user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,287580,10298922,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Benjin,"To all turn-based strategy, 4x lovers (such as myself), Ihighly recommend this game. It's the best thing out before the release of Sid Meier's: Beyond Earth.Anyone who is wondering what this game is like, I'll give you a brief idea on what it is like by saying that it feels like Civilization V with a few major differences, such as:1.Random tech trees for each faction- you also discover new technologies after every era you pass through, to give a sense of wonder of the future2.Unit stacks- infinite number of units per tile; like Civilization IV's stacks of death. The game has actually balanced it so that attacking with stacks is less beneficial; bombardments hurt all units within a stack, flanking (putting units next to each other in separate tiles) gives an attack/defensive bonus.3.Customisable units- yes, you have a unit workshop and can fit different weapons/bonuses/abilities on them. There are a lot of different chassis to research (e.g. infantry, fast-attack vehicle, tank, watercraft, and more).4.Planet wildlife- at the beginning of the game, they are not hostile. However, the wildlife can get more and more aggressive if factions fight against them, or produce a lot of pollution. They may then become the equivalant of barbarians, or even worse (if aggressive enough, they can launch a full-scale invasion on humans, threatening everyone. It could prove to be a good tactic, for militaristic players, to annoy the local wildlife so that peaceful players are threatened with annihilation). There are multiple types of wildlife, ranging from practically harmless little xenomorph drones to gigantic aquatic monstrosities.5.City management- it works something like this; morale (happiness) is local, rather than national. Local morale has an affect on local growth, and local growth depends on whether or not you have enough food stockpiled (food pool is national). Growth is also affected by habitable space; if you don't have enough space, migration to other cities (ones which have more habitable space) will occur. Production requires minerals (also stockpiled nationally). If you run out of minerals, production will be hindered but not stopped completely. Science is gathered normally (1 scientist = +1 science). There are buildings, natural resources and tile improvements which produce percentage increases and/or a small increase in that stat. You can also move your citizen's roles (there are four roles; farmer (food resource collector), miner (mineral resource collector), worker (city producer) and scientist (science producer)) around manually, and they will automatically go to the highest yielding tile. There are other factors as well (such as wars, pollution etc), but that's just the gist of it.6.Alien invasion- around turn 200 (normal pace), an alien force (size depends on how difficult you set difficulty level/alien aggression level) invades the planet and the world has to rally together to fight them off. It's a nice twist and a breath of fresh air, especially if the local wildlife is almost extinct by that time or if you have been playing a peaceful game up until that time.In addition, the game's presentation is very nice (introduction video, graphics, artwork, quote voice overs), soundtrack is great, UI is intuitive and smooth, optimisation is smooth as well; never lags or crashes (runs a lot better than Civilization V). The game is, amazingly, roughly 500MB, so it's a very fast download.What can I say which is bad about the game? Well, currently, the game has more focus on combat than Civilization. The game still needs, in my opinion, to add more content which aligns the player to a more non-combat style of gameplay (e.g. something similar to culture with wonders). There are multiple victory conditions other than conquest, such as economic and research victories, but it'd be nice to have more. There is also no indication of how far ahead you are when compared with your opponents, until the last few turns before your, or your opponent's, imminent victory, warning the player.The good news is that the developers have pledged to add more content to Pandora: First Contact, maybe in the form of expansions, if it proves to be successful. So far I think the game has been successful, hence the Steam release (the game was released months before Steam).EDIT (7th August 2014): Just as I said before, they have continued updating the game to make it better and they have recently announced the first expansion pack, ""Pandora: Eclipse of Nashira"", to the game which adds espionage, better diplomacy, better aquatic gameplay (sea tile improvements etc), new factions and more.For people hoping this to be the next Alpha Centauri, I wouldn't get your hopes too high. The game is good, and it is very similar to AC in some respects, but it's not exactly the same (e.g. no mind worms). Judge it for what it is. I played a lot of AC back in the day, and I thoroughly enjoy this game for what it is.If you're still not convinced, or somewhat unsure whether or not to pay for the full price of £22 or $36, just wait for the eventual sale. I'd definitely call you mad for not getting it then."
76561198006917383,Not Recommended,287580,18170843,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,King Doom,"I love games like this. Well, I love games like this when they don't have massive problems. Pandora: First Contact is marred by two things as far as I'm concerned, though both of them are kinda the same thing - the enemy AI. I say enemy AI because that's what it is. Unless you jump through a mass of hoops and play in an incredibly specific way and don't let population get higher or lower than that little gap between X and Y and don't let your cash reserves do the same, or your armed forces power level, or the amount of land you have, or the improvements, or the... you get the idea, right? Long story short, it's next to impossible to keep the AI controlling the other factions happy, and when it isn't happy it becomes schitzophrenic. One turn it hates you but wants an alliance, the next turn it loves you but is denouncing you and cancelling all your treaties. It must have been incredibly hard to code an AI worse than the one in Civ 5, but they did it.The second problem with the AI is just how utterly it cheats. I'm honestly not sure that they didn't tag the difficulty levels backwards. To test just how bad it is I started a game on the lowest, easiest difficulty level and a couple hundred turns in I'd colonised and developed the continent I was on and the the enemy factions in their two or three tiny little cities were still totally, utterly eclipsing me in reasearch to the point where they were fielding units two or three tech levels above what I had available. This is with the entire research output of about ten massive cities crammed with scientists and it was being completely outmatched by two or three crappy little cities with maybe one or two tiles upgraded around them. I literally had more scientists than any two factions had population and they were still outresearching me!If these are ever fixed, this will be a nice little game. Right now though, it's just too frustrating to play.Edit: Okay, a tiny bit late adding this but not too long ago a big patch was released that was the dev's basically going 'yeah, we made the AI a cheating pack of superpowered madmen/women and we got tired of the complaints so here's us fixing it'. I haven't gotten around to trying it yet, but it does claim to solve a fair few of the complaints I have."
76561198031396231,Not Recommended,287580,14035368,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Nalidus,"I will preface this by saying that the game has promise.  However, that promise does not compensate for Pandora's failings.Pros:1.  The game world is beautiful and interesting to look at.2.  There is a randomized tech tree that jumbles up the techs.  This allows replayability as no two games will have the same tech trees.Cons:1.  Because the tech tree is randomized, the randomness could seriously gimp a game as there are a lot of inferior techs in Pandora.  Sometimes the player will have a lot of great techs on the way up the tree until the tech they are trying to attain.  However, sometimes that same tech will have completely inferior precursors.  It's all luck... which can screw with gameplay.2.  Native life:  This ruins the game.  First, even though a player may have alien life aggression set to very rarely, built the Xenobiology project (-25% alien aggression), did not attack one of the aliens at all, and are the Gaian faction (even more alien aggression reduction), random event of increased alien aggression overrides it all and they will attack.  It's completely ludicrous and needs to be removed from the game.3.  The AI is oversimplistic.  Essentially, military power = godhood.  That's the only thing they look at.  If the player has more power than the AI, then they're friendly.  If the player has less, then they become more demanding.  This functions mainly with the military and faith-based faction which are far mor warmongering.  However, it's still within the rest of the factions' coding and if the player loses a lot of military power from, lets say the ludicrous alien swarm random event, then even the most peaceful factions (Gaian) will start demanding or declaring war.  It's bad game design.4.  The spying in this game is completely broken.  First, there's no inherent city defense against spy units.  So, a player has to actively keep military units in either chokepoints or totally around a city to prevent spies from even touching the city.  Second, they are extremely overpowered in what they can do.  Steal or destroy a majority if not all of a faction's credits and research, cause massive unrest, destroy buildings and production, and even set off nukes.  The only contributing factor is the percentage chance the spy will succeed in the specific sabotage which is dictated by their veterancy.  It's completely broken.5.  From what I've read, everything I listed above will not be fixed by the devs as the devs have already moved on to other projects.  So sad as if the problems would be fixed, then the game would be a lot better.It's a mess and I would avoid it in it's current form."
76561198016880157,Recommended,287580,12445349,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Riik,"Some people call this game Civ in space. It is not the first game to recieve this nickname, nor will it be the last. At its simplest, Pandora is a 4x strategy game that very closely resembles the Civilization franchise. What it truly is, however, is a spiritual successor to Alpha Centauri (the true 'Civ in space'). This game looks and feels like Alpha Centauri down from its visuals to its alien threats to having to deal with hazardous space fungus.And so, what we have here is an alternative to Civ: Beyond Earth. Think of Pandora as a baseline which C:BE must surpass. Because if the TRUE successor to Alpha Centauri cannot defeat the spiritual successor, a lot of people will be disappointed. And whereas it is not without its flaws (limited number of factions, a single visual style for all factions), Pandora: First Contact is a solid, enjoyable game. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for something to play whilst waiting for the release of Beyond Earth. And if Beyond Earth turns out to be a flop, Pandora is there to take its place.I heartily recommend."
,Recommended,287580,12718938,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Bungd-up,"Pandora tries to be a spiritual successor to Alpha Centauri, but it doesn't -quite- hit the mark. That isn't to say it's bad, in fact in some ways it can be quite charming. It's also a perfectly good alternative to Beyond Earth until that title drops in price to something a little more reasonable for what essentially amounts to expansion content.If you've played Civ 5, you've more or less played Pandora. There are some striking differences - the non-linear tech tree, the ability to give units custom loadouts, alien hives, and the arrival of a ""doomsday"" army in mid-late game. It does these things well (Although BE's tech web sounds more impressive), and if you're trying to choose between Beyond Earth or Pandora, I would advise you to wait until Pandora goes on sale and then pick it up first. It isn't good enough to be worth the full price of $33.00 CAD, but it's well worth purchasing all the same.I found the AI to certainly be smarter and much more aggressive than its history-based counterpart from Firaxis, and the couple of games I've played felt like they moved at a much quicker pace. This is a good and a bad thing. For those players that enjoy almost constant conflict and a push to pretty much wipe the board early or be wiped, this is for you. For those players that prefer a slower Civ-style pace, you're going to be a little frustrated with the way the AI seems to blatantly rush through the game in -every- regard. My first match lasted only 50 turns before my AI neighbor wiped me out with tier 3 units while I was still clearing hives and building up my third city just trying to keep my income positive. In the 7.5 hours I've played, I've had 4 games - 3 lost and one win, all on small maps. I have one game that's been sitting unfinished for a couple months, but thats mostly due to other distractions.In a show of fixing what should have never been ""fixed"" by Firaxis in the first place, Pandora does away with the silly one-unit-per-tile rule of the current Civ gen, including Beyond Earth. Yes, unit stacking is back. And it is fantastic. The ""Training"" feature that levels up your units was also a very welcome addition, and something that can keep your low-grade units competitive for a little while longer when resources are tight. Graphically, Pandora does pretty well. It's nothing outstanding, but it still looks quite good, and could pass as a product from a much larger studio if compared. Unit animations are nice and fluid, the sound quality is quite good, and the alien species have quite a nice amount of diversity. They're also quite difficult, and some of the larger species will continue to be a hassle for your units until about tier 3 weapons and tech.The factions all feel reasonably distinct, but there was room for the developer to do a lot more too. The bonuses are nice, and give the factions a different feel when it comes to gameplay, but visually they're all homogenous. This is very disappointing, as even Civ 5 and the latter Beyond Earth allowed for numerous visual styles. This is something that could easily be remedied with a community mod, but the developer has yet to offer any workshop support and the modding community is terribly slow to grow. I'm no modder myself, but this usually indicates that the game is not all that friendly towards customization. There's also no map editor at the present, so if you were hoping to recreate the alien infested Earth from TV's Defiance, or KSP's Kerbin, you're unfortunately out of luck. Both of these things should require developer attention and soon, as they severely limit the game's appeal.6.5/10All in all, Pandora does an okay job at presenting a decent sci-fi 4x reminiscent of SMAC, but just an okay job. It gets some things right, but it's also missing a lot of things that should be there already. The seeming lack of mod support and a community around it and no official map editor costs the game some serious points. If it had those two, I could probably toss it an 8 or 8.5, but as it stands it lacks two crucial features. That said, It's well worth picking up if it's on sale. But I wouldn't advise paying full price for what you get. Then again, it's still quite reasonable compared to the tag on Beyond Earth.A decent library addition for any fan of sci-fi or 4x games."
76561197971825130,Recommended,287580,10330640,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Haapy,"I wish I could give this game more thumbs up. It is simply amazing.The UI is so good it's nearly transparent. You always have access to the information you need. The busy-work is stripped out, and you're left with only the fun, meaningful decisions. Also, for the first time that I can remember, they do unit upgrades correctly. The starting units can be meaningful and useful in the end game, if you keep them upgraded with the latest tech.I've been playing turn-based strategy games a long time, and they always end up playing the same way. I was just looking for a graphics update out of this game, but it actually changed the formula for me enough that I had to change my playstyle to adapt to the game. That's brilliant - it feels new and fresh rather than just another rehash of the old, stale status quo.I think the addition of a truly dangerous PvE component really spices up the game. You've got to adapt to the situation. The randomized tech tree paths also help ensure that each game has its own unique story - it sounds weird, but it works.I highly recommend this game. It's a serious contender for my game-of-the-year pick."
76561198011635974,Not Recommended,287580,10436789,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Guilty Man,"MISSED OPPORTUNITYPandora has some great ideas, some good content, but realy does fail to deliver especialy at it's current price.It's a CIV V influenced 4X strategy game set in the future where man has colonised a new world 'Pandora' and has set to mucking up the place.PRAISE*The game plays very smoothly, in 2 campaigns I have only experienced 1 bug which is more than I can say for CIV.*The pacing works well, the changes to the formula with the randomising tech tree, the unit designer and the alien natives help the game feel fresh.*It does it's theme well, it does feel like you're starting off at the tech level of the Alien franchise and advancing your way up to Star Trek TNG.FAULTS*The game has a poorly implemented Polution mechanic that has done nothing but baffle me, as your cities produce pollution your populace becomes unhappy and the native Xenomorphs get more aggressive. Sounds ok but not only is it ludicrously easy to control polution with no benefits to polluting, but sometimes you get little pop ups about the state of the world, but you can't track any global stats and so you can't tell which of the various nations is apparently chocking the skies. As for the results of polluting, save for the xenomorphs (who are also easy to defeat) I couldn't see a single issue in the world.*The Tech tree is DULL, very dull. nearly everything on the tree will provide you with either a building, a project (perminant global bonus on completion) or weapons tech to outfit your troops. But every building does the same thing, increase a single stat in your city. Every Project does the same but for all cities and save for the XP booster and the Regen items, all the unit equipment does is change their power stat. This is such a waste, I imagined that equiping illusion fields to a troop would give them stealth, or that using metabolic boosts would give an activated ability. But all the tech does is improve some numbers. In one of my campaigns I ended up making all my citizens into downloadable consciounesses apparently, did this affect gameplay? Not in the slightest.*Every Unit ends up the same, as all the equipment does is increase stats then you don't need to make hard choices with designing your units, here's all you'll need: Infantry with flames, tanks with rockets, tanks with lasers, flyers with rockets and maybe 1 mech to keep yourself from getting bored. Everytime you advance to the next era build that era's units, forget about the old one it can't put a scratch on the next tier. As units never get any activatible abilities from their equipment the only trade off is production time, but seeing as your cities are getting more advanced by the second you can easily keep up. I spent an entire campaign never researching ships or ATV's, why would I when I can orbitaly drop soldiers anywhere on the map (including empty enemy cities) and I have plains to do my scouting who have greater movement and resistances.*The lack of factions is also a problem for me, they are each focused on one extreme ideal, Military, Science, Theology (completly pointless as there is no religion system), Economy, Industry and Ecology. Their leaders have long dossiers on backstory and principles with set appearances, but unlike CIV V where you had a voice acted exchange with them, its all done in minimalistic pre-made text options. There are no unique factin units, items or equipment you just recieve a flat buff and a penelty to some aspect of your society, like the Ecologists who pollute less and gain a benefit from forest tiles but whoes military are 50% less effective (haven't used them for a reason). If we have to use pre-made factions then at least make them feel different from one another.*Diplomacy is bare bones. All it is is a few options to either Demand X, Give X, Propose X. Granted this was with the AI and you can have all sorts of backstabbing against your real world friends, but theres no ability to give someone units, to trade tech or resources or to even set up trade routes to make it feel like your nations are tied to one another. With the AI this realy does make it feel like your on your own against everything, they tend to change personality at the drop of a hat, break alliances that cost a boatload of cash to build and just generaly act like prescripted, poorly fleshed out programs like they are.*Victory conditions are terribly limited. you either win by controlling 75% of the population (military), researching 75% of all tech (science), or have more money than Space God (economic). thats it, no multistage tasks, no reprecutions for your misdeeds or rewards for being good, apparently everyone decided that because you got the ability to build farms just before they did (even if you were neck and neck in tech) that you won and are now master of Pandora.*The end is unsatisfying. At one point I was worried that I was going to be told that I was lord of a dead planet because of all the pollution caused by the industrialist faction (global pollution warnings having said things about thick smog etc) but at the victory screen it all meant nothing, there was no after story, no summery of events, nothing to actualy tell me the state of Pandora 'How badly was it damaged? what were the alien ruins about? do the Messara (evil alien invasion which died in 4 turns) return? No idea, you won have a medal and start again.CONCLUSIONSPandora has some neat ideas, decent technical design and has no glairing failures. But it also has no great content to recomend it by, it falls flat on delivering a satisfying campaign and throughout the entirity of a game theres nothing to break the mould. The game plays the same way no matter who you are from begining to end with the ability to adapt units being just a drawn out way of giving global buffs to your soldiers. It lacks key features such as globally tracked stats, and it has no visual representation of changes to the world.In short this game is not worth the money they want for it, if you need a new 4X and you want a Sci-FI one then get Galactic Civilisation II. Maybe grab this on offer because I did hav fun for the first hour or so of both my campaigns."
76561197970527078,Not Recommended,287580,19416817,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Hus,"I've finally played enough that I think I owe this a review.Pandora's very clearly inspired by Alpha Centauri, but the underlying mechanics are quite innovative and different. At core this game is about super specializing your cities, micromanaging the population in your cities, and fighting the other factions. Unfortunately, the game doesn't really *tell* you how to manage your population or make the interface intuitive to focus around it.  At best, it offers 'lock buttons' on population types.  The combat is so-called multiple unit per tile, which removes some of the problems of Civ's one unit per tile.The game falls down badly in diplomacy, where the AI seems to essentially perform a force count comparison to decide whether to attack.  Get behind in military force and you'll suddenly find yourself under attack.  Lose or even have a few units weakened in the skirmish and suddenly the other AI will all decide to join the fray and you might as well restart.  The tension, of course, is if you're building tons of military to avoid the AI pile-on, you aren't shotgunning ahead in science.In combat, the AI seems to be decently competent, although late in the game they build tons of lower-tech units as opposed to higher tech ones.  They will brutally shell your cities with artillery and destroy modifier tiles.  The guy who rewrote the AI deserves a pat on the back for the challenge they offer in combat.As for personality, Pandora doesn't have any wonders or memorable personalities like Civ's Montezuma and Ghandi, just the brutal optimization game of managing your population and keeping up your military.  The game's systems are too brittle to allow for casual play.  If you're not carefully optimizing everything from the beginning, then you're not going to have fun. This game was a missed opportunity. Civ needed some competition or at least someone doing something new and different.  This isn't it."
76561197977590976,Recommended,287580,13933085,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Horatio Apple Teepee,"I have been playing 4x strategy games for 23 years.  I remember installing Civ 1 and gluing myself to the screen.  My parents would threaten me with ""No civ!"" from time to time and boy that worked.  I went on to play and enjoy every other version of the game, extensively, despite the changes that frustrated many.Alpha Centauri was my jam.  I probably had thousands of hours played, and I STILL have it installed and still play it; in my opinion it was the best in terms of immersion and strategy.  I would LOVE to see steam carry it, it would sell very well and I would have people to play with multiplayer again.ANY WAY, this game is the modern sequel to Alpha Centauri in spirit; If you haven't played Alpha Centauri, I apologize for the reference, you should go look it up and get your hands on it.  It's brutal, immersive, and has endless playability, as is Pandora.  The game is not perfect, and is still being devved and updated (I trolled their forums a bit and their devs actively respond to questions and comments), but is still beautiful and brutal at the same time.Strategy wise, it is incredibly complicated however you can start out simply till you learn the ropes.  Customizable units means that you can get intel on what your oponents are using (with your nifty satellite recon operations, which are very useful), OR you can out tech everyone and have mega upgraded units that are good against everything and nearly immortal.  The latter is much more difficult and expensive.  It is easy to learn but hard to master, I still find myself changing my strategy mid game; discovering a new technology could change the tide of battle very easily.  Getting intel that an enemy fleet is about to hit your mainland when your army is off fighting on another continent?  No problem, you can research drop pods to recall your troops back to the mainland, and watch them drop from orbit to obliterate your foes on the beach.Mid and late game can be VERY VERY HARD if you don't know what you are doing, which is something they are working to patch.  The eclipse isn't so bad, but the messari invasion can be very frustrating.  Here's the thing though, if you stick through it, it will make you a better 4x player.  Every game you lose you will learn something from... And YES, you will lose at first.  I recommend starting on very easy and low aliens until you get the hang of it.  Learn to skip techs that you know you do not need based on what your armies and infrastructure need.  It will take a few playthroughs to get the hang of this...  The random tech tree was odd at first, but I ended up liking it very much, it gives a very unique feel to every single game in terms of the strategic decisions you make.It is a very immersive environment, beautifully however simply rendered.  Watching leviathans in the water waver, surfacing a bit and then going back down to a silhouette.  The combat could be done a bit better in terms of animation, but it is not too lacking, and I can't be quite that picky as simplicity is beauty.  This is a game I play on a 7 year old desktop, and it still looks good and lags just a tiny bit late game.  I love watching the world darken for the eclipse, and then re emerge to light afterwards.  Clouds of ash and infestation encircle the world and darken it a bit again for the messari invasion.  Late game is my favorite...  Dropping nukes on people, turtling then dropping massive surprise armies on people's continents, and if you are lucky enough to survive late enough and tech up well, you can SUMMON TACTICAL BLACK HOLES!!!  Alternatively,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥enemies off whom have out teched you will result in a very depressing loss via having your cities obliterated by enemy black holes.  Such is life in Pandora.Cons:It could use more music tracks and animations for leaders, and I'm sure they could afford like... Sir Patrick Stewart to do some voice overs for them.Espionage is OP and defending against it can be frustrating.  Surround your cities, and keep an eye on the events log to see when they are spotted.  Espionage is getting re worked in a patch at some point, so I have heard.Unit stack can be crippling.  Being a veteran to 4x will help with this, but you can go half a game successfully and then have a very tragic loss via an insurmountable wall of enemies.  In Pandora's defense, this is counterable by having good intel and making sure your armies are diverse enough.  Also, orbital bombardment via satellite and artillery units are good counters to this.The AI is dumb in the water.  They will leave unit stacks in the water while moving troops, and this leaves them very vulnerable.  Much similar to Civ 5.Diplomacy could be more diverse and useful.The AI likes to plant cities in your territory if you don't fill gaps between your cities.  This is VERY frustrating, but again hopefully getting patched.The Messari invasion will kill you until you learn to prepare for it.  This, again, is getting patched (they need to either make it later or have a difficulty setting specifically for it).  Preparing for it mean covering your territory, and having a diverse (and not small) army and enough production to continually resupply yourself with troops.This is way too long of a review I need to stop typing.  9/10!"
,Not Recommended,287580,12894051,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NanoByteGhost,"Whilst this game has most of the features Alpha Centauri had, it does things a little differently and lacks the polish and sophistication of the older game.It uses a Armour = health, weapons = power + Bio, Light mech, heavy mech or air system to make users good or bad against various things which works nicely.It also features events that trigger some pretty big game changing attacks by native wild live and alien invasions.You do not have to research everything either, you can skip some things to research something else. Plus research is randomised per tier so each game is different, each nation is different, lots of good ideas here. Unfortunately this makes the science victory pretty much obselete due to the way the cherry picking of research works.Over all a nice ideas but they do negatively affect the gameplay....AI is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥unfortunately... seriously, even during peace time they all build agents and send them against the richest nation or the most advanced nation. So who ever that is, gets every agent on the planet attacking them in wave after wave of agent infiltrations turn after turn.War is the same, the most disliked side is attacked by everybody and if you sign the open borders treaty with everybody, they will all come to your land to fight each other. Even if your at peace with everybody. In all my games, my own land was always full of AI units fighting each other.If you stay friendly with everybody you do not achieve an allied victory, you simply become the last one to die.The alien invaders do not heal, but are twice as tough as your best units, so you have to wear them down, throwing wave after wave of troops against them in suicide missions. The alien mother ship works the same way only it has way too much health. I saw it defeat a stack of about 40 AI units in a single turn.Due to the way the research cherry picking works I saw an AI build a group of troopers that utterly smashed a group of 40 units of all types. The stack of 40 had a rich variety of troops, where as the AI only had colonial troops, so should have been slaughtered. But it wiped out the stack of 40.The AI also seems to be able to build with out interference, whilst I end up in a constant battle with the native live from the very start of the game. Even when I made a point of clearing all native hives early on with flamers, the eclispe event ensures native live still attack anyway. Enemy seem to be able to destroy in provement instantly just by walking on them so its really not worth improving anything early on, it will all be destroyed anyway by the natives or the aliens.And that was all on very easy... the easiest difficulty the game has to offer.Nice idea, but without meaningful diplomacy and AI decisions that do not involve all AIs ganging up on 1 player or AI , this game really is not worth much."
,Recommended,287580,12637917,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,El Generico Padre,"Pandora: First contact is basically a modern version of Alpha Centauri on a hex grid, as opposed to Civilization Beyond Earth, which is essentially Civ 5 in space. Like AC, Pandora includes unit customization, terraforming, randomized tech trees and factions with distinct leaders and philosophies alongside a rich backstory and a detailed compendium. In addition to this, varied alien aggression and several alien-related events can easily disrupt the balance of power in a game, forcing players to react to new threats and even form tenuous alliances to overcome them. While the game only includes a few unit chassis (infantry, light vehicles, tanks, aircraft, mechs and dreadnoughts), each of these unit types can fill different roles with the wide range of weapons and specialized equipment available - it's not uncommon to find yourself with 3 different types of tanks, for instance. Lastly, the problem of ""death stacks"" isn't as large as it is in games like Civilization 4, as features such as orbital bombardment and artillery can damage entire unit stacks, punishing this strategy.The only complaint I have at the time of writing this review is that the espionage system is too powerful in the hands of the player; it's possible, using two spies, to completely prevent an AI player from researching technologies and amassing wealth - while the AI is capable of using this same strategy (and they try), a human player will likely counteract this by positioning units around cities while an AI player won't."
,Not Recommended,287580,13068200,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Mordgier,"It's a decent game ruined by agent mechanics which are easily abused by AI and player alike.Agents are cheap as you can build them with pretty much no upgrades and rush them into AI towns of allies and enemies alike to steal tons of their money and research.The AI will do the same to you - even if you are in an alliance with them. There are no diplomacy options to tell them to stop. So the only way to do it is to wall off your city with actual units - or just kill the AI.It is unfortunate that I am giving this game a thumbs down just for this issue - but it's essentially game breaking. Don't use it - the AI will rob you blind, use it, you'll hopelessly cripple the AI and win easily. In short the challenge and sense of achievement that should exist in a 4X is simply not here."
76561198033287437,Recommended,287580,17356610,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Shailo,"The short version.Although a clone of Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri, Pandora is *not* Alpha Centauri. It is not even close. The art assets are far inferior, the diplomatic dialogs display the wit of a high-school student, and the factions, although almost identical to those of Alpha Centauri, are not motivated by their ideology, rather they display no obvious motivation at all. Indeed, they are often completely erratic, and will go to war for no reason, offer peace after losing a few units and then declare war again a few turns later. Over and over, and regardless of faction. They will also erratically make and break treaties over and over, and will throw snide comments at you in an attempt to sway the other factions against you. Independently of faction as well as over and over and over. Lastly, the quotes associated with the research lack the cultural sophistication of those from Alpha Centauri, and are often uninteresting or even annoying. In other words, the interest in the technologies and in the interaction between factions has been tossed out, and replaced with snide and ham-handed commentary.Pandora changes the game situation a bit. Rather than mind-worms and a nascent god consciousness, Pandora has varied and aggressive indigenous lifeforms that have a significant role in player development as they will harass your early colonies and inhibit expansion. There is also another alien race that will pop in with superior technology and try to terraform the place as well as wipe everyone out more directly.There are some improvements to the interface, the management system doesn't lock you in a modal update sequence after each turn, and you actually get incident reports that you can click on to find out what happened. So, to the author's credit, some improvement has been made, although you will still get multiple dialogs overlaying combat so they have failed to fully understand the concept of 'communication' and the difference between noise and information. On top of that there is the stack of making or breaking treaty dialogs and the personal carping communications after each turn ... well, maybe after every *second* turn.Nevertheless, Pandora is a playable and a technically competent game on the Alpha Centauri model. If you thought that Alpha Centauri took itself too seriously and needed to lighten up, Pandora might work for you."
,Not Recommended,287580,32423732,Posted: 14 June,all,maria_kalista,"Sloppy programmed 4x game by lazy developers.That is harsh, but if these developers blame their shortcomings in programming skills (or the unwill to fix their own bugs) on tasks running in the background (where non of the games in my library have *ANY* issues with), or even suggest to TURN OFF YOUR FIREWALL, which in this day and age is borderline criminal to suggest, it's the only viable description the people behind this title deserve, sloppy and lazy.Pandora first contact crashes at times but not so much it's unplayable, graphical bugs showed up in end game and once I played past my victory, like hugely stretched city buildings. Not game breaking, just looks bad becuase of developers unwill to fix bugs.AI is pretty though and it took me 36 hours to finally win a game. After that the game gets pretty fast stale. There are only 2 'incursions' a night cycle where all local alien life goes rampant and an external alien invasion period. If you set the aliens to hard these external aliens can become pretty annoying ( a good thing as it breaks the mundanity of this game). Weird thing is on that setting alien sealife gets pretty fast obliterated by the AI as on lower setting they remain and can be a severe pain in the lower back regions when traveling over water.There is no campain,, people go to new planet to start new... we've been there before and done that better. It basically boils down to pile up your military force as quickly as possible (don't get any moment behind any other faction or they'll start stomping you), and roll over weaker factions as soon as the time is ripe. I doubt a diplomatic victory is possible as in one play through I kept to my side, didn't go to war, was the last remaining faction and still ended up being nuked into oblivion.Graphics look pretty good, animations are ok, soundtrack gets pretty fast stale and doesn't match the mood of what's going on the screen many times, sound FX are fine, AI is hard, diplomatic screen is infuriating (Heh) :) as there are unexplained moments I cannot slime my way up to other factions, keep them happy untill I can obliterate them from Pandora.All in all I had my fun, there is some stuff defenitly not good here, replayability once you've won is up to your level of how much can you endure the same over and over again.Neither a thumbs up or down but because of the developers suggesting you to tun off your firewall and background tasks, as those are the problem with this title and not their bugs this gets a big fat thumbs down.To the developers behind this I have only one question: do you have no honor or pride in your product, are you only in this for the quick buck?Ok that are 2 questions but whatever! MK signing off. :p"
,Recommended,287580,15451821,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Eternium,"As of now this game is gameplay wise better than beyond earth due to more extensive economy, research tree is easy to master instead of a resears circle or how i call it ""bubble"". Lore is actually apparent in this game due to you can actually find it when you look through some tabs there will be a tab that says ""Story."" This game doesnt leave you hanging and having to guess what each faction leader did in thier life or how the faction came to be. Pandora first contact lore in a nutshell, it is an alternate version of history where humanity was more enticed with space travel and drained earth of its natural resources. After searching through nooks and crannies of space they found a planet that they called pandora and sent colony ships to it. they get there on December 2107 AD and that is pretty much where the game begins. Players are not the only threat as the natural aliens will try to kill you after you A. kill aliens B. do rapid expansion and pollute. C. they will turn agressive on their own terms. Then there is and alien invasion that will come when you explore a random ruin so it is impossible to know which ruin will summon the invasion ""space russian roulette!"" Over all it is a good experience that is fun. Think of this game as Beyond Earth executed better not perfect though as i do have minor gripes.My minor gripes with this game. Diplomacy is lacking though seeing as how you cant directly trade resources to people and such.  a diplomatic victory is pretty much non existent seeing as how military force/ war drives the game forward. Science is just a factor to keep your cities happy, lower pollution, and keep a higher production  and pump out more military units. Speaking of military units you have to have a large military on standby so it can flex its various muscles so it keeps people away.  AI needs some improvement but good thing that is coming so they are still making this game better and improving the experience. I will give away one faction to be careful around which is pretty much a religous extremist group who is always hated by other factions because it keeps declaring war on everything. That large military i mentioned you need it so that AI wont attack you. Im not the most religious person on this planet but isnt that faction's AI making referance to the mentality of convert or die? At least toning down its agression would be nice because it is always the first one to die. I wonder why?I give this game a 9/10 for better execution of concept than what Beyond earth did. I cant wait to see more improvements in the future."
,Not Recommended,287580,22958823,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,darkrage000,"ive played this game for a while now (over 20 hours), and have never gotten beyond ~120-140 turnsThe AI is downright idiotic and will go from generous to furious in a single turn simply because you dont pay them a tribute.. which seems to affect all the other AI players and make their relations go down the hole as well.In my latest game, at turn 105 i had alliances with everyone.. all 7 Ai players. One demanded tribute and when i refused, he cancellled our alliance, trade pact, research pact, and non aggression act andthen declared war.... and was followed by EVERY SINGLE AI immediately.next turn i was bombarded from space repeatedly, wiping out 12 aveger tanks, 2 formers and 3 ground troopers in 2 turns.I had ONE city, ONE mine, and TWO farms... theres no way that i was polluting the planet massively, or an extreme military threat, etc etc and therfore no logical reason the AIs would all go to war, least of all at the same time.Not to mention that i was barely building tanks and they had aircraft and orbital bombardment already...after destroying my units, they did another bombadment that brought my city from a 14 population to a ONE.having similar events occur over the course of several games, i am giving up on this one util they get the AI fixed.its truly sad as the game brings good graphics, good ideas and unique mechanics to many aspects of the game.having spent 40 bucks on this game, i feel rather.... let down in a big way."
,Recommended,287580,12621313,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Caelus,"forget civ beyond earth.... THIS is the true x4 alpha centauri soul successor...seriously, having played civ beyond earth i now realise how superior pandora first contact is, the planets of pandora feel alive, the menu is more indepth (were as in beyond earth they cut it and will dlc it later) the aliens are everywere (unlike in beyond earth were you may see 2 alien units per planet circumfrance)  the world of pandora feels more alive and more active than civs new game....THIS is the beyond earth you were looking for!"
76561198071974334,Recommended,287580,15978723,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ben_of_Men,"So I've owned this game since it first came out, or at least shortly after, either way, I'm a huge fan. The AI was better than most, the aliens were able to range from slow and dumb to fast and devastating. The game is well made, and I daresay Civ:BE stole some ideas from Pandora. The new, current version of the game is too advanced for me, which I regret admitting, but I have three AIs building nuclear facilities before I can even exit the first tech era. This game is not for the average Civ player. This game is for Pandoran survivors. How exciting can a 4x be? Well, you have the always grim threat of hostile aliens who can, and will, overrun your defenses and destroy your cities, along with massive sea beasts that will decimate entire fleets, all with giant aerial monstrosities that aid in your downfall. Want that power? Kill one and get the tech to turn aliens to your side, and use them to crush your foes along with your army. After establishing yourself, ancient beings who once presided return to their former home, hellbent on removing you and your rivals, creating a common enemy, forming a shaky peace between you, in which you will all burn and die, or triumph and sigh in relief only to have to turn your eyes to the horizon to confront your newly militarized neighbor. This is no ordinary 4x, no ordinary survival, no ordinary diplomacy. This is Pandora. Confront the new world with open arms, or bear down on it with a big stick. Form alliances to stand strong, or pick up arms against everything that moves. Be a hero, or be a monster. Either way you will never have anything go as planned, so be prepared for a hellish ride in a strange place full of enemies."
76561198086093824,Not Recommended,287580,32057389,Posted: 30 May,all,Got to be Real,Supposed to be the *spiritual successor to Alpha Centauri* and yet has none of the sophistication nor diversity of that excellent game. The different factions here seem very superficial and meaningless; all the game requires of you is to build massive armies as fast as possible and exterminate every thing and everyone as fast as possible before they do it to you.  Pure 100% militaristic-orientated.Games like this make me hope that humans never reach the stars becasue this displays nothing except the most banal and worst parts of humanity. One would hope that some kind of wisdom or evolution of sensibilities would happen beyond mindless thuggery.I tried to get a refund for the game but was refused 3 times. I may at some point explore the .ini files to see if a more civilised game can be made from this since the game was expensive for what it is and so I want to be able to get something out of it. In all honesty I would like to like this game becasue the graphics are gorgeous and the visual realisation is nicely done: the one and only good thing I could say about it.
76561198022234313,Recommended,287580,28899214,Posted: 1 January,all,Rodel Ituralde,"Great 4X game!! Well balanced, plays fun, no issues whatsoever (gameplay, technical, or graphic). I love being able to customize my units and I love that even though you can stack units and move stacks simultaneously, only one unit a time is involved in combat. The AI is actually pretty good and plays in a way that makes sense (as opposed to the travesty that is Civ AI)."
,Recommended,287580,19327663,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ellye,"I frankly wasn't expecting anything more than a bland generic Civilization or a bland generic Alpha Centauri...And indeed, the game is pretty much a generic Alpha Centauri. But it's much more well made than I imagined it would be. The presentation is pretty good, the interface might not be the most beautiful one in the world but it is polished and functional, the tooltips are truly helpful, ingame information is easy to find, etc.The semi-random tech tree is pretty big, with each research unlocking one specific item (a building, operation, project, unit part or such). Research seems to be quick overall, so are you constantly getting new stuff in small increments.I tend to dislike unit customization in 4x games; more often than not that's just busywork. I enjoy the way customization works here, though, some of the pieces you unlock give you interesting specialized units.But more importantly, I think, is that ultimately what bores from other 4x games and make me go back to Civilization (or to Grand Strategy games) is the AI. There are a number of 4x games out there that are extremely polished and sleek, with interesting and well designed system... but ultimately I grow bored of them rather quickly because the AI doesn't seem to have any clue whatsoever about the game. It's like I'm playing alone in a sandbox, no matter the difficulty. As much as the AI of CivV is criticized, it at least tries to win and to interact with the player.From what I could gather, Pandora is now being patched by a person from the community, who has been focusing on AI improvements. Obviously I haven't played a lot of it yet, but from the matches I've played, I really enjoyed the AI behavior I saw (except perhaps by how quickly they changed their mind regarding diplomatic agreements) - it seemed to react really well to what was happening around it, I felt like I was having an actual impact in the game world instead of playing by myself while the AIs played by themselves.Bottom line is: Pandora is giving me the ""one more turn"" vibe that non-Civilization 4Xs almost never manage to give me. The fact that there are decisions to be made almost every couple of turns (instead of long dull periods) and the fact that the AI seems to be really trying to compete with me are what collaborate to this, I think."
76561198010364083,Not Recommended,287580,16663610,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Benjoseph,The basic game is good but the major flaw is the the AI and I mean the diplomacy AI...get attacked by native buglike critters and lose ONE unit its a conga line of AI msg telling you you need to pay them or else. then one by one they drop trade or scince agreements and finally war.I think the AI is a hyperactive 3 year old childfor example the AI threatens me 3-4 times in a row then offers a trade agreement then ends the science pact we had then cuts trade only to offer scienceagain.............WTH?my best policy is ignore then stack units till 40 firepower in my cities..... which of course they hate you for this and delare war.....Not feeling all warm and fuzzy on this one as yet.... that may change as the dev makes changes.
76561197970897244,Not Recommended,287580,19556147,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,grparks,"Buy it on sale if it's under $10.00.  As so many others have said, I like 4x type games and I loved Alpha Centauri.  I still play AC every so often.  This game has some interesting ideas, some fun units and some nice artwork.  What kills it for me and why I had to down vote the game is the lack of replayability.<SPOILERS AHEAD>After the first couple of games, you know basically how the eras are going to go.  You know that night will fall, you know that an alien menace will come from gates that must be closed and what kills it is that you know WHEN and HOW these things will happen.  These aren't cool random events, they happen every time.  So all you're really doing is playing the exact same set of ""Random"" events again and again.Perhaps WWII simulation players who enjoy re-playing battles over and over using slightly different tactics or from different angles would be more appreciative of this title.  For 4x players (or at least for me) it's too static."
76561198062259956,Not Recommended,287580,29309885,Posted: 16 January,all,amst,"I've played about 20-30 games, most of them on easiest difficulty, with and without the expansion. I won 1. I have no idea how I did it and definitely can't do it again.I'm not an idiot. I'm also a programmer. Yes, I know that a competently programmed AI can beat humans every time. Unfortunately, it's not fun. I wonder if the devs are aware of the following AI standard:- Easy: people who can tie their shoes will win- Medium: people of moderate intelligence will win- Hard: people who have played the game a lot will reliably win- Very Hard: people with in-depth knowledge of the game will win some of the timeIn this game, the easiest mode is equivalent to ""Hard"" to ""Very Hard"" in normal games. The mechanics are OK, but if you want fun, this is not the place to go. It could be a fun game if it were winnable by non-hardcore people.Compounding the general problem of the AI being too powerful, the AI magically knows, even on the lowest difficulty, when you have a weaker army than it, and declares war instantly. It is not uncommon for the following to happen:1. AI magically determines you are weaker than it, without scanning or vision. AI declares war.2. You build 1-2 units, bringing your army strength up. AI asks for peace, you accept.3. 10 turns later, AI (presumably) builds a few more units, so it is stronger than you and declares war again.This is dumb. Also, on the rare occasions I have won a (defensive!) war against 1 AI, the next thing that often happens is: all the other AIs declare war on me, or an alien tower spawns next to my base, thereby screwing an otherwise decent position. The only way to avoid constant war declarations is to constantly build units. Then your economy and research will be screwed and you will lose an economic or research victory to another faction. Damned either way.My conclusion:Do you like constant frustration just short of rage? Then I recommend this game.Do you like the feeling of a fresh start when you start building your base at the beginning of a 4X? Then I recommend this game, because you will get that experience a lot. That part of this game is fun and the only reason I've played it as much as I have.Do you like to play games to relax and have fun with a moderate but winnable challenge? Skip it and try Stellaris."
76561197997084624,Recommended,287580,29217367,Posted: 12 January,all,Lolage,"Just bought it on sale  and am very glad I didn't listen to the bad reviews. The game is basicly Civ BE, but better!Pro's:- Let me start with what also creates the bulk of bad reviews: the AI. Pandora AI is a lot more punishing and challenging than Civ AI, which often was laughable. As soon as they see you are low on the military ladder you become a target, especially if you are a neighbour. For everybody whose complaining: keep your forces up and your cities defended and you will notice the AI's being a lot more friendly. Furthermore, when in war (I like militairy victories better), the AI doesn't only attack your closest city but sends units to the cities which are less defended, often making surprise attacks on cities well away from the border: in my opinion a great strategy and so a great AI!- Stackable units: no more hassle with half a country being blocked with armies, making battles drag out for ages.- Unit customization, I CAN'T STRESS HOW GREAT THIS IS. While the game has a limited amount of unit types, you can equip (and re-equip!) them with different weapons and gadgets you research. This way you can create new units to the challenge at hand. Being invaded by aliens? Equip your army with bullets and flamethrowers! A mecha army coming your way? Switch to lasers and homing misiles! Repurpose old units to fill the gaps your new army misses!- The tech tree is created randomly, which gives slightly divers start-game strategies. But more importantly, a lot of tech can actually be skipped without big consequences! With Civ I would often research everything because of exponentially increasing research requirements for techs further along the tech-tree. In Pandora I often skip unwanted technologies in order to get to the good stuff sooner and the game allows for this.- A lot of terrain advantages/disadvantages, making unit and city placement very important.- Interesting wildlife/common enemy system. I won't spoil a lot, but let's just say eliminating the locals is just the beginning.Cons:- AI interaction and diplomacy, though pretty extensive, feels flat and unimportant.- Game encyclopedia is incomplete, a lot is not explained (I think they actually assume you played Civ before this)- You can't follow what happens with your units during the oponents turn, leaving you often wondering what happened to a unit untill you find out it has been destroyed some turns ago.For a 2013 game with medium-graphics and replayability I'd say 30,- (40,- with expansion) is way to expensive now. Buy it on sale (got mine for 10,- total) for a great bargain though! Ignore the nay-sayers and go for a more challenging 4X game!"
76561198095498888,Recommended,287580,12425133,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Constantine,"If you liked Alpha Centarui or any Civ game for that matter, you will love this game.Like others have said, it isn't really fair to compare Pandora to Civ as there are minor differences, but the genre and feel are definitely nostalgic, and reflect on older Civ games in a good way.After 10 hours of playtime on a campaign (Huge map, long settings, all factions) I havent run into any game-breaking frustrations. The only one that I can think of is that the game starts to take awhile between turns the further you go, but honestly thats an issue all games of this genre have (when you reach the point of the entire map being colonized and hundreds if not thousands of units running around, etc.)Cool community. Theres a nice competitive scene out there if you are interested in that sort of stuff.10/10."
,Recommended,287580,10353916,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Kissamies,"A decent and fairly solid TBS 4x game that borrows heavily from Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri. Does some things well, somewhat lacking in the other and doesn't reach the same level of personality and depth as SMAC. Surprisingly fast paced for this type of game. Resource system is global, which works fine.Things I liked:+ Unit workshop. Build your own units like in SMAC, and with better interface. The chassis being the same things in 3 tiers is slightly boring, though.+ Randomized tech tree (per era). Of course it makes the techs connect to each other a bit nonsensically, but it prevents ""the one true tech path"" that plagues other games from forming.+ Allows unit stacking in such way that it still discourages the big ""stack of death"". OK, this is mainly here because of my opinion of Civ5's 1 unit per tile.+ Good interface.Things I didn't like:- Victory conditions are a bit meh. There is enough of them, though a few more wouldn't hurt, but the existing ones are just of the ""reach 75% of X"" variety.- Tech tree has some cool stuff, but also has too much of things like ""factory, tier 2"".- Diplomacy is kind of lacking.- Could use more content.Devs seem to be still working in the game, so it may improve.7/10"
76561198010088698,Recommended,287580,28542001,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Swiftpaw,"Great overlooked game.  The loading times are amazing in comparison to Civilization.  Graphically, it's more on-par with Civ4, but it's a lot of fun and I really hope Proxy Studios decides to make another one."
,Recommended,287580,10303528,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Jachymor,"With this game, you get the best parts of Alpha Centauri like customisable units, an alien landscape and a variety of alien creatures combinied with unique leaders. It also runs EXTREMELY smooth and shows that some developers still care for optimization, which I value most in games. Thus many grats to this German studio. This game adds its unique tech and eco system combined with a refined global resource system from Warlock: MotA. It also adds Operations, which are mostly global skills like scans, upgrades or damage which either are on cooldown or must be produced in cities.However, you only get about 60 - 70% of the original AC and less if you add Alien Crossfire. You have only 6 leaders instead of 7 (however noone misses Lal, that crazy space Ghandi), you do not have a diplomatic victory as far as I now. I don't know if there is advanced terraforming or sea cities available, but the water areas appear rather dull. These are points the future add-ons should adress to reach the full AC experience. Support the game, the price is pretty reasonable for a fresh 4x game."
76561198025114479,Recommended,287580,21571297,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Risa,"Pandora: First Contact is a relativelysimplehex-tile 4x game. Note that I saysimple, noteasy.Basics: Its combat system highly resembles SMAC, that is, multiple-unit-per-tile, every-battle-is-lethal, and modulized unit design. Its economic system is quite inovative. And it's war-oriented, put it simply, just to grow, to produce, to research, no wonders or culture or religion or the like.Cons:- Not enough varieties in unit design. Dispite strictly the same strength-to-cost ratio, Some designs are bound to be more useful than others.- Thereisbest solution in economic system. Once figured out, there's little reason to deviate from it.- Not enough factions. Unable to fully fill large or larger map types.- (Almost) non-existent diplomacy. While there are pacts, attitudes and reactions, the most decisive factor for AI to declare war or not is military strength comparison. And most wars are dog-piles.- Not enough documentation. To be fair, this game does have a bunch of tips to explain basics to new player. It also does have quite a lot of fluffy texts. Just some details left unexplained. If it were another game, I won't list this as a con. Reason? See Pros section.- Over all, it's hard. Unfairly hard, maybe, to some people's taste.- feature wise, it's a pretty done game. There is unlikely new expansion to fix some underlying problem.Pros:- Inovative economic system. It does take some time to figure it out.- The game ishard. And it's already hardwithoutgiving AI bonuses. When a 4x game achieved that in before?- (Almost) non-existent diplomacy, because every AI is first and foremost a predator in jungle. Some may be hawkier and some may be dovier, but if you (or another AI faction, for the matter) show them your weakness, they are not hesitated to pounce upon. And they do like dog-piles. So the real diplomacy in this game is not to paint yourself as target, and to gain your fair share during feasts on other AIs.- AI knows how to develop their economy. So you need to know it, too. That's why I complain about not enough documentation.- All those impressive AI are mostly done by a fan.In all, if you want a challenging 4x game without resorting to giving AI tons of bonuses, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,287580,10402569,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,jtw158,"I have been playing 4x games since the original Civilization. This one is a lot of fun, it looks like Civ V and many other clone style games, and while it certainly has similarities to all of them it stands on its own.I might just be really bad, but this game is hard, I have played 3 games now and lost all 3 by being destroyed either by civs or the aliens. But I can't wait to play more."
76561198015338239,Not Recommended,287580,32378407,Posted: 12 June,all,syncopation,"I am a veteran of Civ Alpha Centauri, so I was interested in playing a more modern, similar game.What I found was an initially fun, space-themed, combat-oriented Civ IV-like game.However, while interesting, this game appears to lack depth and replay value."
76561198007240278,Recommended,287580,28114229,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Naburimannu,"A very guarded thumbs-up: nothing awesomely innovative, but it can hit that just-one-more-turn like a good TBS.The developers have improved AI balance from early reviews: Easy really isn't hard once you learn the game systems, but on higher difficulty levels I've been out-teched, I've been zerged, I've seen one AI militarily dominate two others while I'm playing a turtley game and then become economically unbeatable.Downsides, to me:* the midgame twist can get a bit samey, or be a little too highly random - sometimes I have to absorb 80% of the impact, other times I never see a single infestation.* it seems like it invites just a little more micromanagement than I'm interested in doing; if I'm rebalancing population allocations every time a city grows it slows down enough to lose my interest. Civ has the same kind of friction in high-level play, though, so this shouldn't be too surprising.* the technology *order* is random, but you get access to every technology every game, and I haven't seen a time after the first 50-100 turns where changing the depth of a tech in the tree made a huge difference. Perhaps this becomes more of an issue with high-difficulty slow-game-speed play? At standard speed and low to mid tech, I've never been able to have a default technology build order, but I've been able to find a standard preferred set of troop types and usually deploy the same kinds for most of the game."
76561198043221198,Recommended,287580,12620903,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Necromaster,"Do you like Civilization?  Specifically did you like civilization 4?  Because this is just Civ 4 in space with some shiny awesome bells and whistles, and a bunch of new features that add depth.  But the core gameplay, if you liked civ 4 you will like pandora.  Also the game has this weird sort of story that unfolds as you advance in tech, not to mention really cool backstories for all the characters/ factions.  Anyway that's about it its a good game, very complex and interesting, almost as replayable as civilization, though not quite.  Still if you want 100+ hours of gameplay from every game you buy, then you will get your money's worth if you like Turn Based Strategy.If your wondering about how much i played, I bought this as well as Rome Total War at the same time, but if that wasn't the case I probably would have played it quite a bit more."
76561198131926054,Recommended,287580,17273980,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Xeinar dies a lot - ITA,"8/10A very, very good 4x game. The AI was recently rewritten by a fan and now playing against CPU factions is HARD. I have a lot of experience in 4x games, but I lost badly my first two matches at medium level.It is not perfect: there is still room for improvement on some aspects:- AI and neutral aggression could be more developed and sometimes attacks are not well cohordinated, but as I said a fan is deeply working on this)- the UI could be more polished, especially in the diplomatic and city panels (still the futuristic touch is beautiful).On the other side, the game is really addicting and you'll be affected by the ""one more turn"" syndrome for sure. AI is really competent and will give you headaches to beat it.I can only reccommend it."
76561197991243175,Not Recommended,287580,29726228,Posted: 5 February,all,Xebec,"I really wish there was a 'partial recommendation' sideways thumb..  That's how i'd rate this game.You will love this game if:- You're itching for a straightforward civilization style game, or have not played a turn-based strategy in a while.You will probably not like this game if:- You're looking for complex / deep strategy (as found in Stellaris, Sins of a Solar Empire, etc)You will be bored of this game if:- You've played a number of other turn-based strategy games recently.  I definitely prefer Civ: Beyond earth over this for the 'alien experience', and found myself bored playing a 'thinner' version of this game.I'm going to vote this thumbs down for my personal review, but others may enjoy this."
76561198031189383,Recommended,287580,32899495,Posted: 27 June,all,nerdchieftain,"Definitely a refreshing title in 4x titles.    This is a new favorite for me.  This takes Civ-like games, beautifully simplifies and creates innovations in game play.This game resembles Civ V, with the major twist that is set on a new world as we colonize the stars.  In this way, the technology is mostly futuristic.  The game makes a few changes to the formula, proving that simple is better.* Much fewer troops and cities.This simplification makes the game faster, but doesn't seem to hurt the fun.* Random tech trees.While there is some consistency throughout the tech trees, the technology level and prerequisites are all random.  So for example, you can get tanks on tier 3 and jets on tier 4, although they will likely be higher.  This means every game and each game's strategies are varied.* Operations are constructed.Instead of World Wonders, you can build operations that have a global impact.  Other operations include building up troop experience, or orbital bombardments.* Small troop types, deep and rich syste.Instead of many different troops, there is a small number of base combat  troop types : , infantry, tanks, mechs, aircraft, watercraft.  From these basic types, you can add different weapons and modules (choice one of each) and armor level reflected by your technology.  This allows a multitude of different roles.* Combat is streamlined.  Your troop type and equipment determine power and defense.  As health % drops, your power drops in kind.There are a few gripes of course.* If the you are the first player  that an AI meets, it will be friendly and like you and declare war on you almost immediately, just cause that's the game logic.* As with most 4x, war is a necessity and a requirement for victory.* Alliances are almost impossible to forge (as they should be), but you or the AI can break them at any time, sort of defeating the purpose.  Moreover, it seemed to be bugged.  The AI would cycle through allying with me, then swing back to war, and then allying again.  Very odd."
76561198041924801,Recommended,287580,12104043,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Holy Athena,"This game isn't for the faint of heart.Having been a long time 4x fan and player, I did what I always do. Go in, set it all on normal/medium difficulty, and expect to wreck the AI as I learn the game.... Nope....I got my rear handed to me by the random wandering monsters... Yea.... In-fact I didn't even meet an AI before I had to restart. This game is not a walk in the park.But that's a good thing!You see, in this game.. you gotta actually think and learning as you go, at least on normal probably won't net you a win.The game isn't graphically amazing, but the mechanics, and game-play make up for it once you get into it. The randomization of the tech tree grants you a chance at strategy every new game, along with the new layout of the map.Oh yea, and customizing units is a must to match what you expect them to be doing.. There isn't a 1 size fits all for perfection."
76561198079436548,Recommended,287580,10324830,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Fraustratedcheese,"This game is really good I like the fact that the research changes with every game you play but on an negative point there are not enough factions and the AIs are a liltle to opSome other things that would be cool if each faction was more indivduilzed such as you could choose the faction leader that suits you by that I mean each leader of the faction u choose will have their own states at waht they specilaize in and what they are bad at, change the color of it,have a special unit for each one such as the solar dynasty could have a speacial mechinzed unit the holy faction could have crusader type units except with guns and waht not and the millitarist faction could have a spec ops unit and so on and so fourth, more thing is that each faction also have their own unique weapons and finally you could captrue technology from enemy cities you capOne more thing I would like to add is that the Solar dynasty seems to produce mechinzed units slower than most of the other factions the millitary faction i undersatnd is faster but how can the hippy,holy,science and economy factions should not produce mechinzed units faster"
76561198025578181,Recommended,287580,14134947,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,timviars,"Not amazing, but recommended.  If you enjoy the civ games and are looking for something different, go for it!  Lots of aspects are straight rip offs, but game play strategy can wind up working out very different.Pros:The way cities share reasources, they can be very focused and maximize outputCustomization of units is seriously coolComplete teraforming control with tech treerandom tech treeCons:AI is seriously bad...  helps while learning but once figured out their weaknesses are very easy to exploit.  Most annoying part is the preference to build lots of weak units rather than strong ones.  Agressive factions seem to always beat passive ones AI on AI.Certainly not as polished as Sid gameLack of game informationDiplomacy is lackingAgents just end up being super annoying.  Can totally be abused too.Plenty to be said about it, but for 30$ or less, good fun"
76561198115146812,Recommended,287580,25048532,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,BigRedHulk,"Great game, one of my top 5 (4X) games.  I like it better than Civ:BE.  It is more war based than anything else.  The randomized tech tree can be a positive and negative.  It makes each game that much more different, but can also hinder you advancement.Personally, I play 4X's for the battles and wars, not the dialogue, treaties, or tech wins.  So this game does what I want it to do. Hours of turn based battles again both alien life and other leaders.  Battles are done really well and city management is also done in a clean way.  Just manage your citizens and you should be fine."
,Recommended,287580,12703781,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,vinco,"I was pleasantly surprised by Pandora.  Having played Civ:BE now, I have to say that Pandora did several things better, from the threat posed by the world to unit design.  I can even see merits in the Pandora tech tree concept.  The unit designer is also a nice plus.  Spying really needs a rework, though.  Overall, grab this one on sale, and enjoy."
,Recommended,287580,16392565,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SpuriousTuple,"TL;DR: Is this game a just a cheap copy of Civ: Beyond Earth? No, it's better.I'm only a couple of hours into my first game, and I already know that this is a game I will spend a lot of time with.First off, yes, it looks alot like Civ: Beyond Earth. The Civ games are what got me into the 4X genre, though not until Civ 4, so I'm a little late to the party. I played Civ: Beyond Earth for a few hours during a free weekend. And, like most, I wasn't very impressed.The first thing I noticed that sets this game apart from Civ games is the city management. I really like how I can arrange my population to focus on producing food, minerals, science, and production. If I need to produce some units quickly, I can ramp down science, minerals, or food temporarly and focus on production. Then ramp production down when needed. This makes it easy to balance your economy.I also like how you can upgrade units to have better weapons and defenses. Galactic Civilizations and some other 4X games allow this, but IMO upgrading your units can get way too complicated. Unit customization and upgrading in Pandora: First Contact isn't nearly as complicated. Though this may come as a con to some of the more hardcore 4X players.Another difference is that the tech tree is randomized. I'm only on my first game, so I'm not sure how much this really effects things. If I hadn't known that the tech tree is randomized, I probably wouldn't have noticed.I'll update this review as I progress though my games."
76561198106013105,Recommended,287580,11967575,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Galactic Origins,"Pandora: First ContactWell I have played two games now. This game is a simplified Civilization. Here are some thoughts:1. Tile improvements. There is only one improvement of each type. So no irrigation or railroads. Very nice and simple. Also, population is not placed on the map in the city screen. Very easy to run cities.2. Design units. Units may be designed and older units refitted. Pretty neat. Choices are Gun, Armor and Special for each unit type. Units are not tied to cities and only have low cost gold upkeeps.3. Projects instead of wonders. These are neat Once 'built' the project applies to your nation.4. Universal Food, Minerals, Research and Gold. Yep, everything is shared. Population growth is based on Growth of each city and does not count city food.  Except  morale, it is city-specific.5. No Research Item Trading. YAY! This stops the AI from catching up to the player. Only research points are involved in 'trades'. Same with money. (but there are diplomacy gifts).Pandora does not take too long to play. I use Slow pace and each game was 10-12 hours long. I had research victories both times, but was close to a military victory in the second game. (I tend to avoid wars, they are messy. My wars are also short. As in over. :) ) Graphics are pretty good. The game is more concentrated on city buildings and fighting. Oh, there are also some neat events within the game, mainly dealing with the local bugs and some space invaders. Overall, Pandora is really neat. I like it WAY better than Civ games.Sci-Fi theme. Units are really neat, as are the technologies."
,Recommended,287580,19762711,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,werewookiee,"Had a bit of trouble getting it to run at first, but after a reboot it works perfectly on Windows 7 x64.I honestly prefer it over Civ: New Earth.Be aware the AI is incredibly aggressive and at a certain point in the game if the other AIs think you are weak they WILL declare war on you."
76561197966721701,Recommended,287580,13865019,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Father Ribs,"Short review:Compared to Civ:BE since that's the closest analog:  I was looking for a game with more ""feel"".  I wanted to land on a planet that felt alien, that had many and monstrous aliens.  I wanted to have hordes of infantry trying to hold back mountain-sized behemoths and leviathans swallowing my ships in one gulp.  This game has that feel.  The world is alien.  The gameplay is different enough that it will take a little bit of time to optimize your play compared to the more traditional Civ:BE.  If I had to choose between the two, right now I'd pick this one.  Immersion > polish...at least while aliens (and Aliens) have a significant presence.There are some cons though; spies are cheap and can be pretty powerful (you can easilly scout an enemy's ENTIRE empire with one easy to do scout mission to one city anywhere in the world?).  There is no traditional manual:  yes, there's a book full of backstory, but there are no. rules. anywhere.  There isn't even a decent wiki and compared to other 4x games out there hard info is difficult to find, so optimizing your play will be difficultOverall, if you need the 4x on a distant planet game, I would tip my hat to this one."
,Recommended,287580,12424717,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,nanO.bytez,"This is more of a first impression than a review. Quite a lot of the in game time steam recorded is actually just idling while the launcher was still open.Pandora: First Contact is a turn based strategy game that tries to revive Sid Meier's Alpha Centaury, strapping it over a modern framework. At that it succeeds.. mostly. While the UI is certainly a lot more user-friendly than that Alpha Centaury had, you'd often like some more information about the progress of your empire.While the visuals are objectively a straight upgrade form it's spiritual predecessor it still doesn't look all that up to date with some blurry terrain meshes here and there or textures that could have used just a little more polishing. It runs perfectly fine though, at least for me, with a steady framerate even later in the game with much more stuff to process.It features a quite expansive, randomized techtree that'll take quite a lot of time to get through to the end and while you can customize your units with different waepons, armor and devices the tiered, straight nature of the techtree leaves you with little suprises. New weapons are always just a better version of previous ones with just x more damage, nothing fancy.Diplomacy is rather bare bones as well with not all that much different options and not always your rivals react reasonable to your actions. You may nuke half of the planet and Mrs. Harmony-and-save-the-planet doesn't give a damn while Lady Religious-Fanatic even though you nuked the warmongering Imperium (which they were at war with as well). Said Imperium declared war on first contact on me by the way. I mean.. they are warmongers and don't like anyone but.. that's quite extreme. I played as the Solar Dynasty, sort of China in space - highly productive, fast growing but reckless which results in a lot more pollution. (save-the-planet liked me though...)In general the different ideologies don't seem to matter all that much. You pick a faction with fixed strengths and weaknesses and stick with that; no policy system as Civ 5 had for example. Not even the social engineering Alpha Centaury had is present in any way.They added espionage with their latest DLC along with water-tile improvements and some other interesting but ultimately not that relevant content. Espionage is... well, it works though it's not half as powerfull as you might think as agents are treated as regular units on the map. The way they work is best compared to the privateer unit in Civ 5. They show up as factionless units on the map and may attack empires you are not at war with without consequences though they lack the power to be effective at that. In fact they are easily killed even by the most basic infantry unit. IF they can get to a city though, they may be quite rewarding, based on the economical or scientific strength of your rivals. The only way to be able to get to a city for me so far had been to send a stack of 4 or more agents to a city and just hope they don't get stomped on on their way there - quite costly in production.All that little flaws put aside that are inherent to games with a very limited budget it still is a solid game. Solid economy-system, solid combat, solid visuals, solid techtree, a good UI and enough things threatening your fledgeling empire to keep you constantly on edge at least up until late midgame.For the low price you'll get 20-30 hours of fun and addictive ""just one more turn"" gameplay, if not more.It may not have the depth of the original Alpha Centauri or the refined looks and gameplay of Civ 5 but, at least until Civilization: Beyond Earth is released, it serves as a rocksolid civ game with sci-fi based setting of which there aren't all that many around.Fun, addictive, good looking if a little bare boned - Recommended."
76561198084339735,Recommended,287580,18376001,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Valicanna,"If you liked Alpha Centauri you'll like this one. An amazing 4x game. One of my favorite features is that the tech tree is slightly randomized giving each playthrough a different strategy. Oh and it's not a play nice with the AI type of game, if you see them crush them :D"
,Recommended,287580,11046182,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Cornelius V. Osmond,"What if civilization would not end at flying to space, but rather starting at this point? What if you could mix in elements of survival and epic future technologies, with a randomized tech-tree to keep it fresh? Pandora: First Contact tries to answer all that, and while missing some depth in elaborating on its key ideas, as well as real historical roots, the game manages to answer in its own, unique style that is keeping me interested. This, while having explored only two (one and a half) of the factions' unique playstyles for now."
76561198048420683,Not Recommended,287580,31884696,Posted: 21 May,all,Atlas Phoenix,"This game is sort of a Civ:BE clone with somethings better and some things worse.Good:The fact that you're actually able to stack units for more realistic combat.Also there's some minor equipment customization options which are nice; you can customize certain units to be specific counters to other units.  You can have AA and AV tanks, instead of just 1 tank.Graphics look nice and there's a reasonable amount of detail put into the game play.But:The is geared toward war, but you're fighting an unfair opponent.  The NPC factions will just unit spam you, seemingly able to churn out units in 1 production turn.  Then when the other NPC faction comes they'll just wreck everything anyway.Small enemy units are able to produce massive unrealistic damage against larger units, making it hard to sustain an offensive with an army of superior units.  Doesn't matter what your tech or unit level, that little cluster of basic infantry is going to bring them to a halt - constantly healing and never advancing. This mechanic just encourages the spam of orbital bombardment to kill clusters of enemies..which is made pointless by the fact that the NPC will do it to you too.  This leads to having 2 opposing armies standing face to face healing while waiting for the next bombardment to come...At the end of the day, it doesn't matter what this game does right when the core game play systems are flawed.  It had promise, and maybe if they make an xpac or sequel that fixes some of these idiotic flaws it could be a good game.  Get it on sale, try it out, maybe you'll have fun with it, but don't expect much."
,Recommended,287580,34096498,Posted: 7 August,all,ProbleMatic,If civ beyond earth had a twin that was born first and was better at a lot of things but civ beyond earth had their own unique style and way of things
,Recommended,287580,10623169,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Alliedwar,"Decent Alpha Centauri clone with a few new ideas. Some of the execution is a little off and each Civ not having unique units or abilities kind of makes it a little lacking, but for the most part it's an entertaining game."
76561198073920120,Recommended,287580,10385633,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Seth Kriticos,"I'm really enjoying this game so far (second playthrough) and I'll probably be spending quite some more time with it until Beyond Earth comes out for Linux. It is a nice Civ/AC like game. Not as intricate, but all the important stuff is there. It leans a bit on the micro-management heavy side. You have to build every section of a road by hand and if an alien steps on one of your fields, you can rearange your citizens again to the way it was before. The AI is not the smartest, but it does OK. End of complaints list. There are a few nice lategame challenges and the hostile environment pushes you to militarize early. It's pretty stable, I had only one crash so far and it saves each turn, so that's fine.This is a really nice game. If you like Civ/AC, you'll pobably like this too."
76561198076911749,Recommended,287580,11063965,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Norkan,"A very good 4x game, reminds of civ and for you who is waiting for beyond earth or is an old fan of alpha centuari this is the game for you.In many ways this game is like civ, but there are many diffrences and its also those that make me like this game:* Universal stockpile for your whole empire* A workshop where you can edit your units for your needs* A randomized tech tree (just simply brilliant)* The aliens and most of all: the messari invasion (total gamechanger)This maybe doesnt give much help as you havnt played the game yet. I suggest you google, watch some ""lets play"" or tutorials and you will see what im talking about."
,Recommended,287580,10383754,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Spiral,"I completely love this game!As a major Civ V player, I have a lot of love in these build-your-nation turn based games.But after you buy all the DLC and play CIV for so long, it starts to get boring. Mods are helpful, yes, but the difficulty in getting them to work with multiplayer and just the bad modding API ruins that.Introduce Pandora: First Contact.Completely new content, and different-yet-similar features to Civ bring this game above Civ V. I enjoy having the new methods of playstyle that come with this game.If you enjoy games such as Civ V, then I would recommand this in an instant!"
76561198090513001,Recommended,287580,10473654,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Kosher212,This game has a lot of potential as an alternative to the more expensive CIV series
76561198022859266,Recommended,287580,18110432,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,RCG,I like it various things can take you by suprise even if you expect them.
,Recommended,287580,12314893,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Broken Knuckles,"The game has a lot of potential, however the AI seems to have a mind of it own and your strongest and most trustworthy ally can turn against you in one turn.Resource production on each city seems to do whatever it likes, no matter how many times you change it to suit your current needs...I believe its default setting is STARVATION!I do enjoy the game, it reminds me of the fun i used to have back in the days of CIV 2 and Alpha Centauri (CIV 2 was my first CIV game and therefore new and exciting at the time).I hope the few problems this game has are ironed out soon as I do thoroughly enjoy it...I just hope it doesn't get overshadowed by its already popular rival CIV: Beyond Earth.I believe this game will miss out on many sales due to the imminent release of CIV:BE and it's asking price (almost that of its formidable and (normally) brilliant rival).It's hard to say if it's worth the money at the moment, as there are many good aspects of the game; Unfortunately the diplomatic and economic aspects of the game are nowhere near the grade you'd expect.I'll probably play this until I buy CIV: BE (probably next payday)... I doubt I'll play much after though."
76561198031273567,Recommended,287580,21559996,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,HawkofChiron,"This game feels more like Alpha Centauri than  CiV-BE  does!  Just in that fact alone, I would reccomend it to anyone that loved AC and its add-on Alien Crossfire."
76561198029737538,Recommended,287580,15497802,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Pungee,"Actually quite enjoyable. A lot of depth, I like the randomized tech tree as it allows for serious differences in tech/military between empires/playthroughs. Some of the high level techs are a wee bit OP, like the black hole generator - seriously, it kind of defeats the purpose of having armies.But, yeah, it's a fun game and it's not the sort of thing you'll play once and drop. I'd have more hours logged but this thing sucks up time like nobody's business so I have to be careful or else I find myself losing an entire weekend to it."
76561198027541845,Recommended,287580,16310110,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Napean,"A great game.Obligatory comparison to Civ: BE - Pandora has more depth, less glitz."
76561198042851499,Recommended,287580,21272687,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Dragonsheepling,"Pandora is one hell of a Hard Game. And its realistic on its very own way too. The AI is Incredebly strong and you definetly get into high and large problems if you not exactly know what you are doing ... got a theory of what each of the Other Player AI's are Doing and what the Inhabitants are doing and the Invaders. Its one Hell big and chaotic mess wich realy let the Round based Strategy games Shine to its Glory (Those wich are in Hex ... like Cartan or Civ). Actualy this game realy wants you to get involved and do stuff. You need to be strong basicly eveywhere and wherever your weakness is the AI comes and uses it in punishing way just to make you stronger ... seriously sice i played this game even the Harder difficulties of Civ V for example are easy and thats said by a Casual so ... i recomend this game cuz its good, its hard, and its realistic in its own very way."
76561198039501412,Recommended,287580,10542023,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Waeyr,"This game is similar to a hardcore civillization 5, but every single player game, one AI always declare war on you no matter what your relations are with them."
76561198031712524,Recommended,287580,11240960,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,clearhope,"I have owned every CIV released on the retail market in the US. So, I was very reluctant to buy another 4x game. But, my latest CIV kept running flakey when my forces got too large in the endgame, so I was jonesing for a 4x that I could play until the ""bitter end"".After reading some early reviews that stated the alien fauna would kill you before you could build a decent ""civlization"" (wink, wink), I put off buying Pandora. Well, I don't know if they patched those problems or the early reviewers just did not have the patience to deal carefully enough with the alien bogies. The current game is hours and hours and hours of playability!I never thought that I would find a 4x game that would outCiv CIV, but Pandora has stolen Sid's lunch.Besides being a wonderful multilayered strategy funfest, I LOVE the ARTWORK and game descriptor blurbs. The weapon forge/modify screen has some of the best/most novel art I have ever seen in any game. Great Art and very intelligent/funny story writing. Who knew a small independent developer could stand up to the long established companies? The next CIV release is going to have a mighty high bar to surpass in Pandora. Good luck with that CivDevTeam (heh!)TheScaryNurseFromHell"
76561197970645163,Recommended,287580,11250181,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Roy Calbeck,"While I'm recommending this --- for $30, it's a damn fine game --- be advised, this is largely a clone of Sid Meier's classic Alpha Centauri.  Also, I've only just finished my first complete playthrough, so my exposure so far has been relatively limited.That said, it's a VERY good clone.  The flow and strategic depth are definitely there, and the musical score is splendidly executed throughout.  I found myself thoroughly immersed in the old ""one-more-turn"" addiction that Sid perfected so long ago.THAT said, it has a few glaring flaws, mainly in its backstory and the factions resulting from it.  The story is ham-fisted, rooted deeply in the politics of the ecological left, taking itself deadly serious without a hint of irony or humor.  The result is a series of events leading to colonization which make zero sense.  Despite lacking the resources to maintain a massive population, and despite warfare that should kill off millions if not billions (it goes full-WMD at one point), the narrative demands that human population levels actually increase so as to ensure an overcrowded planet.The result is that every faction EXCEPT the ecologists are thoroughly stereotypical.  Playing as the militant, for example, I found that suggesting a trade pact involved selling ""huggable doll-mines"".  For children.  Parody?  Nope, it's played completely straight-faced.  And the game is LOADED with similar dialogue... except for the ecologists.  For example, when given a gift of credits due to our Generous diplomatic relationship, I was told ""this is so you'll hopefully chop down fewer trees"".  There are one or two mentions of ecoterrorism, but it's very much dialed back and representative of real-world incidents as opposed to something as over-the-top as ""doll-mines"".Aside from this dissonant style of characterization, though, it's an excellent game, well-worth your shekels if you liked anything the Civilization series ever produced.  I just hope the Steam modding community develops custom factions soon."
,Recommended,287580,13725863,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gixin,"So lets get this out of the way: Yes, it is very similar to Beyond Eath. Yes, you should get it. No, it isn't just a cheap knockoff.Some of you might think I am comparing apples to oranges here, but this game tops Beyond Earth in nearly every category.This is a good game that will unfortunately not get the publicity it deserves."
,Recommended,287580,18698021,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Zinda,"a solid game with minor bugs (negative pollution? wat?).air units have civ2 mechanics. mehespionage sort of sucks. I hate having to look around the map for enemy spies to kill.aliens pose a threat up to midgame. They can be tamed.Otherwise, the gameplay is solid (citizen management is largely inspired by Master of Orion).7/10. a definite buy on sale."
76561197993698924,Not Recommended,287580,29560253,Posted: 29 January,all,wolfling,"It's not a horrible game, I've played through, I may eventually play once more. Some day.The problem with the game is, it's Sid Mayer's Alpha Centaury. With worse balancing. With fewer (though otherwise almost identical) factions. Without civics that would make the factions and the way they play truly unique. With the story of the planet removed.It plays like decent civilization clone in interesting alien settings, but pacing is off, often leaving me with nothing to do, cities having all the buildings and spamming units I have little use for. In the second half of the game, a mysterious race arrives that's probably supposed to lead to epic fight for survival of mankind. Well, in my game, it didn't - I've easily destroyed the few units that came visit and computer players wiped out the rest.So my accusation towards the game is not that it's fundamentally broken in any way. It's mediocre. It didn't make me play it second time. It made me find the installion of SMAC and play that instead. And I'm very happy I've got the game in sale with large discount, because for full price, I'd really feel ripped off."
,Recommended,287580,10403801,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,bogthing,Yes! CIV in spase.
76561198042888760,Recommended,287580,26452147,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mc,"Pandora is great 4X game in sci-fi setting, greatly inspired by Alpha Centaury but different enough to give it it's own flavour. It offers true sci-fi feeling thanks to powerful but balanced abilities like orbital scanning/bombardment early game and nukes/black-holes/massive orbital deployment mid-late game. You can't achieve this by modding CIV as the mechanics are not there. It is not as complex as CIV, but thanks to this it has faster pace so the average game will not take that long (but you can play huge marathon if you want it slow). Last but far from least, it actually has challenging AI, so you can get interesting game even against AI without bonuses, which is very rare these days. You should definitely get the Eclipse of Nashira expansion which includes the improved AI and also adds new interesting event to the game.GOOD- operations (new concept which is done very well)- challenging AI- dynamic interesting games (much less likely than CIV to end up in constant ""End turn"" clicks)- definite ""one more turn"" feel- music, but could use more tracks- graphics is OK even if not stellar- story/lore/background information for each faction is rich and interesting- factions are unique with quite powerful abilities or penalties to offer different approach (but seem to be balanced quite well)BAD- victory progress is not communicated well, e.g. you have no clue what to do to achieve scientific or economic victory from the in-game information- one late game ability (EMP-blackout) possibly doesn't work (not sure though)Note about AIAI doesn't role-play and even the most pacifist faction will back-stab and eliminate you if it feels it is strong enough for it. If you are too weak or too strong, the AI's might all pick you as target. This is intended and expected from competitive play (good players would do the same). But it somewhat dilutes the great back-stories invented for each faction. It would be nice if there were 2 modes, one competitive (current one) and one role-play (were factions follow their agendas, e.g. ecologist would be pacifist, growing forests and preserving fungus, despite it being non-optimal approach)."
,Recommended,287580,11268896,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DrJacob,VERY FUN and tip for mid game prepare the human mechs witha lot of formers (3-5) because the messari are very OP and the beacons leave infestation that spread 3 turns i belive. and overall 8 out of 10 for the beta that is.
76561198109251143,Recommended,287580,11150401,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Suicidal,"I think this game is good on both Mac and Windows platforms and gives high quality game experience, graphics and gameplay. I recommend this to not only the people who like strategy games but to everyone because this game is excellent and deserves attention."
,Recommended,287580,10547130,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Bambiki,this is good gam
76561198021632658,Recommended,287580,12193210,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Gates,"Pandora is it's own game.The similarities start and end at civilization management.  Everything else, combat, units, tech, environment, and nameless other points are handled in a new, unique and god dang it interesting way.Pandora doesn't have barbarians, it has aliens that react to your presence.  It's more like a global city state and they are relevant not just at the beginning but through the game as a strong PvE element.  Cities share resources on a much deeper level, even citizens are shared.  Cities must specialize in their production to be successful.  Armies are much more customizable where units are player specific, not civilization specific.These are just a few mechanics but there are a great number of examples for why this game is unique and worth your time.  It's not some half realized game riding on civilizations back, it's entirely unique."
76561198051751656,Recommended,287580,30461866,Posted: 11 March,all,Varlokkur314,"I haven't yet completed a full game, but I wanted to pitch in an early review just to praise the developers for the quality of the writing in this game.  Each faction is described beautifully, and there are brief 'stories' in the compendium that are genuinely worth reading, independent of their connection to the gameplay.  The game itself is really polished so far, and I like how your cities are able to 'build' projects like field training, which have effects in the world, rather than just an endless queue of building after building as is typical in Civilization.Comparisons to Alpha Centauri or Beyond Earth are inevitable, and I think Pandora holds up well (I actually prefer it over Beyond Earth); however, I think it's also an attractive game for fans of Endless Legend.I'll revisit this review after I've logged more hours."
76561198090638224,Not Recommended,287580,25809684,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,The-Cakeiest-Cake,"so, lets beginproes:-alien attacks, you need to work togheter to fight em off (not always)-wildlife will become hostile after some time-outfit troops yourself-nice soundtrackcons:-AI dont know how diplomacy works-ai will attack you, the be your best riend, then attack you while praising you under 6 turns-ai can win after being eliminated (ai won a military vic, after its faction was take out during era 1)-alliance wont help you, ai will only ask you, never accept. and when they ask they got 1 city left-ai will spam orbital bombarment-full on nuclear war does nothing mayor-you cant ask for peaceso, it might be fun if your only play with friends and ditch the aiif you want a singleplayer game though, prepare to be dissapointed"
76561197977010468,Recommended,287580,26376502,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Obsidian Shadow,I have enjoyed this game so much I made a Steam guide for it. It plays quite differently from previous popular civilization games but you are in for quite a challenge and I hope my guide will help you prevail.I totally agree with the review by Benjin May 31 2014I found graphics attractive and music very appropriate. Good lore and artwork.  Lots of work and creativity went into this game and players who enjoy 4X turn-based strategy should have many hours of fun with it. I have not had any crashes or bugs during 40+ hrs of gameplay. (rare to find stable new games these days eh?)Do not let nostalgia for  the Alpha Centauri masterpiece prevent you from trying out this worthwile game.Also please upvote my review if you enjoy my Steam guide so more people can enjoy this game improve their gameplay and avoid catastrophic defeat.https://steamcommunity.com/app/287580/guides/
,Recommended,287580,10377045,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,SirDayton,"If you like playing Civ 5, you are going to love playing this game. It takes what Civ 5 has and adds some more stuff. I just bought it and played 3 hours straight."
76561197962033347,Recommended,287580,10380004,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kelxin,"Enjoying the game overrall, but having issues with it crashing every single world that I play for over an hour (which every game thats been worth it has been).(This is with 16GB of ram, i7 4770, that never crashes on any other game)."
,Recommended,287580,10378100,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,[SVFT] Majored Laxness,"If youve ever played Alpha Centuri and wanted a modern remake of the game then here it is. Very good, lots of replayability but can be a bit of a grind sometimes: like all civ games."
76561198017794652,Recommended,287580,10461644,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Rymns,"Não tão completo como o Civilization, e o jogo pode se tornar um tanto desbalanceado para jogadores não familiarizados com jogos de estratégia. Mas no geral vale a pena."
,Recommended,287580,10557834,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ebassi,"if you liked Sid Meyer's Alpha Centauri, then you'll definitely like Pandora."
76561198009224380,Recommended,287580,16567465,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Flagritz,Great Game - a nice city management system and an interesting world to explore - recommended :)
76561198134218820,Recommended,287580,16456050,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,redvsblue19,This game is really fun if you have friend but it is still fun alone it will be hard at first but you will get a hang of it and have a blast. The game itself looks amazing and I like how it is really tactical and how you should not put all your eggs in one basket sort of thing it can make you hate your friends but to be honest most games will do that so yeah great game and really worth it.
76561198018717242,Recommended,287580,12192587,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Philosfr,"If you like Civ but want something more futuristic, this is a pretty good buy. One of the better Civ clones I've played (and I've played a lot). Has enough different features to make it feel like a different game of the same ilk. Orbital bombardments and super weapons galore.I found the AI pretty easy on Medium for my first game. They played decently with the exception of their choice of units. They spammed lots of low level infantry even towards the end game. Mixed with orbital bombardments and the giant walkers I had, it made them very little threat. Looking forward to trying it on harder difficulties and see how the AI does."
76561198055515023,Not Recommended,287580,14600377,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TheQuixote,"This game has a lot of potential but is almost completely ruined by the espionage units.Being able to defend your border from espionage is singe most important factor to this game. You can have the largest empire, but if you have multiple neighbors and no natural choke points you're a goner. You either build a wall of units surrounding your empire or get nickled and dimed to death from an endless stream over powered spies that can travel from out sight to your cities in one move.On the flip side, if the terrain favors you, you can take out an empire with two spies. Just send them in every turn and take their research. Over time you will overwhelm them with superior technology. Hell, letting an enemy take one of your cities just to get an easy espionage target is a game winner."
,Recommended,287580,16112130,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Edelweiß,Between this and Sid Meier's Beyond Earth - I would probably still go with this.
,Not Recommended,287580,22194265,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Scanner,"4X games are hit-and-miss with me. In this one, the AI is just confused. In only a few turns I had (something like) the AI terminate a trade agreement and request peace, in the following turn praising me and a non-agression pact, and a few turns later at war again. Swapping between war and peace in similar ways throughout the game, without any attacks and building units to keep in their one city to defend.The worst and most incoherent AI that I've come across, and while the game isn't worth playing beyond the one or two hours I've given it, if I have it I will probably give the game some more of my time this afternoon because I'm struggling to believe it was really as bad as I witnessed. Like rubber-necking a bad car accident."
76561197969138297,Recommended,287580,19806146,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Crispin,"Excellent scifi civ like game, with enough unique features to stand on it's own."
76561198095288984,Recommended,287580,11059452,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Cannon Fodder,WARNING: playing this game may lead to*several hours of gameplay*some of the best gameplay ever*did i also say several hours of gameplay?
,Recommended,287580,10682459,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Captain 'Murrica,"Is it SMAC? No. Does that really matter? Not at all.As its own game, this is an enjoyable TBS. Its different from SMAC and Civ5, and that's the only real reason it gets down-voted. It looks good, plays well, has its own mechanics and works flawlessly on several platforms straight out of the box.Its actually an all round good game and easily worth its average price tag."
,Recommended,287580,10690135,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BulletMagnetEd,"If you're a fan of Civilization V and Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri, then you'll love this game. It's like a mashup of the two games with some nods to other games like StarCraft. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,287580,10835678,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Full Metal Jess,Always loved the Civilisation games and while this isn't one of the actual series you can really see they took a lot of inspiration from Alpha Centauri. If you enjoy the 4X Turn Based Genre then I'd recommend giving this a try!
,Recommended,287580,10949162,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nitron,A turn base strategy game that gives you a  challenge.This game will try to kill you.
,Recommended,287580,11103067,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Rogue Prince,"this is a game that follows some aspects of civilization very well, its harder than civ 5 by far aliens are dangerous in early games the second era has even tougher enemys, the other factions have there sights on you too, some are more agressive than others and can really screw you over if you let them push you around, the other thing that is not like civ 5 is that one city can not support you you will need 4 or more that the magic number from what i found."
76561198044004649,Recommended,287580,11041423,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Wormofsand,"You can compare this game to Alpha Centari till you're blue in the face and you won't be far off.  For everyone that has waited for a sequal to that amazing game, Pandora is pretty much it.As for the game it's self, it's great.  It plays just like any civiliation game out there.  The neutral enemies are actually hard and if you set the aggression to high and♥♥♥♥♥♥them off, they will wipe you off the map.  Also the randomized tech tree is a welcome addition.The only complaint I have is the names they gave the minerals in this game, isogen, mexallon and nocxium.  For those us that play EVE Online, those names should sound familiar.  I was half expecting to find megacite or zydrine as well.  This however is a minor critisim and doen't detract from the game."
76561198084798879,Recommended,287580,11457770,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,El Cumbanchero,"I know you know about civ, this is like it. But it is different enough to be a fun game. Absolutely amazing. 8/10"
,Recommended,287580,10783815,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Futurium,"Let me first say that I can not launch it from Steam. Though that did not discourage me to not try to play. I contacted customer support and even made a very useless Steam (seperate) account (for the steam support program, of course). The support team is awesome, and answered me whitin minutes. Though they asked me for log files, I am a computer noob and didn't know how to find it. None a less, what I did to get it working was simply, just using the .exe file and creating a destop shortcut etc.Just like Civ V(which I've played for quite a while), it's one of those games where you always want to come back to. It's very additive in a good way, I spend at least 2-6 hours per session.I'll start of by saying the game is indeed pretty hard, even on Very Easy(AI suffers a slight advantage) I constantly get attacked by the Imperium(playable faction), or any other big war mongering faction, before the aliens attack me, at which the aliens are also on Very Easy(less tough, and travels less far). The farthest era I have made it to is the Transcdence era. At which I got destroyed by 2 factions attacking me at once, one with almost 4 groups of 30-50 power in total, other lesser groups with 10-20. I defintely toke a screenshot of this, at which you can see on my profile :P.I'll finish up by just talking about some other things I like as well as some suggestions. It's cool how each playthrough there are randomized tech trees, making it less repitive. I have encountered a bug where on the main menu, well there wasn't a menu...not a big thing, but only one I have noticed. The main things I would like to see is the Very Easy diffuctly, actually being very easy, not Medium(where the AI gets a slight advantage). Last thing I can think about wanting is more maps, there is only 2 or 3 I think currently, and no Workshop either to download maps as I am aware. Overall I'll give the game 8.8/10"
76561198041348596,Recommended,287580,10673044,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,tnekkent,"First thoughts after playing for a week.  Yes conceptually it is similar to A.C. but is different enough to be worth it.  Took a bit to get the hang of game play as the automated picks for city growth and production played absolutely wrong for me.So list of things to be improved in game play to make the game better:1. More control of how automated growth AI chooses for my cities.  I am constantly haveing to go through every city and reduce Food production in favor of minerals.  Very tedious eventually.  Similarly the AI picks grassland before forest, another bad choice.  I have huge food surplus but no production.  Either make it better or let me have other switches (mineral focus, food focus pollution reduction focus etc).2. Land improvements from Formers seem mostly waste of time.  I moved to playing (single player) with formers making forests almost everywhere (or fungus in late games) as they dont get destroyed, they give balanced food and minerals and reduce pollution.  Was the game designed to be eco friendly?  :)  Late in game when I have large numbers of troops (fast movers like planes) I can defend suburbs from destruction but early game I make no farms etc.  Sub note automated Formers are worthless.  So micro manage again to make them work right...3. Maybe a city production slot for upgrading/refitting troops instead of disbanding or cash instant upgrade.  So a city could take a number of turns doing no other production than refit of my tanks etc.Early game largest map I found that 2 cities are best to hold against waves of alien drones.  Turtle tactics on the huge map to hold out until you can voyage out with enough troops to break the nearest hives.  Only been playing a week though and only on easier settings with huge maps.  Though if you hold onto your 2 cities until growth and tech are good the drones are very easy.  The Mesari coming back to the planet is interesting but again if you hold tight turtle wise to your 5 or 6 cities you can hunker down and hold out until you again have enough tech and troops.So overall feelings:1. Too much micromanagement going on to optimize or play the game efficiently (as I like).  I can not let the city managed resources go the way they are programmed.  I am fighting against them and rebalancing them often.  Same with city land expansion picks.  As each city grows I have to go look immediatly to see if it picked pure food producing land yet again.2. The waves of ""barbarians"" are strong and reduce the chance of rush strategy attacks on huge maps which I love.  The drones and Mesari are the things rushing the humans instead of one human rushing to the win.  Makes play feel more frantic but not against the other humans which is cool.3. Not sure of real long term replay though.  Remember only a week playing so far though.As a turn based strategy game I recommend.  Could it be better?  Yes but games today are improved after release which makes me hopeful for continued play."
,Recommended,287580,34249546,Posted: 14 August,all,pluto lol,"I mean, its not terrible, but I do prefer Civ"
76561198006714827,Recommended,287580,10583063,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,StalinsPuppy,"So you like Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri... then this game is for you.While it lacks a tiny bit of the personality of the 4x classic, Pandora is fun, deep and Ron Jeremy Hard!Well worth a whirl if your bored of Civ5... also if you are a fan of the genre classic Master of Orion 2, the tech tree in this will seem pleasantly familiar."
,Recommended,287580,10505976,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Mad Moldy Pie's,"IT IS AWSOME, but look out it is hard on the beginner"
76561198085549652,Recommended,287580,10527034,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,bean machine,"Pandora is a harder version of CIV 5, its functions are good and the story line is great, definetly worth thr buy, for £22.99 you cant go wrong"
,Recommended,287580,10489405,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Marcus Antonius,"Nicely crafted Sci-fi 4X with a interesting background.Pros:1. Multiplayer that actually doesn't suck.2. Large Tech Tree.3. Unit Upgrading and modification.4. City management.5. Unit Stacking!6. Pollution management options.7. Aliens!8. Good replay value.Cons:1. The diplomacy system vs. AI players needs improvement.2. Only 6 factions. Needs more factions.3. Former automation can sometimes derp out and give unnecessary improvements.4. Limited choice of random maps (3 total).Overall:I am quite happy and addicted to this game. However, there could be some more improvements added, mostly in reference off the cons list."
76561198014818854,Recommended,287580,10509412,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Leopard,"Loved it, Great game, played it with 2 of my friends of mine, it was fun."
76561198098285962,Recommended,287580,15196746,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,writerleft,"TL;DR - Put this game in your cart and push the button that makes the cart send the game to your library in exchange for the dollars you have.  Do it for yourself; do it for the children.Why?  I've play Pandora quite a bit (150+ hours) and I think the game is fantastic.  Decent graphics, decent variety from game to game with a randomized, non-revealed tech tree that changes for each new game, and some interesting mechanics that make it differ from the 4x Gold Standard - Civ/Beyond Earth.  It's definitely 4x, but unlike what you're used to in Civ, there's basically one goal - kick everybody else's♥♥♥♥♥  The game does have concepts like  espionage, culture, diplomacy, research, and other misc. things that you'd expect to see in a 4x game, but unlike Civ, those features aren't geared towards using your wiley ways to strategize some sort of machiavellian victory - they're all geared towards boosting the size of your♥♥♥♥♥kicking boots.  This takes a bit to learn because the help files for the game are basically non-existent, and going into the game, you'll likely approach it with a ""Civ"" mentality - ""Lemmee build some farms and macro up for a while, then maybe I can go scout and have a skirmish here or there, blah blah blah..."".  If you try that in Pandora, you will promptly get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you.The game is a fighting-centric 4x game right out of the gate, and unlike Civ or BE, the aliens will give you a serious beat down for a good portion of the game - you can even take control of them and continue relying on them as attack units up through the late game...this is the result of having meaningful battle veterancy upgrades on your units that make each unit valuable and makes keeping your units alive for a long time a vital part of the gameplay.  This is noticeably different than Civ/BE where unit upgrades from battle veterancy don't really make or break the game - in Pandora, veteran units are the difference between winning and losing.  Things like city and resource maangement are somewhat more basic than what's found in Civ games, and the graphics don't match Beyond Earth, but tile upgrading is more or less similar to what you see in Beyond Earth (minus the orbital layer which doesn't exist in Pandora).I purchased the game with the DLC for $25 total on a Steam sale, and knowing what I do now, I'd be happy to buy it at full price.  It's decently replayable, it just had a major patch to address some balance changes that will make the AI better, and the developers seem to still be engaged in the game, so I'm crossing my fingers for a second major DLC similar to Nashira to be released sometime."
,Recommended,287580,10388446,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,LordShade,achieved 10000 years behind the AI in researchkilled off the entire planets native population via genocidehad 3 cities against the AIs 40 cities10/10 would play again
,Recommended,287580,12330068,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,croga,"No, this is not Alpha Centauri! No, this is not Civ: Beyond Earth. To be honest; it doesn't really match up to anything Sid Meijer and his studio make. But this is a fun game!The depth of play is kinda shallow. The Aliens too important (they are like the Civ barbarians on steroids; too overbearing). The map is kinda smallish. Even on the lowest difficulty setting every city is constantly struggling and in need of micromanagement. Especially that last part is a challenge.But on the other side: The game is very moddable (documentation is lacking but the devs will answer your questions), the unit system is very very good (You can keep upgrading units whilst keeping their experience. You could end up with your first Infantry dude killing the last enemy at the end of the game). Development paths pretty straightforward.All in all: It's kinda like a casual version of SMAC or CivInSpace. Where you take a week, maybe two, to play a civ game, you can do a Pandora in a night or two. I would definitely recommend this."
,Recommended,287580,10303270,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,DragonSeeker,Great game. You can capture a leviathon.  :D  Happy Potatoe.
,Recommended,287580,13723091,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,CelticKing0,The Civ: BE we deserved.
76561198012418777,Not Recommended,287580,24343178,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,grimm77,"Man, I really, really, REALLY want to like this game. I've only got a few hours into it, which I don't think is enough for a proper review, but I guess that's my point. I've owned it for a year or so, have 8 hours play time, and haven't played it for seven months.With decent graphics and gameplay, it should be one of my favorites, but it just doesn't have that certain ""whatever-it-is"" that makes a game fun to play. It's still installed on my PC, I still check it for updates (which are still happening from time to time), but when it comes to actually sitting down and playing a game, I always scroll right past it and choose something else.If I could give it a neutral rating I would, but given the choice of thumbs up or thumbs down... not recommended. Unfortunately."
76561198121203990,Recommended,287580,20307878,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,arschy,better than civ: beyond earth.
76561198022589128,Not Recommended,287580,10350265,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,DeathseekerYAMO,"Too unbalancedThe AI player is dead set on destroying you to the point that they get destroyed by your defenses and while this in itself is not a problem, the resources you spend on the ""eternal war"" put you behind other factions which will, inevitably, leave you vulnerable to their logical attack.The research is randomized, not as in, you get diferent research options per game, but rather, your most important research can show up in the begining or at the end of the tier which makes this a restart game if the tree looks awfull. Much like when you are placed in a desert in the start, ""playable but dont expect to win"".Your oponent show up rather close to you or not at all, again making restarting the game quite high, and yes you have to go back to main menu, not like civ that gives the option to reload if begining conditions are not decent.It is more a war game than anything else which is good except for the fact that the game boils down into 1. who has the better tech tree? who has the best starting area? and Who is not getting attacked? which ussually mean that the factions that have combat bonuses ussually dominate.yea the imperium has acheived a domination victory before any race reached tier 2 in the tech tree (mechanized era).Unlike civ where going on an early conquest gives you a bad rep with every other faction (warmonger) but it also causes a very unhappy populace. Not here, going nuts killing your neighboor is the most efective way to win.This feels like a beta. too much randomness, too much warfare leaves all the other parts of the game irrelevant. if you are a hardcore civ/4x player, stay away."
76561198081640625,Recommended,287580,11497587,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Samurai,"Great game could use more dlc's like the new one and a bit more with the aliens like being able to capture them and disect them to make new weapons, armour, abilities, and maybe even geneticly create them yourself"
76561198060733755,Recommended,287580,11558239,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,LordofTrust,It is an amazing game with a complex unit creation system diplomacy that actually does anything and enough words to make you want to burn every book in sight
,Recommended,287580,11671363,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Ney,"This is a very fun game - it feels like Alpha Centauri (strong, solid science fiction strategy) meets Civ5 (movement, hex tiles, combat). The faction leaders are just similar enough to those in SMAC while retaining their own character. The planet is beautiful to explore; the native alien species are just as bad as mind worms. Combat is tricky (but you can stack units, unlike in Civ5) and rewarding. The tech tree is a bit more diverse than Civ5 offers. The voice acting is alright (the AI that explains a lot of the tech and story is the same actress that did the voice for Anomaly: Earth). Can't wait to try multiplayer out."
76561198045871237,Recommended,287580,16367383,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,McKinnal,"while i did enjoy this game, it would be alot better without the idiot bipolar AI. one turn they are frindly, then the next they are furious and go to war against me. one of them kept getting mad because my workers kept getting killed..... except i hadnt lost a worker for the passed 150 turns. my question is :  are the AI supossed to be like this or is there a bug that makes them complete warmongering idiots?"
76561198012022844,Recommended,287580,11410626,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Mavairo,"Spent the first seven hours fighting the hostile natives, set to their hardest difficulty. VERY cool and very fun game.  Worth the price admission and then some. A fantastic tech tree, and lots of strategic diversity."
76561197969417125,Recommended,287580,11187029,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,G00N3R,"This is a short review because I don't honestly know exactly how I feel about Pandora First Contact. Its certainly not a bad game, and I can't point to any specific part of the game that I don't like. It just didn't really excite me either. It could just be that this isn't really my kind of game. I've played a few 4X turn based strategy games, and I do tend to enjoy them, but its not my favourite genre and I'm also not a highly skilled player.If you've played Alpha Centauri, then you can stop reading now, because PFC is pretty much exactly the same game, but with different faction names. If you've played any of the Civilization series, PFC is pretty much Civ on an alien planet with future tech. You can decide whether to buy PFC based off your experiences with those games.PFC has all the standard 4X mechanics. Choose between 6 playable factions, create cities and construct buildings to improve your empire's level of food, research, production, gold, happiness and pollution. Train and upgrade military units, and then either wipe everyone out for a military victory or stay defensive and go for a technology or economic victory.The two biggest differences compared to other 4X's are firstly the tech tree has a randomised layout with each new game. This is either good because every campaign will be unique, or bad because you can't pre-plan your strategy, depending on your point of view. And secondly, food and production is stored at empire level, meaning you can have a city producing zero food, focused entirely on research/gold/production/whatever and your people won't starve because they get food from other cities.I played two full campaigns which took 9-10 hours each. I didn't encounter any bugs in game, but I have noticed that some achievements are bugged (I should have unlocked 2 faction wins and the medium world size win).Ultimately I think fans of the genre will probably enjoy Pandora, but if you've never played a 4X before I think there are better games you should start with."
76561198060316628,Recommended,287580,10845630,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LoudAssassin345,if you play the green get prepared to get owned by purple
76561198035843151,Recommended,287580,11889603,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Techel,"I bought this because 1) I'm a huge fan of the old Alpha Centauri games, and 2) The upcoming Civ BE doesn't seem...like much of an improvement, concept-wiseIt is indeed much closer to Alpha Centauri with the workshops and factions, and that's a good thing. There's some refreshing new stuff in there like the randomized tech tree and the cross-faction resource pool, but the factions are so much like AC that it's balancing on infringement ^_^If you're a space colonization 4X'er, it's good. Not awesomely great, but genuinely good. I look forward to the first expansion, and hope it will add some more things to make life on Pandora more exciting."
,Recommended,287580,13109005,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,♒ Sugar Tits Jr. ♒,"It's a fairly solid game.I was a bit disappointed at the lack of costumizable governments, and I would have liked a custom race option. But the artistic style, and the overall feel and operation of the game are excellent. It has a bit of a learning curve, the onslaught of aliens can be tedious if you don't play as Imperium or Solar. The AI is fairly good, the AI make flanking manuevers (nice). Be prepared to build in a defensible location. It contains a lot of story much like Alpha centurai did, it has a few awesome cinematics (from what I've seen, I've yet to beat it), and the tech tree can be a bit frustrating."
,Recommended,287580,10660909,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Drecq,"Personal Review: Please understand this is strictly my own thoughts.I enjoy this game, it reminds me of an updated version of Alpha Centari, even the factions remind me a lot of the factions off the SM classic of Alpha Centari. The graphics are nice and crisp, the gameplay does not lack much either. There are a few things however I think need to be added to make this game pop out and bring it forward.First, the adding of a Social Engineering ability. YES I am basing this off Alpha Centari because of how good that game was and how great this game can be. The Social Engineering screen allowed you to make the society you wanted through changing between things like (Politics: Democracy, Police State, Fundamentalism) and (Economics: Green, Planned, Free Market) among others. I think this add a sense of in game customization that all players enjoy.Second, Option to turn off planet life...there is even on the lowest setting an abundance of planet life that will...destroy your cities, troops, and just overall make your game feel like a race to build units and exhaust resources just to stay alive.Third, Custom Faction Making...yes I said it, the ability to change the name of your faction, leader, and discription, and maybe even choose your own perks, change unit names and so on.This game is still fun as is and I still enjoy playing it, I hope in time there will be more updates and more stuff added."
76561198047753132,Recommended,287580,10738228,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Spades,"Pandora is an alright 4x game, it's not Alpah Centauri, though it tries to be, but still good in it's own right. The basic  story is that  you are a leader of a corporation/faction/band of hippies and becase Earth has been screwed over you are to colinize a new planet and murder the competition. Let's face it, even the research victory still involves eliminationg the competition at the beginning. Against friends it's different, but with the AI you're going to find yourself boged down in some war by either the second ammendment gun lovers or the ""God Loves Me But Not You"" lady. Now you might be lucky and they're focused on some other faction (or better yet each other) and are wiped out, but if that doesn't happen and you find yourself in their sights be prepared to be swarmed by a neverending flow of easily killed units. All while you're fighting the local fauna and fungus. And then the invaders. But don't worry, the locals and invaders don't scale at all so as soon as you get a few techs they're easily defeated. This all seems to be pointing to this being a bad game, but it's not terrible the indigienous life is a challenge at first, and the alien invasion can really help turn the tide if someone is way in the lead. The only real problem is the AI being only a threat at the beginning, because if you're not lucky and get stuck next to a warmonger, you're dead."
,Recommended,287580,11352488,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Divine_Rayzor,Recommended For Any Who Like 4x Turn Based Games.
76561198055482424,Recommended,287580,11200069,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Subject194,"Pandora: First Contact is an amazing game with many choices to choose from to develop your growing civilization (correct me if i spelled that wrong). The story takes place with the tragic fact that humans have completely destroyed there homeworld earth and are forced to recolonize, but they must search the galaxie to find a new world with the right atmosphere. The humans soon stumbled upon Pandora which would of course soon end up like earth unless you did something different to keep the planet healthy. There are many factions fighting over the planet, some have advantages over the others and also disadvantages. The mission is to get your separate faction of humans to take control of Pandora and make it the new home world. Now most people would say that this is a lot like Civ 5, but i dont think so myself. The game has so much customization for your troops and cities that you have to reaserch in randomized reaserch trees. Overall i say that this game is amazing and i'm a person who doesn't even like these types of games, and i still find it fun to play. But of course it's always more fun to play with friends so try to get your friends to download this awesome game."
76561198053167217,Recommended,287580,13131722,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,OrphanElite,"Very fun and gives you some new things to expore and really is very in depth gaming, but I would love if the community was bigger there would be more mods on offer!"
76561197986197242,Recommended,287580,14255725,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,PlotinusRedux,This is what BE should have been--SMAC/X with updated graphics and GUI.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,287580,11202345,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,(-RoS-) Fujiwara Tetsuke,"I love the game, despite the lack of tech support to relieve problems. I find it enjoyable."
76561198086410876,Recommended,287580,11360102,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Tobesz,"Though some area's of the game may feel a little brief at times, on the whole, Pandora First contact is a beautifully intricate game that brings a respectable handful of new, intresting ideas to the strategy game industry.8.2/10"
76561198007852747,Recommended,287580,11322139,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Julenius,"While waiting for the Beyond Earth, Pandora is a nice replacement. It resembles Civilization series in many ways. Although it lacks the Civ5s more advanced battle system, it compensates by not being as generic as the previous. Random starting placements are awesome as well as semi-randomised tech-tree. And the planet is nicely alive and feels like a place to explore - more than in any Civilization game.All in all if you're looking for a ""Civ game"" Pandora is a game for you. It manages to keep the game very interesting until the end of alien assault and falls into the same dull end game that plagues Civ games. Except Pandora becomes way more dull and unmanageable than any 4X game. On scale to 0-100, as a fan of the genre I'd give it a solid 82."
,Recommended,287580,34185465,Posted: 12 August,all,John,"The majority of my citizens are unhappy. We're short on food and minerals and losing more every turn. Aliens are besieging every city. And then I somehow win an economic victory...?Good game, 10/10."
76561198106337582,Recommended,287580,11569512,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,masterbustero2,This is a great game if you like civ.
76561198053549961,Recommended,287580,10487756,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,stlowe86,"The random tech trees is pretty dumb. It can be bad enough that u need to restart the game more than once to get a decent tech tree. It also stinks that there is no auto explore. In addition, i dont feel that there is enough of a tutorial to really help u get started. It is unlike other turn based games ive played."
76561198088784609,Recommended,287580,13008360,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,blazeraptor54,"Listen guys, with BE out, and all. I've played it at a friends house, and I'm actually stupfied at what has happened to the civ francise. I mean don't get me wrong, it was DECENTLY ABOVE AVERAGE but that being said, that makes it the second worst civ game, ever. Because, civ games are NOT decent, they are NOT subpar, they ARE awesome, and ARE creative.With that being said, I watched many reviews to Pandora first contact. Mainly Totalbiscut on youtube, and I have to say. For all the 'bad' he said this game has. I find it kind of cool, and awesome. Lets go ahead and kill a bird with a very logical stone.This game is made to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, because it's built with the mentallity of how an actual colonization would look like. It's difficult to master, with simple controls, and it's all the best things in the world.Now as for being a true alpha centari successor. No. It's not, and it's not because of plot. Plot is not really here in the game, because some AI don't work to their backstory. I mean the Terra Salvum, agurabbly one of one of the most overpowered early game factions. Is not really partial to clean earth, since they don't really get unhappy when I build mines. Like wise, they don't get happy, when I surround them with forests.So yeah, big let down on that one, but I digress. Because, though plot takes a good chunk out of the atmosphere there is still something to work with. Like wise, the team made the extra effort to include cutscenes, and those things gotta be difficult. So you can add a bit of razzle dazzle to the game.Now why would I recommend this game?Well BE is cool, but it's just a basic reskin of Civ 5. It doesn't come close to CivAC so, I mean yeah, it's subpar. It's also easy, compared to what people MAY think.Now, Pandora, though you can't control the aliens as a faction power. You can build your own customizable units, and I think firaxis spoiled us with XCOM because my god that was just beastly.  But, here it's simple, and it's good. Sometimes less is more, and more is less you know?So if I had to give this game a rating, it's flawed, but its a masterpeice...in a way. So, lets say I give it an 8/10 is that too high? Maybe, because I've grown to love the game, but in reality, I'm going to give it something slightly less.7.5/10+Music+Difficulity+Unique customization options (Able to creat anti air, vehicle, bio, mech units, which is badass.)+Dialouge is a bit slapstick with comedy, which is awesome.-extremely repetive-Ai don't adhere to their written nature.-There is no control map...****Anyway, 7.5/10A very good game, not great, but it's good. So catch it on sale, or buy the DLC  pack, because it's gonna give your money's worth, plus it'll take a good chunk out of your life with it. Ja ne."
76561198039748403,Recommended,287580,12005400,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,BloodWeather,"Civilization style turn-based strategy set on an alien planet years into the future. If your a fan of 4x strategy this game is for you. Base management and armies of high-tech soldiers to massive mechs, aggressive alien species and AI diplomacy. Terraform the planet to work in your favor. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,287580,11617459,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Azradun,"This game looks very similar to the famous Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri at a first glance. Factions based on ideology? Check. Another world? Check. Alien life encroaching on Earthling towns? Check. Unit customization? Check. But it offers more than a mere rehash of old ideas. The economy is quite nice, with cities specializing in production (all is interconnected - workers use up minerals from global pool, there is global food pool etc.), food, research, mining... There are a lot of technologies to discover, some special perks to gain from alien life, various unit modifications, projects (similar in use to Wonders of the World),  operations (some available permanently but with cooldown, some one-shot). There is also an in-game market for resources, reacting to players' actions.The gameplay is solid, the game itself runs smoothly on my not-optimal laptop, and the download is ridiculously thin compared to other games. The graphics are pretty nice, with colourful terrain, distinct improvements, units are varied and simply awesome (especially the towering mechs), and you even get to use a Black Hole Generator. I bought this game and haven't regretted it."
76561198024059050,Recommended,287580,29728387,Posted: 5 February,all,Saturn,"TL;DR: Honestly if you are thinking about buying this game, do so when it is on sale.Pros:- The AI actually provides a good form of challenge, often you will find yourself in a stalemate where only outmanouevers can grant you victory.- The game offers alot to micromanagement enthusiasts, cities can be carefully crafted to be highly specialised in one of the 4 sectors (science/production/cash/food). If you aren`t particularly fond of micromanagement the default settings are more than enough to provide a stable source of income (assuming you build ressource buildings).- The ""workshop"" (unit designer) altough somewhat simplistic does offer good opportunities to costumize specialist troops.Cons:- The game`s graphics are somewhat primitive, if you enjoy high definition cutting edge graphics, stay clear of this game.- The combat is always pitched, you either win and wipe out the ennemy unit completely or vise versa.- The AI can be somewhat strange, and all knowing (how does it know your army is that much weaker than theirs?)- Lady Vermillion is evil."
,Recommended,287580,10486802,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Erasmus,"A refreshing 4x, customizable units with enough devices as to make it require thought. Multiplayer is epic. Worth the money!"
,Recommended,287580,11218300,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,rogersm0,A nice mix of Alpha Centauri and Civ V.
,Recommended,287580,11242551,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,J0ker,very good game for those that like civ v
76561198124540151,Recommended,287580,12926884,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,bfree1118,"Wow!!  This game is relentless and challenging.  Took it all the way down to the easiest level with 2 other factions on a huge world.  I think the main problem for me is not knowing the tech tree well enough to use it properly.  Current game,after several miserable failures,  the Aliens have landed stirring up the local stuff as well as both factions constantly attacking me.  Being a Civ5 player, I opted to space my cities accordingly and so far that doesn't work.  Beginning to think there was a reason for allowing them to be closer together.  Easier to defend??  Constantly running back and forth fighting basically a 3 front war.  The ONLY thing that has saved my butt so far is the constant field training and military upgrades.  I can't research them fast enough.  Don't waste your field training either.  Gather everybody together, train, heal, disperse and above all, don't let your experienced troops get wiped out.  Send in the new guys first to try to beat them down a little.  Wait until you can wipe out the unit with your heavy guys.Okay, for comparision,  Beyond Earth would have been a better game if it was as active as this one.  I'm still toying with both so I won't give a definitive "" This one is better"" yet.   If you are easily discouraged by getting your butt waxed by a game, you definitely want to pass on this one.  I remember the first time I saw jets over my city and wondered ""How the hell did they get those already!!!!""  Don't worry, you'll figure it out.   Overall love this game,  Civ strategies won't work here.  Enough said.  Enjoy."
,Recommended,287580,12098978,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Pheron the resident Psychopath,this game is great so far only problem is multiplayer
76561197990089138,Recommended,287580,11680203,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,majorguz,Cool game. Reminds me of Sid Meiers Alpha Centauri in the old days. Spent 100s of hours playing that game. Looking forward to the expansion of this one.
76561197966358311,Recommended,287580,14395603,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ketamarine,"This is a fantastic space-age planet-basesd 4X game. It nails so many concepts that other games in the genre (especially CIV:BE) miss. Specifically:- Economic system is extremely tight, no artificial limiting commodity (health / happiness) to expansion - just that you share food and mined resources between colonies. In fact you are encouraged to expand by the housing limits and migration system (which is also an amazing way to deal wtih conquered cities as their population flees your iron fist...)- Combat is great - no limits to #of units/hex - except that if you overconcentrate, you'll get nuked from the skies! Many diverse tactics work in different situations (air, sea and land power all useful - especially those death mechs!)- Unit customization is amazing - intuitive, yet complex and rewarding - specific reasons to use various different unit types, and accessories that can do everything from reduce costs, to eliminate counterattacks, to multiple attacks per turn. All extremely well balanced by cost / production system.- Unit levelling / training extremely well done - with an ""operation"" to train up newbie units being a must early game!- Alien units are very interesting and the invader attack dynamic is very cool - especially on larger maps with multiple incursion points. It's a serious challenge just to colonize new areas until mid-game. And the oceans remain very dangerous even into late game.- Factions are unique and each requires a different play style and leads to very different economic development paths. (tree huggers build forests and live in harmony with local vegetation, whereas corporate guys burn up everything in sight!)It does have its drawbacks however:- Diplomacy is a bit weak and one faction is bascially impossible to deal with (religious fanatics)- Winning conditions are fairly arbitrary - 75% of research, conquest or building up enough cash to buy the rest of the economy - strange choices leads to an extremely.- End game plays out way too similarly, independent of what faction you chose - I tried to ""play nice"" with the tree huggers, only to face an endless 2-front war for most of the game. (and their penalty to attack is extremely annoying in the early-game / first couple wars)Overall this is an excellent addition to the 4X genre and a spiritual successor to Alpha Centauri. I'm not even a die-hard fan of SMAC, but I absolutely love this game's diverse ecnomic and combat / conquest mechanics. So much fun to see your unit creations at work - particularly when you get the rare opportunity to upgrade your crack unit with the latest technology - creating a monster to unleash on your foes.Definitely worth $30 and certainly the $15-ish that I paid on sale. Just bought the DLC and looking forward to trying out the new faction and espionage system!"
76561198006653676,Not Recommended,287580,14737405,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,TheN00b,"It's hard to say if this game is good or bad. I love the idea that i can design my own units. It's a 4x game that allows you to customize your stuff thats awesome. It's AI isn't horrible but doesn't stand out either.The issues i have start with the development company itself. I mean they have a history of making lower quality game and then basically abandoning them. This game lacks so many common sense things, like your planes are normal units like your tanks but with a different animation. There is no ranged attacks no rebasing no recon or strike missions they're just normal units that can be attacked by anything. There is no ranged attacking grid that shows you what you can hit with any units. You can build an artillery unit but there isn't anything that shows an area of attack, you litrerally have to move the  unit to attack like you would any other unit.the game just feels like one day somebody just woke up and said ""screw it lets launch it"", even thought it wasn't even done.Now before you think i'm all hate, i do like a few things about the game. I love the random tech tree, the design aspects of the units and the upgrading of the units.  but again the unit options just seem like they only spent half as much thought on it as they should have.But even the replayability just wasn't there. I mean i played a game and went to play again and there was like no difference it was like i was playing the game i finished. Each ""faction"" is only different in the % differences they have nothing unique about them other then that. I mean one gets an increase in production while another in science. But when you play either of them it's still no real difference.So many good ideas with very poor execution. this game should have been in development for another year and it would have done much better."
76561198029794178,Not Recommended,287580,12168923,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,VolatileRed,"This game seemed like I might really enjoy it, and everything looked nice... until I started my first turn of the game.  The loading screens, the compendium, the choice screens, all worked... what did not work was the actual main display in the play area of the game.  Totally blacked out.  I even saw a minimap, so I knew that I SHOULD be seeing something, but no, nothing was there.  Tried to ask for some help to figure out my problem but noone was ever able to help me."
,Recommended,287580,12199482,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,raven4,"Great game and successor of Civilization and Alpha Centaury. However i would point out few ideas:1. i miss concept of resources (like in iron, coal, aluminium, ... in Civ)2. posibility to create city on water like in Alpha2. queue management - eg i invented new building -> i want to add it as 1st item to queue of 10 citiesHowever I can strongly recommend this game. Its fun."
76561198002286687,Recommended,287580,12252974,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,GrimReaper1789,"If you loved Alpha Centauri and dumped many hours of your life into it over the years, this is the game for you! Takes all of the best aspects of Sid Meier's original game and brings it into 2014. Absolutely get it! This 4X game ROCKS!"
,Recommended,287580,13740187,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Fish Paste Jar,This games is one of the best turn based games I've played. I would recommend this any day. Very cool tech tree to research and interesting diplomatic options. Great game period.
,Recommended,287580,13746859,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,-Spooky-,First try to colonize Pandora. Died after the invasion of the Xenos! Will play again .. 11/10
76561198031255031,Recommended,287580,12766686,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,listellor,Well i got this due to the fact i was not happy with BE . and it looked far slicker . well i must admit after  a few false starts  i have managed to get  a series of colnies up and running . one thing i must point out starting position is a big thing in pandora . i find the turns progress very quick . as for no manual i found just by playing you find everything out and if you have a probrl mpost it im sure someone will help you
76561198088213774,Recommended,287580,11672914,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,spots2012,This is a decent 4X. Unfortunately there doesn't seem to much of a multiplayer community.Game can get a bit boring. Winning conditions aren't certain.7/10.Update: appears to be much better than Beyond Earth though.
,Recommended,287580,24165949,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,landenrich,"my god i love this game. i love it becaus that it is not somethng that you can prodict, for exsample civ has a preset research tree, in pandora: first contact the research tree is unprodictabul as with the game it self, like one time i just cleared my island of aliens and a black hole thing showed up and some hie tech alien race showed up and kicked my but... so ya it's good.."
76561198056911943,Recommended,287580,22919772,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Corvathra,"I like a lot of things about this better than civilization. Unit customization is nice. The aliens can be a great concern. Great Soundtrack.The population growth/distrubution mechanics I am not a fan of, as well as mineral requirements for production, but it adds a bit of extra depth and strategy to the game too. Fast research seems more important than early expansion."
,Recommended,287580,16891102,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,carewolf,"This is more of an = recommendation. The game is rather 'meh'. I have played through two games of it, and parts of that time has been okay, but I don't feel like coming back to it, which is rather weak for a strategy game, though 10-20 hours would still be decent for any other type of game. There is not enough depth or useful strategies, the world is predictable, and the AIs are weak. Especially diplomacy is rather broken, with few options and even fewer that are useful, in the end game all AIs not only hates the player they hate everyone. The opinion penalties for not losing a war are huge, making the survivors universally despised.There are a few interesting mechanics in the game, and certainly worth a single playthrough for a fan of 4x games. So try it out especially if it is on sale."
76561198006573232,Recommended,287580,29193684,Posted: 11 January,all,Warhawke,Way better than Civilization: Beyond Earth.This is one of those hidden gems from a smaller developer.
76561198065799618,Not Recommended,287580,29256945,Posted: 14 January,all,Sébastien,"+ Food and Growth being split into 2 , with a market for the food itself is an interesting idea. Same for production / minerals+ The music isn't bad+ You can design your units.? Melee units can attack in water tiles. This is possible because attacking a unit dosen't make the attacker move into the tile of the defender. I'm not sure what to think of this ...? Unit stacking. I prefer the Civ 5/6/Beyond earth approach.- The diplomacy isn't working at all. I had an AI be friendly with me while being at war with my faction.- You have to pay attention to the notifications since you don't see when your units get attacked unless your camera is already looking at the unit in question.- The science feels a bit derivative. The second age is pretty much like the first, except with double number values for the units / buildings."
76561198007411451,Not Recommended,287580,19300219,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Zombie4Mensa,"Once again, another  game with unlimited potential was spoiled. By now you'd think that video game manufacturers (Specifically Electronic Arts) would know better.Here are the reasons why I say, no, this game should not be bought:1. There are too few nations in this game. Giving the game more nations would make it much better, since there is more competition for the world.2. Get rid of the damned growth! The game forces you to grow and colonize new areas, even there is nothing else to colonnize. When you colonize the world and have nothing elser to colonize, you still get kicked around by your own cities eventually. You lose minerals, food, science, and credits, losing your military and formers. Why must you lose formers when they are required for making your nation stand back up?3. Too few unit types. There are only 3 vehicles of each kind, walkers, tanks, boats, troops, and strike craft. This seems a little limited.Here are the reasons why I would recommend this game:1. The unit customization in the workshop offers a whole new way to play 4x games. You can customize your foot soldiers with missile launchers, machine guns, snipers, and more. This isn't limited to just foot soldiers though, strike craft, tanks, and boats all use this as well.But that's probably it.Do NOT buy this game, it is a waste of time, space, and money."
76561198050868173,Recommended,287580,15254982,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,FTCF,"At first, I decide to give this game a negative, because after I spend a whole week on this game by using the account I borrowed from my friend, I found myself waste a whole week on this game, and finally found it is just a semifinished product, some other games' beta test form even better than this game.For example. the setting of food resource is perfunctory, the only thing this resource can do is prevent your people from stave, so just keep its data above zero, and that's all, except prevent stave, this resource have no way to be used, unlike Civilization, food can not help growth your population, no matter how much you have on this resource, the only difference is between postive and negative, that also means if you spend a long time to order your workers to build farmland, even you have 100 times more food than your enemy, it is useless. Yes I know, the studio want to make something different from Civ 5, but I don't think it is a good idea, I prefer to play a game which totally copied the setting of food resource setting from Civ 5, instead of having a nwe form or setting but useless.Did you ever see any game that have a random tehnology tree? Yes, this game have, I do not know whether it is a bug or just a setting, if it is a setting, I think the people who gave this idea to the studio should be arrested and charged by his guilty idea, this setting is stupid and makes people uncomfortable, a random technology tree? I think most people will never accept this idea.The AI enemy is also make me crazy, even the easiest level AI, can easily have more population in its capital than the sum of all your cities' population. When you product a group of soldiers, you will find that AIhave already producted 3 more groups and their weapon are better than yours.Some details in this game are also very ragged, if you want to give your AI friend some money or ask them for some economical supply, you can not decide the number, there are only four choice: one forth of the money you have, half of it, three forths of it and total. Try to image that, when you want to make some economic agreements with other counties, and the AI country have this repeat:"" Yes, I agree it, you just need to give me everything you have, and then I will agree this aggrement."" Well, is there anyone will sign this agreement?I think I don't need to mention how bad the maps in this game are. different from Civlizations' studio which spread a scroll map in a rectangle map, this studio want to made a map of a real ball planet, which  you can go to any direction and finally you still have to back the original point, this studio spread a ball map in a damn square map! And no matter where is your birth place, it always in the center of the mape. Well, I think everyone have the experience in this game that you can see a complete continet or island divided into 4 parts and speard in four corners of the map, right?What this game bring to me that makes me feel angry is the stupid semifinished game system, I doubt  that is this game can comparing with Civ 1?But finally, I still bought this game and gave it a positive. I don't think this game is worth to by, but it really have some good ideas, although most of the ideas I have already seen in other games.I think the best case is the militay and unit setting in this game. You can give your troops their own weapon, decide they are anti-armor or anti-infantry troops, also we can change their equipment in our cities. I have saw this self-decide system in ""Fallen Enchantress"", but this game seems have a better idea, and it really did it better.The background setting is simple but interesting, it has 7 different countries, which have the same military unit but different advantages, one country have economical advantage, other one have military advantage, these seven countries are simple, and no doubt many people can easily find out how to play it. But it really interesting.Unlike Civ BE, this game have more interesting things in later time, I means in military and war, in other parts like economic or politics, no doubt that Civ BE is much better than this game.Different from civilization, which known as a well-developed game and have perfect game setting, this game looks like a semifinished product. I think I can put this game in a group with ""Age of Wounder III"" and ""Fallen Enchantress"", although other two games have totally different theme, these three games have  some similar things. They have many bugs and semifinished settings, they are not finished, they still have to make more improvement, but they have very good ideas that make them different from Civilization.Finally I gave this game a positive, and I bought this game. I wish to see its sequel, and I hope its sequel have more improvement and I then think I will buy it."
,Not Recommended,287580,12241109,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Creldarix,"At first glance this game is great, and maybe some people will never look at it past that point.  But it seems to me the AI is quite weak, for both the other Civs and the mobs.  Early on in the game you're extremely weak, and you'll probably be dead in the early stages in most games.  If you do make it past that point, you quickly become invincible.  The tedium for me began when I realized that as hard as the early game was, the later game often was as easy.  The AI civs are often dead well before the game gets very far.  Not all of them, but many.I got the game 50% off, and for that price I'd recommend it.  But for the full price?  No.  I'd wait for something more refined to come along.  Since I can't really recommend it based upon the assumption you'll always get it for half price like I did, I'm not going to recommend this game.What this really does for me is prove what a master Sid Meier is at what he does."
,Recommended,287580,12691098,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,LastMonoblos,"One of the easyier to learn 4x games in the gene, the interface and mathematics behind decisions is very knowable and clean. Thier isn't some odd formula that gives your production output, and what slows production down.  tatic depth with the unit design is simple to understand for your choices of type, weapon, armor, but Deep when you start having units with different abilities it becomes very deep.  The game has features that punish stacks of doom, but allow a playier to have some army stacks provided that they don't have enough bombardment to deal with all your stacks. I prefer armys  composition of units with defense bonus ability as my vangard and flankers, while using bombards to weaken the flank unit, and one or two really expensive if it kills the unit it takes no damage ability (frist strike),  to have a force that takes out units without sustaining damage.  The factions are very simple to understand, but have enough difference to very different feel each time. The Green Faction(Space hippyies) is very difficult to slam into an ecomic boundry, its easy to have a stable econmic expansion, where the red faction (Space china)  slams at it with as much force as it can when trying to expand. Its clear why the red faction and the green factions play so differently quickly for a 4x game."
76561198005864877,Not Recommended,287580,22771174,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,etheral_white_dragon,"This game has a very unique setup of units, Technologies and a day and night cycles for the aliens to become more active and attack you enmass which isnt a bad thing keeps the game flowing, But thats all it has for it the AI sucks as does the diplomacy if you have ever played the original civilization where you end up as one empire fighting the worlds empires as if they are just one enormous empire then you will know what i am talking about with this game, Here is a for instance of how bad the diplomacy is you meet a race they first praise you get you to trade maps create a non aggression treaty then a trade followed by a research treaty and then declare war on you all in the same turn, Then you start to meet the other races and as soon as you have met them they declare war and then you get attacked by them all acting like they are one enormous empire."
76561198070835290,Recommended,287580,21545031,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Grishka,"The game is clone of Alpha Centauri, it doesn't even pretend being new or unique in any way. That's it: Alpha Centauri clone with better graphics. Even factions are all the same. However, many original concepts like social engineering, drones etc. were abolished which is disappointing.Plus:-Nice graphics and music, Alpha Centauri redecorated.-Better technology tree than in original, better unit designer and few other minor improvements.Minus:-Unbalanced economics especially late game.-Weak AI. It can be chalange at the beginning as it is quite aggressive but not mid and late game.-Low game customization which means low replayability. The game lacks flawor.After all I still have possitive impressions. I recommend the game if it is on sale (-66% happens).P.S. The game is still better than lame Civilization: Beyond Earth"
,Recommended,287580,22796368,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Vaeringjar,I had a much better time with this game than with Beyond Earth.
76561198027058127,Not Recommended,287580,15239300,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,losferwords,"This game is still Beta and so is the paid DLC. There are too many bugs to list, and the game itself is unfun. Slitherine should have fixed the original before they decided to add paid DLC which does nothing to make the game more playable."
76561198032131068,Not Recommended,287580,17580659,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,orionling,I couldnt agree with previous reviews - the AI is dumb and stupid and declares war at every opportunity.This is not a game that is fun to play at all.
76561198028513039,Recommended,287580,21558484,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,HossDelgado93,What beyond earth should have BEEN!
76561198117168947,Recommended,287580,13535509,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Canadian_Astronaut,Awesome game !!!!!
76561198069825911,Not Recommended,287580,22175219,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,f1r35t0rm,"I tried to get into it, I really, really did. But between the periodic crashes, and extremely slow late game AI turns, due to an insane number of units, it gradually becomes more and more unplayable. And this on a computer, that, while not top of the line, is fairly powerful. While I'm here, I'd also like to point out that the game doesn't feel particularly polished in terms of gameplay, either."
76561198121743825,Recommended,287580,13653990,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JACK THE RIPPER,good game
,Recommended,287580,12758389,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Crescent Wolven,"This game is REALLY hard, when I saw the yogscast play it I thought they were messing around; but when I played it I got owned big time, this game requires A TON of skill in city management and dealing with armies both at the same time! and the fact that the natives of the planet will become hostile quite quickly is an annoying little thing, the terrain is HIGHLY annoying compared to the aliens (aka natives of Pandora) due to the fact that they either kill, weaken, strengthen, or literally make your armies as weak as a new born kitten! great game, super hard, not too fun to play, decent altogether."
76561198142333089,Recommended,287580,10874818,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,bhurrel,"Buying this game and then attempting to play it -- unsuccessfully on 2 different PCs after spending hours going through regedit, system  analyses, service pack downloads, and so on, has been very disappointing. I've been a happy customer of Matrix and Slitherine for years, and it seems unfortunate to most likely end that relationship over this."
,Recommended,287580,15226571,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Mr Spice,"Meh, It was good"
,Recommended,287580,13766839,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,☐ NOT FORA ☑ FORA,"Story of my first game:I chose to be the Solar Dynasty because I liked increased production. I began making and customizing my little troops and I sent them out into the unknown, we met with some of the other factions and started working on our trade proposals. Everyone was happy...Then  my units ""went missing."" (They were massacred by a xenoqueen.) I decided I should look for them with some tanks, but to no avail. My lead astronomer notifies me of an impending eclipse. What he fails to tell me is that eclipses ""excite"" the local fauna. The guards on watch stood in terror and awe as several of the xeno species swarmed toward our walls. They fought valiently, able to fend off the first wave... But the Xeno's hit back harder. A Kraken came from the depths and immediately destroyed my valiant defenders...Without defenders my city quickly fell before the might of the aliens, all the while, several factions decided it would be a great time to demand tribute from me. With my dying breath, I said no.11/10 wouldn't give tribute again."
76561198036874457,Not Recommended,287580,11041395,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,gbigdan,"Fantastic Game! It is what Civ 5 should have been. It is what Civilization 5 wants to be if it eats its vegetables and grows up big and strong. So many aspects of the game are similiar to civ 5 but much much better. The replayability is not quite as good, but this is a much newer game and the DLCs and Mods will come. From customizable and upgradable units to terraforming to a world market where you can trade commodities, this game is so well done. I don't always drink beer or recommend games, but when I do, I drink lots of beer and play the good ones like this.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This game suddenly stopped working. No tech support, no help no nothing. Too bad! It WAS a good game but not anymore..."
76561198133727994,Not Recommended,287580,23371012,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Agora_Black_Flag,Still getting into this game. Bought it on the suggestion that it was similar to SMAC. If you are looking for a SMAC equal this game is very different and overall very basic. I haven't even finished one game and I'm pretty bored.All in all I would give it a try if you like Civ type games and Sci-Fi..... And it's on sale... And you have nothing better to do.
,Recommended,287580,29390967,Posted: 20 January,all,JesusLovesYou,"Pandora is an elegant and well executed 4x game in the tradition of SMAC. The AI compares very favourably with the Civ series and the game presents a considerable challenge on higher difficulties.The game is heavily focused on combat, both against other players and against the environment. If you enjoy peacefully building up a civilization, this is likely not the game for you. Flavor is slightly lacking, but the core of the game is interesting and rewarding. It is necessary to specialise units to deal with a variety of different enemies, and the AI is much better at using the sea than in many similar games, keeping the player on their toes. Unit stacking is allowed, but the power of multiple unit bombardment makes the decision to stack or not to stack a difficult one.This game is highly recommended if you would enjoy a 4x-wargame hybrid."
76561198113842896,Recommended,287580,29303098,Posted: 16 January,all,EE_vP,"Really under-appreciated game.  I love it to pieces, but there's little to no community.  If you're thinking about buying it, I fully recommend it.  The AI is insane (both difficult and decision wise), and playing on faster paces makes them even better (or worse, depending on how you look at it).9/10"
76561197991303896,Recommended,287580,29327746,Posted: 17 January,all,TDuke,First my what I don't like: The complaints about diplomacy not being very good are true. The AI has a habit of spamming requests and then changing its mind. There is no trust or friendship variables that I can see so relations are not immersive. The game seems clunky and takes some getting used to.What I like: It is challenging. It is a fresh take on a tired game type. There is a sense of adventure with all the hostile natives and alien landscape. It is cheap now (got it on sale in 2017).It is not amazing but it is deffinetly worthy of your collection (if you have a taste for these games). I've only put in a few hours at this point but expect 30 before I get bored and or rage quit.
76561198016943128,Recommended,287580,29228763,Posted: 13 January,all,wrathtribe,"Note that I played Pandora; First Contact only with its expansion (DLC) and have no idea how the base game is without it.Pandora is indeed a modern day version of Alpha Centauri as many reviewers mentionned it already, with many ideas that ressemble the mythical title and it took me a long time to finally buy it as I read the most popular negative reviews and was hesitating. Well, I was wrong and actually while those reviews mentionning the aggressive AI as a con is actually something I truely enjoyed as a pro. Indeed the Fauna, Alien and Faction AI is extremely aggressive and while the formers will just keep pounding you after the early respite period is over, the latter will take any opportunity to declare war on you (even just a turn after asking for a non-aggression pact).All this aggression nearly gives the 4x game a feeling of an hexagonal wargame as you will be defending your colonies at the same time as launching attacks on enemy hives, portals or cities. Despite not bring so much new to the table of Civilization-like 4x's, except maybe the operations (expandable actions like scanning, training, bombing, healing, etc), it remains a solid title.Another point I have seen mentionned several times is the so called ""random tech tree"". To be precise what happens is that the techs are randomly - to some extent and in a very reasonable fashion - placed along the tech tree with each game. That means all the techs will be available to you in each game and only affect the order in which you can research them and their cost. This means you will have to adapt both your starting and long term strategies based on whatever starting ressources and what technologies can be researched quickly and first.So if you are ok with being on the edge all the time (I only played on very hard with high aggression and I think its the most fun) and having to battle early on with just a few units, and aren't going to be annoyed its less of a city builder and more of a wargame then Pandora will definitely gives you that hostility you carve for in contrast with the very relaxing and enjoyable soundtrack.Definitely recommend."
76561198002085504,Recommended,287580,29264602,Posted: 14 January,all,thewacokid,"I stole it during a sale for $10, expansion pack and all. I would certainly recommend it at that price. It is a thoughtful game, unique and challenging. I enjoyed reading all the flavor text and history/backstories, but they are deceiving: this game is not story-driven. It plays more like one of Slitherine's tabletop-like war sims. The AI is not interested in generating a story about rich people, eco-friendly hippies, warlords and scientist nerds who colonize a planet together. The AI is trying to destroy you, and the hippies are as happy to do that as the religious zealots. If Ghandi nuking the world put you off Civ2-5, then stay away. You want to lose a few games when alien lifeforms ransack your cities while you were launching a major offensive against tree-hugging morons? Go for it."
76561198129912602,Recommended,287580,28475114,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Goocheus Maximus,It's like a good Civ Beyond Earth
76561198073303410,Recommended,287580,29149529,Posted: 9 January,all,Krazykayaker,"This game is one of the hardest and unforgiving strategy games I have played. I have only played two games: in the first I was absolutely trounced by the dog-piling AI within an hour and the second is still going. After many hours and many many turns, I was finally starting to beat back the onslaught of AI forces and was establishing myself as a force to be reconded with. Having been the first to research Nukes, I stockpiled an arsenal and then unleased my ""unriviled"" (as said by the adviser) upon the peace-loving and weak hippies. Two turns later I had lost 80% of my army, gained two crappy cities, and it turns out the hippies had about half a dozen Giant-death Robots hidden somewhere I won't mention. Many, many, many turns later the grindfest was still going on, and a third of the world was a nuclear wasteland. Seeing I had begun to win, the game promptly corrupted it's self and the day was lost."
76561197964686590,Recommended,287580,12148888,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Speedy-Micro,It's good. Buy it.
76561198007461328,Recommended,287580,12156523,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Alcononymous,"This game is the very definition of something that could have been incredible. But is completely let down by lack of subterfuge/diplomacy, and a terrible end game, well not terrible just not good.After watching the Beyond Earth trailers it actually looks like they copied this game. Which is seriously sad from a company as rich as firaxis."
,Recommended,287580,19414585,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,"ezixen, last of my name :)",Go4IT
,Not Recommended,287580,29240784,Posted: 13 January,all,JohnnyRamrod,"It's a thumbs down, as I'm one of the (many) people who have massive issues getting this game to launch. It's a shame, but it's frustrating. I have 100's of games on steam, and this is in a REALLY small minority that have not worked for me. And the support team want to check dxdiag, get you to uninstall and reinstall device drivers, disable AV etc. Yet i'm not getting log errors like this, and i'm not wanting to have them mess around and have my machine as a guinea pig because they don't know what the real root cause is.Don't get me wrong - people want to help, but i'm not going to uninstall half the things on my working PC with no log errors simply because of a game, particularly when lots of other people when you read the forums have the same issue.It's a shame - it's looks good. But it's refund time for me.If you are lucky and can get it to run, I hope it's awesome. Shame I will never know..."
,Recommended,287580,19399017,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,President Kerman,bit crashy
76561198000385268,Recommended,287580,13887508,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,[LINUX]oldrocker99,"This game is more of a true sequel to Alpha Centauri than CIV:BE. It has captured my imagination the way AC did, and it's challenging, looks great, and is a lot of fun to play.Amd it costs a lot less!"
76561197985847263,Recommended,287580,13824638,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[LoR] Team Triss,You know how the Middle East has that weird obsession with artificial islands?  I did that with fungus.10/10
76561198074807800,Recommended,287580,26131553,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,josiah7819,"If you enjoy tweaking data files, this game can be an amazing KICK."
76561198030700114,Not Recommended,287580,11706684,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Vulcannis,"Good 4X gameplay with some nice innovations, excellent UI, but the late game is absolutely worthless."
76561198114862270,Recommended,287580,10292802,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,reptiman3,"just bought the game from steam,but where is the free return of the messari?Otherwise very good game."
76561198056346827,Not Recommended,287580,24071161,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Valkyriehunt,I tried to like this game having played over 300 hours of civ 5. This game has no depth and really war is what it is all about. Honestly not fun to play.
76561198007309098,Not Recommended,287580,21454347,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ampoliros,"I have played most of the 4X games ever released, beginning with Empire.I have never met one with such an incredibly xenophobic AI before.  Seriously, more often than not in Pandora 'first contact' consists of a declaration of war - and I've not gone more than 10 turns after a first contact before they do declare war.I'd like to be able to explore everthing Pandora has to offer, but there's no way to contend with all the other factions being at war with you at once, and so early in the game to boot.As it stands, Pandora is a 0."
,Not Recommended,287580,21478595,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Pyromanta || AE,"I really wanted to like this game. I was disappointed by Civ: Beyond Earth and it's similarity to Civ 5 in almost every way. I was also getting bored by the Civ pattern and the gameplay template it sets out. Those two things, along with a recommednation from James Portnow, convinced me to buy this. How wrong I was.Pandora has some severe issues. Expansion is constantly hounded by an unbalanced overpopulation mechanic, forcing you to curb growth until you unlock the techs to mitigate overpopulation. But without growth, you don't have enough people to reasrch or build anything in any reasonable amount of time. Deep stats are presented as simple figures that foten don't seemt o make sense against what's actually happening. I'm producing +34 food globally per turn but my people are starving? WHY?!All the while my AI opponents (apparently set on the easiest setting) are expanding wildly with flourishing economies. They start wars for no reason, with no build up, and present advanced, powerful militaries while I'm struggling to feed my people. I felt like a leaf in a storm of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The worst part is the game was giving me no feedback as to why this was happening, no information for me to learn from.  While I'm still trying to unlock techs to boost my civilisation, I'm being hammered by rockets and lasers several stages ahead of me on the tech tree.I suppose the biggest issue is the AI. In Civ, you can predict and plan round what the AI is doing through experience and careful diplomacy. It means you're unlikely to be attacked without a good amount of time to prepare yourself for war. In Pandora, a recent friend will declatre total war for no reason, at random. If you focus on a strong economy, at any second you can be wiped out by a random act of aggression. Focus on a powerful miliatry and you could be sitting around for years, burning through credits, with no-one to fight. Oh, while your people starve and your civilisation fails to grow.I'd like to say Pandora is a tough game for those with the time but even on the easiest setting, it's a struggle. Constantly having to micromanage every tiny thing and work valiantly against a jumbled, unbalanced and often random set of systems is not my idea of fun. I don't think sitting here, after 150+ hours of tedious, depressing misery, will really feel like it was worth the effort."
76561198023185173,Not Recommended,287580,21557678,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Cindela,its a crap game. if you let the computer place the religious faction in the game it will just declare war on every one and you cant let your cities keep growing other wise they get negative moral which goes and kills your gold income which in turn deletes your units. oh and there is no way to stop your cities from growing that i can find.♥♥♥♥♥♥game. 0/10 dont get
76561197967580828,Not Recommended,287580,13741803,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dark Star,"This game looks great but the mechanics are really bad.  FIrst you have to research to be able to build corisponding buildings, great that sounds fair, too bad you have no idea or no help know what you need to research to be able to build more houses for your cities.  Second spies, super annoying with the runnign across teh map and you having no way to stop except for attackign them in the feild.  What happens when you have a city within 4 squares of another civ..... oh yeha they just run across and you have no chance of catching them if they are from a neutral civ.  Looks like a fun game but there are soem very annoying parts that totally ruin it.  If devs are still looking at this maybe a manual that has more then game lore in it and perhaps something to stop spies from stealing most of your money each turn."
76561198076262116,Not Recommended,287580,16359242,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,starrynite120,"I played for an hour and got bored and requested a refund. As a fan of 4x games, playing Civ 5 and Endless Legend, I found this lacking and not as good as those. This just seemed a little too bare bones. If you like 4x strategy, I'd look to one of the above mentioned games. This one wasn't awful, but was just average and didn't seem worth the time when there are better more fun games."
76561197970517494,Not Recommended,287580,23495028,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Weltschmerz,"I tried to like this game, i wa shoping for a SMAC experience. But once you get over the initial difficulty hurdle then the game stagnates. All the ailiens are quickly destroyed and unless you go to war with your fellow earthlings it becomes boring. I can't see how to win at the other winning conditions before you get bored out of your tree."
76561198031015003,Not Recommended,287580,12253690,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,PEEVEED,I wish there was a 3rd choice for the recommend this game but since there isn't and I don't think a thumbs up would do the review justice I say no. This feels like Civ 3 with more spacy feeling to it. Is it a totally bad game NO but it lacks a nice end game. It lacks replayablity. The AI is very basic and the Diplomacy is just not really there it takes a lot to get the ai to be mad at you. Even on harder settings but for 20 bucks I spend more on the movies sometimes so that's why I wish there was a 3rd choice a neutral choice. If your looking for something to tie you over to Civ Beyond Earth it will probably do.
76561197981860644,Not Recommended,287580,19500242,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Martey,"If you play Civilization V, so you do not buy Pandora, it's almost the same game, but worse.Of the 10 games on normal difficulty, I did not win one until the end.I want to have fun not playing the style that you win, you have to play so and so."
,Recommended,287580,12252740,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,lostfile,i started playing this game and now i cant stop
76561197967144413,Not Recommended,287580,11401037,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Tasslehoff,"CIV5 rip off, missing some of the cooler stuff that makes civ 5 so cool.Admittdly it has some innovative things, but not that many to make me feel good for having paid 40'+ euros for this..."
,Recommended,287580,19041510,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,livingbetter55,"i was playing this game i like it. for some unkown reason it wont play at all. very dissapointing in my request refund denied, for it should play ill check the forum but i was just now playing it saved my game, had to go somewhere, when i reutrned it wont even launch after the launcher launches. oh well"
76561198007408001,Not Recommended,287580,16330023,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Zankaru,"I can not think of anything I did not like that really stands out as a gamebreaker in this game. You had all these human factions that were fighting each other, you spend all this time building up war fronts and technologies. I enjoyed it quite a lot.... until they patched in the alien race.Mid-game the aliens starting rifting into the map at random points. You better have an army of highly experienced troops ready to suicide on the alien spawn points, because their units are so OP it is stupid. I remember throwing away five units of my crack infantry to kill a single squad of alien infantry, and don't start talking about the bloody alien aircraft.It completely broke the game. Once the aliens come in, you forgot about fighting the other factions and it becomes a race to the alien spawn points before they have a foothold so everyone does not get over-run by mary sues.Before the alien race was patched into the game, I would wholeheartdly recommend this game to any fans of hex-RTS. Sadly, that aint the case anymore."
,Recommended,287580,25438031,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,zon,"Among all-time favorites, ages well considering its release in 2013."
,Not Recommended,287580,13071250,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Tommy-Trinder,"Can't say I enjoyed this game. For me at least it lacks depth to keep it intresting, the game style is done to death.Having said that it is a thousand times more enjoyable than Beyond Earth."
76561198006758185,Not Recommended,287580,10878074,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hake,"After playing through several games of this, I'm convinced this game probably should've been made closer to an RTS or something.While it contains a great many features that are reminiscient of your standard 'Civilization' formula, I find that the majority of them seem to be redundant and often don't seem to carry relevence to the game itself. There's a feature to design your own units, but in general there's really just a linear 'upgrade' path with most other options not working out well.As a player of old time classics like Alpha Centauri, Master of Orion, and the original Civilization games, I was actually impressed to find a lot of neat features and customization capabilities that reminded me of the old days. The problem is that the way the game is designed, these features don't seem to mean much. There's pretty much only one way to go, and that's to be as warfare driven as possible.Maybe I just haven't quite -got- the hang of it otherwise, but diplomacy seems unrefined and war is utterly unavoidable no matter what kind of victory you're aiming for. I've not been able to survive a single game without investing heavily in warfare, often at the expense of everything else, due to the combat driven AI.The one and only game I ever managed to create any sort of 'peace', it had pretty much become a Cold War of just building more and more combat units, just to prevent war. While there was literally no space left to expand otherwise. Maybe this is an artistic statement, in a sense. When all the land is taken, there's no other choice than to kill your brother for his land.All in all, I would only recommend this game if you prefer your Civ-style games be more action-packed and are prone to combat oriented games. Otherwise, you might prefer to wait until Civilization: Beyond Earth for your Alpha Centauri spiritual successor."
76561198138953198,Not Recommended,287580,11038629,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,QuietNote,This is not really good ... I can feel that not a lot of work has been put into this game's development.
76561198032789427,Not Recommended,287580,11500684,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Windless Bear,"Something about this game simply isn't fun. I'm not sure whether it's the blatant hostility every living thing has for you, the odd unfair advantages the AI players get (a former and 2 troopers before I have my first former constructed, somehow), the inability to control population growth at ALL, the seemingly pointless tile improvements (just build forests most of the time?), or the fact that military units are almost ""throwaway"" value... when I realized how many little unpleasant aspects there were to this game I lost all desire to play it."
76561197975745721,Not Recommended,287580,12216468,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Miguel,"a civilization copy, but nothing near as promising as the trailers look like. Way to simple."
76561198007436750,Not Recommended,287580,11497576,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Khupa,"If you're a Civ or Alpha Centurai vet who's looking to find your Space/Science fiction fix, then this will definitely do the job Temporaly.But Civilization:Beyond Earth is coming this fall.  So if you like save some $$$ and wait a little for a game wit better quality in varius areas Comparing wit Pandora that has been lacking."
76561197981611570,Not Recommended,287580,12271867,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,rolly_k,So after playing for most of a day I can say this game is not really worth the asking price.  Generally the game does have faults in the way the maps are randomized everyone pretty much is starting on top of each other.Progress is slow in terms of researching helpful techYes it does randomize the tech tree but does not really add to the experienceUnits are either over powered or under powered so not much challenge during battlesDiplomacy seems ok in this game which surprised me.Wait till it gets down to $!0 and you will be happier but I can not recommend this game
76561198006767590,Not Recommended,287580,21467119,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,wistful_dread,"Really, it comes down to one issue: The AI is genocidal. Once war is declared (which the AI is perfectly hapy to do so through Non-Agression Pacts, and even breaking an Alliance), the AI cannot be peaced out until at least 10 turns. And they onl ypeace with the player. Against other AI, they WILL fight to the end. During which, other factions are VERY likely to dogpile on. In the guaranteed event that one faction is eliminated, the faction who took that last city WILL be declared on by ALL other Factions, regardless of diplomatic status. Especially if YOU were the one to do it.  Either the player has the spend the entire game Policing the world and keeping factions form wiping each other out, doing it themselves and defending agaisnt the world coalition, or simply make peace that then end game will be them VS the single remain nuclear power. Seriously, way too many nukes.Were it not for this, the game woudl be fun. Lost of customization, tech tree is sectionally generated, and packed with cool stuff.But the AI in this game makes Civilization's Gandhi look like... Real Gandhi."
,Not Recommended,287580,11065669,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Phobia,"Only get this game if you intend to play multiplayer, the ai cheats so badly it knows when you are weak, where you are and it knows what to do."
76561198031859124,Recommended,287580,30493500,Posted: 13 March,all,jtucsok,I like it more than civ beyond earth in a lot of ways .
76561198038091144,Not Recommended,287580,25645076,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Knight6726,So many confusing things about the combat system and the way units move that it makes the game completely unenjoyable and very frustrating.
76561198011712006,Not Recommended,287580,11667292,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,grizlovs,"I've been looking forward to Beyond Earth, so tried to replay Alpha Centauri and this one. And this one is really terrible. Everything is pretty bad and maybe for the first time I want a refund. No atmosphere, no design, terrible science random system, aliens... well, they are just raging. And nothing more. Faction leaders - faceless. All factions act the same. Unit constructor only annoys you each discovered tech. I really think the game is nonsence. Sorry for the team, but I really think so. It lacks soul, for which one can ignore annoying things, and so it is a dead-born title for me. Sad."
76561197991391480,Not Recommended,287580,10961903,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,wyldrose,"Pandora tries very hard to be a good spiritual successor to Alpha Centauri, but it falls down hard in several key areas:1)It horribly, desperately, without argument needs a thorough and accurate manual. ""Ask on the forums"" does NOT cut it. Experienced SMAC players will likely muddle through, but only with a lot of trial and error. Novices will be completely lost.2)The minimum requirements are not high enough. I exceed them and have all the graphic settings turned down (because, seriously, who needs fancy-pants animated graphics for a turn-based 4X game?) and the game can't even keep up with the mouse. The mosue focus keeps lagging behind the cursor, so the wrong things get clicked on. Annoying and tedious, which are not adjectives I like to apply to my leisure activities.3)The description does not mention that the game is more focused on the combat side of things than most entries in the genre. There is no culture, no religion, minimal diplomacy and between two types of aggressive aliens and the other factions, expect to be pounded constantly. This isn't a bad choice per se, as there are lots of people who like this play style, but it should be clearly stated in the marketing text."
76561198011178575,Not Recommended,287580,13279630,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ProphetMikey,"If you've played a lot of Civilization (from I-IV) then this game will seem like a heavily dumbed-down version of that classic series. There's a lot of complexity missing, and even a lot of basic commands that would've made the game a lot more enjoyable.But if you're after something simple that looks pretty - and if you thought CivV was great - then you might really enjoy the slick visuals and simplified gameplay.Oh, and no game should take this long to load before it even reaches the main menu!"
76561197972940535,Not Recommended,287580,11571790,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Blackthorne,Was very much looking forward to this - am still very much an Alpha Centauri fan and this was looking like a great spiritual successor to it and the expansion - and am finding myself to be exceptionally disappointed; encountered so many gameplay issues and involuntary resets it just wasn't funny and has led to me to give up on further attempts.Will save my coin for Beyond Earth.
76561198090200509,Recommended,287580,15591866,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,FollowTheWay,very fun
76561198038997483,Not Recommended,287580,10423049,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,{GFF}Zahnee,do not buy this game right now. the game constantly crashes making it unplayable in the late game. wait till this is fixed before buying.
76561197999380445,Not Recommended,287580,10458237,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Twisted Reality,"This isn't Civ in space, it could be if the devs get rid of the weird AI balancing issues. I've had games where i've lost in 5 turns as the AI's turned up with 15 units and decimated me. The aliens seem to be over powered too with hive producing more than one unit per turn. If the devs keep working on this game it could be a great 4x game, but i think i'll stick with Civ V for now.7/10 for effort3/10 for the game"
,Not Recommended,287580,12304793,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,safyia,"Pandora is a good game with a few things that ruin the game.1. There is no manual no wiki nothing about how to play the game. Few tips appear while playing, but since I did not know a thing about anything, it wasn't helpful at all.2. As the game progresses, waiting for an opponents turn seems like an eternity.3. It gets repetitive pretty soon, the tech trees are all the same, just improving some stats, no real use of weapons or cool gadgets, since every battle is just click to kill.and the last4. No campaign at all. This would have been an awesome thing, there could have been a really cool story going on, while teaching you everything etc. Missed a great opportunity.5. I played only one game, trying to win economically as the economic faction .The difficulty was set to easy, since I was only learning it. Everything went better than expected, only one faction remained, I was at 99% to victory, every city guarded and than a f***ing agent came out of nowhere and stolen almost everything, putting me back to 22% and losing. How the hell is that possible. Who came up with that AI???? I would like to know how to defend myself against agents, but where? I could find more tutorials on how to eat a banana then on how to play this game.Overall, I had a lot of fun in the first third of the game, I loved the sci-fi mood of the game, but because of the missing tutorial, campaign and awful AI, I would not buy it again."
76561197988650009,Not Recommended,287580,10476636,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Supreme Pizza,"Poorly  balaned and comfused clone of alpha century. Its messy, full of bugs, and rather disappointing. Looking for a refund."
,Not Recommended,287580,11239743,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,SkyMarshal,"Tries to imitate Sid Meyer's Alpha Centauri and fails, sadly."
76561198010053466,Not Recommended,287580,11100024,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Torklan,This game is a poor atempt to cash in on the up coming remake of Alpha Centari. While it has some nice ideas (Alien units and military unit custimization) it fails in computer AI. The  only differnce in a Very Hard AI and a Very easy one is in a few small bonuses and/or penilties. This game is worth playting with friends not against the computer.
76561198054722102,Not Recommended,287580,10678217,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Izuku Midoriya,"I think I would really enjoy playing it.... if it worked on my home computer, or laptop. When I hit play Pandora it will just stay on a black screen, and nothing will happen for a good 15-20 minutes. I would give it a thumbs up if it worked. If you have anything to help me that would be awesome."
,Not Recommended,287580,11326241,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,michael.sicarii,"This is basically Alpha Centauri regurgitated. I bought it hoping it would be similar, and it turned out to be similar enough without being an exact copy. The game got that part right. The problem is - the game is SO HARD - even on the easiest setting, you consistently lose. There is no way to turn off or control some of the most annoying features of the game like whether or not (or when) the aliens attack, or if the intelligent aliens return or not. You cannot trade technologies with other factions, or fine tune your diplomacy with them. The graphics look nice... Seriously, I'm having lots of buyers remorse with this game. This is one of those games that you might be able to win if you quit your job, don't have a life and just play it 24/7 & 365. No thanks."
,Not Recommended,287580,10455439,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Wolfman,"Don't buy this game, u spend the entire game defending yourself from aliens, you're incredibly lucky if u can get and keep more then one city. You can't build workers coz the AI just swarms all over your cities destroying all your weak units and when the messari invade it's just more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, you get no warning then all of the sudden the entire map is covered in infestation and you just end up having all your people starve and units sold whilst it spreads quicker then you can get rid of it"
,Not Recommended,287580,29216073,Posted: 12 January,all,Slawdaddy,"overly difficult and makes absolutely no sence, impossible to maintain food requirements. Buy civ instead"
76561198032931127,Not Recommended,287580,23884259,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,McSilver,Got to be the worst alpha centari wanna be ive come accross.
76561198026394897,Not Recommended,287580,14523208,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hulaboy616,total crap
76561198043711616,Not Recommended,287580,13060341,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Peter B Jordanson,"An unimaginative rip of Civ & Alpha Centauri.Adds nothing to the genre, is less engaging and less customizable than others in the genre."
76561197970483901,Recommended,287580,31932261,Posted: 24 May,all,Bellicose,Greay AI
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,287580,12306617,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"I will keep this brief.It is just not that good, not terrible but not great, you have seen it and done it.There is nothing new in this, just copied ideas etc, in the end ends up boring to play and also not very nice to look at.There is alot better around, try Endless Legend, now thats a 4x game!"
,Not Recommended,287580,20282663,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gold_guardian,Warning this game is impossible. Despite watching tutorial vidoes on Youtube so that I would be speed on how to play I was still getting rolled by the ai on the Very easy diffuclty setting!
,Not Recommended,287580,21675598,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ivanoff Alex,"It was just a spike, some strange ad illogical game."
76561198048784622,Not Recommended,287580,18343185,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,laundrypirate13,Just not very good.
,Not Recommended,287580,21653870,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Titanium900,"Worst Game Ever, the AIs are overpowered, and the wait times for times are too long."
76561198035890110,Not Recommended,287580,10503784,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Toofan,"Dont buy this game.. its a waste of money. All the units look the same regarding the factions, its a cheap civ 5 spin off, graphics, story, voiceover could have all been better, cheap game made in a hurry to rob my money."
76561197995729112,Not Recommended,287580,12303768,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Skrelk,Seems like a boring rip-off of Civ V.
76561198042261375,Not Recommended,287580,13703387,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,benenator314,"No real story, most humans are Caucasians and rendered as embarassingly plain, artificial-looking 3D-modeled heads, and just generally no soul. This is no Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri, not even close. Mechanically, though, it's sound enough, so if you can overlook those things, or if there are mods somewhere when you read this, go ahead and get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,287580,12675464,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,General Pinochet,"Really on good on multiplater, singleplayer beware, the game is extremely hard to get anything working, and the ai will do everything it can to destroy you, always rushing you, or sending endless waves of enemies at you. Beyond is worth much more."
76561198092539868,Recommended,287580,29188618,Posted: 11 January,all,Wraith,"Great game-must buy,better than beyond earth."
76561198111992000,Not Recommended,287580,10404687,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,kanluxm,"Bad game, no way you can win!   money back please!better name will be Aliens last contact."
76561198037253606,Not Recommended,287580,10306706,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,willowannelyra,"IF you close a tip prematurely, there appears to be no way to actually get gameplay instructions for this game.  I thought I understood how to move units, so I closed the tip.  Turns out I don't know how to move units, which has rendered this game completely unplayable. Visiting thier support page, I found someone who had a similar issue.  They were told the 'manual' (a series of stories about the factions, which would be awesome if it also had gameplay basics included) was written under the assumption that you already know how to play a '4X' game, and to rely on the gameplay tips given in game.  GREAT ... except that didn't work for me and I'm not inclined to post a request for help when previous requests are given an answear like that."
76561197965451987,Not Recommended,287580,10358455,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Zpyder,"Complete copy of Civilization 5 on a weird planet. The graphics are just worse, much worse, some tiles i cant even see what it's supposed to be. Also, there's no auto function to explore, which means youll have to manually moving your explorers around on a huge map...I wouldnt recommend this game under any circumstances, for this price your much better served buying Civ5. Same game, just better graphics and programming.This game is clearly not made by someone with a vision or good idea, they just copied another game to make money. BOOOOH!!!"
,Not Recommended,287580,10303914,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,danmp19,"The concept is intersting.  Howevere, the game is unplayable due to all the wildlife.  They block all the tiles, preventing movement and are very strong so can't be killed and often kill or damage units inside and outside base.  There isn't even an option to have no wildife, only to have less.  Even at the lowest wildife setting was still extremely highly populated.  In additoin, the spore points make new city founding very difficult."
76561198031146935,Not Recommended,287580,10301429,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,merrygecko,ridiculously hard
76561198121648733,Not Recommended,287580,28461153,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,white1498,needs mods.
76561198079873635,Recommended,287580,25993181,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Eric,The two issues I've had with the game are as followed. War is the only way to win. There are few actual factions so variety of matches are stunted some what. Otherwise it is a fun game that I have spent a lot of time playing.
,Recommended,287580,13753186,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jacob_Applehoof,"This game is amazing. Even at $30 it is a great game. Yes, it looks like an indy game, but it sure doesn't play like one. Imagine Civ: Beyond with upgrading, more complex building structures, and an overall more versitile feeling. It lacks the polish, but not the content."
,Recommended,287580,13787764,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,H387,"Picked this up based the Extra Credits endorsement, and I'll say out the gate that I don't regret the (sale price) purchase. The game does a lot of things right that Civilization: Beyond Earth -didn't- do, and if you're a fan of the classic Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri (I am!), then this will bring back fond memories.THE GOOD:Pandora plays like a rework of SMAC for the modern platform. The factions are very reminiscent of the original SMAC factions and the unit customizaton is well-done (if a bit lacking in variety). The interface is slick and easy to use - I had few cases where I couldn't find information I was looking for. Graphically, it's on par with competitors like Civ: BE or Endless Legend - while I don't necessarily play 4X for the graphics, these are well-done and I particularly like the look of many alien units (a Leviathan underwater looks impressive, and rightly so!).Possibly my favorite feature is the resource pooling: instead of per-city farming/production, raw resources (food and minerals) go into a civ-wide pool, and each city has growth and production rates that use resources from the pool. This is a MUCH more modern take on 4X gaming - it's always frustrated me in similar games that I couldn't have a region producing a lot of food export that to other cities, and Beyond Earth's attempt to manage it with Trade Routes really didn't cut the mustard for a number of reasons. This hit the nail spot-on.THE BAD:Like Beyond Earth, Pandora suffers from serious balance issues. Some terrain features provide an overwhelming advantage through the entire game: a flat +50% to production or research for a city is unbeatable if you have it and someone else doesn't. The tech tree is reasonably easy to figure out, but its nonlinear (and randomized, game-to-game) nature make it easy to cherry-pick the techs you want and advance quickly. It would have been nice to see some variety in the tree: by the time I got to the second 'era', I was just learning bigger copies of buildings I already had, and my interest petered out. I also found that by the mid-game, the native populations had vanished and were no longer a threat (even after the major event adding new ones); this is a sharp contrast to SMAC where, if you polluted, the aliens kept coming and kept getting worse.THE WTF:The AI is completely irrational. I've had cases where it goes from denouncing me to praising me to offering gifts to declaring war, all in the space of a couple dozen turns. While the faction-customized dialogue options are nice, the 'locked-in' nature of each option means that I have basically no way of telling what I did to♥♥♥♥♥♥it off, either.Overall, I like what I've played so far, (20 hours in) and plan to continue. The game is good, if not particularly challenging (due to the mentioned balance problems); I can see many places that it could have been better."
76561197983670658,Recommended,287580,13772264,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,RDef,"This game feels like a mix of Civ 4 (unit stacking), Civ 5 (hex grid), on top of Alpha Centuari (no special resources, unit modding, semi-random tech tree).It's harder than I expected, and the game somewhat 'levels up' at various points. Has a minor ecological ethic going on (you can genocide the alien populations), and a pollution metric.Enjoyable, difficult, and fun. Could be deeper - everything feels very 'surface'."
,Recommended,287580,13818907,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,xineohp,"This game is pretty fun once you get the hang of it.What makes the game really interesting and beyond that of other 4x planetary scale strategy games is the aliens.  Not only do you play against other opposing civilations, you must also fend off alien attacks.  You can even scale the difficulty of aliens so that you make your stay on the planet as inhospitable as you like.As you advance along the tech tree and build up your military might, the native aliens become less threatening and more of a nuisance.  Then you focus on playing war or politics with the other civilations.And then a sudden event happens, a super-powerful alien civilization starts dropping portals on the planet.  They are capable of wiping you and the other civilations out if you are not far enough along the tech tree to control them.All in all, it's a pretty fun game and you will fall into the trap of ""one more turn""."
,Recommended,287580,13759549,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SkipperSFMcDs,"10/10 as frustrating as beating your head in......No seriously, if you want a frustrating, not fun frustrating, but frustrating frustrating experience, I cannot reccomend this game more. I've only won once, and it was on a match where I had no other bots. You'd expect people who had their previous home destroyed and forced onto an hostile alien planet would try and band together to work, but even when they're on your own team they are reluctant to help. It's near impossible to keep morale up cause you run out of food and minerals quicky and your habitat runs out all too soon as well, not to mention if you even try to build a nice mine, farm, or even a luxury condo (ha ha just kidding,) the local wildlife, which some call the other factions, will gladly rip them up and toss them aside, and don't even get me STARTED on the damn aliens. Try and defend your area and then eventually everything will adapt to your own defences and, say for example you have equipment that allows you to kill soft, fleshy opponents, they'll bring in machines, lets say that you have machines, they'll bring in missles and other equipment that is useful agianst them. Now don't mistake me for ""WAHHHHH I WANT TO BE STWONG!"" or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ I enjoy a challenge, I really do, but this is almost impossible to win cause, surprise, everything wants to kill you or wants you dead, as I can guess on your teammates if you decide to put people on teams...Now to be honest, the game is kinda fun, but if you're expecting to last past everyone else, pray to RNG jesus to give you a good, defendable area and hope the much stronger aliens/factions have a really hard time getting to you, which I assure you, they wont."
76561198027585664,Recommended,287580,13842813,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,RagnorIronclad,"Pandora: First Contact is the real successor to Civilization IV, it hits the marks that Civilization V missed.- AI and Mods work in multiplayer- Deep tech tree, with the advantage of being somewhat randomised each game- Unit upgrades and customisation through equipment/loadout- Unit stacks to convey a feeling of scale- Granular control over city and empire maintenanceThere are a few downsides though.- Espionage is borderline broken.  Spies are stupidly overpowered if you don't block them, and completely useless when effectively blocked.- Maps by default are quite small- AI slots are limited by the number of factions, currently the maximum players is 7 with the expansion.Luckily the first two can be modded around by easily changing the xml files.Highly recommend the game, our gaming group has finally found the replacement for Civ IV."
,Recommended,287580,35456683,Posted: 3 October,all,callum.1997,"Loved the game, its like a good working version of civ beyond earth"
