user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198186396395,Not Recommended,287600,16285925,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Spiderdust8,"I'm only two hours in.,.. I don't know where the game ends but so far after a dozen or more apartment visits it feels like a whole lot of nothing going on. The character ruminates on events happening outside of her control, but I don't know if there is a challenge or fail state. It just keeps moving forward, even without completing all the apartment work. So I'm not getting much out of this right now. You do only two things: Look around and ""Click 'x' to sympathize"", to borrow from Call of Duty Advanced Warfare. And the looking around is excruciating because for  a game with little environmental scenery this game moves like a sloth. Even on lowest graphic settings it has the same frame rate drops as the highest setting. It's clear that this game needs graphical performance tuning.(ADDENDUM, June 22): It turns out that I'm missing half of the ideas in the game just by doing the chores alone. Angela expresses her thoughts in a the form of a diary and the way to see that is to sit down in the one lounge chair with a sheet over it. There are a lot of striking ideas being expressed in this moment that it is a shame if you miss it... And it's easy to miss because if you're out of time then you won't sit.(FINAL UPDATE, JUNE 24): Finished the game. There is an intellectualism in the writing, but the game is boring and frustrating. I enjoyed playing the vinyl records because they broke up the otherwise dire soundscape. Moving around was always a problem and on more than one occasion I found a chore item impossible to do: Thoroughly scoured the apartment but didn't find the objective. I appreciate the idea of trying new things in gaming, and there is one crucial diary entry that illuminated why this game exists, but otherwise the game was thematically all over the place and full of mood swings. It felt more like a gaming transposition of someone's blog than an actual story. In that regard I felt as though I had been tricked into someone else's indulgence."
,Not Recommended,287600,16665243,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Warboys,"This isn't a good game, even when you come at it with an open mind. As a hidden object Gone Home-like, it fails on many parts due to its poor communication/UI and limited, shallow level. As a narrative experience, I'm finding myself constantly confused by the flip-flopping protagonist and the seemingly random thoughts that don't have much of a link to what's happening outside the window. Coupled with some very long and grating diary entries and a LOT of filler content to artificially increase its length, this isn't going to get recommended.At its full retail price it's insanely overpriced, even on a 50% sale it was overpriced. The quality is just not good enough.As a side note, when you look at the developer's dev diary and subsequent Twitter reactions to comments about it, I just can't support Tale of Tales no matter how much they've apparently 'given' to the indie scene with their pioneering art games. They disrespect an entire medium and audience because their game flopped. It flopped because it's a poor quality game and the marketing was abysmal (a significant amount of comments say they didn't know it was out)."
,Not Recommended,287600,16083603,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Game Daddy,"Ok i did a video review, that i will post below, so ill try and just give you the cliffnotes. im going to start with the cons because thats what the majority of this ""game"" is made of.CONS:Poorly written story, with bad pacing, and amaturistice dialogBoring and uninteresting characters, all two of them (Three if you count the brother)The most boring and repetitive gameplay i have ever seenPoor animationsPoor optimization (major frame rate issues)Buggy (Lighting, clipping, and crashing are the big ones)WAY TOO LONG (Its a boring slog that youll be forceing yourself through half way through the game)PROS:Good soundtrackInteresting concept (but poorly done)Interesting setting (70s latin america, but this wasnt taken advantage of)so in short DONT buy this, get Gone Home. has a simmilar concept but its done so much better. yes gone home is shorter but its much more interesting.UPDATE:After contacting Steam, the dev, and The Humble Store directly requesting a refund from one of the three i recived a reply. The Humble Store (the only one of the three that responed) finaly responed and in less than a week i had a full refund. Please note that I made this request before Steam's new refund program.UPDATE 2: steam did eventualy reply but told be to talk to the humble store, and like i said humble issued a refund.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAJZJ_ER9Jc&feature=youtu.be"
,Not Recommended,287600,15995899,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,TRAVisty James | TSE,"6.5/10this was a hard one to ratei personally really like it when games try to take on a serious issue in an imaginative approach. sunset did an excellent job of submersing the player into a world surrounded by conflict, taking an unusual passive approach. having the player in the role of a housekeeper was a brilliant way to put the player in the shoes of a civilian, even in times of war responsibilities must be kept. i wan to see more games attempt this.however the inescapable truth was that this game was about twice as long as it really should be, to the point where i just kept asking myself ""is this ever going to end?"". i put in around 6 hours, and for a story like this it really should have been more like 2. and the price didn't justify the content. i see that there's some replayability in the story, but i was so exhausted by the end that i simply didn't have the time or the patience.in summary:this game should have been 1/2 as long and 1/4 the price6.5/10"
76561198141251809,Not Recommended,287600,16862153,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,char565,"game mechenic is that you get 2-5 tasks which range from wipe widows to help copy documents, all accomplished by walk - click,and the process is static screen so there isnt any content particularly relate to that process, its a walk (in the same house) experience, and during each day of work , there will be a monologue tells you the progress of the story, its a very experimental interaction novel actually, the 3d enviroment doesnt provide so much entertainment, if there is any. btw, the graphic performance is not very good, means the graphic is laggy, but dunno whether this problem is incidental just to me. the price is also too high, personally i think a 4.99usd will be just."
,Not Recommended,287600,17088402,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,kathaleanie,"This game could have been better if the pacing was faster. I felt the story literally dragging me along each time I was supposed to enter the apartment. I like the story telling mechanics, but I was disappointed that we didn't see more of the regime effecting the world around the apartment. I couldn't truly feel for the characters because the protagonist merely ""described"" what was happening. I think this game could have showed more of what was happening than rely solely on the descriptions of the protagonist.Overall, this game is really repetitive, but has a great story. I wouldn't recommend it simply because I was getting bored of the protagonist telling me what was happening with the world."
,Not Recommended,287600,17449444,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Jasyla,"In Sunset you play Angela Burns, an American living in a fictional Latin American country under an oppressive regime. Angela is the housekeeper for Gabriel, a powerful man in the government. Though the backdrop of civil unrest and revolution is potentially interesting, the game itself often isn't.Each day you take an elevator up to the posh penthouse. While Angela narrates some thoughts you are presented with the list of tasks to do, though you can do more (or less) if you'd like. The main mechanic of the game, is that you can perform tasks warmly or coldly. How you perform these actions affects your relationship with your absent employer. I didn't even notice there were options on how to perform tasks until a few days in. Then all of a sudden, after choosing to paint a wall red instead of blue, leaving some lights on, and moving some slippers, Angela and Gabriel were on the cusp of a romantic relationship.The idea of romancing your boss, especially given the nature of the working relationship, wasn't one I was entirely comfortable with. The fact that Gabriel wasn't even present in the game, and Angela never met him, made it even more strange. However, once I was started, I continued down the romantic path to see where it went. After a while, Angela and Gabriel start communicating via notes left around the apartment, though the content of these notes don't seem to affect Angela's narration of the world events.Sunset started out on rocky terrain by making the gameplay about housekeeping. That's not really something I want to do in my own apartment, never mind choosing to pretend to do it in a video game. The story isn't strong enough to make up for this. It takes a long time for anything interesting to happen. Days and days went by before the gameplay started integrating into the story of civil war. About an hour in, I was quite bored. Eventually, some interesting tidbits of information start appearing, but they were spread so thinly throughout the game.The game isn't completely without charms. The voice acting is good, the music is great, and I enjoyed the increasing focus on art in the latter parts of the game. But it's just not enough. There are good things in this game, they are few and far between. Had the game been 2 hours instead of 4, I think some of the issues could have been solved, but as it is, Sunset just wasn't an engaging experience."
76561198043449892,Not Recommended,287600,17177354,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,My-Songbird,"The worst part about this game is the price, that was the real killer. If it was around $5.00 or so, then I could see investing a little time in it. The game is exactly what it says it is, a walking simulator. That can work in some cases if the story is intresting enough or the interactions in the world around you are unique. Sunset, however, lacks both. It takes far too long to get invested in any actual story/drama, The interface is choppy and annoying, there is no real goal set up (that is to say, no end in sight), and to top it all off its grossly overpriced. Don't buy this game, or at least wait for it to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,287600,16662209,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BottledGodka,"In this game you do household chores while trying to get a Puerto Rican man to give you his churro.Edit: I mean I guess you don't have to take the Dominican's tamale but at the end of the day, you're still taking care of his apartment."
,Not Recommended,287600,15930762,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Dicky,"I've been waiting a bit for this game and quite looking forward for its release.But that changed after I played for an hour, and was met with slow-paced storytelling, boring chores and not that great aesthetics.The first thing i noticed how little flattering the graphics were. Sure the lightning and color was nice, but pixelated reflections and textures that melts together utterly ruined that for me. Especially when I checked the trailer again to see if I was maybe remembering it to look better.On a side note I also thought the sound was a bit off. Not sure if it's the quality they used, but I didn't get in the mood they were going for here.It has bizzare controls, instead of one button to interact with, they have four. Why?The chores are boring. I know that you're a housemaid, but still, I think they shouldn't be in the game. Not those at least.I feel the only key selling point this game have is the story. I did enjoy how they caught me off guard at one point, but that was because the story didn't pick up before too late.I really hoped this was going to be better, and now I'm going to to something else than playing this again."
,Not Recommended,287600,18294688,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,theglasskat,"Seemed like an interesting concept at first, and I loved the aesthetic, so I bought it.Couldn't get it to run at all.Watched a playthrough, and it's honestly one of the most dull games I've ever seen.The main protagonist is terrible to listen to, and there aren't even any animations for any of the work you do.This game could have the most interesting story, but there's nothing to keep me engaged to get to that point.And you're asking for $20? Wow. I'm glad I got it in a bundle and didn't have to pay more than a dollar or two. I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,287600,17685622,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,The Root Of All Evil,"""Here is my politics. Here is a choose your own adventure between the soapboxing. There goes the enjoyment I get out of gaming. Here comes the refund."""
76561197993349383,Not Recommended,287600,21115635,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Marmosette Larynx,"Really strong premise, and a bold subject, but sadly the mechanics really seem to fall short of what the game seems to be trying to do.There simply isn't enough to do in the game. You find the objects that you can click on in the apartment, and decide to do A or B, with the knowledge that you will A: increase romance, or B: increase neutrality. For a game trying to handle political upheval and socioeconomic injustices between classes and nations, this really isn't enough. There's a little to explore in the environment to drive the narrative deeper, there are a few events that occur, but overall it just comes off empty.If the goal was to create a sense of absraction from the outside world, an isolation from real life in a penhouse stronghold, then the monologuing from the player character throws it off, being too rightous and full of revolutionary potential. And the romance throws this whole potential narrative out of whack.If the goal was to show the potential for one person to make a difference, for the individual lives of disperate groups to intertwine, then the lack of gameplay choices really suffocates this narrative. And the monologuing again has a tendency to not fit, throwing revolutionary ideals around while you post cutesy notes around.It's a powerful game for about half an hour, or until the first instance of violence happens. After that, it's pretty lame."
76561198025411932,Not Recommended,287600,33019960,Posted: 29 June,all,Doppel,"I'm glad I got this on discount. This game was frustrating.  Aside from creating horrible motion sickness if I played for more than 1 hour, the game treats you like garbage.More than once I found myself unable to complete an objective regardless of having done so on previous weeks simply because doors were closed or the items needed were not accessable. I can't decide if that was the entire point this game was trying to make at how utterly useless you are that you cannot 'set the table' using a table cloth found elsewhere in the flat.I was genuinely interested in seeing this play through as a story, but the game mechanics were so distracting due to how unpredictable they were. Maybe I couldn't achieve all of these things unless I went back and did things differently on prior days, but there is no way I will ever try replaying this game to find out.I think this is one example of a game that would have done much better off as a novel. Maybe then I both would have felt more invested in following the story and spend less time worrying over missing out symbolism, accidentally following red herrings, or missing key details of the story,"
,Not Recommended,287600,21600369,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,mrmarcusroberts,"I'm so sorry to post a negative review, but I honestly have no idea what I did for 5 hours. The story wasn't deep enough to warrant such a slow pace, and I kept waiting for a big reveal somewhere.I enjoy similar games that have been dubbed walking simulators, but this just never pulled me in, and I was exhausted and relieved to have finally finished it."
76561197970451270,Not Recommended,287600,29735787,Posted: 5 February,all,TheDramaticGamer,"I really wish I could recommend this game - the premise seemed very interesting, and the story has a lot going for it in terms of premise.But in terms of execution, it falls flat. The game itself is repetitive and dull and the presentation of the plot falls flat. I went into this expecting story, but the presentation and lack of exploration and/or gameplay really sank it for me.The idea of your actions affecting the storyline is interesting, and that concept does present some interesting persistent elements in the game, but overall it ends up feeling like an unfinished or poorly-executed mechanic (e.g. turning lights on to make the apartment feel more inviting ends up being a very boring farming-type process).I think the concept is excellent and the plot is intriguing, but there's not enough going in terms of gameplay and overall execution to make it worth the purchase."
76561197974729735,Not Recommended,287600,21316997,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Cloud_IX,"Truely terrible, boring and repitive. I wouldn't even recommend watching a lets play."
,Not Recommended,287600,21259451,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,davidevoid,"It pains me to say this but the game is a technical mess. After trying to see past all the issues for a good few hours I ended up requesting a refund.It seemed like a fairly interesting game but it was almost unplayable, I have since started playing The Novelist which has a similiar concept of walking around a small lived in space over a peroid of days, that game thankfully funs like a dream.If all the technical issues were ironed out I'd re-buy it in an instant but sadly I'm left thinking maybe the developers of Sunset bit off more than they could chew."
,Not Recommended,287600,31124983,Posted: 13 April,all,Flabbiercheese,"It was good at first, but it becomes fairly repetitive. I found myself losing interest after the first few days."
,Not Recommended,287600,32533217,Posted: 18 June,all,Trukmuch,"I'm a good fan of walking simulators when there is a good story to back it up. The context was pretty interesting, a subject and area that is not often spoken of in video games. You are a maid in charge of the house of a very important person and must do some cleaning and so everyday following the instructions of the owner that you'll never see in person.I got bored very quickly, there are so few things to do everyday and the game doesn't have a lot to say."
,Not Recommended,287600,31735023,Posted: 13 May,all,Madbat,"I wanted to like this game, the art style was interesting and fit with an overall 70's theme, but after just under an hour I already found it a clunky pixel hunting slog-fest. Trying to figure out how to clean the windows is not my idea of a good time. I won't go as far as to say this is a bad game, I just never found it engaging...at all."
76561197998266429,Not Recommended,287600,24372659,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,T_Neumann,"+ The music and voice acting easily the best thing about this game, love the ability to play records.- Unfortunately everything else just meanders a bit too long. 'Choice' games really need to feel you are following a story of a character you care about. It's very diffcult to find an emotional connection with the protaganist here.- Neutrality is not an option here, and the game definitely encourages you to join/help the revolution and also have a relationshp with Mr Ortega.5/10"
,Not Recommended,287600,19466373,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Salmon,Angela Burnes did niner leven.
,Not Recommended,287600,23131655,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [*0* | 1 | 2] = ~17% (0%-33%)Since I couldn't really play it, I can't say if it would be 1of4 or 2of4, so I'll just give it a 1of3.Got this at 90% off (->2€) but still refunded it. Reason: Broken interface. (Most of the 31 minutes game time were spent changing options and contacting the devs via their website.)Maybe (or maybe not) Sunset is a great creation on some level, but the devs failed the interfacetoo damn hardfor me to ever find out. Therefore, I rather don't force myself through this and choose to ""send them a message"".BROKEN MOUSE CONTROLMouse speed depends on frame rate (so, even depends on where you look). If you look up and pull the mouse down quickly, you end up looking straight ahead, but if you do it slowly, you end up at the bottom, so this is absolutely not a mouse acceleration issue. (Even if so, whose fault would that be.)Something is just really really broken with the mouse controls. The horz/vert mouse speed options are effective, but the speed is much too inconsistent, so it's not remotely a working fix.Another problem: In the optional very cool 2.5D mode which prevents converging vertical lines (Photographers know what I mean.) which I would really like to use, the vertical mouse speed is always at max while you stand still, but is at whatever you set it to while you walk around. Bro-ken!The game otherwise looks very good, has FOV slider with wide range, etc. - one would think that all is well, but the mouse control isprimary, it's what connects me to (or keeps me away from) a 3D 1st person game world, and it's justto damn brokenin this case.That's why I suggest to stay the hell away from this game."
,Recommended,287600,23833381,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,hoserama99,"Another pretentious walking simulator? Yes! This is one I liked.I couldn't tell you exactly why - maybe it was the unique experience of being a black maid cleaning some rich guy's place during a revolution - but I found it oddly compelling, at least enough to want to see the story through to the end.The artwork was certainly different, and the apartment design was very mod-70s. I guess that appealed to me too - you don't see that sort of thing very often. The serious pretentiousness in the story (and everything that surrounds it) is sky high. Not sure why it clicked with me, but it did.Without a doubt, this game will be an acquired taste. Performance is not great - luckily it doesn't need to be. That said, I was playing on an i7 4790 4GHz with an Nvidia GT 960, so...weaker rigs could conceivably find it unbearable - dunno."
76561198005357441,Not Recommended,287600,21398349,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SinRopa,"Easily the most outlandish war game I've seen, obviously.I liked what it tried to do and looking at it solely from story / art concepts I felt:-Progressed poorly at parts-Emotions and events were never well tied together.-Art and music were great tools-She never should have met him and more - I shouldn't have waited for nothing just to be left out.-Hated the happy ending (based on my choices, maybe)From a gameplay standpoint:-Very boring-Very slow-The text, humming, and overall content got old really fast-A lot of very obvious bugs and design flaws that show little testing was done (objects thru walls, dead characters in clearly seen text)TLDR: A very different concept that I knew was going to suck based on review videos. I picked this up only for the solid 100 achievements list - as that is what I enjoy. I liked the art (not the graphics or effects) and I liked half the music. The idea was interesing, the game is weak."
76561198037001575,Not Recommended,287600,21266258,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Gammar51,"So I guess its my turn to give my left cross and right hook to this game or was it right cross? whatever. You play as the worlds laziest maid who is given a few tasks such as cleaning the windows and arranging flowers (something that should just take minutes) and spends hours justifying her more then generous paycheck with her her halfassed cleaning attemps all the while bittching about how she is an independent women trying to be an engineer and treating the world like it placed HER in cleaning dutys and also being stuck in a city sieged by war (wich you will never see). During the days you have the choice of chosing Clean halfassed for more then needed time and sorta halfassed cleaning for even more time, then if given enough time  you didnt waste cleaning the floors you can pay a visit to ghost chair wich will make you hillucinate over pretintious journal entries and also respond to your employers sexual harassment via sticky notes with sarcasm or cold blooded put downs. OH DEAR i did forget that you have limited mobility as well. now not having a jump buttion is not an issue for me but the ability to RUN in a game that has you pressed for time is essental as well as crouching so you can get a better look at the firewood ERR i mean books that the empoyer reads (by wich you get achievments from) TLDR was not able to get a refund sadly oh well enjoy my money."
76561197974021377,Not Recommended,287600,21118753,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Xerxes,"This is the stupidest game I have ever played. I'm sure there is something worse than this out in the ether, but I haven't played it. At least Superman 64 let you fly around. Nobody wants to buy a game where you clean the floor, we have reality for that, we play games to escape from our real lives and do things we can't do normally. Go on big epic adventures. Enjoy a well crafted story. Or just experiment with the mechanics. It's supposed to be about fantasy, and entertainment. Why was it surprising to them that nobody liked this? Then the developer berated the community and said we didn't want to buy your game because we were all horrible people. This is so bad. I played this for 15 minutes, I'll probably never play it again. You just sit around cleaning the house, then you go to the next level and clean the house again. I'm supposed to empathise with this character, but you made a gross miscalculation. I don't. I hate this game."
,Recommended,287600,21405761,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,gamergrrrl,"This is not a game for everyone. I love walking sim, story rich, choice-based games (this game, exactly) so when I heard this game was in development back in 2014 I waited eagerly for over a year. I was not disapointed.I think this game is beautiful, for one thing. I was taking screenshots like they were going out of fashion. The story is also compelling and I loved hearing it from Angela's perspective.The orange and blue options were simple but they worked: they made me think before doing (which could have easily made the housework repetative).I thought that sometimes the journal entries were long and dull, I sometimes only listened to a few lines if the content was irrelevent to the current situation (often during a certain part mid-game where there were no lists and NO BREAKS FROM THE JOURNAL). But the writing was beautiful and it was important they touched on Angela's childhood and life as an African American woman.So yeah, I'm giving this the thumbs up. But make sure this is your kind of thing."
,Recommended,287600,22598899,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,symptote,"Sunset has a few gameplay issues (yes, sometimes Angela doesn't always go exactly where you want her to, yes, there's very little indication of what you're supposed to do at the beginning...there's probably a lot of nitpicking to do) but it makes a perfect use of the music, the -thoroughly researched- aesthetic and the general atmosphere of 70's Latin America to create a lasting experience.I don't believe this game has a message (it lets us peek into Angela's mind, who has a lot of opinions, as a well-rounded character should, but doesn't try to force them on the player) but rather that it tries to create a place for the player to reflect - on war, art, love. The strength of the narrative is not the journal excerpts, as interesting as they might be; it is the fact that every detail of the gameplay and the surroundings has been designed to help carry it forward. In that sense, it is much more of a ""real game"" than those who have to beat you over the head with what they're trying to say.It's certainly possible to be unmoved by Sunset - it is a peculiar game. Personally speaking, I think the strongest game experience I ever had was watching San Bavon slowly burning because of me while letting a requiem fill the air of the penthouse."
,Not Recommended,287600,20484728,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Bagame,ถ้าหากว่าเกมในสไตล์ Narrative-Based เน้นการอ่านเอาเรื่องราวมากกว่าระบบการเล่นคือของแสลงอย่างถึงที่สุดสำหรับแวดวงแล้วนั้น Sunset ก็คืออีกหนึ่งหลักฐานสำคัญ ที่บ่งบอกถึงความสับสนในแนวทางดังกล่าว แม้จะมีแก่นกลางและประเด็นที่น่าสนใจมากเพียงใดก็ตามTale of Tales ทีมพัฒนาสายเบลเยียมยังคงชัดเจนในวิถีสาย Video Game Art ของตนเองอย่างเหนียวแน่นเช่นเดียวกับผลงานก่อนหน้าอย่าง The Path และ Fatale ต่างกันตรงที่ Sunset นั้น บอกเล่าด้วยน้ำเสียงที่เจือการบีบบังคับ และการ Narrative อย่างชวนอึดอัด ในชีวิตและความสัมพันธ์อันยากจะอธิบายของ Angela Burnes แม่บ้านสาวผิวสีชาวอเมริกัน และ Gabriel Ortega นายจ้างหนุ่มใหญ่ที่เธอไม่เคยพบหน้า ในควันไฟสงครามกลางเมืองแห่ง Anchuria ประเทศสารขัณฑ์อเมริกาใต้ในแง่นี้ ความเปลี่ยวเหงา ความไม่แน่ใจ และการพัฒนาความสัมพันธ์ระหว่างตัวละครทั้งสอง แม้จะมีเป้าหมายที่ชัดเจน แต่ก็ดูจะติดขัดและกระชากออกไปสู่สิ่งที่ทำให้สะดุดทางอารมณ์อย่างรุนแรงในหลายต่อหลายครั้ง ซึ่งเป็นสิ่งที่ยากจะมองข้าม เมื่อเกมแนว Narrative ความลื่นไหลคือหัวใจหลักสำคัญ ไม่นับรวมปัญหาทางเทคนิคปลีกย่อยอีกเล็กๆ น้อยๆ ที่ไม่ร้ายแรงแต่ก็มากพอจนเป็นที่สังเกตได้โดยส่วนตัว ผมชอบเกมนี้ ชอบประเด็นที่มันอยากจะนำเสนอ และอารมณ์ความเหงาราวกับจะ 'กระทำความหว่อง' ผสมโลกร้าวๆ จากนิยายของมุราคามิ แต่ก็เป็นอีกหนึ่งเกมที่ไม่อาจจะเอ่ยปากแนะนำให้หามาลองเล่นกันอย่างพร้อมน้อมใจ มันขึ้นกับคุณ ว่ามองเกมแนวนี้ เป็นวรรณกรรม เป็นความแปลกใหม่.... หรือเป็นยาขมกันแน่
,Not Recommended,287600,19473876,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,CrtRmp_YorudanOtaku,"Bored me to death, If you wanna become a House maid this is an A++ Job training tool."
,Recommended,287600,21452235,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,zombiecamel,"It's hard to say it's a good game, hard to say it's bad, most definitely it is unique. I have enjoyed previous ToT games more and I knew Sunset will be a tough one.Sunset is driven by amazing narration, that made me feel emotions towards absent Gabriel and imposed a strange connection with the penthouse. But I also felt that at some point this excellent narration just broke it's legs and I wasn't interested anymore. Postomodern discourse was compelling, but was it enough to fill the blank spaces? The same with the apartement - beautiful, but slayed by the bad optimalisation and frame rate drops.On the brighter side, I sympathize strongly with Angela, one can rarely find this inteligent character in video games.Nevertheless, I liked the experience and I plan to read some of the books left by Ortega. Sunset raises some important questions on art, equality, relations between society and government and standard of living - and I hope for that reason it will be remembered,"
76561198045989928,Recommended,287600,35183035,Posted: 24 September,all,mat.d.ohio,Great method of presenting a story. Enjoyed my time here
76561198082286500,Recommended,287600,35073071,Posted: 19 September,all,Dovre,"This was pretty much one of the best adventure/exploration games i played in a long time. Smart, well written, emotionally investing, but a little clunky, and hard on the computer. Still, i want to play it again on a better system. Also, genuinely stylish. I need no more game elements than this, just give me an apartment to snoop around in."
76561198138967991,Recommended,287600,22500345,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,satie-san,"Sunsetis a game that will either bore you, or move you deeply. Personally, it has become one of my favourite games, thanks to the subtlety and beauty it displays.Sunsetencapsulates one year of the life of Angela Burnes, an educated and ingenious African-American woman who emigrated from the US to the imaginary South American country of Anchuria in hopes of finding another, different if not better, life, and got trapped in a civil war. She now has has to work as a housekeeper in the apartment of Gabriel Ortega, a rich citizen and lover of the arts. For the player, this translates as having to accomplish some mundane tasks, such as dusting statues or setting the table for dinner. However, it is barely the focus of the game, which is based upon a narrative that can be accessed through Angela's thoughts (namely the diary she keeps, her reflexions in the elevator and her remarks when she interacts with some objects in the apartment).Coming to know, little by little, who our protagonist is, what her thoughts are, is a beautiful experience, and it can be magnified by the relationship the player chooses to make her have with Ortega: while some may argue that a romantic relationship issuing from written notes between two people who never meet each other is a stretch, I reckon the game makes it work. And if the player doesn't want to go in that direction, a more neutral, friendship-based approach is possible. The political intrigue also adds a layer of oppression in the atmosphere of the game and plays an important part in understanding Angela's story. As the action is set in a context of civil war, violence always lingers in the background, visible to us only through the pillars of smoke that can be seen from the windows and the oppressive whirring of helicopters.The art itself is absolutely gorgeous. While Angela's gestures can be a little contorted, the apartment itself is a joy to the eyes, and art lovers can entertain themselves by finding the multiple references to various painters or sculptors that are visible through Ortega's possessions (Braque, Calder, Mondrian, to name a few). The lighting and shading changes constantly over the hour that Angela spends in the flat and sets a breathtaking ambiance. The writing of Angela's diary is good, and the plot unfolds slowly, but surely, leading to an ending that I personally found pleasant and quite unexpected.The world building is also impressive: we can see that the developers took time to research South American history (there is a strong parallel with the 70s in Chile) and culture, and enjoyed revisiting decades of design and architecture. The soundtrack, composed by Austin Wintory with numerous collaborations from fans that helped raise funds in the Kickstarter, is diverse and ranks from jazz to traditional folk songs, and even includes an entire requiem by an imaginary Anchurian composer that is inspired by Bach's work. From my point of view, it really did play a key role in creating this peculiar, enthralling atmosphere.I didn't experience many technical problems, only a few glitches when Angela has to choose between warm and neutral actions, and some difficulties with the Steam overlay. Unfortunately, I doubt Tale of Tales will release a patch to correct these malfunctions since they are now working on other projects than video games.Overall, I wouldn't recommendSunsetif you don't like games that take their time and are very character-driven. On the other hand, if you enjoy admiring art and subtle characterization, then I would advise you to let yourself sink in the atmosphere of this admirable game. It is worth it."
,Recommended,287600,21196413,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,GeekFresh,"I really enjoyed the rich story and character devlopment in this walking simulator; its strength is revealed while exploring the environment and discovering the world the characters live in. Players will experience relaxed stroytelling, a compelling backstory, and memorable character content as they progress through.  The game began to drag for me towards the end as the number of days documented by the main character felt excessive -- I thought there were several good/possible endings before reaching the actual end."
,Recommended,287600,29402700,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"An interesting method of story exploration, Sunset gives you bits and pieces of its story as you perform tasks in someone's home as a housekeeper. The story itself isn't groundbreaking, but the fresh presentation is worth trying. A well-made, charming game, Sunset definitely takes its time and isn't for everyone."
,Recommended,287600,27518643,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,opendeur,For those who are interested in the day to day process of a South American coup and the levels of secrecy and betrayal that come with it.
,Recommended,287600,21219230,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,colorlessness,"I enjoyed it; I think you probably have to like either walking simulators or dating games to enjoy it, but I like both.  It's sort of an anomoly as both a walking sim and dating game.  As a walking sim, the space you move around is pretty restrictive, and as a dating game, your choices are just yes/no and the game is pretty clear about which direction you're pushing things.  Not sure why leaving all the lights on is super-romantic, though.  The apartment you walk around is pretty nice and the use of lighting is really good.  I recommend it if you like walking sims in a nice/evocative enivronment with sort of a dating game thrown in on the side."
,Recommended,287600,20333511,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,BuckTheStar,"I don't know much about this point in time, but the atmosphere is good, the voice actor did a good job, and I could see some possible replayability later on,"
76561198032087697,Recommended,287600,20172555,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Rynard,"Don't listen to any nay-sayers negatively reviewing this game that don't have at least 7 hours on record (the amount of time for a decent playthrough in my opinion). If you like Gone Home or similar walking narratives, this game is for you. If you don't like these kinds of games, why are you playing/reviewing this in the first place? Anyway, I highly recommend this.  Short and sweet. Play it for yourself and you'll see why. Quick Tip: Try to write in your journal every day. It really enhances the experience. You'll know what I mean once you start playing."
,Recommended,287600,23327658,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ernie0013,"Sunset has a beautiful aesthetic which makes you feel like you really are in the 70's. The game starts off simple, but don't let that fool you; the game's story is deep and emotional. The game took longer to finish than I expected, but it was worth every minute I spent on it. By the end you'll really feel at home in that apartment. Don't play/buy this game if you expect action. This game is a beautiful story of two people who fall in love despite never meeting face to face. Or not, because you can make decisions that influence the story. It's worth it playing this game at least twice to see all the differences in the story. I heartily recommend Sunset if you like more than just shooters."
76561198194459855,Recommended,287600,26789001,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PhibesX,"So many negative reviews for this game. What a shame.Yes, it's a walking simulator. But there's a lot more to it. What I enjoyed the most was that it really made me walk in someone else's shoes and think about problems that I personaly don't face IRL."
,Recommended,287600,26408630,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Alessa0,"I am within, and without."
76561198077575940,Recommended,287600,16816126,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Rike,"There are maybe some kind of ""mini-spoiler"" in my review, but i think it doesen't matter. I don't think that there is the right and only solution in the game so my choises are very unimportent for the gameplay.At first. I really liked the game. I can't explain it, Sunset is.. not a usual game. its different. It works with a kind of soft skills. there is no hectic, no kind of action in this game and the mechanic is quite simple, right. but it makes me think. i finished the game 2 days before and i still remeber situations. yesterday i started it again. its a mix. on the one side you get in touch with the military szene outside the window. with all the danger, the bombs and war. Angela is woried about her brother who is a kind of rebell. on the other side you comunicate with mr. ortega. i get warm with him. than comes the situation, where i should decides what to do. should i do something what might brings mr. ortega in danger? is that really a thing i could decide?I am very happy, that i bought the game. this is my first review and i only write it because there are quite many bad ones. Sunset is not a game for anybody. the theme is special. but i must say, normely i hated war-szenarios. i'm more a kind of happy-ever-after-type. But for a person like me it is a nice confrontation with this theme. i startet to identify with angela. and i was a little bit upset, when i finished the game. it is like reading a book and make some desisions for the protagonist. it gave me a good feeling. and that is enough for me. :)oh, i played the game in english with german subtitles, and it worked very well."
,Recommended,287600,16809166,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kilzombie21,"This was more of an interactive artistic experience, rather than a traditional game.If you're expecting typical gameplay, this isn't it. Mechanics are simple, you work as a housekeeper, each day your time is limited to one hour. You can do your work, or not, I thought it was interesting that you had to balance what your character had to do for work, and what ""you"" as the player wanted to do - in this case, find out more about the story through diary entries. These entries only appear when you sit in a specific chair, and time progresses faster when you are sitting down.It definetly has a slow burn to it, but I thought that the character's performance was excellent. I also absolutely LOVED the music, as it is written and composed by Austin Wintory (I've you've played Journey, you'll know how beautiful it is.)I played this on a Mac, I'm not sure if it may just be my set up (it more than met minimum requirements) but the game ran horribly, even on low settings. I haven't tested it on a windows computer."
76561197970951366,Recommended,287600,17344162,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,corth,"Sunset is a very powerful interactive experience!  It's rare that I'm moved by a narrative anymore, but this game is one that has really made me feel a lot of things, and will stick with me for a long time.I do need to point out that even on a fairly powerful machine, the performance of this game was pretty bad at times.  Thankfully the pace is slow enough it really didn't detract from the experience, but clearly the developer could do a lot more optimization for future updates/games.  I susupect these issues came from doing dynamic lighting in Unity 4.x, where as Unity 5.x handles these things so much better now.  Also, strangely the graphics vary from sometimes looking gorgeous and stylized to other times looking muzzy and washed out.  But stick with the game... it's totally worth playing even with these technical issues."
,Recommended,287600,16752558,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,The Dainty Cossack,"A beautiful game that will put you in the main character's skin more tangibly than most games i've played. Beautiful story, original mechanics (being a housekeeper/bystander during a revolution) and interesting message.The game really shines in its atmosphere. You'll arrive each day before sunset to clean the apartment and the apartment would naturally evolve, like any apartment after a week. You'll grow to really love that apartment. Know its rooms, its nooks and crannies. You'll get to know your employer and his habits, his interests and concerns. The story will really begin when he'll leave you your first note thanking you for your hard work. You spent most of the game alone in that apartment eager to read his notes to find out what he wants to tell you or what he was thinking.I admit, the social justice themes get old after a few hours into the game. Yeah, war is bad, we get it, but it gets really stale. Luckily, you can avoid all that by avoiding writing the diary. I think the criticism this game has been getting is unfair - the game is quite good.The story is disjointed at times though... some things don't make any sense and will leave your head scratching. Clearly written by amateurs. Nonetheless, it's a better story than a close equivalent Gone Home for example.Overall, it's definitely worth it if you're looking for a different game like Gone Home and are interested in some social justice/anti war monologues."
,Recommended,287600,16860529,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Hypnotoad,"There are brief moments of clarity, insight, and humanity in this that mark the experience as worthwhile. The game is smart (as in, smartly written, and almost spare in its approach to interaction) but it doesn't bludgeon you around the head with its erudition (I'm looking at you, Talos Principle...)There are very clear nods to ideas and discussions that someone with an elaborately useless fine arts / humanties background would appreciate. And there are games that are played with the interface and the ideas of video-game conventions - the checklist, the arbitrary timer, the old modus of hunt-click-interact that we've been trained on since we were tiny little half-formed gamesters flinging cursors around the pocket-pixels of old Lucas-Arts adventures.But it never rubs your face in it. There's a set of simple tasks, and then those that are hidden - implied. Big questions, that might not gel with your own politics. Hey - what of it? Play through the character. Try to get inside her head - work through this little fragmentary window - filtered through genre conventions and cliche and bias...If we only watched the films that made us comfortable - if we only read literature we agreed with - we'd be lesser for it. Same for games.This is a worthwhile game. This is... interesting... despite its flaws. And it's... engrossing. It took about four hours of my evening without my even realising - just flicking through - day to day."
,Recommended,287600,17961418,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,mooz,"Finally, an understandable game from ToT! :)If you like ""slice of life"" simulators, then you should really like this game. It has exploration, decent pacing, and a story that invokes some serious thought. And as you complete tasks and develop a relationship, you get a nice sense of accomplishment.Note there may be just a tad anti-America sentiment in here, but it fits the story."
,Recommended,287600,16783311,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Chemtrail Dream,"Sunset explores some really cool ideas, a lot of it shines not in overt mechanics but in the subtle interplay of the conversation between the developer and the player through those mechanics. Brew some coffee late on a rainy night and give this one a play."
76561197970262379,Recommended,287600,16936327,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,thegrommit,"This is a thought provoking, slow burn of a game set in one location.  Despite the use of a single level, there is enough variety to reward exploration.  The wonderful soundtrack also helps in setting the mood.   Definitely play it on a summers evening with the sun low in the sky for maximum effect.On the technical side, there are some performance issues, but the devs have provided lots of options to tweak with.   My only beef is with the selection mechanic as the interface seems to steer you to particular choices over others.In short, I enjoyed the game, despite some initial reservations.  From the looks of the achievement list, it may be worth replaying for some alternate paths through the storyline.Story Tip: persist with the diary entries in the latter stages of the game."
76561197984536710,Recommended,287600,17334483,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,tAk,"History is often made by the actions of  kings, presidents and dictators who act in accordance with their ideologies or their ambitions. They rule above the clouds, pretending to be gods, as they play their horrible wars and sordid plans.Sunset gives voice to an educated  and intelligent woman, who happens to be the janitor of a rich appartment, in a very poor country, during an undeclared civil war. It is an intimate and intense experience."
76561198028995401,Recommended,287600,17318799,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,nosiwohL,"This is an interactive narrative. I've seen many people complaining about the ""gameplay."" If you go in expecting anything more than a walking simulator with a great story, you're going to be disappointed. Think of this game as Gone Home with choices. Things you do in this game certainly affect the outcome and that, in a way, is the point of the story."
,Recommended,287600,18797488,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,|_|HeaT,Video Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ych6QYS-elM
,Recommended,287600,16653671,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DaavPuke,"Deeply thought-provoking and open-ended game, filled with lingering thoughts, inviting intimate roleplaying. Cleverly uses a remote revolutionary setting, away from the immediate grasp, to entice finding ways to subvert situations on a microscopic scale.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mII7QXHeDFILove it. Weeks in game time and still discovering new tiny mechanisms that open up more events."
,Recommended,287600,16374446,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kate,"This was a very bold game in it's exploration of the relationships people have with other people, art, war and larger society. I think the most beautiful thing about this game was it's tribute paid to classical art. The soundtrack is gorgeous and many times while playing the game I would just sit back and listen. But for that reason, it's not a good game to play if you're looking for something more fast-paced. There is no action inside of the apartment, you are in a safe environment onlooking the destruction of the city around you.I also didn't realise I could press Y or N (or click above or below the mouse) to perform actions positively or negatively until the very end of the game. Hilariously, I sent my boss rude messages without even noticing I could change them, wondering why my character was so mean-spirited. I'm looking forward to playing a second time and seeing how the gameplay changes with a positive relationship with my boss.All in all, I absolutely loved it because of it's explorations of art, philosophy and human relationships (also a POC, female protagonist!!) but was not impressed with it's tedious gameplay. I would suggest this for people who enjoyed games like Telltale games (Walking Dead, Game of Thrones etc), Gone Home, The Novelist, Papers Please, The Stanely Parable and Dear Esther."
,Recommended,287600,16585470,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Macdoo,An excellent story driven game that weaves a huge story of revolution and rebellion from the viewpoint of one woman in one apartment through her communication with its owner. A masterpiece of storytelling.
,Recommended,287600,15978159,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,lake.kubilius,"Sunset is a fascinating and unique game of a type I wish we saw more of.  It's very much like reading a novel; I'd say it's one of the most elegant attempts at making a game be a novel that I've ever seen.The graphics are fantastic.  As some have noted, performance can seem unexpectedly poor on a low end computer (reminiscent of ""Tex Murphy: Overseer"" back in the day, for me, on my weaker machine).  But on my newer system, the graphics are flawlessly smooth, delectably stylized, and I can't imagine wanting to change a thing.The game is unusual in that it seems a bit as if you can do your job as poorly or disinterestedly as you please with absolutely no negative feedback.  This is unusual, and takes a bit of getting used to.  Eventually, the story begins to offer a plausible explanation for why this might be, but I didn't trust this concept for a good while.  I plan on doing a second playthrough shortly to test the theory that I am completely free to sociopathically disregard the work I am (theoretically) being paid to do at all times.  The game mechanics suggest that this is really how I was meant to be playing the game all along in the first place.Really the only negative thing I have to say is that I have a suspicion that a few of the Steam Achievements might be buggy.  I definitely saw things that would make me assume I should have a few more of them than I do, and all of the ones I think that about show 0% of players successful.  Hopefully a patch will clear that up in the near future."
,Recommended,287600,16636973,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,dava4444,"Okay.. hadn't heard of this game until today when it was announced the game developers 'Tale of Tales' are closing their doors, it was hotly reported on FB by many Games News publishers/journalists.I watched the ad and thought.. this is right up my street as far as weird indie games go.I feel.. as other critical members have said.. it dragged on in places, however I disagree with them on the point the UI was awkward, it was simplistic and I feel like the devs must have.. this immersred you into the beautful love story the experiance became.I'm torn whether or not to recommend this game.. the slow chunks, the painfully frustating confusion about small nothing puzzles.. but the opposite is true.. there were moments of delight for me, seeing their love blossom ever so delicately, touched me in such a way, I might think it was real when I forget about playing this game ten years from now. The voice acting of Tina Marie Murray was excellent, delicate and emotive. But again.. I experianced many glitches in my copy, like the controller wouldn't look properly with the right thumb stick, and then would for no reason. That kind of glitch undoes the beauty of the interface, that you are telling a intimate interactive story, when so much thought's been put in deep immersion, and then broken. This game NEEDED everything to be competently coded, not that it was bad/bad, just it need to be *perfect* to keep those vibes going/flowing I also had 'wild textures' and no outside at one point. But I turned some settings off and it seemed to fix it.The art is superb.. the styling, the lighting was odd, too much haze and neon in there, that obscured too much of the game.The plot.. is a spoiler fest but.. on the whole I enjoyed it, I didn't like the scribbling noise she made in her diary, this would have been much better voice acted, as we are ment to be hearing her thoughts as no one else is there when she speaks, so logically this is her mind. It would have eased me.I dont know what to say.. the bad bits were *bad* and convserly those slim moments.. touched you with lasting delight, As a love story.. I think it was much better than the swash of love films that are out there, as 'a one woman play'.. *this* medium of game is far better showing the great story than a play or a movie.I have no idea if this was bad or good game. o.O"
,Recommended,287600,16567423,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ur search history,"Sunset is bold as it turns a seemingly boring ""game concept"" into an emotionally engrossing journey that consumes you with it's story. It has a been too long since the ending of a game has left me breathless, confused, and wanting more. It has been too long since a game has had a story so good that the intentionally mundane gameply just sucks you in more and makes you feel like a real, normal person, standing in the middle of a story. The game sends deep messages and shivers up your spine anytime something story relevant happens. It has been too long since a game has made me, or anyone who has played it, this emotionally consumed with a story."
76561198003261964,Recommended,287600,15985588,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,BoiledHippo,"Like all other games by Tale of Tales, Sunset is a visually striking as it is interesting and engaging to play. This game stands apart from previous ToT games, however, in that is a less abstract, more filled out game, with a storyline that is not left almost entirely up to the player (see The Path, Bientot L'ete, or Salome). It is still a game very much in the ToT style, however. The amount of detail in the apartmetn, the ever-shifting light and ever-changing setting, is absolutely stunning.I will agree with other comments about performance issues, but it's not enough to keep me from enjoying the game, or from being totally swept up in the beautiful story of Angela and Gabriel.Tale of Tales has always been my standard for the ""not-games"" or ""visual novel"" genre of gaming. There is no combat,  no puzzles, but there are choices the player makes that determine the outcome of events both within the apartment and in the entire country.Sunset is a beautiful, engaging piece of art that you can explore, caress, strike down, or discover. I cannot recommend it highly enough."
,Recommended,287600,16240008,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,castorquinn,"In BriefSunsetis a unique, profound narrative game about art, and people, and it made me fall in love.Most valuable resource:The unique, incredibly well thought-out use of gameplay.Of interest to:people interested in character, relationships, philosophy, and art.Tale of Taleshave a history of very cleverly using gameplay elements to construct an experience.  These are the same people who madeThe Path, which messed with your expectations about player choice, and game advancement, andBientot L'ete, a multiplayer game about loneliness.  WithSunsetthough they have excelled themselves.It's the 1970s, and you are a black American who left her homeland for the Latin American nation of Anchuria for personal reasons, and now finds herself, engineering degree and all, working as a maid for a rich member of the ruling elite.  Gameplay is very straightforward: once a week you arrive at his house, receive a list of chores, and have an hour to do them.  Although you're on the clock, the game doesn't feel like a time trial; it's more about making choices.  The game is repetitive, but in a completely engaging way; each day is the same house, the same basic routine, with different chores, but very quickly that stops being the point as you slowly learn more about the man you are working for, a man you've never met but whose house you routinely occupy.Against a backdrop of a military dictatorship, the game has a lot to say about progress and tradition, about art, and people, and war.  It uses religion, and art, and music as its motifs, and the diary entries and commentary of this person as whom you play is subtle, and gentle, tangential to the points the game is making, letting you think about it, think it through.  A lot of art games that have something to say jam it down your throat, butSunsetis happy to just talk, just show you things, and let you experience people, and then think about it and see to what conclusions you come yourself.  Because it isn't forcing the issue the game can be quite high-brow without pushing people away with pretension.There are collectibles in the form of a selection of literature that pertains to the issues raised during the game, and obscure music discs.  The collectibles hint at some of the ideas in the story, but they also make you feel like the house you clean is occupied by someone else; you get to know him a little by his books, which is, again, such a subtle thing.  That he leaves these books and records out at times feels deliberate, like he wants you to see what he is reading for some reason, to share in his music, building a strangely, unexpectedly strong connection between you and this person you've not yet met.  This game could easily feel sterile, with its modern house and its simplicity of location, but instead these little touches make the experience instead feel intimate.The game has one hundred achievements.  I don't believe the developers did this without thought.  For me, at least, finishing the game with 71 achievements made me feel like I still didn't fully know Ortega, which, given how the story progresses, is quite a profound way to end.  If this was the intention then these developers are artists who paid great attention to every detail of the gaming experience.There is so much more to say about this game, but I want to avoid spoiling anything you may take from the game through your own experience of playing it.  If this sort of narrative experience sounds like something you might enjoy, take a punt and playSunset.  All art is subjective, but for me, there is every chance that this delicately crafted story will be my game of the year."
,Recommended,287600,15975796,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,nic,"Excellent writing and acting, and a fantastic game."
