user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,287700,32208982,Posted: 5 June,all,Zero Mac,"Game Pros• Open world• Not a GPU/CPU intensive game. Easily runnable and runs quite smooth.• Beautiful cut scenes/visuals, gorgeous!• Clean menu.• Night/Day Cycle.• Weather does effect how you take on a mission.• You can easily get immersed in the game and play it for hours without even knowing it.• Tons of missions and side objectives. Tnere will be plenty to do.• Everything you do in-game affects the current and future missions.• Those who can stragically plan better will have an easier time progressing through missions with a higher score.• Various weapons/tools/items/gear to research. Lots of customization.• Custmomizable ""Mother Base"" with soldiers and objects/items from the open world.• You can infiltrate other players bases and steal soldiers/resources (FoB's/Events alike).• Multiple companion's that you can bond with throughout missions. (You are not alone!)• Intelligent and adapatable AI. They will deal with people using repetitive infiltration methods and the like.• If you punch one of your soldiers in the face, you will recieve words of praise.• Not a game you can just breeze through in just 10-20 hours.Controversial Features• Mission checkpoints can have a large gap, punishing your stupidity and impatience.• Not necessarily a ""Pay to Win"" option, but there are microtransactions in this game that 'enhance' your online experience. (MB Coins)Game Cons• Storyline seemed to be lacking/repetitive.• AI and player pathing have a few bugs when encountering ladders or something of the sort in small places (Seldom occurs, but worthwhile to mention).• Can feel repetitve at times during missions due to similar objectives (Go here and kill/rescure this person, etc).• Hackers have been spotted while online. (FoB Attacks)• You CAN NOT bind anything to a numpad key. Which blows for left handed PC gamers.Relatable Games• Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes• Metal Gear (General Franchise)ConclusionWith the ingenuity of Kojima and Co. combined with the power of the Fox engine here is another gem to marvel upon- Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain. The game/franchise as a whole continues to be a lovely experience with a multitude of things to do online post-story. Seriously, you will always have something to do. The story is mesmerizing, leaving you with a feeling of wanting more. For the hardcore Metal Gear fans out there, many of your questions regarding to 'plot holes' will definately get (at least some) answers this time around!Overall Score: 90/100Thank you for reading! Please leave a comment if you feel I have left anything of importance out or if you just want to share your thoughts. Cheers!"
,Recommended,287700,17828901,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Professors Review┤Game Pros• Open world• Not a GPU/CPU heavy game. Easily runnable. Smooth as butter.• Beautiful cut scenes/visuals• Clean menu• Night/Day Cycle• Weather effects how you take on missions• You can easily get immersed in the game and play it for hours without even knowing it• Tons of mission and side objectives• Everything you do in-game affects the current and future missions• Those who can stragically plan better will have an easier time progressing through missions with a higher score• Various weapons/tools/items/gear to research• Custmomizable ""Mother Base"" with soldiers and objects/items from the open world• You can infiltrate other players bases and steal soldiers/resources• Dog Companion that grows with you throughout the game (Must find puppy on battlefield and extract it to acquire one)• Intelligent AI (If they want to hunt you down and kill you. They will)• If you punch one of your soldiers in the face, They'll thank you for it.• Not a game you can just breeze through in just 10-20 hours. Yes. It will take a lot more time.Controversial Features• Mission checkpoints can have a large gap. Punishing your stupidity and impatienceGame Cons• Storyline seemed to be lacking• Other than the prologue which contained a ton of cut scenes. There isn't a lot of cut scenes after that. Wish there was a little more (Not that big of a deal)• AI and player pathing has a few bugs when encountering ladders or something of the sort in small places (Doesn't happen a lot. But had to throw it in)• Can feel repetitve at times (Go here and kill/rescure this person)• Hackers have already been spotted while online (FoB Attacks)• YouCAN NOTbind anything to a numpad key. Which really blows for left handed PC gamersRelateable Games• Metal Gear Solid: Ground ZeroConclusionMetal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is already on my favorite games list. The amount of content and things to do is incredible. The developers took some serious time to plan out everything. Overall, they put thought into every little detail to make this game what it is. If you got the time and patience to take on a lot of soldiers on your own, investigate, interrogate, and annihilate. Then this is the game for you. If I left anything out, please leave a comment below!Score80/100(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)"
,Recommended,287700,17842469,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,x3770,"How did they do it...................Best optimized game I've ever played, smooth as vaseline and the reading/saving speed is so fast, so fast. SO FAST!10/10, Too well optimized to be a open world game."
,Recommended,287700,28187703,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Soulkey,Created by Hideo KojimaWritten by Hideo KojimaDirected by Hideo KojimaLevel Design by Hideo KojimaGuest Starring: Hideo Kojima as Hideo KojimaProduced by Hideo Kojima♥♥♥♥ed up by Konami
,Recommended,287700,20913372,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Wolfipls,It's kinda like Pokémon but you collect soviet soldiers.
76561198129852723,Recommended,287700,17923686,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,theloltroll,What you think about before you shoot at a soldier in MGS: VShould I kill himShould I Knock him outIf so is he worth transportingIs it worth the ammoIs it worth the silencer durabilityCan I hit him while movingCan I compensate for bullet dropWill his friends see himWill his friends see meDo I have timeIs that a sheepHow much is a sheep worthShould I go chase the sheepShould I shoot the Russian or the sheepShould I recommend this game?YES.
,Recommended,287700,28520153,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,WinterGale,This game remembered my birthday when everyone else forgot.
,Recommended,287700,17861852,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Jazz,"To the Soviet solider blasting ""Kids in America"" in the middle of Afghanistan with all skills at 'E'. You got yourself a new home at Motherbase."
,Recommended,287700,32767858,Posted: 25 June,all,MadcapMercury,My only regret with buying this game is knowing that my money is going to konami rather than kojima
76561198030947637,Recommended,287700,17859580,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,CyberInsaneoHD,"Never played a MGS game before, but I must say, Kojima...You're pretty good."
,Recommended,287700,32163664,Posted: 3 June,all,мяFunreal,"Aside from the fact that silencers break faster than it takes me to eat a slice of cake, there's nothing wrong or genuinely bad about this game.Well, except that it kinda forces you to build a base which is only used for online mode, which for as far as i've known consists of a high level person to invade your base and kill you from 20 kilometers distance with a sniper rifle.You can even play as any reqruited crew member you want, including women.in conclusion, turn off online mode and enjoy the singleplayer campaign."
76561198065220941,Recommended,287700,17931071,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,MustangNinjas,Play Mad Max for 3 hours = 13% completePlay MGS 5 for 3 hours = 1% completeContent/10
,Recommended,287700,26891958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DimDiDima,how do i send money directly to kojima? konami can suck ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287700,32697153,Posted: 23 June,all,Nathan Graves,"You've heard the main critiques of this game, and that is that the story was rushed because Konami put insane pressure over Hideo Kojima and his team. It sucks to get invested in this game so much for it to deliver a pretty subpar ending and final missions.With that being said, this is probably one of the best Open World games money can buy for the PC. The controls are tight and responsive, the performance is fenomenal and will run smooth like butter if you tweak it to work on your hardware, and the gameplay is varied and insanely fun.You will squeeze around 50-300 hours on this game depending on how much you get into it. Besides the single player shennaningas, there is also an ""invasion"" mode where you can invade other IRL players bases and steal their♥♥♥♥♥♥(Soldiers, containers with materials, vehicles) but they can also do the same and retaliate back at you. I personally didnt get much into this, but even without it I had a lot of fun.There's also a Multiplayer mode to the game for actual PvP matches, but honestly, it came way too late for me and I had lost interest in getting into that mode when it did release in the PC version.So, if you are looking for a fun Single Player experience, please consider getting this game. It's fun times ahead with this ""Military base/Rambo"" simulator (Stealth is always a very viable option, but honestly, the game is more action oriented than any past MGS) and you can squeeze hours of jolly old shennaningans if you buy it."
,Recommended,287700,17844367,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,GoatsOverYonder,"One minute I'm witnessing the cold, brutal realities of war.The next minute I'm tying balloons to sheep."
,Recommended,287700,18959978,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Weavoid,"Since I now have 100%, I guess it's time to review this game.It's damn incredible. The gameplay is pretty much flawless. In my 300+ hours of playtime I haven't found a single bug. Well, except an AI-driven truck trying to do some offroading, with hilarious results.The AI is really smart, able to wipe you out if you aren't careful. They use teamwork and don't aim like Stormtroopers or cheaters, being nicely in the middle. The buddy system is great, and each of Snake's companions feels like it has a purpose, with D-Dog being my personal favourite. There's a buddy for every playstyle, as long as you develop the right equipment. Speaking of development, this game has a ridiculous amount of weapons and items to develop, and even after getting 100% I still have new guns and upgrades to try out (They don't count to 100%).As for the story, it's a strange one, and it has a lot of different opinions. I do agree with the majority saying that Skull Face isn't a massively interesting villain, mainly due to the fact that he barely makes an appearance until later on.ENDGAME SPOILERSThe final plot twist was pretty good too, as I have a nice little idea on what Kojima meant by it, but it's too long to fully explain. Basically, I thought he wanted us to be a victim of Big Boss' antagonism, rather than play as him ourselves.As for the graphics, the game looks excellent, with the FOX Engine keeping the game running at a smooth 50-60FPS, and my PC isn't exactly the best around. The sound and music is also incredible, with the music ranging from the calming flutes of Afghanistan to the pounding, intense drums of a combat alert in Africa. The soundtrack also accompanies the mood brilliantly.So, do I recommend this game? Absolutely. I almost can't fault it, and it's everything it was hyped up to be. Easily game of the year contender."
,Recommended,287700,33922816,Posted: 31 July,all,ExpeditorAmphibian,"Too bad the release was rushed. But what we are left with is still exceptional. Perfect gameplay, endless replay possibilities, especially once modded.Get it on sale though, because Konami can drop dead."
76561198068571361,Recommended,287700,29709611,Posted: 4 February,all,» M A X «,"When i started chapter 2 i finally understood why this game is called ""The Phantom Pain""Kojima in the end made us feel the same phantom pain which kaz ,big boss and the others felt.You feel the missing content. Its like it is still there, and by leaving konami and his franchise he made sure the pain will be forever with us."
,Recommended,287700,17824383,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,pr,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,18457838,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,SiegDere,"THE STORY I'VE LOST, THE CHAPTERS I'VE LOST... WON'T STOP HURTING."
,Recommended,287700,17823219,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Insomniac Doze,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,29832674,Posted: 10 February,all,Spooky Pumpkin,"▬▬▬.◙.▬▬▬═▂▄▄▓▄▄▂◢◤ █▀▀████▄▄▄▄◢◤█▄ █ー ███▀▀▀▀▀▀▀╬◥█████◤══╩══╩══This is Pequod, arriving shortly at LZ﻿"
,Recommended,287700,17905747,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mr. Dusk,"Call me crazy..but I think this game was made by some sexy beast named Hideo Kojima.The story takes place after the events of Ground Zeroes, 9 years to be precise as your main character Punished ""Venom"" Snake has been in a coma and is now on a hell driven odyssey to get his revenge.So gameplay wise, you go on a series of missions accessing via iDroid in which Snake will do mainly extraction or assassination missions all which is at your expense of how you play the game, you can either go in guns blazing and get killed within seconds or you can go in and be the silent hero and sneak past guards, enemy mechs, snipers, the whole mile with a whole arsenal of weapons that you can put people to sleep with darts or destroy everyone with a RPG. The enemy AI is well improved as it will take skill to get passed.You can also call on your allies to even distract some of the attention caused like helicopters, your animal or human companions to even help. If you are also new to the MGS series, do not worry because if you fail the missions a few times which of course I did on a few, you will get a Chicken Hat that either reduces the enemies spot target to half or even the baby chicken hat which basically makes you a ghost through the missions.Plenty of other side op missions to do as well, you can also you can of course upgrade your weapons, tools, base in which you can control teams and send them on missions to expand your base. Being open world as well you also get vehicles to traverse around Afghanistan's rocky deserts whether it will be by horseback, D-Walker, or other means of transportation.Tons of great characters and a great line of voice actors that really made the character as  Kiefer Sutherland this time plays Snake. Controls are smoothe and responsive when you play as Snake, only problem I had was on certain vehicles like the D-Walker where on those controls I felt like a moron trying to be stealthy as I was roller skating my way while bumping into obstacles trying to reach the next mission. Nothing serious there, but sometimes the controls can get frustrating when you are spotted and trying to hide again.Musical score is beautiful, graphics are amazing, no reason to go into detail on that.As always you guys, would I recommend it?That is a definate yes, it's Metal Gear Solid! Go and buy it..like now!Story is decent, classic and awesome characters, fun gameplay that will last hours on end because I have barely scratched the surface with this one as it provides so much more in game than what I could explain, I just had to throw in my opinion on this one.Much Love, Much Recommendation"
,Recommended,287700,24896263,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,BDG Claire,"I’m Kazuhira Miller, and this is mother base.I work here with the Old Diné and the legend, “Big Boss”Everything here has a story – and a development cost.One thing I’ve learned after 10 years: You never know what is gonna come from the fulton extractions"
,Recommended,287700,23701773,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Strident Thresher,"After gaming for over 20 years, first starting on a SNES controller in the early 90's, I am giving my first gaming review. It is fitting that the first review I write, is the latest of the franchise that I first fell in love with on PS1, the original 'Metal Gear Solid'.Having played and finished all of the Metal Gear franchise, I can safely assume that I could regard myself as somewhat of a MG seasoned expert and Bottom Line Up Front (BLUF), Hideo Kojima has once again proven that he can easy bring AAA games to the field in a seemingly effortless fashion.MGSV: The Phantom Pain is a visually pleasing and exciting adventure with a story line that sheds new light on the events of Outer Heaven and Shadow Moses. True to the franchise, stealth is a big part of the game; but not vital. The option to go guns in blazing is there for the times you just get too fed up of failing to infiltrate an enemy base and want to progress.The combat mechanics of the game are easy to understand and adapt to, even for beginners with varying scales of difficulty. These mechanics are implemented into a very successful multiplayer mode which focuses on both team death match and objective style missions.Campaign progression introduces multiple new systems of gameplay all the way until the final missions, and although the story is quite linear, there is a extreme level of freedom in regard to choices. Each choice has a consequence, some of which are small and more like an easter egg while others can affect events later in the game. They are not permanent though; all choices can be overturned by replaying particular missions to achieve desired effect.The map size is incredibly large which can take a substantial amount of time to cross on foot, so there are a variety of vehicles that can be driven across the landscape. The open environment is fantastic for planning and executing missions and the amazing and picturesque graphics feed the desire for those who like to explore. Riding along on horseback, with a rocket launcher in hand shooting at Soviet T-72 tanks whilst listing to a great soundtrack of 80's hits from your Sony walkman is one of the pure gems of this game.The story, like all Metal Gear games; is the best part of the game. From those that know the background of Naked Snake and his transformation to Big Boss will know the heartfelt detail that was put in to developing individual characters and giving them real human emotion to bring out that of the player. Favourites of the series like Revolver Ocelot and Kaz Miller make a big appearance in the games story along with some new characters like Skull Face and Quiet, which players will come to appreciate.Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is a master piece and deserves the respect that each of the franchise receives. It is an amazing story that will make you think about warfare and human desire for retribution. This game is one of the best for 2015 and should remain at the top for quite some time.I give MGSV: The Phantom Pain the following ratings;10/10       Story10/10       Gameplay9.5/10      Graphics9/10         Soundtrack9/10         Multiplayer9.5/10      OverallThis game is well suited for those that enjoy the following franchises: Metal Gear Solid, Splinter Cell, Hitman, Grand Theft Auto, Max Payne, and Mafia."
,Recommended,287700,17824788,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,FORCE,My snake is so solid right now
,Recommended,287700,32307355,Posted: 9 June,all,ami,"why are we here just to sufferevery night i can feel my legmy armeven my fingersthe body ive lostthe comrades ive lostit wont stop hurtingits like theyre all still thereyou feel it too dont youim gonna make them give back our pastall memes aside, this is asolidgame."
76561198161238293,Recommended,287700,26209305,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Z̶o̶S̶o̶,Roses are redViolets are blueBoss that's the targetHe's coming too?
,Recommended,287700,23338199,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Skyrophant,+Ends with such a twist that it would bring a tear to M. Night Shyamalan's eye.+6 million dollar man sfx plays when I haymaker 10 year old african child soldiers.+Quiet.-Ocelot doesn't spin his revolver enough.-Konami
,Recommended,287700,17844141,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Rexarma,Game of the year 2015.And... it's a Hideo Kojima Game.~ This was another innovative and unique Review for MGS V ~http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=510881293
,Recommended,287700,17842473,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Mr. Krinkle,"SO. DAMN. GOOD. But seriously Konami, bring the MGS Legacy Collection to PC. That would complete everything!"
,Recommended,287700,33429402,Posted: 10 July,all,CptDaban,"▬▬▬.◙.▬▬▬═▂▄▄▓▄▄▂◢◤ █▀▀████▄▄▄▄◢◤█▄ █ー ███▀▀▀▀▀▀▀╬◥█████◤══╩══╩══~~~~lol~~~~~~~~~This is Pequod, arriving shortly at LZ"
,Recommended,287700,25152029,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Herr,"A limbless reptile wakes up from a 9-year coma and decides to build the single greatest petting zoo on the planet. Among his helpers are an angry Japanese man, a cat, a dog, and a 3½-quarter-naked sniper lady.What's not to like?"
,Recommended,287700,35005063,Posted: 16 September,all,Ocelot,"Did you ever want to play every single videogame in human history at the same time while watching a movie and listening to 80s hits but never had the time or the money? Not a problem!Thanks to MGS5 you can now play a stealth game that is also an action game, an online shooter, a base management simulator, a TV series, a jukebox and maybe, who knows, a coffee machine as well.Play as Venom Snake a.k.a Punished Snake, Naked Snake, Big Boss, John, Jack or Ahab and save the world from literally the Joker in Season 1. Experience the most disappointing and unfinished Season 2 you have ever seen afterwards!STARRING: Troubled fanservice girl, a wolf that pretends to be a dog, some blind guys, an elusive hallucination, Totally Not Liquid Snake, a wild cat, the most insufferable scientist you can imagine and many, many amputees.Have fun."
76561198026236139,Not Recommended,287700,18343459,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Regen752,"I would give this game one thumb up and two thumbs down if I could.*****SPOILERS AHEAD*******The metal gear franchise is one of my few favourite video game franchises.I’ll always remember picking up Metal gear solid 3: Subsistence at the local video store for PS2, with big boss saluting on the cover, having no idea what I just rented.The game was like nothing I’d ever played before at the time. I enjoyed it so much I bought it and it became one of my favourite games. I subsequently went on to play all the rest in the series.I’ve been looking forward MGS V before it was even announced. I ate up all the trailers from the first rumoured trailer of the hospital scene to all the e3 gameplay trailers. I was hyped for it.The first 50 or so hours of this game were amazing. The new smooth gameplay mechanics were great. You could even crouch walk AND prone crawl in the same game! Excellently optimized, great graphics and Ground Zeros had me hyped for a deep, story-rich experience that would blow everyone away.What can I say though, I was left mostly disappointed like many MGS fans have been. If you’re new to the game franchise, sure this game is probably great since you probably don’t really care about the backstory or legacy. Probably just a new shiny AAA title with amazing graphics that everyone’s playing lately, and I hope you enjoy it. But, I don’t believe this game is worthy of being part of the MGS legacy, for these and more reasons.1.THE STORY suffers severely and arguably compared to previous MGS games, has no life or crescendo like others in the series. The story just flutters along with no sense of immediate urgency.2. THE GAME is noticeably incomplete we are left with loose ends.3. THE MISSIONS are rehashed and repetitive about sums it up (Extract this, eliminate that over and over)4. GRINDING away fultoning things and developing weapons is mostly the gameplay rather than actually playing the story5. HUGE WORLD is empty with nothing to do but travel between bases. No civilians, just soldiers here and there with animals.6. ALL CHECKPOINTS and bases are the same, with the exception of the few major ones.7. INTERIOR BUILDINGS are almost non-existent. MSG has always had large detailed buildings you had to infiltrate. The largest buildings in this game are virtually inaccessible.8. MGS ONLINE didn’t even release with the game goes to show how Konami shoehorned this game out the door before it was ready9. CHAPTER 2 is a joke. Enough said. Chapter 3 was cut from the game.10. MINIMAL DIALOGUE from Big Boss. Why hire a big film actor as a voice actor if he hardly speaks in the game?11. IF YOU forked out extra money for the collector’s edition, you were teased showing some of the material that was cut from the game and we will never ever experience! Wow!12. PATROLS are only around the outposts, you never get to see high scale convoys around the map.13. VEHICLE VARIETY is severely lacking for a MGS game. Two types of car, two types of truck, two types of APC, Two types of tank, Two types of helicopter. Considering the size of the game, that is extremely small. Even peace walker has more variety!14. ENEMIES are always on the defensive. The player is supposed to be the defensive outnumbered character.15. THERE'S NO Muyahideens fighting the russians at Afghanistan. That makes no sense considering they were the biggest guerrilla group in the Afghan conflict. The russians never realize military operations against the Muyahideens, that makes no sense either. Remembering all those battles between PMC’s and militia in MGS4 anyone?16. THE TANK you build in the base doesn't even do anything, why did they even bother putting it in the game? Was its purpose also scrapped? Huey goes on about it being some awesomely powerful weapon. It's only used for getting S rank outer ops missions. ZEKE was way better, you could customize it and everything.17. OUTER OPS suck compared to MGS Peace walker. I enjoyed making up teams of soldiers and vehicles. Probably because of the lack of vehicles variety.18. RESEARCH TIMERS? It looks like it was where the Pay-to-Win milking was going to occur, buy points to speed up the development! Luckily they seem to have taken it out, but now it just makes no sense being in the game.19. FOB MULTIPLAYER is lame, and more of an annoyance than anything. There doesn't seem to be any real purpose to doing it, you usually don't even steal any significant staff or resources.20. HOW SKULL FACE was defeated was extremely underwhelming and unsatisfying. Surely he would have had some interesting boss fight in store like most MGS games, but nope. Sahelanthropus was easy to defeat and not a challenge. The skulls are probably the lamest mini-bosses in all the MGS series. The cobras and B&B were way better and each had more story.21. NO CONSEQUENCE for murdering everyone and setting off the alarm. At most they may send 4 clueless reinforcements or a helicopter in late game which are easily taken out.22. REMEMBER at the start of MGS4 how it had those videos showing how the PMCS and war economies had spread into modern society, providing some setting/backstory. So many cutscenes, especially the long ones that are always in MGS games are missing.In regards to this game, Solid snake once said ""Building the future and keeping the past alive are one and the same thing."" Not this game."
,Recommended,287700,17935631,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Rain Shinobi,"Best boss simulator I've ever played, you're actively encouraged to beat up and knock out your employees.10/10"
,Recommended,287700,17823473,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,maxsmeLL,"A finely-crafted masterpiece filled with dynamic gameplay and a multilayered story about the misadventures of legendary pirate warrior Snake and his friend Kaz, a short-tempered one-armed fiddle enthusiast robbed of his future.  After rebuilding their oceanic party island, they cruise Africa and the Middle East in search of bootleg cassette tapes for the ultimate mix tape, while battling Cipher, the world's most advanced copyright enforcement agency.10/10 would misinterpret MGS story again"
,Recommended,287700,17828780,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Braquiador,"THIS GAME ISN'T JUST ANOTHER MGSWell guys, so this is the epic end of a 28 years old franchise, the great and epic end that this franchise deserve, or that is what the trailers said... I'm not going to lie, if you ask me if i recommend this game, **** YES, almost every part of this game is great.PROS+ It has great graphics+ Good story (more less).+ Incredibly addictive open-world gameplay.+ Good sound effects.+ Exceptional soundtrack (but they don't use it, don't ask me why).+ Has plenty of hours of play time.+ The reasons behind the actions of each characters are well designed and well explained.+ One of the best optimisations i've ever see.+ The emptiness you feel when you end the game (i will explain that later)+ Even if the game isn't as good as their predecessors, it has some ""Kojima's momments"" that are great and epic.Those were the positive aspects of the game, now let go to the negative ones:CONS- Even if the story is good, it's not good enough for a MGS story.- It has micro-transactions.- The side ops are repetitive and boring.- The tecnology that is used in the game (1984) is better than the one use in the first MGS (2005).- The characters are great, but there isn't any character development at all in the game (except Big Boss)- It doesn't give a satisfactory end to this franchise.- The bosses are horribly bad (for a MGS game).- And the worst of all, IT IS **** INCOMPLETE. Almost all the second chapter missions are missions of the first chapter, but with an extra level of difficulty. There was suposse to be a 3rd chapter, but it just didn't happen, and so i can't ignore the fact that this game is incomplete, even if it wasn't Kojima's intention.EXPLANATION (CONTAINS SPOILERS):By saying ""The emptiness you feel when you finish the game"" i wanted to say that it is as if everything had gone to hell. Even if you have the mother base, and everyone love you, in reality you've lost everything. You lost your identity and  your best companion and at the same time your love. This leave me with a feeling of emptiness, like if everything that i've achieved during the game was for nothing, because, as i just said, it feels like if you've lost everything you care about. I think that this is the feeling Kojima wanted to transmit, the phantom pain of the ones that are no longer by your side. This is the first time in the whole game that i feel something similar to what others MGS games made me feel.Maybe the way Kojima directs his games has change, but in the end you can feel a little spark of genius in this game, which makes me think that maybe, and just maybe, if he is given a new IP, he could create something different, something revolutionary, something astonishing, something unique, a game... that has something to say.RATING: 85/100This game is truly anINCOMPLETE GAME"
,Recommended,287700,25359052,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mister Raptor,You can do more in 1 square KM in this game than on 18 quinjillion planets in NMS.
,Recommended,287700,20615560,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,koosaki,"▬▬▬.◙.▬▬▬═▂▄▄▓▄▄▂◢◤ █▀▀████▄▄▄▄◢◤█▄ █ー ███▀▀▀▀▀▀▀╬◥█████◤══╩══╩══This is Pequod, arriving shortly at LZ"
,Recommended,287700,34369799,Posted: 20 August,all,viskup,"Is not just a game , it's an experience.﻿"
,Recommended,287700,17859814,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,˙ ͜ʟ˙,Starts out as a confusing crawling simulator. Then gets perfect.
,Recommended,287700,17896522,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,General Krukov,"Help me, this game is ruining my life."
,Recommended,287700,32802629,Posted: 25 June,all,Paragon,"Me: Checkpoint?Konami: Sorry, checkpoint machine broke.Me: Understandable, have a good day."
,Recommended,287700,17824520,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,UselessMouth,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,24569898,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,thesplintercell,"This is one of the best stealth games I have played, but it is the worst Metal Gear game I have ever played.ProsMovement feels fluid and isn't as clunky as most other games (except when going up rocky surfaces).There are many different play styles available to choose from, from nonlethal stealth to explosive gunplay.Buddy system is well done and all buddies feel useful and distinct from each other.AI are intelligent and adapt to your methods, ensuring you don't constantly reuse the same tactics.Graphics are excellent and the game runs well on a wide range of hardware.Weapon customization is deep and you can attache parts of other weapons to your selected one.ConsReturning characters are unrecognizable due to how different their personalities are, and their is no explanation for most of them.As well as being incomplete, the story has almost no impact on the series lore and isn't even well written enough to stand on it's own. First it's about nuclear war, then it's about biological weapons. The writers couldn't make up their minds.Kojima claimed we would be ""ashamed"" of seeing Quiet as being objectified. The truth is that she is purposefully shown in this manner. The biological explanation for her choice of clothing is greatly overshadowed by her constantly shoving her breasts into your face and the camera angle purposefully chosen to show off her body.There is no incentive to play any way other than knocking people out and fultoning them, which becomes tedious after a few hours of play. Without fultoning soldiers, you can't upgrade mother base and thus can't even make the interesting lethal weapons.The open world is barren and pointless. There is nothing between the different outposts and checkpoints besides the occasional convoy side mission and you end up going to the same places far too many times during the game.No final confrontation with the main antagonist and he also only shows up a few times.The fight against metal gear is lackluster and isn't difficult to win. Run. Shoot. Call airdrop. Repeat. (Also metal gear is basically a gundam. It has a sword.)The weapon customization system can be easily missed since it requires you to do several unobvious side missions to unlock it.Unskippable introduction helicopter entrances to mission with opening credits that tell you every character in the mission. So much for suspense...The rating system basically means how fast you do the mission, when it should be a measure of stealth skil and patience. A player who does a mission at full alert in 5 minutes could get an S rank while a player who moves carefully with no kills or alarams and takes 30 minutes could get a B rank.Some research projects in the game take several hours to complete, and you must actively play the game for them to actually develop. I can't see the purpose of a timed research mechanic in a single player experience. It makes sense in a free to play game such as Warframe, but has no purpose here.FOB's are unbalanced and are in complete favor of the defender, since he get's notified of your presence regardless of whether or not the attacker has been spotted.Metal Gear Online no longer has a tactical feel to it like it did in MGS4. It is basically a mosh pit more akin to a Call of Duty game than to Metal Gear. The skills are imbalanced and some classes are clearly better than others.Final ThoughtsUnfortunately, the negative aspects of games tend to adhere to your memory more than the positive ones. I'm sure there are more things that were done well with the game, but I am also certain that there are more flaws with it. I have played every main series Metal Gear game, and, story-wise, this one is by far the worst. On the flip-side, this game has the best gameplay the series has ever seen. This game shows that when it comes to creating a well-written, cohesive story; sometimes more freedom isn't better.Rating:6/10Edits: formatting"
,Recommended,287700,26023274,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,The_Scriblerian,"If you are looking fortheperfect open-world game to accompany a months long existential depression, Kojima's ultimate Metal Gear entry will not disappoint. As you wander aimlessly through one of two equally dreary environments, you will have ample time to ponder your place in the universe as Snake similarly struggles to find any cohesive narrative or meaning in this digital masterpiece. Toil furiously to upgrade your weapons, bolster your defenses, and rebuild your mercenary empire. None of your staff will notice or credit you for any of it. There is no reward for your endless labors, and yet you will discover a sort of Nietzschean dignity to the struggle, and through it perhaps see reflected the pointless beauty of your own continued existence.10/10 - Would darkly ruminate again!"
,Recommended,287700,17824179,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Titania,THANKOJIMAF**KONAMI順便操你妹愛勝。
76561198001174126,Not Recommended,287700,18066789,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,WiseG33k,"[NO SPOILERS]I’m torn whether or not I should recommend MGS V. On its own the game is very fun and addictive but as part of the rich series it belongs to, I can safely say after playing over a hundred hours that this fifth entry does not feel like a Metal Gear game.The presentation is where MGS V truly shines. Everything from the graphics to the audio scream AAA quality. It's also a marvel of technical engineering and is the best PC port I’ve ever played. Everything is silky smooth.Gameplay is the best the series has ever had. There are two approaches to most situations, you can opt to go in loud or silently. Both approaches are rewarding in their own right, but stealth feels more refined and is usually the preferred method to complete most objectives. Going guns blazing doesn’t become as viable until you become better equipped and acquainted with the game. In both cases, the AI is superb, ensuring that enemies will react appropriately to your chosen approach and find ways to surprise you.  It’s very challenging, fun, and rewarding for the skilled player. Base management is fairly simple and is one of the aspects that could have been greatly expanded upon. You’ll want to dedicate time--quite literally, as everything takes real world time, from minutes to hours--building up your base and developing technologies in order to unlock new tools, weapons, armors, and companions, which in turn will open more gameplay options.For all its strong points however, after a few hours, gameplay does reach a point of diminishing returns. The structure of the missions becomes redundant (destroy this, rescue prisoner there, etc.) and near the end you are forced to replay the same story missions, except with a higher difficulty setting. This is an obvious filler that would have been welcome as an extra feature, not a required one.The open world nature of the game means many areas are recycled over and over with only a few fleshed out locations to infiltrate aside from simple guard posts or villages. Also disappointing is the absence of citizens and a general lack of life and activity that is unfortunately coherent throughout the game, including your Mother Base. Sure, you have soldiers wandering around the base and sometimes engaging in frequently repeated banters, but there is a clear lack of interactivity. Mother Base has only one true purpose and it’s to serve as a set piece for cutscenes, which are few and far in-between story missions. This shouldn’t be a dealbreaker, but it does feel like a missed opportunity to create an emotional connection with your soldiers, especially key characters like Ocelot, Miller, your buddies and Big Boss himself. There is none of that.On the subject of emotional response, save for one or two scenes, it’s markedly absent throughout the game. The meat for a great plot is there, but there is no narrative to support it. There is virtually no characterization of anyone, except for one buddy’s short story arch. Even listening to the hundreds of minutes of taped recordings will do little in the way of establishing a connection to the characters, nor do a very good job at explaining the motivation of the game's  main villain.There's so much wrong with the story of MGS V. Fans of the series have come to accept, even love, the intricate story, unbelievable plot twists, and sometimes cheesy dialogues, but even by Metal Gear standards, MGS V has some amazingly lazy writing. I want to give Kojima the benefit of the doubt given the game was unfinished due to budget and time constraints but even if it had been finished, it’s obvious Kojima has ran out of ideas, overly relying on deus machina moments. It also doesn’t explain the aforementioned lack of characterization. Most importantly, the story fails to accomplish the crucial role this fifth entry was meant to fulfill: explaining Big Boss’s descent into villainy.Some players don’t deem story to be important, and while I agree it’s not necessary to have a fun game, story is a crucial part of this particular franchise’s DNA. Gameplay was never what made Metal Gear games truly stand apart, it was its attempt at creating gripping story moments. In that respect, MGS V fails miserably.I'm not recommending the game to MGS fans, unless you're really into stealth games. It doesn't contribute anything to the overarching story. It's mostly meaningless filler.The game is not bad, it's just not a good Metal Gear Solid experience, which is what I was expecting to get out of it, and it's also how I am reviewing it, as a Metal Gear game.But hey, I'm still playing it and so it does say something about how fun the gameplay is, but after a few more days I'll be all but done with this game, and seeing as it's very likely the last Metal Gear game, it's a shame the story couldn't meet my expectations. It has been a (mostly) fun ride, Kojima-san and company. Thanks for all the memories. Farewell, farewell."
76561197992619500,Recommended,287700,17824623,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Wild Salmon,"Working great! I love this game. First, I wanted to address the ""console controls"" issue. It does exist, but it's not as bad as you might think:Yes there are some control cues that don't use keyboard mouse - it says use left stick to walk and right stick to look, but you can figure that out. All other control prompts are fine and indicate correct keyboard keys, so don't panic.Now, the actual game: MGS5:TPP offers a huge amount of freedom, customisation, replayable missions, excellent movies and storytelling, and fun gameplay. The scope of this game is really quite amazing. You can manage and upgrade a base, research hundreds of items, and collect wildlife, plants, resources, vehicles, objects and soldiers to use. Missions allow for multiple entry points, freedom of movement, and let you choose how you want to complete them.In true Metal Gear Solid style, the plot, characters, and gameplay are excellent. This is one of the best games I've ever played. Highly recommended!"
76561198033477814,Recommended,287700,17880346,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Eskimo,It plays like a damn fiddle!
,Recommended,287700,17823235,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Are you my mummy?,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17823283,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Beast,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,24879540,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,daVid // PSN: Waveshaper__,"Oh well, where to start. I'm mindblowingly impressed and also disappointed. I enjoy every minute of it, and I also can't get rid of the awkward feeling when the story unfolds. A story presented in an unmatched quality, but written in the most awkward way. It's going to be a long read, but I'm trying to make it as comprehensive, enjoyable read and well formatted as I can.What you get with this game?MGSV above all, is a huge open world freeform game with massive amount of content. You have a huge region in Afganistan and the more lush North-African region to explore, but the gameplay isn't about exploration: as big as these regions are, there aren't many things to see at all. However both regions are filled and get refilled with literally hundreds of sidemissions, kind of Skyrim-way. Not endlessly generated, but mission locations or objectives can repeat even many times, which is the major complaint against this game.The game's very essence is the freedom you get to achieve your goal whatever way you can. Let your creativity loose. This is something Assassin's Creed has long forgotten, and something MGS's world / age can multiply by x1000. I'm glad the game provides me with a reason to do it, many times.The point of the massive playfield and the somewhat similar forts, camps etc. is the game has the most mindblowingly incomprehensable freedom. You can play this like you play the better Splinter Cells, or play it as a generic TPS, play it like a master strategist field commander ordering in air strikes, vehicle drop ins from tanks to helicopters to sci-fi walkers raining down death. Not only you can mix these together from second to second, the game has an excellent system for everything to support your style(s) like the game was literally made for that gameplay style, and depending on your actions the game changes in various ways that demands you to adapt one way or another, and it's NEVER game over until you die.Let's go over some examples.You go in stealthy. You are succesful- you had to watch out for line of sight, noises, enviroment patterns so your camo suit's color aren't green as jungle in the middle of the desert, shadows, covers, enemy communication (not to interrupt people having a radiochat because that raises suspicion), hide bodies, interrogate enemies to get information about nearby specialists, blueprints, mission objectives, guard positions.You go in stealthy. You fail- all hells break loose. Enemies reorganize their positions, send out search teams, cover each other, keep communicating and notice if someone isn't checking in, they call in reinforcements from nearby guardposts through radio, if you disabled their communications by destroying the radio station or all the parabole antennes, you can isolate the place from the other bases. Who knows, maybe someone has a flare gun though that others can see and a combat helicopter flies in to swipe the area.You go rambo- You go rambo. With shotguns, granade launchers, rocket launchers, various sci-fi tools like a rocket hand, you can order in a helicopter to cover you while it's loudly playing AMERICAAA F_CK YEAH or any song you choose from the game (oh man those music tapes, masterpiece!) or put in manually. Use a tank if you will, or hijack a local antiair cannon, bash in faces on the run with your metal hand, manipulate weather(! how cool is that?!) and cause a sandstorm that almost blinds and makes enemies deaf for a while while of course having similar effects on you that you can adept to again. Or this may happen randomly. Or you go in stealthy way, but this comes out of it. Anything can happen.Everything you had to work with before as in noise, cover, hiding bodies, monitoring enemy communication, still applies, always applies, and I just barely mentioned a few systems constantly working in the background. It might be raining, good, your footsteps are hard to hear. It may be night, enemies may or may not have flashlights, you may or may not have an easier time avoiding getting spotted by the deadly helicopter. You may have a tranquilizer pistol, an SMG and some plantable C4 on you, with the combat helicopter above your head. It's not game over, it's not ""damn I'm done"".Figure your way out. Now multiply this by the 2 huge regions, filled with forts, guard stations, mining sites, airplane bases, periodacally changing guard layout and equipment (once they may have helms that prevent you from a silent instant knockout headshot, and suddenly you have to go CQC, massively impacting your plans).What else you can do?Main storyThis is where the negatives come to the surface. The directive is to have a small number of long and hands down the best cinematograpy story videos, while 90% of the story of what's going on in the game, what happend before in MGS history, what is happening with MGS history in the background, is all in over a hundred of audiologs. Most of them you get automatically with each storystep, but there are many optional you can find. I'm not a huge fan of this, and while MGS as a franchise is known for it's awkwardly confusing story development, this game isn't only doing it that with the universe of MGS, but also is hardly capable of presenting an enjoyable main story inside this single game unless you do some serious wiki digging and audiolog listening. The story ""ends"" with Episode 1, that is story mission 31 out of 51. Sadly, KONAMI took away the resources from Kojima and his team to make Episode 2's story just as good (because the story itself is excellent and takes on racism, political power fights, personal revenge, war economy, ethnic cleansing, espionage, sci-fi and somewhat mystical stuff too, it's just difficult to understand.BaseIf this isn't enough, you have a huge oilrig-like base in the middle of the ocean that can be expanded to many others and being connected to each other. You have a whole RPG / financial management for your base. You can customize everything, and I'm not talking about costumes here and having a red dot sight on or off. Each weapon are made of 10-15 parts that can be changed (and mixed!), your base facilities operate with people you acquire individually based on their skills and your upgrade direction, you can recolor your base, all your weapons, vehicles, you have over 30 different gadgets, tons of vehicles, weapons, each costumizable visually and gameplaywise. The level of customization is unbelivible and so far unmatched in gaming history.OnlineYou have traditional online versus gameplay modes that are sadly somewhat cheater infected, but there is also another mode that you later unlock with a certain story step in singleplayer. This mode allows you to invade other player's bases, steal their crew, but require extreme caution because getting detected is a huge cutback from score. Many, including me, hate the idea of being able to lose your precious specialists in singleplayer because other players can invade your base while you aren't even playing. Everyone hates it so much that nobody even does it. In my close to 100 playhours I've never once, ever have been invaded. There are always various events that create other PFs (private forces) with their own bases that are NPC owned, and you can invade those for even bigger rewards, and everyone plays these. Everything you can do with your base - set reponse types (lethal / non lethal), your crew's equipment, security devices including sleepgas traps, laser alarms, cameras, drones - they can do it too.The PC versionIt's swimming in glorious holy lights of the FOX Engine. prime example how to port something to PC. Looks beautiful, easily runs at a set-in-stone 60fps, no hiccups and framedrops at all ever, no weird compatibility issues, no random crashes, no any other issue you can think of. Rare example of absolute perfection."
76561198053129824,Recommended,287700,34567846,Posted: 28 August,all,Da Pacem Domine,"Kazuhira ""If you speak Kikongo, I'll play you like a bongo"" Miller﻿."
76561198004615084,Recommended,287700,17855819,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,OoodlesNNoodles,"My wallet had money, but now it only feels the phantom pain."
,Recommended,287700,17862849,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Henry,if you want the best stealth game ever made buy itif you want a large variety of weapons with customizations buy itif you like open world with lots of freedom to finish missions in differnt ways buy itif you like the idea of having a buddy and airstrike support when all hell breaks loose buy itits like every metal gear game has been building up to this and it goes out with a bangthe reviews were not wrong it truely is a masterpiece well done hideo kojima respectif only there was more game devs like you then we would get played like a damn fiddle more often.
76561197988833604,Recommended,287700,26696059,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jetstream,"This game is awesome!! With more than 400h of gameplay I still have items to develop and the devs are still realeasing new stuff. Besides that it's all FREE!!! No ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC weapon pack or weapon skins. Even MB coins (a sort of premium in game to develop bases and items) it's FREE. I have all bases and didn't spent 1 cent.Besides story mode you have F.O.B. attack/defence where you can steal other player's resourses and personel, and Metal Gear Online with many game modes where you can choose a class and play as a team.Buy this game and I'm sure you'll have a good time playing it."
,Not Recommended,287700,21824292,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,FlatKing,"It's a good game, it looks beautiful it's fun.But it's so repetitive, all I seem to be doing is going one place, extracting some people, shooting some people, going somewhere else, extracting some people, shooting some people. Rinse and repeat."
,Recommended,287700,20464807,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Wonder Boy,RIP Bowiethe Man Who Sold the World
,Recommended,287700,18123031,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Bagels,"One of the greatest Stealth Action games I've ever played. Here are some positives.+The gameplay is as solid as a boulder.+FOB system really makes me feel the satisfaction of revenge.+First Chapter was a solid 10 for me.+Motherbase System is a great improvement from Peace Walker+The sandbox gives a lot to do.+Cassette Tapes have most of the story and there's really no reason not to listen to them, especially when you're traveling to different parts of the map, be it on horse, vehicle, or D-Walker.+A growing modding commmunity.+Free Metal Gear Online Addition in 2016.Now the Negatives-Chapter 2; While it did have its moments, the lack of new main missions kinda put me off (Blame Konami), and spoilerThe story began to feel hollow especially when nearing the end, but it got me thinking. Since this whole game was about revenge and everyones own phantom pain, I realized that this game gave you it's own phantom pain. That weird hollow feeling you get although you still love playing it, the story just gives you you're own little pain. Now thinking about it that way really changed my feeling about the ending or twist. BUT you can still make the arguement that it still feels unfinished especially since mission 50 is only a youtube video of it's concept.-No hard mode because after awhile the game feels less of a challenge, BUT since we're on PC we get MODS!! There just so happens to be a HARDCORE mod on the nexus.Not too many negatives for me since this game really gave me a bang for my buck, spent $60 and got 80+ hours invested into it. I recommend it to anyone looking for that satisfying tactical freedom feeling."
76561198256586046,Recommended,287700,22771299,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sir_Flute,Played for 50+ hours.less than 35% completed.
76561198010010363,Recommended,287700,34209809,Posted: 13 August,all,FEV47,Maybe the best stealth game ever. 10/10
,Recommended,287700,22795942,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Jabeedo,"This is probably my favorite game of all time. It's not the best story ever, or even in Metal Gear, but it's still great. I'm not sure I could have asked for too much more from any one game. If you like stealth or action games at all, buy it."
76561197991803834,Recommended,287700,31517909,Posted: 2 May,all,Vhagar,"My first metal gear game and not a huge stealth fan, but this game was amazing. The side character and buddies were all interesting and the upgrading of motherbase/gear can be addicting.9.5/10 Wish their was more of an ending"
76561198205907884,Recommended,287700,24962900,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Sir Galahad,"Roses are red,Violets are blue,""That's the target.He's coming too?"""
,Recommended,287700,23358117,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Skyze,You can carry a RPG and run 2km without taking a breakYou can lift tanks with a ballonYou have a cute♥♥♥♥♥dogYou can one man an ENTIRE BASE with a pistol10/10
,Recommended,287700,28779312,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lord N,"Masterpiece. One of the must have and must play of all times. Great gameplay, long story, inmersing, fun.... All you can ask from a AAA game. the playstyle  wish this game would be a bit more stealthier but you can play it however you desire. The PC port is quite well optimized and run smoothly in 60 fps in r9 270x( which is old gpu ) and it has great replayability. Only issue is that at the end it becomes a bit repetititve but till you get to the point where missions start to pop up in ""hard"" mode, the game and the story are just very very good. the bad thing about this game just 1, it publised by konami."
76561198095858797,Not Recommended,287700,33041761,Posted: 30 June,all,Lachlan,"I have mixed feelings about this game.ProsArguably the best MGS gameplay. I think MGS4 is mechanically better, but MGSV has ~50+ hours which effectively use its mechanics, instead of like 5 hours. Auto-cover is annoying and cannot be turned off, but is not usually intrusive.Many well designed and fun bases within the overworld, particularly the first overworld. None are as big as Ground Zeroes' Camp Omega though.Continues Ground Zeroes' dark and gritty tone, though this is not always for the best.Has some interesting themes and motifs, some of which are amongst the series strongest.Episodic structure like Peace Walker, allowing you to replay completed missions at any time.ConsOverabundance of superfluous features, filler, and mandatory time wasting. The open world is largely empty, enormous, and a waste of time to travel through. Skirmishes in the open world outside of the bases are largely non-dynamic and repetitive. Customisation is gated behind Mother-base expansion, game currency, and development times, which are disconnected from what makes the game fun. Every mission begins and ends with a helicopter ride, even if you restart.Challenge is optional. I think so much joy in a game comes from overcoming difficulty creatively to a problem which is imposed on you. It's true that MGS has never really stopped you from just killing everyone, but now even stealthy and non-lethal gameplay is being made trivial. Buddies do not augment the gameplay, but are instead an instant solution to many of the game's challenges. You almost never have to procure any weapons on the map to gain an advantage, nor are you really encouraged to. You never have to stealthily carry a hostage all the way out of a base, as you can fulton them as soon as there is no roof over your head.Quality of game design and content peters out about a third of the way through the game. The second overworld's map design is terribly inconsistent, the second 'chapter' of the game largely consists of redundant repeat missions with modifiers or conditions which you mostly could have self imposed on a mission replay, and the game's ending is dumped on you without any context.By and large, the series' traditional ultra-dense and cinematic story-telling is absent, replaced with an episodic structure which integrates the happenings of missions into a larger narrative. The typical level will begin with your mission being explained via codec in the helicopter, end with you rescuing a hostage for instance, then having the information gleaned from the hostage reported to you via codec. It is not necessarily a bad way to tell a story (I like it in MGS1 and PW), but the low stakes and groundedness of a mission often feel mundane.Story-telling predominately through drip-feeding minor story elements in mission prologues and epilogues makes the story feel slow paced too.Low density of the series' famous cinematic cutscenes. Most of the ones in the game are rather minimalist and unexciting, taking place on Mother-base's upper deck or the same room in its gloomy lower decks. Very few feature exciting cinematography, action scenes, or choreography.The lowest 'story content' MGS, yet somehow also the most incoherent. I found it worse than MGS4 in terms of the amount of babbling. Parasites are the new nanomachines, except their recurring mention in dialogue quickly stops being unintentionally funny. Has too many themes spread too thin, with most of them feeling inadequately explored.Rather humourless, unlike most MGS games, but not gritty enough to compensate, unlike Ground Zeroes.The game finishes without resolving a number of major subplots. Additionally, to get a full understanding of the story requires listening through the cassette tapes, but most of them are very dry.Edit: Edited to space paragraphs"
,Not Recommended,287700,17913734,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,NibbleOfAnOctet,"Amazing gameplay, disappointing storytelling, unfinished stolyline, horrible ending."
,Recommended,287700,23236683,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Crispy,"*Saw game on steam with reduced price.*Purchased game*1 hour in, haven't passed introduction cutscenes*Finishes the introduction*Plays gameI have never played any game that is more addicting than this.Just buy the game.And you to can be a Diamond Dog.*Also sexy boob lady 11/10"
,Recommended,287700,17843949,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Mr. Bucket™,"Is MGS:V a perfect game?What does it mean to be a ""perfect game""?I can't answer either of these questions as they are completely subjective.Is this game entertaining? Is it ridiculous? Does it have an immaculate attention to detail?ABSOLUTELY!This is an open-world stealth game with over the top characters and an intricate story spanning decades. Should the stealth deter you from playing this game? No because you can blow up or kill anything anyway you please. Should the intricate and complex story deter you from playing this game? No because you can listen to the recap of the game through an in-game system of cassette tapes.In the day since its been released I have played closed to 11 hours and have a 4% completion rate. What you are paying for when you buy MGS:V isquality, through and through,a fantastic and entertaining game with probably AT LEAST over 250+ hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,287700,18174763,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,ThatGuyTim,"Unfortunately, the game's unfinished. There's been a pretty decent amount of cut content from what I and others can piece together. The game has two chapters, the first one being titled ""Revenge"" and the second being titled ""Race."" I'm limiting myself here by not trying to spoil anything. But let's just say, the story seems to fall apart and crumble in the latter half. Metal Gear Solid V's story is like a lost sheep trying to carve a path and find its way. In doing so, it doesn't exactly know what it's.... well... doing. I can only lead myself to believe that Kojima and Konami's conflict played a major role in the outcome of the game. If you play through this game and actually attempt to get wrapped up in the lore, you will undoubtedly feel like something's missing. Kojima wanted to hit controversial topics and taboos, but the overall direction, tone, and way the story is set up makes it seem less significant than intended. Certain things were left in as if they were going to have some significance and buildup, and while it seemed as such, they ended up having quite literally no significance at all. I really want to give an example here so I don't have to have a hard time explaining, but... you know... spoilers. Towards the end, plot points are just left in the air, but they're never actually tied up due to cut content (there's an entire mission that was supposed to wrap up a certain plot point, but that was, unsurprisingly, cut from the game.) The saddest part is that the cut content people have managed to find is probably not even all of the cut content that exists. In the end, this game could have been so much more storywise. The ambition is there, the themes are there, the plot points are there... but they're just left hanging. With that said, here's hoping Kojima has better success in the future. Wouldn't want to see his creative talent and potential go to waste. You are the man who trolled the world.So why did I give this game a thumbs up? Well... I wish there was a sideways thumb option. If you aren't big on MGS's lore to begin with, or don't play these kinds of games for the story regardless, this is still a fantastic game. The gameplay is superb; controls are honestly as good as you can get in an open-world stealth game. From fultoning soldiers on the field and recruiting them to join your Diamond Dogs PMC to going online and raiding other peoples' Forward Operating Bases, I really am shocked at what this game has to offer in the gameplay department. There's so many different things to do, but I won't go into detail, as I've already said enough probably. Hell, I have just about 100 hours on record as of this review just because I find the gameplay always dragging me back for more. All I can say is, if you can overlook the story and play the game for what it is, this game is AMAZING. However, being a big MGS fan and getting sucked into the lore, this story left me in a bit of pain. Not just any pain. A phantom pain.If you already beat the game, I highly suggest checking these videos out. They pretty much sum up my thoughts exactly. (Spoiler alert, of course.)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IK7SeYf8zxshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KO4Tusk_V2k~~ Metal Gear Online 3 ~~I'm a little sad to say that MGO3 falls short of my expectations. While it's an interesting concept, most of the controls from TPP singleplayer don't really translate well over to an environment that's supposed to be competitive. Some aspects have been adjusted for MGO3 specifically such as switching instantly to your cardboard box instead of having to wait for the full animation, but others such as sniper scope swaying and automatically tucking your weapon when you face a piece of cover take away from a competitive feeling. CQC also doesn't work very well; sometimes you can CQC someone from several feet away and other times you can be right next to them and it won't work. It's also worth mentioning that finding matches is completely broken. You can use automatch to automatically find a match, but most of the time, it just disconnects you immediately or puts you in a dead lobby with 1 or 2 people. Finding custom matches is difficult becuase there are usually no rooms, and even if you do find one, custom matches don't give any GP (the MGO3 currency). Finally there's survival, which puts you in a team where you consecutively go through matches with rewards for winning each match. I've only been able to find a few matches, and in a majority of them I either got randomly disconnected or kicked. I also tried playing with friends which also didn't seem to work. One of us set up the room, the other tried to join it and it would just give an error. I could go on and on here, but the point is, MGO3 is heavily flawed for what's supposed to be a competitive experience, and they would have to makemajorchanges to keep a viable competitive scene. That's not to say I've had no fun at all with MGO3. The times that I did find good matches were quite a bit of fun, and if you can manage to play with some friends for fun, it can be a pretty enjoyable experience. There's also some pretty neat character customization options and no pay to win elements. But at the end of the day, if you're looking to buy MGSV just for MGO3,please don't.It's still fun to pass the time with every now and then. But in it's current state, it's far from what anyone expected and is, in my opinion, the worst iteration of MGO in terms of gameplay and consistency.-Kinda wish MGO3 was considered a separate Steam game so I could give it a separate review. But for now, I give MGO3 a thumbs down."
,Recommended,287700,34447209,Posted: 23 August,all,zuwr,"It's Metal Gear, but it also isn't. If you're used to the type of linear story of the previous Metal Gears, you're probably gonna feel a little bit weird about this one.First of all: you play as Big Boss, the man from whom Solid, Liquid, Solidus Snake were cloned. As such, the character itself will be familiar to you, as well as the way he controls and the majority of things you can do with him.The major contention point with this game is its structure. Instead of following a story from beginning to end, you have a sort of ""hub"" in an helicopter, and then you have a list of missions to choose from (either main story or side missions). This, in my opinion, interrupts the flow of the game, and makes you feel like you're playing ""levels"" instead of a story. Combined with an open world you can explore and lose yourself in, it's very fun but you lose the sense of intimacy that the previous MGS games had.It also wasn't finished very well, you will need to repeat a lot of missions in higher difficulties just so you can ""finish"" the game, you sort of have an ""ending"" at the middle of the game, but it's.... weird. You'll have to see for yourself.In terms of content, if you count all the side missions and main missions, you have a lot of it. It's just a pity that most of it is rinse & repeat, with just some changes due to the specifics of each mission. Don't get me wrong, it's a lot of fun, and you can explore several different ways of finishing each mission, but it can get kind of boring or repetitive.If you're a fan of the MGS games, you'll find the characters, world, gameplay are up your alley.If you're a fan of open world games, this one is very good.If you're a fan of ""military"" games, you can experiment a lot with different weapons, invasions, etc.Just be ready for a little bit of weirdness if you expect a straight-up storyline, because the structure is a bit confusing. But it's still very much worth playing."
,Recommended,287700,30583146,Posted: 17 March,all,Master Derpy,"Stealth PerfectedA damning headline, perhaps, to the diehard fans of other stealth series. The most important aspect of a stealth game is its core simplicity. The player should understand the rules very clearly, so that they become second nature. This way, strategy can be formed and executed on the spot, and its never up to RNG whether they are successful or not.In this way, this engine is flawless. The player's attention, patience, and quick thinking will be tested with a full understanding that failure is only dependent on ability rather than chance. The open-world, weather effects, various enemy types, day/night cycle, and your partner in the field all contribute to this. It is just as rewarding to plan and execute, as it is to wing it, relying on instinct and sharp senses.Enemies have estimatable lines of sight, hearing radiuses, and react well to a present threat, though in these states they often make mistakes. This balance between ghosting and utilizing sudden chaos to your advantage is crucial to selling a truly freeform game.When Stealth Fails, Your Weapons Won't - ActionIt is clear that this is a stealth game first, but not because the action is substandard. The Boss is ALWAYS at a disadvantage. He is outnumbered, outgunned, and in general it's a bad idea to engage openly - unless he has a plan. The Boss has numerous assault tools at his disposal, from dozens of firearms, to attack loadouts on his partners, to an attack chopper. The pilot, Pequod, can play songs over his loudspeakers when he shows up.Playing classic 80s hits or Flight of the Valkyrie while Pequod missile-strikes the everloving crap out of a target never gets old.All these tools make open attack a very viable option when stealth isn't mandatory (such as hostage or prisoner rescue), using guerilla tactics and shock-and-awe force to overcome raw numbers. Not only that, but when stealth fails and the bullets are flying, The Boss knows he can fight back effectively, no matter the odds.There is a LOT of ContentA LOT. Just when the player believes everything is unlocked, and there are no more mechanics to discover and utilize, Kojima Productions drip-feeds yet another tool to use. Base management, soldier ""recruiting"" using balloons, vehicles and weapons galore, new partners in the field...the list goes on. Players that might be unimpressed with the game in the first hour can rest assured - the game will be very different by the time they are midway through.The open world is packed with items to find and surprisingly not a chore to explore. There are numerous sidemissions and other objectives to pursue (some of my own friends put 200 hours into the game before they even reached the end of Part 1). The player can call choppers almost anywhere, or just air drop a whole truck, which he previously stole with...balloons.The Tone Is Consistent, Even When the Delivery Isn't - PlotMGS V is crafted with a plot that is absolute nonsense to those just starting out. The actual stories of the Boss, the other characters, and their personal interactions and places in the world are infamous for their overt complexity and confusing scenarios. The first hour will blow the player's mind, because what's happening is exciting to watch but the brain makes no sense of it.It's recommend that a new player to the series takes a moment to read or watch the many fanmade synopses to get a grasp on the rest of the games.The main plot, insane though it is, takes place in a world that feels very real. The prevalence of PMCs (Private Military Contractors), child soldiers, corporate exploitation, and the horrors of war are sprinkled generously throughout. These topics are taken very seriously, and the player will have opportunities to exact a positive presense, subverting those that would wish to do harm and exploit the defenceless. Though the feeling of dread never fully leaves - Big Boss can't save them all - the chance to save at least a few gives a very real sense of pride in the Diamond Dogs (the name of Big Boss's PMC).This actually balances well with the absurdist sense of humor (I stole a truck with a balloon! A TRUCK), and the schizophrenic insanity of the main story.One of the Greatest Games Ever MadeThe characters and events, even when they don't always make sense, are memorable. The gameplay is exciting, balancing well the Boss's skill with the enemy's numbers. The boss fights are big and sometimes even a little frightening. I don't know how I feel about the game because it made me feel so many things over a long period of time.What I do know is that this is one of my favorite games of all time, and despite Konami's best efforts to trash the good name of the series (rip pachinko), I say with certainty they will fail. This game, the visionary behind it, and the talented team of Kojima Studios will live on for much longer than they. Old soldiers never die, after all.With that, its time for me to be off - Pequod's arrived at my LZ."
,Recommended,287700,17904369,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,zeek,"Zeek's Solid Review  (Spoiler free)I normally don't do serious reviews, but I'll go ahead and try.This game is Kojima Productions at it's best, the second coming of my personal favorite Metal Gear Solid 2.Pros:: Patches up retcons from the MSX games.: Multiple endings: Got rid of the horrid stealth ring system and removed camo index.:New and unique stealth gameplay.:Amazing engine:Well opitimized. The only time I lost 60 fps was when I saw electricity.:An extreme amount of content and story length. I could play this game for the rest of my life...  Especially since I was able to put 30 hours into Ground ZeroesBiggest complaint I hear about this game is the lack of cutscenes. The story is mostly told with cassette tapes, I look at this as a pro. I understand why people miss the sizable cutscenes because that's something the series is known for.  Story for people who want it.Cons::The final mission of the game was removed and was a very important ending.:Rare but got spotted through walls a couple times.:If you are shooting a rpg and a bird flys by you, you will die.:Reused missions for act 2. Forgivable but still annoying.:Not many memorable quotes:Not many boss fights. Some ""boss fights"" were underwhelming.:Microtransactions.I'm normally against DLC and I'm definitely against supporting Konami but I'd really like to see the final mission either added to the game as a patch or more likely DLC.Kojimas final Metal Gear and arguably one of his best.10/10  mrrroOW"
,Recommended,287700,17868579,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Bamanboi,"Well, it opens with 85 minutes of cutscenes. The cutscenes are pretty **** epic. After that, you finally get to start exploring the open world of Metal Gear Solid V, and all I can say is that it's pretty amazing.You can go back and forth between the field and the mother base. You can kidnap or hire members to your R&D team, Intel team and other teams (Just like previous MGS games) and there are so many things you can make and upgrade, we're talking about a lot of different equipment. Explosives, rifles, pistols, shotguns, vehicle upgrades etc.The gameplay mechanics are some of the best I've seen in a third person action game. It's so amazingly fluid and the graphics look amazing. I am running it on high 1080p on my GTX 760, and it runs flawlessly. Constant 60fps without problems. I really don't know any cons in this game."
,Recommended,287700,26667251,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MC Ride,"I've literally never played a Metal Gear game in my life, and this is the best first impression possible.I've fallen in love with MGSV, from the storytelling, the atmosphere, graphics, sound design, level design, and everything in between. It's everything I've ever wanted in a stealth game, and some of the more absurd elements, while they would detract from other games, Kojima manages to weave it perfectly into Metal Gear. I have every intention to see the rest of the Metal Gear series after my time with this masterpiece. 9.75/10."
,Recommended,287700,17846454,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sparrow,"Gamplay Mechanics:The best, most varied, and most original in the series! While the game rewards steath, it can be played in an action style. There's even some RPG-esque elements to it! Really high amount of content to keep you busy for quite some time!Performance:Runs buttery smooth. The game is very much able to run quite well on systems that are not brand new! Haven't ran into a bug yet. Holds up to the typical Kojima-standard of quality.Hideo is truly a master of his craft.I know I'm not even halfway done with the game, but you can feel Kojima's mark in this game within the first few minutes of playing.If you like stealth:This is easily the best stealth game I've played, gameplay-wise (will probably end up being that way with story as well.If you like MGS:Seems to me to be the dream MGS game. If the story holds up then it surely will be as the gameplay is definitely the best out of all the others already.Scores a 100/100 in my book!We'll miss you, Hideo, old friend!"
,Recommended,287700,17827216,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Rev,"Only 3% completion after 4 hours and I've only completed the 3rd story mission. From the very beginning I'm already surprised despite watching all of the gameplay videos leading up to release. And the game runs and handles even better than Ground Zeroes. 10/10, a Hideo Kojima game."
,Recommended,287700,25491557,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Destin Grin,"———8/10———+ Kinaesthetics+ Immersion+Impressive tutorial+Fulton+ Soundtrack+Optimiztion+/- Mechanics Synergy+/- Replayability/Gameplay Diversity+/-AI/Mastery Potential/Difficulty Fairness+/-TapesLore/Voice-Over+/-MeaninglessPlot+/-JapaneseHumor+/- Aesthetics/Level Design-Bossfights- Narration- Multiplayer- Internal Economic- Achievements/Collectibles-Non-creative main objectives and side-quests-Chapter 2-Chapter 3?It is really controversial game, no doubts. It had potential to be greatest TPS ever made, but eventually failed in many aspects because of troubled development, thats sad.Game had astonishing battlefield immersion and it is absolutely best non-hardcore military simulator in that sense, not overcomplicated, but with huge diversity in any moment. Of course there is a lot of unrealistic weird sh*t, and it is not only about anachronistics, it is Kodjima game after all (and yes, in game you will see reminder of that probably more times then you ever wanted). Starting phase is pretty long, but in my opinion it worth that lenght, because of proper introduction of all key story and gameplay elements. Also I believe in case of this game, before or after the game, worth to invest some time in research more about franchise in general if you aren't familiar with it, because it really have an impact on perception of the game.Unfortunately most of the systems that was introduced before is underused in meaningfull way. Player is capable to combine lethal and non-lethal approach and even forced to it by AI adaptation system (which is great), but research system isn't really admire decision to invest in both directions, and also there is scoring system and hidden moral system too, which admire specific approach. And worst case scenario was to made bossfights, which would punish you for stealth build (last one, is even impossible to beat). And what make it even worse, that MGS series had one of the best boss encounters in whole industry, but not this time.There is no reasons to be on own mother-base, and that bullsh*t MP mode doesn't help to fix that either. Despite huge efforts, upgrade system is more like progress blocker, than improvement for player expirience, resource system is terrible and unbalanced, and leads to f*ckin grind in worst case. Entirely undeveloped base personal managment and send-squad missions, if it is so raw, wasn't worth inclusion at all. There is also microtransactions, game not so grindful for it to be intrusive, but whole system is tedious nonetheless.Ranking system is broken for sake of replayability, but in very wrong way. You can't efficently (without abuse ofc), use gear that you had during first playthrough, which means that it doesn't matter how hard you try, you can't get S-rank and/or complete all mission objectivities. But even if you can, later it would be so f*ckin easy, that you would regret about you even try. And of course game doesn't prepare you for that, and it is ruin the whole meaning of consideration every mission part as puzzle. In later stages you can basicaly bruteforce every completed mission and game will consider it as good as masterplan you tried at first or even better, it is demotivates player to explore and try new approaches. Mission objectivities could be so much creative and it was even shown in Ground Zeroes, but in final game most of it generic at best.Instead of making use of this huge system for challenge modes, like Hitman series does in ""Contracts Mode"", there is nothing, not even CO-OP mode, instead of it there is ""Castle"" Defence and Team-Deathmatch(!), which have much less sense in comparasing and add no replayability value in perspective.Open-world is not as bad as peoples told, but could be significantly better, no doubts. I don't think that civilians inclusion would make much of a difference, but it's lack of non-grind goals and no motivation for explore something outside the missions made it boring. Despite mentoning actual guerrilla war, it never happend in game as events and outposts is mostly static. And also most of the structures not as complex as I wish it to be. About enviroment beauty I could only say that it is realistic and probably it shouldn't be more fancy then it really is. There is a lot of travel and thats why transport system matters, so what do we have here: box fast-travel system fun and creative, but worthless because of inefficency, same as helicopter in most cases, cars usefull, but physics moderate at best, no complains about horse (it's awesome). Every vehicle have a disadvantages and I respect that, but in many cases downtime is too huge.Narration and plot, mostly is dissapointment, there is not so many of a famous Kodjima cut-scenes, character development is almost never used in meaningful way and most of it is actually filler in terms of franchise plot. Tapes are the best part of narrative, they reveals a lot of content, which could be an actual cut-scenes. But there is also an issue, tapes have a wonderful background mode: you could just play tape wherever you want and listen it while you drive or sneaking. It is really cool, BUT, wherever you are spotted or even near blockpost, NPC will interrupt audio and subtitles, and tape won't stop, and it made me so EXTRAORDINARY ANGRY every time I had to rewind a tape. And because of that turns out that proper way to listen it is to spent more then hour listening audios in menu, while looking at the playlist,which is doesn't fun either. Worth mentioning that soundtrack function of recorder is beyond doubts is awesome, and selected tracks is very good in my taste.So there is A LOT of potential issues which could force you to dislike this game, but even after all of I said, I believe it is experience worth trying anyway. I blame product for lack of polish, but in my opinion it is still most complex game in that genre, in many ways superior to own competitors, and with unique immersion feeling."
,Recommended,287700,19240282,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Konami Digital EntertainmentPublishers:Konami Digital EntertainmentInitial release:Sept 2015Genre:Action, TPS, Story Heavy#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationWARNINGThis might get emotionally charged. I will try to refrain. MGS1 on PSX is very close if not THE favorite game I have ever played. I'm also leaving out anything regarding Konami and Hideo Kojimas relationship.I feel as though I've spent enough time in between writing this and completing the final missions to say something that errs on the side of objectivity rather than total subjectivity.The Metal Gear Solid franchise is some what of a polarizing entity. Not only in action games in general but in being top dog in the stealth genre. Being 1 of the 2 main options between itself and Splinter Cell.Now if we look at the past, MGS has always been more a cinematic experience than splinter cell while splinter cell was a more action oriented experienced. Not to say MGS didn't have action, moreover that the main draw was the narrative and that of the hours spent playing the game; the majority of those hours were likely cut-scenes and were not derived from gameplay. The tradition has been flipped so to speak.NARRATIVEMGS is built on story; Decades of history, replaying cut-scenes as well as replaying sequences to find hidden Easter eggs therein. Despite my 100+ hours into this game maybe 2 hour of those are cut-scenes and that seems generous. Which honestly make it feel like the least 'Metal Gear' Metal Gear has ever been to date. This is truly the most disappointing aspect of this game for me. From the inside, its a very predictable affair. Based on the time-line we know what happens before and we know what happens after. This game was supposed to elaborate on the details in between. And.. it does but it does it such a way that it may as well be a bullet list told in the most dry manner with zero flavor or perhaps with such a small, discrete flavor it was barely noticeable. No, its not even that concise; Each bullet point is a reward for doing side ops that take a ton of time to do. One tiny cut-scene there, hours of cassettes and repeatable side ops here and a very small cut-scene once again hours later.Additionally, the codec system is gone. Its completely removed and seeing as to MGS3 takes place well before this game does it doesn't make a ton of sense that its no longer used. However its clearly a design decision so I don't have much more to say on that. You are rewarded with cassette tapes that you may or may not listen to at your own leisure. Thankfully, the 'important' ones are marked with a yellow color coding tag. It feels strange. I'm not really a fan, It doesn't even really make sense why every one of these conversations were recorded in the first place. But videogames, they don't have to make sense all time. Maybe what I'm saying is I want more talky talk then pressing Q for more intel, even if its not what I'm pointing at.There are still secrets to be had but they are far removed from the devastating and unexpected reveals of the past and for what is touted to be THE last in the series I was extremely disappointed in this regard. Now, for someone not in the know and this is their first MGS game. I cannot speak from personal experience but from what I have heard it becomes undecipherable.Without specific spoilers, the endingboth of themare lackluster. Don't get me wrong they got to me.. but to end a series on this... Its unforgivable in my eyes.If you're still reading this I about to talk about some of the good aspects of the game.GAMEPLAYThis game is fun as ♥♥♥♥. It controls phenomenally. The open world is really rewarding to explore. The items that can be researched and developed for use on the battlefield allow for some incredible moments and loadouts can be very diverse for every play style. Both stealth and action wise there are tons of options.MECHANICSWe've established that the game controls well. But lets talk about the systems you interact with. You operate and control a PMC (private military corporation) which you gain followers by liberating outposts (or more accurately gaining heroism) and capturing people with a balloon... okay its based on the real life fulton and there are planes and cables involved but lets be real, in the game, its a balloon. Its sort of like pokemon. You develop binoculars that are attached to a database with information regarding each NPC's skills in certain areas. You capture these people and have them work for you on your Mother Base, the home of the Diamond Dogs.As well as capturing humans to work for you with balloons; you also gather vehicles, gun emplacements and resources that are used to further the development of Mother Base as well as develop new weapons, devices and even drugs to improve performance.There is also an online component to Mother Base. Using an FOB (forward operating base) you get to have a defensible position that can hold more people and help do more research. However, this FOB as well as others, can be invaded by other real world players. To be honest it feels sort of tacked on. Almost like they said why don't we stick an extra clash of clans-esk game to keep people coming back. I didn't find much enjoyment t from it, it got in the way more than the joy I derived from it.The other aspect of your base involves 'Dispatch missions' which involve sending your soldiers out to complete tasks. You've seen this before. Risk evaluation and rewards for a given time of completion.GRIEVANCESThe side ops feel superfluous, they aren't bad they're just tedious. You have to do too many in order to maintain GMP and resources for weapon research as well as base expansion. Also some of them are labeled 'important' and are very much involved with the narrative which leads me to believe they were mislabeled to begin with.The side ops take place in the exact same locations with only slight variables being exchanged. Additionally, some 'main' missions took less time than side ops.Troy Baker will never be Ocelot in my eyes.The way the game ends,eh hem, THAT ending not the Chapter 1 endingjust seems lazy and very unsatisfying.THE GISTNow, why a positive recommendation after saying all this bad stuff about it? Because its really fun and even if you've no idea who Frank Jaegar is and 'frankly' give don't a ♥♥♥♥. You'll still really enjoy playing this game. I just honestly hope, and this is a love letter... do not let it end this way.I guess we still have MGO to look forward to in January..Follow my curation for more"
,Not Recommended,287700,18183847,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,dj,"""They played us like a damn fiddle!"" -KazThis is an incomplete game, an entire chapter missing and overall an unsatisfying experience for long time Metal Gear Solid fans.The gameplay and the first chapter were great.How they executed the rest was just terrible.The world feels dead, I mean really dead.There's nothing in this open world.No civilians, no mercernaries fighting eachother.Nothing, just you and mission objectives.There's huge lack of meaningful cutscenes, most of the information is relayed through cassette tapes, as if they expect you to go through all of them yourself. These cassette tapes should've been cutscenes, and it doesn't need to be 3D animated, it can follow what the other MGS games did by showing drawn art or live footage with music in the background.How Kojima fell so far off from the usual formula is outstanding.There's second to no character development whatsoever in this game.Barely any dialogue between characters.In previous MGS games you'd have great character development between Snake and the other characters, you see how they transform as the story progresses.The game limits your knowledge of the story in many ways, one of them is hearing how the story progresses through audio logs. This isn't really how you build a story driven video game, not at all.If I wanted to hear people talk by choosing from an audio log that's only there to fill in blanks, I'd buy a drama CD and hear the entire story straight.Not a video game.I want to feel a genuine bond between the characters and I feel none of it in MGSV.One-sided radio with Kaz and Ocelot during the missions takes away a lot from what made MGS so great. Venom Snake doesn't even interact with them. The cutscenes are mostly there to fill and bear little to no story elements in the game. A huge chunk of the cutscenes take place in Motherbase and shows very little about Venom Snake.The only cutscenes that really matter are encounters with Skull Face, the main villain, but even he has barely any development outside cassette tapes.In short, we do not know Venom Snake.The prologue is just one huge cutscene where you have the most limited controls as they show you how to play the damn game. This is not how an MGS game should start like.Ground Zeroes did this way better by immediately putting you in the action after an introductory cutscene like the other MGS games.You see no interaction with the main female lead in this game, absolutely none.Only a few cutscenes with the mute character and she only talks once in the game.Zero development whatsoever.Compare this to all the other MGS games, including Peace Walker.You know them and there's a reason for their relationship with Snake.Quiet's only there because you encounter her and defeat her.You don't know her. I don't feel attached to Quiet as I was attached to EVA, Meryl, Paz, Rosemary.Talking about comparing to other MGS games, let's talk about boss battles.This game has only one boss battle, and it's with the Sehalanthropus, the Metal Gear of this game.This is the only boss battle that made me felt engaged in the game, because of how it was built up in the cutscenes before it. This big monster that strikes fear and you suprisingly easily destroy it.Yeah. The one memorable boss battle is not constructed in a clever way like the other MGS games, you just shoot and it dies. But at least it felt damn good to destroy it.I'm betting half their budget went onto that one boss because all the other ""bosses"" were pathetic.You fight the Parasite Unit three times, and they're just uninteresting because they have zero character. First fight they just appear out of a truck in an airport for no reason. Second fight is against snipers, in the middle of the jungle. The final fight with them is in another airport after a crash from your chopper. They're essentially buffed zombies, and they're easy to fight, just shoot, dodge, and call in for more ammo.Quiet is easy to defeat, you're literally given an on-screen indication on when to dodge and where Quiet is.The Man on Fire is easy to fight, you just run him over with a jeep over the cliff or wait for him to go blind on you and shoot him down on the pool.See where I'm going with this?These bosses are just not memorable.They're forgettable and feel like they're just tacked to suit with the formula.You don't even fight the main villain.Yeah. The guy who put Venom Snake in a coma for 9 whole years.Don't get me started with mission briefings/debriefings.They're repetitive as hell and are not skippable. There's no introductory cutscene, nothing.Just you in the chopper while being briefed. Where's the stuff that the trailers promised us, Konami?Also, while playing through the game I lost all my progress for playing one specific mission with Quiet. This absolutely destroyed my experience after reaching Chapter 2, where you repeat Chapter 1 missions.And guess what, you get the same cutscenes as Chapter 1 when replaying these missions during Chapter 2, briefing/debriefing included. Essentially, everything that made Chapter 1 good loses its value at Chapter 2.At its current state, it's hard for me to recommend this game to an MGS fan.If you're new to the series, this is not the game to start with.Kojima's anti-war, but I don't see any of this in MGSV.There's no moral ending in this game.This game has no ending.It's unfinished, and that alone should be why I don't recommend the game.It's a real Phantom Pain, if you catch my drift.Konami: If I cut that content off will you die?MGSV: It will evoke a real Phantom Pain.Konami: You're a big guy.MGSV: For you."
76561198062278911,Recommended,287700,29219818,Posted: 13 January,all,Binko,1 hour long prologue level? Only in this game.
76561198029047983,Recommended,287700,17925899,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,PLAZ44,A burning whale ate a helicopter 1000000/10
,Recommended,287700,35199887,Posted: 25 September,all,avrore,"You Virgin-Stealth D-Rank or just Chad-Shock S-Rank every mission.The Chad has never seen a tranquilizer or stungun in his entire life.The Chad only operates when the enemy is on combat alert; he likes to keep things fair.The Chad refuses to operate if not every outpost and base in the AO is on high alert; he likes to give himself a challange.The Chad always shoot first then recons later.The Chad does not fathom the concept of gun suppressors.The Chad never interrogates; he likes to explore and find everything for himself.The Chad never hides from snipers, tanks or helicopters; he prefers to dodge their shots to train his reflexes.The Chad can only leave the area after he scalped at least 100 people (prisoners not exluded).The Chad refuses to develop and buy things, hence why he has never seen anything past the first rifle he used to choke Sahelanthropus.The Chad has never been on motherbase his entire life; his home is the battlefield."
,Recommended,287700,17880622,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Equation™,"One of the best games, if not THE best game I have ever played...I am actually addicted to this game, I have over 300 games on Steam and have hardly completed any of them (I usually just resort back to my fix which is Counter-Strike GO)It's not that the other games I have bought are bad, most of them have been praised immensely by game critics, it's just after a short time with them I lose interest and go back to Counter-Strike.Maybe it's just as I get older it takes more for a game to truely capture my attention...But MGSV has truely captured it.I've already sunk over 18 hours into it and It's only been released for 3 days, I've got time off work right now In which I planned to paint my fences, but them fences are just gonna have to wait as this is definitely more important!There is so much you can do in this game, it's crazy, the depth of it is amazing... A big open world map, many ways to approach each mission, a base and helicopter you can customize (I've changed the color of both and added my own symbol ""EQ"") I've only just found out after 18 hours that I can stick a poster of a guard onto my carboard box then stand up in the box and run towards the enemy... The enemy gets a bit of a shock when seeing this which made me laugh the first time I did it, I've also got my self a little puppy I rescued while on a mission, he's a cute fella with only one eye but from the sounds of things he's gonna be a good companion to take out on the battlefield when he grows up.This game is truely amazing and is probably the best game I have ever played, I can not recommend it enough!+ Fantastic Graphics / Well Optimized+ Fantastic music (written by Harry Gregson-Williams)+ Fantastic gameplay / In depth management system for building your base and army+ Great story from what I've seen so far"
,Recommended,287700,17854961,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Jovals,"(If you're looking for comparisons outside the context of the series itself, this review is for you.)Mechanically, it feels a bit like the newer Splinter Cell (third person stealth) and Farcry (exotic open world sandbox) games were meshed together. The story is campy and melodramatic; it's basically a japanese soap opera centered around cold war espionage conspiracies.--------------------------------------------------If you're a returning Metal Gear player then know one thing. We gained a (mechanically solid) openworld sandbox, but it came at a small price. The series' usually oversaturated plot has been significantly reduced. In previous titles cutscenes could go on for extremely long periods of time, often they were self indulgently cinematic going with the games theme of campy melodrama. This time around, most of the exposition is done through casette tapes.I'd hesitate to outright call this negative, but it's apparent enough a change to cause dissent among fans of older titles.9/10 (Some of the side ops got repetitve, and not all of the games many features were explained properly.)"
,Recommended,287700,17908039,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,¡¡►ᅟ𝒮𝓀𝓎𝑒ᅟ◄¡¡,"Played this game too much already....Im addicted and I love it.Update. Lets be a little more detailed....What I love:I'm a fan of the MGS SeriesStoryline will make your upset or cry at some point....Open world mapsThe Real time weather and day cyclesLoads of stuff to developReplayableAbility to have a Dog as a buddy that fights!The Eh:While the game seems incomplete, It awnsered questions I had concerning the storylineThere is a cut mission from the game (Which would  of been awesome if they added it)FOB (online base pvp) has no Anti-Cheat Beware.There are some bugs in the game that could prove to be game breaking."
76561198056720245,Recommended,287700,19279835,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Nicktizzle,Games pretty good until it plays you like a damn fiddle
,Recommended,287700,17891368,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Xianyu,"Game of the goddamn year. Hands down.I know in this buzz-word filled age, you hear the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥like 'redefines stealth' all the time. But this reallydoes. I remember reading a review of Theif, one of the older games, where the enemy wasn't coded to know where you are at all times. They spoke of an enemy running three times around the block looking for them, not having any idea he was so close.And I experienced this moment in MGS.I was sprinting from one place to the next, and not paying attention, I stumbled into a massive base. There were at least twenty soldiers there, and one of them immediately saw me,  and set on an alert. I drew my rifle, dropped the first guard, and then high-tailed it out of there down a road that turned left. On the right was a river, on the left was a cliff.I ran up the cliff, jumped up some rocks, and then laid flat on this rocky outcropping, hoping the enemy would bypass me entirely. Instead of doing as most videogame enemies do, and making a beeline for me, four guards formed a search party and headed down the road after me. They all stopped at the edge of the river, and started searching it for mewhile I literally watched from twenty metres behind them.They hadnoclue I was so close.http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/420313597237781273/372BA30486C6060AF65DAE9B60DF13DE482E7714/I screenshotted the moment I was so amazed.And your missions are completely open to interpretation.'Neutralize the spetnaz commander'.Well,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Does that mean drop an airstrike on him? Creep in past all his men, capping them all in the face as you go, until you get to him, and then stabbing him in the throat in cold blood?Or does it mean sneak past all the guards, knock out the commander, drag him out onto your horse and shove him onto your extraction helicopter to then become part of your team? Because that's what I did!Don't like stealth? Bring a rocket launcher! Call in artillery! Call you helicopter in to rain fire and death from the skies! Hell, later on, I think you can call in your own personal armored vehicles! Heavy armor, ♥♥♥♥♥!Want to do some hybrid♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why the hell not?! Sneak in, quietly take out the guards, plant C4 on their communications equipment and their anti-air defenses, and then blow it all to hell! Then your helicopter can breeze in to a new LZ right in front of you, and pick you up from the enemy base itself!Like sniping? Sit on a hill two hundred metres away and the enemywon't even know where you are. If you blend in well enough, you can pick them off one-by-one and none of them will be any-the-wiser. I've sat there and listened to Russian commandos desperately calling for backup and search teams to find the sniper that's out there somewhere taking them out.And the best part of all. I saw a research project for much later down the line that lets you fly your prosthetic arm with a little camera.That's right.You turn your own fist into a ♥♥♥♥ing rocket.Did you hear that?!YOU. CAN. HIT. ENEMIES. WITH. A. ROCKET. POWERED. PROSTHETIC. ARM. THAT. YOU. FLY. AROUND.How have you not purchased this game yet?!P.S. Your dog carries a knife. And he cuts enemy's throats with it on command."
76561198100519602,Recommended,287700,34371881,Posted: 20 August,all,Aquila,Grew up with Metal Gear games and totally satisfied with this one. Cheers for Hideo Kojima....and Konami i guess
,Recommended,287700,18063858,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,woke queen myelinan,I enjoyed sending my dog to run through gunfire and slash a snipers throat with a knife he had in his throat while a man wearing cowboy attire told me my mission details through a radio that manipulates small bones in my ears so no one else can hear the radio while my helicopter plays take on me while killing a gunship that can cut a man in half with one burst.Such a lust for reviews?WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,287700,22898058,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,XALE,"*NOTE* - I have made some errors but the passionate players of the MGS series have taken time off their hands to correct my errors. Unfortunately, I don't have the time to update this review. So reffer to the comment section. ThanksMetal Gear Solid 5 : The Phantom PainThe 9th installment of the Metal Gear franchise by Hideo Kojima.***Before I begin this review, I would like to remind everyone that this is my opinion of the game. BE WARNED THAT THIS REVIEW WILL HAVE MAJOR SPOILERS!After finishing the game's story and spending a considerable time in the game its time I made this review. I really enjoy this game. From the 7 year old child in me who was blown away from the first Metal Gear Solid game in the Playstation due to its amazing story and gameplay to the 15 year old I am now who still plays the series to this day. So I'm going to be honest with this review and be strict with the game on this review because it a game series that is very near and dear to me.SUMMARY:The game takes place after the events of Metal Gear Solid : Ground Zeros, where there was a nuclear detonation of a bomb, destroying the old Mother Base of FOXHOUND and in the process Severly injuring Punished ""Venom"" Snake, -or well known as Big Boss- sending him in a coma. After 9 years Big Boss wakes up and is hellbent on revenge for the events of 9 years ago. His goal is to find and kill SkullFace. In order to do this he forms a private military organisation called ""DIAMOND DOGS"", a successor to FOXHOUND, in order to carry out this duty.STORY:The story is amazing. The plot is strong and satisfying. I really don't know how clear i can get besides that.However, the ending few of the game feels very shallow and ""missing"". With some plot holes and a rather unsatisfying conclusion that leaves you starving for more.The ""TRUTH"" ending was a total mindf**k but ended it pretty dissapointed. By far my favourite ending was Quiet's. Because it gave, ""somewhat"" of satisfaction.I'm not kidding, i literally didn't know that the game had ended until i googled after a few hours waiting for my next mission to arrive.  I assumed there was more as there is a credit sequence after every mission and I didnt know that the game had ended. Because of the way the game had ended I thought there were more to come. But unfortunately, no.CHARACTERS:Honestly, even though the characters are great. But they were hugely wasted, in my opinion. Snake BARELY f**king talks most of the time in cutscenes he is eeriely silent, and if you're lucky he may utter ONE sentence/word. The voice actor for Big Boss is Keifer Sutherland. Whom you may know from the Television series ""24"". Its dissapointing that a person of such skill was just wasted here.Revolver Ocelot doesn't even do his awesome revolver tricks besides at one point in the game. Yes, this is a weird thing to start off with in Ocelot. But my inner 7 year old was hungry to see him do those tricks as he did in Operation Snake eater.There is a colourful cast of villans here:The man on fire, who is actually the Bisexual villan ""Volgin"" from Operation Snake Eater. He is just there to get revenge on Big Boss for foiling his plans on building a Utopia in Operation Snake Eater. He is pretty much a body guard to SkullFace. Thats pretty much it....And of course. Psyco Mantis, the main villan from Metal Gear Solid 1. The very villan that changed the course of gaming and wowed many gamers around the world due to his smart boss fight where he'd f**k with your mind, invert controls, start reading your Playstation memory card and force you to switch controllers in order to beat him.Again, none of that charm is here. Now bear in mind that Psyco Mantis is very young in this game because it takes place before the events of MGS1.Quiet, surprisingly created a strong bond with the gamer. She is literally silent in the game but some how does a great job at bonding. Kojima magic right there. But im not going to deny that she isn't basically PURE fan service.The reason she is so ""revealing"" is that she breaths through her skin, not her lungs and if she wore any clothes it would suffocate her.Yeah... Oh, don't worry. I'm not complainig one bit ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)GAMEPLAY:MGS5 provides a fluid arsenal of weapons and vehicles. Letting you play the you want. Stealth through at the night/ morning or dash in with a rocket launcher and murder everone in sight.Your choice.There are plenty of Side missions (Side-Ops), that could vary from saving your lost crew from FOXHOUND or from settling a simple job. However, deep into the game this can get very repetitive. As it kind of becomes the same thing ,over and over again. Either Fulton extract this individual again or kill this individual again.And of course, the Fulton Extraction system bought over from Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker (PSP (Playstation Portable). What this is that it allows you to extract vehicles, weaponry, raw material containers and personell with special skills to add to your private military force DIAMOND DOGS.The game has many mechanics as well. Working for both your advantage and disadvantage.-Rain : Silences your footsteps. allowing you to walk freely without the risk of enemies hearing you. But this is the case for you as well.-Sandstorms : Ghastly reduces the vision of enemies. Making them harder to spot you. Making it easier to dash through the base/ mission. However this is the case for you as well. You will not be able to see clearly and it you will be unable to mark enemies.-etc.The game expects you to grasp these mechanics and lets you work accordingly to its rules. It creates a strong and lively world in which to play. This can be challenging. How will you play?FOB INFILTRATIONS AND DEFENCES :What this is, is it basically allows you to infiltrate other people's online FOB (Forward Operating Bases) and capture their arsenels and soilders. Its kind of a mini-game. I don't know much about it as i haven't really played it alot.METAL GEAR ONLINE:Basically the multiplayer of Metal Gear Solid 5. Nothing much else. There are many game modes to play and many character classes to choose from in order to play the match the way you want.One of my main issue with this multiplayer mode is that it has quite alot of hackers and the weapons don't feel very satisfying.I don't care how strong you tell me Ocelot's Revolvers are, game. It feels like im shooting butter at the enemies.VERDICT:Metal Gear Solid 5 gets a 9/10.The reason it is missing its last point is due to the unsatisfying conclusion and and poor character developments.And a supposed 4th ending! unfortunately this was unfinished because of the incident with Kojima and Konami. I can't help but feel the game is unfinished in many places.Overall, to those who is new to this franchise or is familiar with it, like I am. This game is a MUST BUY.Its a masterpeice. A game that will be held on the top shelf of many passionate gamers.---NOTE___I hope you enjoyed this review and if it helped you decide whether to purchase this game. If you have any questions and/or want to correct me in places, please don't hesitate to leave a comment.Thank You,-XALE"
,Recommended,287700,24367018,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,future_Tarzan,it's pretty good.
,Recommended,287700,25225603,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Royale Gonzo,"This is the greatest vengence simulator I have ever played.I felt Big Boss's descent into being a demon.I felt Kaz's hamburgers in my mouth, and in my heart.10/10, would cinematically carry old men and steal goats again."
76561198001035184,Not Recommended,287700,21545427,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,「Cu」 BLUE,"I love the MGS serie, this one was supposed to finish it with a bang, once you Learned in Peace Walker how Big Boss wanted to create their own outer heaven, TPP was supposed to be the missing link, the appearance of Solid and Liquid, save Sniper Wolf, all of this to fight back against Skullface and try to beat Cipher.Instead, we got a huge empty world, with some useless outposts with its 3 soldiers.The world feels dead, there isn't a single animal except for the random Raven, no way to sabotage ennemy soldiers like MGS3 did, no way to destroy the food supply, the ammo stock or use the codec to call off the alarm or an air strike, there's no codec anyway, just a button to get an advice on the current situation.Impossible to talk about the characrters without spoiling, just know they're all off, the main villain doesn't have a real impact by his actions, no MGS-like bosses.The most dissapointing thing about this game is the Mother base, you don't recruit any important character, all the soldiers you fulton? it's fun the first 5 hours, then they're just numbers, faceless characters you can't even care anymore.But the worst is the R&D feature, I liked it at first, it's very PW like, the problem is: you unlock the OP stuff far too quickly, and the highest level gear is behind a paywall.Yes, a paywall, it requires like 150 in the R&D team, which is impossible to get even if you fill your base with S++ in this field, you also need ONLINE ressources, guess what: you can't play offline, and hoarding the ridiculous amount of ressources will make you a primary target for other players, who will attack you.But you can protect yourself: just BUY an insuranceThe game is the definition for dissapointment, the FOB part which is rigged by microtransactions, outfit DLCs (the Tuxedo, a costume always in the base game, is now a DLC) the dumbed down gameplay, the UNFINISHED story and the empty world you're in.Qualities? this game has some: the Fox Engine offers outstanding animations, the game is so Optimized it can run on high on a i3, they gave you Ground Zero for byuing the game, Snake move exactly how you want him to, but even that can't save it"
,Recommended,287700,23701230,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,「Q R O W」,">Received a Side Ops to rescue a prisoner held captive in enemy outpost>Infiltrate the enemy outpost, managed to distract and slipped by from 3+ horny guards with a poster of bewbs>Get detected while I was trying to fulton an AA gun>Firefight ensues>THEY KILLED D-DOG! NO ONE MESS WITH MY D-DOG!>Call in air support to avenge D-Dog>""This is Pequod, arriving shortly at LZ!"">Helicopter support arrives with ""Never Gonna Give You Up"" blaring over its speaker>The air support rains down barrages of missiles while ""Never Gonna Give You Up"" plays amid the chaos>I managed to slip by, extract the prisoner and escape>10/10 would rickroll the entire enemy outpost to death again"
,Recommended,287700,32105686,Posted: 1 June,all,Captain Peanut,"I'm going to recommend this simply because it is a decent game, and the Metal Gear Solid series is possibly my most favorite video game series ever.  However, this particular one rubs me the wrong way.  The open world aspect sounded really good at first, and for the first few hours, it was great, but when you start repeating the same open world missions again and again to grind the the currency, it gets dull fast.The series is also known for its gripping and complex, though sometimes convoluted, stories.  The story for this one, taking place some time after Metal Gear Solid 3 and before Metal Gear (I know there are more games on handhelds, but I've never played them so I'm uncertain when exactly they take place in the storyline), it doesn't really add much to the lore of the series.  It really feels like it could have just been left out completely and nothing would be missed, aside from perhaps one end of game spoiler detail which isthe Big Boss you play as in this game is actually just some random soldier under the real Big Boss's command that underwent plastic surgery and hypnosis to make him, and everyone else, believe that he is the actual Big Boss.That kick in the side twist, as well as the lack of dialogue from Snake compared to previous titles, and the rumor that Konami actually had the last chapter of the game's story cut to hit their deadline, just makes this game feel like not a real MGS title.Snake doesn't feel as convincing of a character as he did previously, the story seems unecessary and incomplete, and while the gameplay is by far the strongest aspect of the game, it gets dull after enough repetition.  It's still agoodgame, just not the sequel/prequel I was hoping for as a fan of the series.Also, ♥♥♥♥ Konami."
,Recommended,287700,17902830,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Tea,I ran around an enemy base in a cardboard box while Take on Me played in the background.10/10
,Recommended,287700,17823530,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Goatse,"One of the best blends of Stealth Action and open world game-play an amazing game so far if I could summerize it in one world I would use ""fluid"" the controls are so responsive and cutscenes are all done in one cut. (I will update this review as I accumulate more hours in the game)"
,Recommended,287700,31796710,Posted: 16 May,all,Raccoon,I knocked myself into a coma state for 9 years for the real experience
76561198042004522,Recommended,287700,25576231,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Reedimus,Stealth.Flaming Whales.Boobs.Action.Flaming Horses.Boobs.Water pistols.Bears.Boobs.Wolves.Goats.Boobs.Baloons(lol).Red Headed Step Children.Portals.Child Commandos.Revolvers.Chicken hats.Cardboard Boxes.Cardboard Boxes...with Boobs.Boobs/10  Would Quiet Again.
,Recommended,287700,18563268,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Inigo Montoya,"Super fun gameplay and one of the best introductory sequences in any game ever; after that, seeing the world open up is a joy. All these hours I have in the game I truly played and enjoyed.However...You can literally pinpoint the moment in development when Kojima♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off Konami and exhausted their patience, resulting in them stepping in and pushing this game out of the door.- Many loose strands, gameplay and story wise. Mysteries and plot points that go nowhere and gameplay features like a battle gear tank that was supposed to be playable but isn't.- Story that trips all over itself, with a completely recycled and practically non-existent second chapter.- Woefully under-used Kiefer Sutherland and no character development for most of the cast of characters.- Most of the story and character development is buried in a section of your menu for audio logs/cassette tapes. Even major plot points are relegated to audio logs.- A selection of audio logs stand out with much higher production values than the others, with 3D sound and environmental sound design as well as better voice acting, all which point towards initial plans to make them into fully fleged cutscenes.- Game continues after the credits roll. At this point, motivationally speaking in terms of story and resources, you have no motivation to continue playing. I couldn't bring myself to complete the last few missions (which are for the most part literal repetitions of previous missions but with stricter objectives like no supply drops).I have no doubt that if Kojima and his team were given another year to realize their vision, this game wouldn't leave such a sour taste. As it stands, all that is left is A Phantom Pain...Still recommended."
,Recommended,287700,24382856,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,BenVomit,"MGS 5 starts out slow, but is full of story, great side ops missions, base building, crew initiation and an open world. I've put in close to 100 hours and only got half way into the story (by choice). Infiltrating enemy bases with the ability to Fulton  high level characters, weapons, vehicles, and cargo containers to build an off shore base is addicting. MGS 5 is full of small details you won't find in any others game. Highly recommended. nice"
,Recommended,287700,33216335,Posted: 3 July,all,JAC-MAT-HAG,"As someone who is new to this series, i would say pick it up. Even with my limited knowledge of the universe and characters, the story was thoroughly engaging. What the game lacks in play area and diversity, it makes up with gameplay, story, and customization. Best stealth game I've ever played."
76561198015882050,Recommended,287700,25504557,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,MasterJC,I keep finding things to do to Russian soldiers.
76561197988245187,Recommended,287700,22365313,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Xmerwynd,"The graphics are excellent. The gameplay mechanics are very responsive. The single player is somewhat repetitive but can be as challenging as youwant it to be.  FOB infiltraiton is exciting and immersive but unfortunately rife with cheaters, glitchers and modders. They are not prevalent but have completely destroyed the integrity of all the leaderboards. I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,287700,27154241,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,🅰🅻🅸,Best Stealth Action GameVery good story (the cassette really helps alot to know the whole story)Excellent gameplay (Very fun)Graphics are amazingOnly problem that stories kind of unfinishedMy final score is 10/10
76561197992206547,Recommended,287700,23289598,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,B00tsy,"Rewritten review after 400h play time.A gem of a tactical stealth game that is a must have for any serious gamer. I am personally not a huge fan of the over the top story with Burning suprenatural enemies and giant Mech robots, those missions are not my thing (to much Rambo gameplay). Luckily those are just a few bossfight missions in the game, 90% of the game consists of tactical stealth gameplay on large open world(ish) maps.The real intersting part of the game that will give you (potential) hundreds of hours of gaming pleasure are the online FOBs (forward operation base). I am still having a blast building up the FOBs, protecting the FOBs, infiltrating other player FOBs and at the same time developing more new gadgets and weapons that you can use in missions and on your FOBs.It is not completely mandatory, but the game can have a lot of mission grinding if you really want all the neat stuff in the game and all the easter egg stuff. Grinding sounds like a bad thing, but in this game it is not. As you have a lot of freedom to do these missions and have countless of weapons and gadgets to complete these missions you can play the missions a hundred times and then still discover new ways in to completing them.The overall gameplay and how you control the character is so incredibly smooth and solid that even after 400 hours I still enjoy this game a lot and play it every day. There are only a few other games out there that stuck to me as much as this game so that says something about the game quality.90/100"
,Recommended,287700,28758956,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ｍｉｌａ,"I think that this game is definitely a good game. Now I’ve been a fan of the series for quite some time and MGS2&3 are both in my top 5 all time video games. When it comes to The Phantom Pain I think there’s a lot of good and a fair amount of bad.The gameplay itself is the best the series has to offer, you’re given a hell of a lot of choices and can adopt very different play styles despite supposedly being a stealth game. My only real problem is a seeming lack of difficulty, at least comparatively to the rest of the series MGSV:TPP is an easy game but probably not if you’re comparing it to most game releases.The open worlds of Africa and Afghanistan are fun playgrounds for a while but the lack of unpredictability, random events and once again the lack of a real challenge or consequence for messing up hold them back.The story is a half explored patchwork of different ideas and themes. Some work but many fall flat because they’re not presented in a way that suits the series or are just never explored enough to seem worthwhile. There’s plenty of great moments but what holds them together is so, so weak when looking at the quality of storytelling the other games in the series had.I’d say if you like the series then go for it, but if you haven’t played the rest then I’d say go do that first. I’d recommend you start with MGS1 or if you wanna play MGS5 sooner, start with MGS3 then MGS Peace Walker and finally MGSV:GZ and MGSV:TPP."
76561198028948187,Recommended,287700,33146022,Posted: 2 July,all,"Space Chander, Kant to Kant.",I came here to suffer.
76561198034684457,Recommended,287700,17843298,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ludens,"EverythingThe stealth is unrivaled by anything I have ever seen, the motherbase mechanic is deep and interestingEverything that you do in the game feels like worth doing and there are choicesI love the representation of the themes and the style of how you complete mission."
,Recommended,287700,17935603,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,General Lee Aroused,"The latest and more than likely the last canon game of the Metal Gear Solid series, Phantom Pain is chronologically the fourth game in the complicated cinematic sneaking espionage Hideo Kojima game timeline. This is by far the best Metal Gear Solid game I've played up to date gameplay wise and one of the competitors for GOTY, but there's just one thing...this doesn't feel like a Metal Gear Solid game. Its a bit complicated, but I'll try to go over it. While yes, the name is definitely a mothership Metal Gear Solid game and it was created by Kojima, but this one is a bit different, but not in a bad way. Its more of an open world sneaking game than a Metal Gear Solid game, something where those two statements should be synonymous but its not.PROS- The first in its series to be an open world game, and by god, is it big. They weren't kidding when they said the total size of the game's playable map is 200 times bigger than Camp Omega. You better fulton out some vehicles because travelling by foot (or cardboard box sledding, whichever) is not a good way for old Big Boss to get around.- Amazingly well optimized for PC, something I was initially fearful of as Japanaese developers don't have much focus on PC gaming due to the nature of console/handheld gaming being more prolific in their home country.- The Fox Engine brings out one of the most beautiful and graphically impressive games I've seen this year.- A stealth game that has amazingly reactive AI that perfectly creates a believable situation, so you can sleuth properly without calling ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on the game cheating you. Take that, Thief 4.- Multiple approaches to missions that can greatly extend replayability. And hey, even if you suck at stealth, the game doesn't punish you as much if you went in guns blazing. In fact, it feels just as incredibly fun and a great rush to improvise on the fly.- A large R&D development line that allows you customize your loadout for each mission. The detail of weaponary was always something Big Boss was a fan of (he goes on about a single custom pistol for about 8 minutes in Snake Eater. AMAZINGLY INTERESTING INDEPTH BUT USELESS GUN TRIVIA), so its only natural that he has about, oh, only over 25 guns to choose from. And we're not even counting customization, gadgets, and support he can call from his army of Diamond Dogs.- The buddy system is one of the greatest things to be introduced in the Metal Gear series, allowing an even greater tactical approach to each situation. Unfortunately, the most useful two companions are optional and can be missed entirely. YOU BETTER FIND THEM.- Enemies adapt to your strategies if you employ them too often. Lots of casualties from headshots? They'll start wearing helmets. Always attack the site at night? They'll start bringing in flashlights, night vision goggles, and gunships with searchlights. A fan of taking an interesting way around or just love vehicular slaughter? They'll start laying down landmines. Chemical warfare via gas? Gas masks. Bodyshots? Body and riot armour. Frontual assault? Shields. And the list goes on, so make sure to mix it up and adapt to them trying to adapt to you. And, uh, adapt.- Interesting story that brings back old characters in a story for revenge that make the little Metal Gear Solid fangirl in me scream. I always liked Kazuhira Miller and having him tell me over and over again that iDroid doesn't stop time while in the menu. Yes, Kaz, I know, shut up, I love you, but just shut up. I don't care if the anti-air radar wasn't the target, I just want air support.- While the story is especially painting a vengeful line, that doesn't mean its all serious and no fun. The Metal Gear series has always had a light hearted and often humourous world. Such as having the ability to command your horse to poop. But guess what, that poop can be used strategically! For example, if an enemy vehicle drives over it, they'll spin out of contorl and crash. Or if you put a poster of a pinup girl on your cardboard box and let an enemy male solider see it, they'll immediately rush over, drop their weapons, and oogle at it, a perfect chance to take the guy out.- An amazingly large amount of little details that you wouldn't think much of that can be so impactful. Think outside the box!CONS- The voice acting of Big Boss is pretty weak, especially considering Kiefer Sutherland of the 24 fame is such a well respected actor and director. In fact, he almost doesn't talk at all, more than anything he just repeats whatever a character said to him, but as a question right back. Someone this expensive to hire shouldn't be so weak in delivering lines, can we have David Hayter's rough voice back?- Story doesn't feel as impactful as previous games, while yes, the game is about revenge, it doesn't really feel like it. Often you do main missions that don't really have much place in the game's narrative, making it feel like a filler for the later main missions that have story to them. This repeats quite a few times, like some horrible anime that caught up to the original manga source over and over. Lots of awesome and weird stuff happened at every corner in Snake Eater and Guns of the Patriots, not so much here, but when it happens, oh boy, it happens.- Base and weapon development is very important, something this game emphasizes a lot on as it is very important to have tools to adapt to the enemy stronghold. Unfortunately, GMP and resources, which is the currency, is ultimately very hard to gain reliably, unless you repeatedly do the best paying mission over and over again or attack the same stronghold to essentially ""farm"" it. Although the latter has a respawn time, making certain resources, mainly fuel, hard to obtain.- Metal Gear Online has always been great, its always such a blast to play! So why is this part in the CONs section? Well, thats because Metal Gear Online has been delayed to January of 2016. But its not because I'm an impatient prick, its more of the fact that Kojima Productions had a falling out with Konami at the start of this year, leading to the eventual closure of Kojima Productions on June 2015. While Metal Gear Online will still be coming out, any updates will now be handled by Konami and a different team of developers, someone that won't guarantee the same quality as Kojima Productions in previous Online iterations.- Online base invasion is awesome, you get a chance to play as an invader, ala Dark Souls style, to basically steal enemy resources and personannel and add them to your own. Its a real fun experience to play and leads an amazing rush depending on what kind of approach you'll take to an enemy player's base. So why is this also in the CONs section? Thats because online base invasion is handled in the worst way possible due to the fact that enemy players can invade your base while you aren't  even online and steal your stuff without any possible player resistance (the AI security team can only do so much unless you equip them to the brim). There is no way to close this door as soon as you open it at a certain point in the game, so if you have any staff you don't want to lose, please, make sure to put them as direct contracts so jerks won't kidnap them.- Microtransactions are the worst, especially if its in a game that you already paid at full price.- All of this can be avoided if you simply opt to play the game offline, however, if you ever connect online, all gains or losses will automatically be updated to your save.- Lack of manual save files and replay theater. Wanna see a cutscene again? Restart the game from scratch or go to Youtube.At the end of the day, the game delivers a fantastic single player experience delivered by Kojima Production that is muddled by poorly done online play injected by Konami. As a big Metal Gear fan for its 28 year lifespan, this is one of the best ways (though can be done better on more friendlier conditions) to see it out."
,Recommended,287700,34605153,Posted: 30 August,all,Bliff Cleszinski,"First... Do you need to play the previous games to understand this? Resoundingehhhhh,You don'tneedto but it really makes the story so much better (Also, if you are going to play the games, don't cheap out and just play the games that come before this on the timeline, play the ones that come after too; why?THIS GAME IS FAN SERVICEPsycho Mantis is back, Liquid is back, Vulgin is back, The Boss AI is back. They all could've been replaced with no impact, there isn't even any proper storyline between Snake and Liquid!) One thing you should definitely do is play Ground Zeroes.Anyway, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing fun. The gameplay is the best of any MGS game ever. Sneaking into giant fortresses undetected makes you feel like a badass, if only the reason you were doing it mattered. 99% of the main missions are Kaz saying to you ""We've received a contract from [3rd world country rebels] to kill/extract [government official]. The side missions are even worse, you don't even hear Kaz tell you anything, just kill/extract someone. The missions where a major story event goes down are brilliant, but they happen very rarely.Now, my main gripe with the game. The ending, or the lack there of. Chapter 2 mainly consists of missions from Chapter 1 but harder, total stealth, ""extreme"", arms on site, whatever; they're dull. Then suddenly halfway through you doing these repeats, a story mission appears, you complete it, the plot gets twisted and the game just... ends... just then and there... there are still some repeat missions to do but they're so dull, why bother? And that plot twist has no relation to anything! There are still unfinished arcs, in fact, I don't think any of them get closed off!THIS GAME IS UNFINISHEDBut that wasn't deliberate obviously. [INSERT OBLIGATORY HATE TOWARDS KONAMI, not that it's undeserved]So... this review may or may not have just been me spewing a mess of my opinions into a text box but, do I recommend this game? YES! If you're new to MGS, this is very beginner friendly. If you're an MGS vet, eeeh you might be disappointed, the story just isn't there. I always say there are 4 + 1 MGS games, because this one suffers from Fallout 4 syndrome, ""It's a good game, just not a good [INSERT FRANCHISE HERE] game.It's good. Get it."
,Recommended,287700,33104652,Posted: 1 July,all,RoastBerryPi,This game is insanely fun and is a MUST PLAY for everyone on this planet.
,Recommended,287700,26510383,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SteveTheDude,"The best playing Metal Gear Solid game. Tight controls, incredible graphics, hours of endless possiblities; the only flaw is that the story is unfinished. There's not much sense of finality to the series in this swan song, but it's still a fantastic game."
76561198056104404,Recommended,287700,31432213,Posted: 28 April,all,Majin Boo,I told a horse to poop and it did 10/10
,Recommended,287700,34709681,Posted: 3 September,all,Defalt,kojima played us like a damn fiddle
,Recommended,287700,25777824,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[Rawr] Wølf,"The game is incredible in so many ways. The visuals are stunning with so many details from every aspect, the world and enviroment looks pretty and the atmosphere is spot on.It's the best gameplay in the Metal Gear series. It requires a lot of strategy and planning and that's what makes it so fun capturing an outpost or infiltrating a base.The story is pretty interesting, however it's poorly told and is widely scattered. And I have a mixed feeling about the ending.MULTIPLAYER:The multiplayer is losing players, so I advise not to buy the game just for the multiplayer. FOB missions are fun though and really rewarding."
,Recommended,287700,17824213,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,GamersQuarters,DISCLAIMERFor Starters I can not state whether I feel this game is a masterpiece seeing as I have still yet to play for more than two hours.Review Part 1The disclaimer out of the way lets dive in for a launch title it has been real smooth with no crahses and a steady frame rate that has yet to see dips. This is a nice change of pace compared to titles that have been released that were obviously unfinished. That being said the beginning sqquence for me was a bit slow but it opened up into the open world gameplay in Afganistan. This is the point that I am at right now in rescuring a friend and will pick back up on it in the morning. The current moment I have enjoyed it pretty much so far and can say if you liked Ground Zeroes as far as gameplay then you should be right at home with this game.More to Come
,Recommended,287700,35090214,Posted: 20 September,all,Dododoom,"A HIDEO KOJIMA GAMEWRITTEN BY HIDEO KOJIMADIRECTED BY HIDEO KOJIMAWRITTEN BY HIDEO KOJIMAPUBLISHED BY HIDEO KOJIMAPRODUCED BY HIDEO KOJIMAPLANNING BY HIDEO KOJIMAGAME DESIGN BY HIDEO KOJIMACREATED BY HIDEO KOJIMAHIDEO KOJIMA BY HIDEO KOJIMAIn all honesty though, my first impressions of this game are more than good. Roaming around the world is about as charming as a game can get. I look forward to writing a full review of this game when I am finished. I'll see you all after I've logged another 150 hours."
76561198100018913,Recommended,287700,17826617,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,lunchtablebeats,"Almost 4 hours in and I had to stop and just tell someone anyone who will listen that if you don't own this game yet your denying yourself something special. Like a big summer movie The Phantom Pain has been on everyones lips with rumors, gossip, and excitement. And I know i get it maybe your the type of person who prides themselves on being ""That guy"" if you're not the one telling ppl and your only hearing the praises you shut it down without a chance. Well throw that concept out of your head right now. To Ignore this game is like fighting your shadow you just look stupid. This is ""that one game"" you know what im talking about. That one game you call off workfor, you skip school for, you ignore your girlfriend for. This game is the game you introduce your kids to gaming with. It's a travesty Hideo Kojima left Konami before this was released but in my heart it doesnt matter at this second. Stop reading my review and throw your money at steam and buy this game now!-MikhEvery Metal Gear has it's own style"
,Recommended,287700,23058912,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Justin_760,"Best action/shooter Ive ever played by FAR. Ive logged over 400 hours into this, and was straight hooked to this for a few months straight. Even now, Ive played through it three times on different saves and now have everything upgraded and developed and I still love booting it up and playing it occasionally, normally a game would be played to death at this point but here I am still loving it, I honestly dont know how the heck they did that.If you want the good details youll have to find them elsewhere this is just a short review. This games depth is incredible and there is so much involved, developing and customizing weapons is sooo addicting and almost infinite possibilities and whatever gameplay style you want to play with, its totally cool. doesnt force you to stealth and each mission is a giant sandbox of possibilities, almost like the hitman games. If you havent played this you absolutely MUST get it, this is no question my game of the year for action, and a great story to boot. Its a no brainer and I can give my guarantee you wont regret this, I cant recommend it enough."
,Recommended,287700,21089127,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Metal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Pain is the final game in the Metal Gear Solid franchise produced by series creator Hideo Kojima. It is a continuation of the story of Ground Zeroes and a chronological sequel to the Metal Gear Solid 3, Portable Ops and Peace Walker. In a lot of ways Metal Gear Solid 5 is closer to what Kojima desired the original Metal Gear on the MSX to be. A game with a focus on modern military combat set in a style of 80's cheese.There's a lot to say about the Phantom Pain. What it does well, and why fans walked out on the game feeling bitter and disappointed. In many ways the title reflects the mental state of the protagonist and the fanbase alike. There is a feeling of longing, for something that was there and is no longer.We find ourselves in the shoes of Snake set 10 years prior to the events of Metal Gear. After a 9 year coma he awakes, and sets out for revenge and to rebuild his army. The storytelling in TPP is easily some of the worst in the series. The villains are unmemorable, the story is half baked, there are no interesting codec calls to shed exposition and provide a nice pacing break to the story. It feels very unlike a traditional Metal Gear Solid game in this regard. Snake feels like a silent protagonist, and you can swap him out with a member of your military just fine and feel very little difference. Revolver Ocelot is completely underused and miscast. The only character who feels like he's giving an actual performance is Robin Atkin Downes as Kazuhira Miller. Without David Hayter as Snake, TPP feels more like a modern military shooter and lacks the humor and self awareness the series was well known for.But all that aside, the gameplay in TPP is easily the best in the series. The game feels much more akin to what a lot of other stealth action games have attempted but never quite grasped. Snake's movement is very tight and responsive, gunplay is good and quick, enemy AI responds to the player's actions convincingly, and stealth is always the most viable option. Ontop of this the game has sim-like elements related to kidnapping enemy soldiers and conscripting them to join your ranks. These sim elements brilliantly lead to you using stealth not just because the game is designed around it, but because you want to get better upgrades much quicker. It's an extremely comfy game and it feels very at home with other open world games like Red Dead Redemption and Far Cry 3. It also runs surprisingly well on PC.The Phantom Pain might appeal to newcomers to the Metal Gear franchise much more for these reasons. And as a result it's very hard for me to recommend the game to longtime fans unless you're aware of what you're going into. It doesn't feel like Metal Gear went out with a bang but with a whimper.And in a lot of ways it is poetic justice. For long periods of time Metal Gear Solid was criticized for having fairly awkward gameplay, long cutscenes and unnecessary philosophical drama. What TPP does instead is give people what a more general audience wanted, but it sacrifices something for it. And long after the game is over, it leaves you with a feeling of pain in your fingertips where your arm once was."
,Recommended,287700,17851825,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dr.Bolt,"One sunny day you're chillin out with your Russian comrades. You know vodka and bears and stuff. You hear a faint sound in the distance but cant exactly tell what it is. All of a sudden a man with a eyepatch and a dog holding a knife come out of nowhere and start gunning down your buddies. You take cover and then you remember what you heared, A helicopter comes out from the mountains and starts firing on you. ""WERE THE KIDS OF AMERICA!"" you hear over the sound of gunshots and people dying around you. You get hit and you're laying on the ground bleeding out. As you take your last breath and it starts becoming dark ""EVERYBODY LIVE FOR THE MUSIC GO ROUND!""10/10I love you Kojima."
,Recommended,287700,29558837,Posted: 29 January,all,akp [JP],THEY PLAYED US LIKE A DAMN FIDDLE
,Recommended,287700,17878733,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,punkstjimmy,"Incredible game! The attention to detail in this game is something all studios should aim for. Everything just works.The graphics are very impressive, awesome looking weather and lighting effects. I have no idea how this game runs so smoothly whilst looking as good as it does."
,Recommended,287700,17916439,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,nekobueno,"50 Hours in, I defeated Metal Gear, I thought I was done as the credits rolled, then they saidChapter 2..."
,Recommended,287700,28523591,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,walldog,"What would have been an amazing game, was left utterly unfinished by Konami's desire to milk the cash cow that is the Metal Gear Solid franchise. A large portion of the game is empty sandboxes, weapon grinding, and replaying areas in which only the objective changes. It's pretty much as lazy as Peace Walker, but still incredibly enjoyable. The story was saved from dilution, and still has that Kojima sparkle to it, just a bit less often.A large portion of the audio tapes tell you where the game might have been expanded upon, and how, but simply never left the recording booth, staying an un-watchable clip indefinitely. The sandbox is an excuse and distraction from the literal 5% of actual story and real gameplay. The side ops are mundane and repetitive, just as before, only affording you a bit more cash for the unlock grind. The weapons take an eternity to unlock, and you have to be ONLINE to do so. The online multiplayer is lackluster at best, and has yet to be expanded upon. But in light of all this, there is this incredible twist to everything:It's all somehow worth it.I really don't understand it. You might try to attribute it to hardcore fanboying, or maybe to the fact they obviously forced the game to be palatable to a more general audience of players. You might call it Kojima just somehow single-handedly delivering the hand and touch of god to such a game. Whatever the reason, it is still somehow fairly enjoyable to blow hours of time playing. It's fun dicking around with friends. It's fun figuring out new ways to cheese the ♥♥♥♥ out of enemies on a regular basis.It just works.Overall, the game could be much longer, environments could be far more diverse, and a lot more content could be provided. I don't know who to blame for that, but I wish such improvements were so. Even in a really half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥way, it still does manage to continue the legacy of such a great game series, and I'm glad I can play it. I like to like it, wish for more, and hope that it all can either be continued or given a proper funeral by all the tight-fisted corporates molesting this game's intellectual property. Thanks, Hideo. No thanks, Konami......................IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII'MMMMMM NUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCLEARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR"
,Not Recommended,287700,17958289,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Weed Wizard,"I think this is the first time I've reviewed a game, but this one made me really want to post what I think about it.The game starts great, a really nice and intense opening, the gameplay is fun and really well done, it's really well optimized and works like a charm.They give you a giant base which you can upgrade, they show you some open world side missions, some kind of system to capture animals and stuff (Most likely minigames inside a normal game).You start thinking, oh♥♥♥♥♥♥this is going to be great, I can already see the main plot developing and some great moments here, the motherbase is amazingly big so they sure as hell hid a lot of stuff there..Then you start noticing that the main missions are basically side quests with no plot on them, the game is the same all the time except for 4 o 5 missions (And that's chapter 1, on chapter 2 you HAVE to play the same missions you already played on chapter 1 but with increased difficulty, yup, that's it.) and that all that ""minigame"" that you thought the main game had was the game instead.The motherbase is empty, it only had one ""hidden thing"" which I don't want to spoil.. the main plot is not developed, the game was rushed as ♥♥♥♥ and was released not even half done recycling the missions you already played over and over, this is not a metal gear, this is a scam.The game is not that bad if you're looking at it as a hostagerescue/assasination simulator and not as a metal gear, but It's not worth 60€.TLDR; Don't buy this game, if you want to play it just download it or buy it when greatly discounted, it doesn't deserve the 60€, if you're a metal gear fan you will be dissapointed to the point of no return.The main idea is great, but this is simply a game halfway done."
,Recommended,287700,35168659,Posted: 23 September,all,Delta,How is this $20?
76561197967592007,Not Recommended,287700,21093056,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Skipalco,"I feel very conflicted about this game. Like other metal gear fans I was really eager to play this. The game started out great. The first 90 minutes were absolutely incredible. I rarely felt scared about the consequences of getting caught in the first scene than I have in any other game. It felt like there was so much on the line and the emenies were merciless. The first 90 minutes crescendos and by the time the opening is finished I was exausted. I was ready to take a step back. After the opening my imagination was going wild thinking about all of the other experiences that I would experience like the first 90 minutes of gameplay. This feeling kept me going for about 10-15 hours when I finally realized there would be nothing resembling that opening again. Once I realized this I could not get myself to extract another enemy from a base or gain some special intel. So this is the problem I have with this game. For players like me, there is very little reward for finishing a mission.  In past Metal Gear Solid games I felt rewarded after a difficult mission with a captivated cutscene sequence. The cutscenes in past games would suck me into the MGS universe. It made me feel like ""This is happening."" This game does not do that for me.  A mission just ends and then you get a cassette tape to listen to. That's really it. Then you get briefed again. Go on mission. Repeat 50 times.The game does feel really good though. The controls are tight and responsive. The game looks great. The gameplay is really good at first but wears me down after a while becuase there is little variety once you develop your own playstyle. The lack of reward (story) really makes the repetitiveness of the gameplay and locations stand out. I kept telling myself the game was going to get better. I was disappointed though."
76561198131868077,Not Recommended,287700,18033665,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,PunchPC,"Starts off great, but then turns into repeat junk over and over and then the story just dies. And by repeat junk, I mean the same missions over and over and over and over etc....This was a huge let down as I had high expectations for this game. Also, it's not really an ""open world"" game. There is an open world style map, but there is absolutely nothing inside the map other than the few mission specific destinations. It's like a moon scape of nothingness just plants or sand as you travel to the next populated area full of bad guys. I'd feel better about this game if I had paid $14.99, but I paid full freight and I have that burning, stinging feeling of having been ripped off. Buyer beware."
,Recommended,287700,24802806,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,WATCH THOSE WRIST ROCKETS!,"It's not bad...Nah but in all seriousness, controversy after controversy surrounded this game, even 2 years before release. The non-reprisal of David Hayter and replacement with Kiefer Sutherland, Quiet's sexualised design, Hideo Kojima's dispute with Konami, the cut Chapter 3 and Kojima's non-appearace to accept his award at the Game Awards.HOWEVER!WHY ARE WE HERE? JUST TO SUFFER? Every night, I can feel my rocket-propelled arm, my D-Walker, even my Kojima... The time I have lost, the friends I've lost, won't stop hurting. It's like they're all still waiting for me to leave the house. You feel it too don't you?THE WORLD CALLS FOR WETWORK! AND WE ANSWER! No fiddle playing, no pachinko machines. All for Chapter 3.Konami sent us to hell, but we're going even deeper. Take back all the content we lost.Kaz... I'm already a wormwood addict.This game is truly a masterpiece of cinemacy. To say 'Story Rich' is a complete understatement is like saying Vamp is a vampire. This game, and the series as a whole, truly defines video gaming to be a medium which competes with and outclasses Hollywood in regards to storytelling, narrative, use of tropes, drama and most importantly thematic choices. It is really the benchmark and I look forward to Kojima's next title 'Death Stranding' in upping the ante.The stealth gameplay is really something on the side to the plot but if my gametime is anything to go by for its replay-value as a stealth game then that is evidence enough. In-depth and open world, with a multiplayer end-game with FOB missions as a particularly out of breath, wheezy woman and MGO for those of you wanting to yell at the netcode.A video game to surpass it's predecessors. If you can look past the owl-like skeletal villain and Mother Base's resident cuck Huey, this game is a true diamond in the rough and it will make you not-so-nuclear but definitely wild.A shining light to our brothers in arms, even in death.We are Diamond Dogs.A Hideo Kojima Game"
76561198278207579,Recommended,287700,35037832,Posted: 17 September,all,Mr. Fahrenheit,It has puppy paw pads.15/10
76561197960467832,Recommended,287700,24922504,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,a scintillating comment,"A half naked woman, she is often covered in blood. What?Camera takes that linger on her 'assets' and 'physics'. What?A 'man on fire' who inexplicably ceases to be such and does not die. What?A dog, a lovely companion who wears a 'sneaking suit' to match your own and can kill a man with a knife. What?A disease that can sense vocabulary? What?What was the question I couldn't help but asking throughout this operatic batshit crazy mind ♥♥♥♥.But I couldn't put it down. Believe it or not the craziness well known by fans of the MGS series is seemingly toned down, but the gameplay and systems underneath all the craaziness come together to create one of the best open world games ever."
76561198201993601,Recommended,287700,17880575,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,IsoStere,"I freakin love this game, not since GTA San Andreas have I placed this many hours into a game in such a short amount of time. Very rare to have a game this good. One of the rarest games out there you can marathon till you get sick of it and a few hours later marathon it again and get sick of it...again!Pros:MUSIC: Brilliant; found a Soviet soldier playing ""kids in america"" I lol'd so bad given how serious the mission was.AMBIENCE: The tense music really makes your heart beat. Get ready to break a sweat when things get tense!SETTINGS: Bit dry at times and kinda boring (it is a desert after all) but otherwise ok, what GTAV's desert shoulda been.MISSIONS: Really immersive. Want an S Rank? Be prepared to play for hours on end.CHARACTERS: Mysterious even after 25 hours in. Can't wait to see characters develop after each mission.STORY: Only 7% complete right now but 25+ hours in? I cannot believe this!HUNTING: You can hunt animals (not eat em unfortunately; only rescue them; you get paid though!). My favourite aspect of Red Dead Redemption was hunting animals; this is about 75% as good.WEAPONS: Good. NVG's awesome.Cons:SAVING: Really wish it could have save anytime. Checkpoints are annoying at times (but don't turn them off there is no way to save manually; if there is one I've yet to find it).LEVELING UP: Takes a while to get good weapons and then get even better ones. Be prepared to kidnap every soldier and send em to Mother Base (solved later through scope upgrade which allows you to see highly skilled targetable soldiers to kidnap).CUTSCENES: Almost none; I miss them :( what happened Kojima?GAMEPLAY: Can feel like just cause 2 at times but obviously this is solved when you get into stealth and start sniping/tranqing everyone.HEALTHBAR: No eating to regenerate health and no health bar! This would have been so good given how Boss is spending most of his time in the desert.Too much to write about. Play the game.UPDATE: Just want to correct something on CUTSCENES. There are cutscenes in the game for important events. Its not like the game is totally devoid of them. Case in point being (NO spoiler here) the Quiet vs. Boss sniper battle (which I didn't expect to happen so randomly and caught me completely offguard; but man was it fun! Just don't forget to bring your sniper rifle, it was lucky i even had one at the time; my battle was in the daylight so she was extremely hard to spot; she's a one-two shot kill so beware when battling her; took me 40 mins to bring her down as she's constantly moving about and it's impossible to keep a tag on her). As for the STORY I just met Otacon's dad in a rescue mission that took 5 hours - reason being i wanted to kidnap every guard on base including the walking gears; which are also very hard to tranq with a silencer; their detection radius is insane). Also PLEASE do NOT spoil the game for yourself by watching youtube videos on it. It really takes it way from this rare experience. Also don't get on the hype bandwagon. The game has it's flaws; but that doesn't ruin the gameplay experience itself."
,Recommended,287700,25101720,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Floofy,"One of the Snakes leaves a hospital to make his base again but this time it has a zoo, while your commander makes burgers to feed an old guy who doesn't eat"
,Recommended,287700,29357309,Posted: 19 January,all,Kanakravaatti,This is the first Metal Gear I've ever played.But this is also the last (real) Metal Gear there ever will be.But it's the 11th game.But actually it's the fifth game.Game is great. It's a shame really. Online is fun too (like Uncharted 3 MP).
,Recommended,287700,17824641,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Bass13455=Guru of Greatness!,A Hideo Kojima Game.
,Not Recommended,287700,18014899,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,The Knightwalker,"This video sums up MGSV for mehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=houDtgBNPCA(not my video)Ok before all the fanboys attack me.Gameplay - 9/10. Theres so many ways to infiltrate a base. Lots of different equipment at your disposal. Even if the best way to get an S rank is proning through the mission and using a tranq gun.  But in the end its all bout ""kill this literal nobody"" or ""rescue this literal nobody"". But the gameplay is just superb. Some of the best fun ive ever had.Everything else - 5/10. There was literally no reason to make this game open world. Theres nothing to do other than drive around running over animals. Every enemy camp is set up the same way, and all the sideops make you revisit the same place you just cleared out, which makes no sense. Same with main missions, its rescue and kill people you have no idea about or care about. Main missions and side missions happen in the same place.Motherbase is a HUGE place, with NOTHING to do. Really. Nothing. You just end up running around knocking out your soldiers. Its like a facebook game, collect soldiers, send them out with your phone on missions and they come back with supplies, thats it. Thats all Motherbase is for. Housing facebook game soldiers. Big boss rarely talks, I thinks he says 4 lines in total. The environment is all the same. Desert, rocks, then jungle/forest.Now comes the big one. Half of the game was cut from the finished product. Yes you heard me. Since Kojima was firedor whatever happened, they made the second half of the game REPEAT missions of 20 or so missions of the game that you already did, but a higher difficulty. I dont want to spoil anything, even though its not even worth to not spoil, but the game will end abruptly and youll be going around doing side ops waiting for a new main mission to pop up and then notice, its over.Overall 7/10. The gameplay saves this game BIG TIME for me. It would be one of the worst games of this year if it didnt. Stop giving in to the hype and the "" A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME LOL XD"" meme.Wouldnt recommend for $60.Another couple of things I want to point out because I recently finished the game. I really feel like ive been robbed of 100 hours of my life. I wanted to like this game. The first hour of this game feels like it was writted by a 3rd grader. Idk let me stop i can write another 100 paragrapgs, but im done, i can finally uninstall and move on with my life.And now, KOJIMA DRONES TO THE RESCUE."
,Recommended,287700,17828185,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,twenty2,"A HIDEO KOJIMA GAMEAmazing so far! Graphics are beautiful, gameplay is fluent, story is incredible, the characters are memorable. Do yourself a favor and buy this game."
,Recommended,287700,17855998,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Goklitx,10/10 Best movie I have ever seen.A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME
,Recommended,287700,23351533,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Uchi℄,"Simple question:""How do i use rations?"""
,Not Recommended,287700,17971936,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Medusahead,"Metal Gear Solid V : The Phantom StoryHear me out when I say the gameplay in this game is probably the best in the series so far. You'll most likely have hours of fun playing the game. But why on earth would I give this game a negative review?The simple reason comes down to the story. My first major issue is that the story just abrutly ends. Imagine if in Metal Gear Solid, the credits rolled after the torture scene with ocelot. That's what it is like here. The game sets up a bunch of different plot points and then leaves them unresolved when the game ends. Konami even had the final battle and ending cut from the game to push the game out, you can even find the alpha footage on youtube.My second issue comes from Kojima. Don't get me wrong, Kojima is the man. But in Phantom Pain he has forgotten many crucial plot details from MG1, 2 and MGS4. The end result is that he has retconned a great deal of the plot and actually has ruined some of Solid Snake's backstory aswell.And one last thing. There's too much god damn exposition throughout the story. Many key moments in the Phantom Pain are just explained through long winded dialogue instead of being shown. Of course the series has always been guilty of this to some extent, but in this game it's almost the entire plot that is conveyed in this way. Code Talker is the worst when it comes to this problem.They also ruined all the mystery and wonder of The End by explaining his abilities with... Well you'll find out. But it's kind of like Star Wars: The Phantom Menace which ruined the sense of wonder of The Force with Midi-chlorians. It's very ironic that they share a similar name.I enjoyed the game but not the story. It's probably done more damage to the franchise than Konami's pachinko machines ever could. While the story has its share of twists and suprises, it ultimately doesn't live up to the rest of the series. It's like a jigsaw piece that doesn't fit, so you have to force it to fit by hammering at it until it does. You ultimately end up with a broken picture.If you don't care about the story, you'll probably enjoy the gameplay. But if you're a real fan of the Metal gear franchise you'll understand exactly why I take issue with the game. My best guess to the source of the problem is Konami making cutbacks to their video game sector and Kojima simply being forgetful when it comes to his plotlines. Amazing game, terrible story."
76561198208956857,Recommended,287700,20884978,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Weaponized Meme,"We passed upon the stair,We spoke of was and when,Although I wasn't there,He said I was his friend,Which came as some surprise.I spoke into his eyes,""I thought you died aloneA long long time ago.""""Oh no, not me,I never lost controlYou're face to faceWith the man who sold the world.""I laughed and shook his handAnd made my way back home,I searched for form and land,For years and years I roamed.I gazed a gazley stareAt all the millions here:""We must have died alone,A long long time ago.""""Who knows? Not me,We never lost control.You're face to faceWith the man who sold the world.""""Who knows? Not me,We never lost control.You're face to faceWith the man who sold the world."
,Recommended,287700,17875354,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Nulwin,"This is a game where you can, if you so desire, leg it through a sandstorm in Soviet-occupied Afghanistan following your marker set on a guard post to clear it out with expert precision, extract the weapon emplacements, then call for a resupply via airdrop before moving onto your primary objective half a klick away and later exfiltrating on horseback to a camouflaged helicopter customised to your specifications. While doing recon, as well as retrieving resources and valuable staff for a strategic advantage in the meantime.This is also a game where you can just call in that same helicopter, instead pink, decked out with the biggest missiles available to blast the everloving ♥♥♥♥ out of said guard post and/or objective while it's blaring Dead Or Alive's 'You Spin Me Round (Like A Record)', then continuing on your merry way.Either way, I love it."
,Recommended,287700,17862885,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Toastman,"Story::Even though at this point i have almost 30 hours total in game, I have still not completed the main story, between missions you will often feel the need or want to do the many side missions the game has to offer so you are better prepared in the next story section. The story so far has been intreguing and you start to see two colliding ideals within the motherbase, through your actions you can decide which side you take for some missions.Gameplay::The controls are as smooth as butter on a heated butter knife, very responsive! I was playing with a PS4 controller and it just felt ""right"". The mechanics have changed for the better from Ground Zeroes, Some animation times have improved or been sped up in order to keep the games flow steady and everything flows much better.The only issues I had were with D-Horse and Running, The horse is very unresponsive at times, often times just stopping completely or getting stuck on rocks, also stopping the horse running is extremely hard and often times sent me flying off a cliff to my death. I now avoid the Horse.Creating motherbase takes time and resources, though it never seems daunting or boring. There are many weapons and items to create and you will have fun trying to get soldiers with high enough stats to create them.The Buddy system is fun to use, personally I like DD at the moment, he is fast and spots enemies (and prisoners) in your area which is a life saver sometimes.(I haven't unlocked FOB mode so I cannot review ONLINE play)Audio:The audio is brilliant in this game, The voice acting has never been better for most the characters, Snake feels distant in some of his audio which is a shame considering the actor change, but overall Keifer does a decent job. Some audio tapes found in the field have a unrealistic sound radius sometimes where you can only hear it when very close to it, regardless of it being extremely loud on inspection.Visuals and performance::Never have I seen a game so heavily optimised! This is the most optimised game I have ever played which explains the small download size! Don't be fooled, it is not because the game is small, its because the game is constructed beautifully which is why even on lower spec machines it still works and runs beautifully.The cutscenes are all realtime but most the time it is near impossible to notice due to the games graphics being so crisp, with only a few issues such as the dynamic blood system creating some seams on clothing or on Snakes face, though it is rare and isnt extremely noticable. Flora is beautiful and the world, as vast as it is, looks amazing with minor issues every now and then such as textures not loading in the far far distance which is only noticable if zoomed in on purpose (I am a game design student so I look for these things).Overall::The game is worth a buy, even more so if you have played the metal gear solid games before this one, you will get hours and hours out of this game before even getting into the actual story. It looks brilliant, is optimised to the max and will give you a good run for your money.I was running on a i7 4770k, GTX 780Ti gaming edition, 16 GB RAM and am holding a solid 60 FPS the whole time on the max settings."
,Recommended,287700,29515724,Posted: 26 January,all,Rat,"Man, what a game. This game has kept me interested for over 130 hours and I'm currently sitting at the 76% completion mark, and I'm definitely not stopping there. The gameplay and stealth mechanics in this game are phenomenal. Everything works how it should and whenever you mess up, it's not because of a stupid glitch or issue with the games design, it's your fault. MGSV doesn't have a difficulty setting, but the game adapts to your play style, and tries to counter you, forcing you to try new tactics and learn to play the game differently. If you take over a major outpost by coming over a hill from the east, next time you arrive, there will be mine set where you previously came from. If you constantly invade at night, soldiers will be equipped with night vision goggles and flashlights. If you only shoot guys in the head, helmets will become more common. You can reset these values by sending your combat unit on missions to disrupt distribution of these items. I love everything about this game. I have barely gotten into the multiplayer aspects of the game, sadly because Metal Gear Online is very much dead, and I personally can't enjoy FOB missions much, but the single player alone has kept me interested this long I could recommend it to anyone."
76561198091913586,Recommended,287700,17862670,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,StrykerRC,"This game has something for pretty much every one. You like stealth? Boom. You like action? You can do that too. Like managing stuff? Mother Base is the place. What about those people who like abducting people/animals/whateverthe****? You got it.Great game, everyone should play it. I say $60 for this beast-of-a-game is a deal."
,Recommended,287700,17860261,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Garto,"Pros- Open World Stealth- Army Building Sim- Adaptive AI- ""Dark Souls"" Invasions- Nice draw distance- Decent story but plot is quite obvious- Need some understanding in some philosophy to understand why the ending was in this directionCons- Bland World. No other humans except soldiers- Graphics a little dated- Wonky controls ~Binocs/prone movement/menu- Cannot enter indoors in mother base- Very little interaction in mother base- Need to understand plot elements in MGS3/Peace Walker to fully understand the story"
76561198201131406,Recommended,287700,33755535,Posted: 23 July,all,THE BITCHER,-  HIDEO KOJIMA SIMULATOR -KOJIMA MASTURBATION OPERATIONSPRESS KOJIMA TO KOJIMA
,Not Recommended,287700,17979509,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Jason McClatchy,"Unfinished story, straight upMetal Gear Online is a joke"
,Recommended,287700,17917372,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Bubblegum,"Written7/9/2015I preordered and purposely downloaded Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain just to write a review to give my opinion if this AAA game is even is aAAA++game for me, which I’m sure is gonna be theGame of the Year 2015eventhough currently I’m not be able to play it yet due to my study. Moreover, I want to play it with my future PC which I can only grab it next year while now I’m currently working on it. Yeah! I should appreciate this game with awesome PC in order to play it to the MAX !Pewdiepie even had a chance to play it directly after it's launched, while as I know most of the time Pewdiepie plays Horror and Indie game. This game just too remarkable."
,Recommended,287700,33415725,Posted: 9 July,all,Gardian1234,"I'M GONNA FULTON EXTRACT YOU, YOUR CAR, YOUR MACHINE GUN, YOUR CAR, YOUR MORTAR, YOUR APC, YOUR TANK, YOUR FRIENDS, YOUR FAMILY, THAT SHEEP, THAT- OH♥♥♥♥♥♥BEAR!"
,Not Recommended,287700,18074665,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Forsaken Ghoul,"Above all, the world feels dead. There's supposed to be a war in Afghanistan going on, yet we don't see any Mujahideen fighters, civilians, or even any enemies outside of the outposts. There are no cars or tanks on the road except the very rare SINGLE transport truck that drives around. Tanks, choppers, even most animals do NOT spawn unless you are in a mission. Free roam is heavily restricted to recruiting a handful of guys, grabbing the holy grail that is the transport truck if you want to be able to go anywhere not on foot, and taking in the sights. And with both maps looking like a brownish dessert for the most part, that will get old quick. There are a few green areas here and there. but for the most part it falls off. There is no 'predator-esq' jungles. Most disapointingly is the lack of stronghold, or anything concrete really, the buildings are small and easily cleared/forgotten. It's easy to see this is an unfinished game as it lacks a a great many things old games had;There are no visible tranq dartsUnlike MGS3 you can't destroy storage houses and hear guards talk to themselves about how hungry they are and run out of ammo, there are also no richocheting bulletsYou can't feed hungry guards good or poisoned food and have them comment on it or dieGuards have a couple repeated conversations instead of many like in other MGS gamesGuards never talk to themselvesNo dialoge for guard interrogationsThere is no locational damage systemPointing your gun at guards no longer makes them react outside of getting held upGuards don't follow footprintsHardly any flora/faunt and you can't eat itNormal guards stay held up forever if nobody tells them to stopDead guards no longer leave blood trails when you carry themRocket punch is invisible when in MGS1/2 the guards would see, hear, avoid, and shoot at the Nikita missileWorst designed bosses in the series, they're easy on topNo cameraNo knifeNo MGS4 masksNo swimsuitsNo VR missionsNo random parody games""TECHNOLOGY"" Easter eggs rarely appearNo swimmingNo difficulty levelsEasy even with max heroismSide-ops downgraded from PW (EXTRACT THIS GUY 1-18, EXTRACT THIS PRISONER 1-19, EXTRACT THIS TANK UNIT 1-24, etc.)None of the levels are designed on par with MGS1-4 (Absolutely no major buildings/urban environments)The cover system is the worst in the seriesYou can no longer lean up or to the side while aimingFrom MGS4 - ledge shooting, crotch grabbing, prone CQC, supine/prone switching wasn't implementedContextual keys make it impossible to pick up a soldier if his gun is under himA handful of cutscenes and none of them are memorableSome of the main characters don't speak at allThe radio and tapes are more boring than any game's codec, and PW tapes were more entertaining and insightfulThe story that could have wrote itself by the previous games somehow ended up to be ♥♥♥♥ing terrible in every wayMassive amounts of cut content, no proper ending for startersBut hey, the FOB missions are kinda fun. Keeps me playing for the most part. Sucks hard for defenders though."
,Not Recommended,287700,18001028,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,MaxAle,gameplay 10/10story 4/10Not a MetalGearSolid gameNo.
76561198120387695,Not Recommended,287700,21893401,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Big Daddy B,"Oh Boy... Where do I start with MGSV? This could have easily been the best game ever created... But Alas, It never even got finished. Enviorments get ugly to look at, Unfinshed Areas, Repetivity, etc. There are Areas EVERYWHERE that are not finshed due to Cuckami's complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This game could have flipped the industry over with its great gameplay and almost  masterpeice storyline...  But once again, UNFINISHED GAME... And a gigantic ♥♥♥♥ YOU to Konami. I want my 60 Dollars Back!"
,Recommended,287700,20782151,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,N Quarter,"Highly RecommendedBest enjoyed with all Markers, Enemy Presence, and Damage Direction turned OFFI'll try and keep this short""ish"". Sorry if I completely leave out many aspects to talk about.Well, The Phantom Pain... what can I say except this Game was Epic! As a long time Metal Gear fan, I was really pleased, and enjoyed every second of this Game. It has certainly been years for me to play a Game and have time fly by, and this offered just that.It is the first stab at an Open World playstyle which has mixed feelings through the Community. Personally I thought it fit really well, and felt exactly like a Metal Gear Game. It comes with 2 reletively decent sized Maps, Northern Afghanastan which is full of Desert Terrain, and Central Africa [my favourite] which is lush Green Terrain with some Jungle area's.Everything Gameplay, and Graphics wise has been greatly improved, and due to the Fox Engine it runs on, it's extremely well optimized for lower end machines. The controls were very responsive and smooth and easy to pick up. Even after going back to play Ground Zeroes again, it's easy to see that they have been greatly imrpoved from that.If Stealth isn't really your drug, then don't worry because the Game can be played with Combat with equal rate of success, which not only gave you variety to complete the 38 Story Missions and 157 Side Ops, but it was always good to have some fun with it, whether you want to go in and kill everyone on sight with a Machine Gun, or go high in the Mountains and have some Sniper fun, or just call in a Bombardment or Air Support and watch the explosions.It also offers Material gathering to help improve your Weapons, and also a Fulton recovery System to extract any enemy, Vehicles and Heavy Weapons to help build your army up. If you ever get tired of using Snake through Missions, or Side Ops, then no worries, just add ANY of your staff in the Combat Unit and use them on Missions. This doesn't offer any special traits, but it's still good to do from time to time [and yes, Female Characters can also be used].The change from David Hayter, to Kiefer Sutherland from the TV hit series 24 was also great to see. Ever since 24 came out, I always saw Kiefer as a good role as Snake, and he really did hit the nail on the head. Unfortunately, his Voice acting doesn't have a major role as I would have liked which was a shame, but from what he did, was very effective and gave Big Boss more ""emotion"" to his voice [nothing against David Hayter].People have claimed that The Phantom Pain offers less Cinematics then previous titles, when really it has 5 Hours of Cinematics, and 6 Hours of Cassette Tape recordings of Conversations and reletive Intel [equalling most Metal Gear Games]. However, with such a large scale Game, this is all dwarfed to be less significant. It really does depend on if you focus on the Story Missions, or if you focus on other aspects such as Side Ops, or the Management side from time to time.Chapter 1will have you completing 31 Story Missions, and 3 Mission Side Op. It is also the typical Story you'll see in all Metal Gear Games, and people have also stated that the villian was kind of underwhelming. Let's be honset though, I've found all villians in Metal Gear to be that. They don't always have to be someone with large Guns who offer an epic battle. It's about the depth of the plot and how it is delivered in the Game. I found it to be effective in a way it needed to be, which to me was satisfying.To get a better feel of the Story while playing though, I'd definitely recommend listening to the Cassette Tapes as soon as you aquire them, and also play the Mission Briefing before selection, which gives a more indepth explanation than what you get once selected.The only thing I didn't enjoy through Chapter 1, was some of the Missions were simple to do, and felt like Side Ops, such as Rescue a specific Target for one example. The majority of the Missions though were unique, and some offered some really nice settings. I really do recommend turning all of the hand holding devices OFF as mentioned at the top. It really does add a whole new level of enjoyment.Chapter 2however, was a huge let down. Although there are ""19 Missions"" left after completing Chapter 1, 12 of these Missions are just re-used Missions on Hardmode which have no connection to where the Story is currently at. They are just thrown in there to make it look more complete, leaving 7 Story Missions, and 8 Mission Side Ops.Infact, you don't even need to complete these re-used Missions to continue the Story. All you need to do is Side Ops until you get a Radio Call to either come back to Base, or that your Mission List has been updated [usually 2 - 3 Side Ops].This was most likely due to the falling out with Konami and Kojima, with Konami not liking how much money was being spent on the Development, and just wanted it out the door ASAP. Which is a real shame, as Kojima really did wonders for this Game, and to have the end of it rushed so badly just shows how disgusting of a Company Konami can be.Not only was Chapter 2 rushed, but it is missing the Final Mission that wraps up the Story of Eli [who is a major Character in the Metal Gear Series]. However, if you purchase the Collectors Edition, you get to see the Concept Art, as well as the final Cinematic 30% completed.... [something that should have been given to everyone. Just Youtube it though, it's pretty Epic].As it is though, it has left fans with a foul taste in their mouth, and really destroys what a Perfect Game The Phantom Pain ""could"" have been. Even with such a downside of all of this, it doesn't change the fact that The Phantom Pain is worth every cent at Full Price. Chapter 1 is fully complete. The Gameplay is rich and entertaining. The Cinematics are amazing with extremely well done Voice acting, and the replayability, or long term play is completely there.One more thing I'd like to mention;I do have to quickly talk about Quiet though, who is a Sniper you come across reletively early on. Let's be honest, she is purely used as a sex object who just wears a Bra and G-String... However, that's not the problem. The problem being the shots from the Cinematics are intentional to focus on various parts of her body... To me, this just made ANY scene with her cringe worthy, and was a great way to ruin a perfectly acceptable Sniper character.Genre- Stealth / ActionGame Elements- Open World- Day Night cycle- Weather elements- Replay Missions- Stealth- Combat- Air Support on Request- Base Management- Staff Management- Material Gathering- Weapon Tree- Full Weapon Customization- FOB Online Mode [Optional]- Metal Gear Online 3 [Seperate Game]- Cardboard Boxes- Balloons!Average Playthrough- 50 HoursLiked- Excellent Voice Acting- Excellent Visuals- Excellent Cut Scenes [as always]- Smooth and Responsive controls- Easy UI [iDroid and during Gameplay]- Great range of classic Music to find- Variety to complete Missions- Tons of Side QuestsDisliked- Side Ops can feel repetative- Chapter 2 feels rushed- Final Mission not included- Quiet displayed as a sex object"
76561198081602621,Not Recommended,287700,22546317,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Jim Barnesly,"Boring repetitive missions that invlove no sneaking neccessary interluded with constant loading as you get on and off, on and off, on and off the helicopter.And a story that is lack lustre and all over the place, not to mention that you can pull out of an integral part of the story to run off around Afghanistan for a bit and shoot some dudes in the head. Then jump back in your helicopter and pick up from where the last cutsecene left off.Which is a shame, because I love the previous games and the engine and gameplay that this game is built around is fantastic. It's the the game itself that sucks"
76561198044461163,Not Recommended,287700,18354143,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dinesty30 ニャン,"This game is great, I had MANY hours of fun.While I like the game, I DON'T like to play clash of clans.How does this fit with MGSV you ask?There's a little thing called FOBs (Forward Operating Base) these little data streams are initially seen as a wonderful asset to your game, because you get more room, more resources, and access to better upgrades!But these perks come with a drawback. You now need to develop a new security team to defend your FOB from invasions. This is where my Clash of Clans comment draws in. PLAYERS are the only force to invade your FOBs and if they succeed they get to take some of your men.This affects your SINGLE PLAYER game. These losses can affect ALL of your teams, you WILL lose levels on your teams, you CANNOT disable FOBs. you get to choose where to place your men, your guns, and your drones, but that doesn't affect anything when a player can LITERALLY kill everyone and take 40 men.Personally, I like the game. I do not like forced PVP. I cannot recommend a game like this.Tl;DR: Gud game, bad forced PVP.Thank you for reading"
76561198259801218,Recommended,287700,31056465,Posted: 10 April,all,The  purest form of cancer,Pros-You get a horse.You get a dog.The dog can get a suit with a knive to cut open peoples throats.You get a sniper with overanimated boobs.You get a mecha walker.You get a Tank wich Floats and shoots electrical stuff.Good Graphics.Good Gameplay.Good Story.Cons-The tank got removed.The end of the game is so unsatisfying.The 'Sideops' are very repetitive.But it's a very good Game for the most part and I reccomend it.
76561198067566135,Not Recommended,287700,19128783,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,FusPanDah,"""Kept you waiting, huh?""Yea.You kept me waiting for this incomplete mess.What the actual ♥♥♥♥ happened.There is more story in the trailers than the final game. So much has been cut out and the worst part is that the cut content felt like it SHOULD have been there.That's the real phantom pain.Let's talk more about the game overall though.Pros-Gameplay is solid. There's versatility to the ways you can complete a mission usually (A lot of the missions are repetitive though and they're only done because Kaz told you so. Not for story reasons). I'm still enjoying just trying to do things with new tactics and weapons.-The Motherbase macromanagement is pretty cool because you can swap members over to other specialties to increase the level and get that cool upgrade. However, that brings me to the negatives now.Cons-The biggest one that I feel is a negative is also one that's becoming alarmingly apparant. Konami is trying to convert MGS:V into some kind of microtransaction game (Most likely to try and make up for the huge budget for this game). With each update, they add better weapons and other features such as better security devices to protect your FOB.But the cost requirements.The costs to get these new items. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ They want you to either spend all of eternity looking for elite members to replace your team or buy another FOB with those MB coins to add more space to your base and save yourself time.-Upgrading your base costs a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of resources and time. No idea why.-Story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not gonna let this one go. I have never been so disappointed and upset. The ending is just thrown at you with no build up. There are so many plot lines that are never fully explained either. The ending was something out of an M. Night Shamalyanading-dong movie.And I'm talking about his recent movies.Snake doesn't talk at all wtf. I felt like I was controlling an emotionless rock for the entire story. Literally all the conversations that he DOES talk in are in cassette tapes that are completely boring and are usually just Kaz or Ocelot talking. His name should've been ""Silent Snake"". It would sound cooler and makes a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton more sense than ""Punished 'Venom' Snake"".Most of the characters are boring as ♥♥♥♥ too. Ocelot and Kaz's only purpose is to tell you why this mission is important or what ""____"" does and are just there to hold your hand and explain the plot as it trudges along.-Open world....?There is nothing out there except sheeps and bears to tranq and fulton out. There's no one or thing out there of interest, no motivation to explore around the barren wasteland. It's a serious flaw and makes the game feel so empty at times.Motherbase itself I expected to be filled with activities and soldiers training like in the trailers.lolnope.There is just random people walking around that salute you to increase their ""morale"". But here's another kicker.Base morale doesn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ I completed all of Chapter 2 without having gone back and it was totally fine with no negative consequences.-FOB is required. This goes a bit into my first con point. I remember they said something along the lines, ""FOB's are optional and are not required to complete the game."" in one of the gameplay demo's.We were suckered from the start.Your first FOB is mandatory to build at some point in the game. And as for that second part, yea it's not needed to complete the game's pathetic story missions. But if you want to upgrade your weapons to something better than a toaster, you DO need that extra space that the FOB gives. ESPECIALLY with the November update.-CUT CONTENT. I wouldn't mind that there was cut content if they didn't tease you with the knowledge that THERE WAS CONTENT THAT WAS CUT.This game got so overhyped and I believed it all. I feel it would've been better to have faith in the next Call of Duty being different than to have believed in all the♥♥♥♥♥♥they talked about in their gameplay demo's.""Motherbase is customizable and will be unique to every player!""You can literally change the color  of MB to one of seven-ish pre-existing colors.♥♥♥♥ me.There are so many more smaller points that I want to make about this game but I'm not sure if it's necessary to make my message clear:This game is really just unfinished and with the way Konami is handling it, it's obvious that they are going to try and squeeze as much money as they can out of their last triple A game. It's a damn shame too because the actual gameplay is solid and refined.At first, I was outraged that Konami would take off Hideo Kojima's name off of the cover of his last MGS game.But now.I believe that Kojima knew what Konami had in plan and took it off himself.For he saw the monster that was created.To spare himself the shame of what it had become.TL;DR: Buy it when it's cheaper.Right now... It just hurts too much to spend 60 bucks on a game that sold off its prologue and cut out its ending.*EDIT* To clear up a bit of stuff. Also it's been a hella long time since I posted the initial review.A large amount of that time I played was spent just farming for resources and S rank people. Literally just doing runs to pick up resource containers (hopefully snag a few good people along the way) and then going prone in a truck and afking while it went back and forth between checkpoints while I slept/went to go do other stuff. And then this got patched and it took even longer to do something similar to it.The way resources work in this game is that you have to first obtain unrefined resources and then over a period of time, your base will convert them into usuable resources for upgrading. But you have to be going between checkpoints in order for the game to reset the timer for converting resources.Basically, they're even gating how much you can use the resources that you gathered and it takes a LOT to get some of the later base upgrades as I stated before.I understand that my hours and my review do not look supportive of each other from an outside view, but farming was unfortunately a large part of it. That's what made the game so obnoxious for me because it was taking an ungodly amount of time. What was worse than the resources were the level requirements for some of the weapons. They were becoming so high that even with a fully staffed S rank base, you may not hit the required level. This meant you gotta start hunting down S+ members which are even rarer or spend money to make a base if you don't have enough MB Coins (they gave some during events but otherwise it takes around 5ish months with daily log ins to have enough for one base...? I saw they had a half off on your second base deal going on recently so that was pretty cool and nice of them.)Even with all those hours, I still haven't fully upgraded my stuff. When Konami stated that they wouldn't need players to spend money on the game, they didn't explain that they were basically going to handle future updates like a mobile game where the new stuff is gated by a humongous time wall.But now that the price has been lowered quite a lot as well as Metal Gear Online finally being released for the PC, it's probably worth a pick up if you have the cash for it. The same problems still plague the game though and that's what makes me so sad about the game. It really is amazing gameplay wise but the way they're handling it is not on the same level."
76561198044179033,Not Recommended,287700,18269219,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Stannis Baratheon #1 Dad,"All these idiot sheeple give this game a 10/10, and  the game wasn't even completed. You clowns are the reason why AAA games get away with setting the bar so low.Chapter 3 was removed entirely. The story is unfinished, you have to replay the same missions to progress what little of the ""story"" remains.A game without a plot, a protaganist without dialogue, in a free-roam game WITH borders... all for revenge. Now with microtransactions. THEY PLAYED US LIKE A DAMN FIDDLE- Written and directed by Hideo Kojima -"
,Recommended,287700,24100676,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,B∆LCH,A review to surpass Metal Gear...>so much stealth>soundtrack 9/10>a dog that carries a knife and have an eyepatch>extractions>Africa guerrilha>more extractions>a gun that shoots water>enemies has an AI 8/10THANKS KOJIMA
,Recommended,287700,17824944,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Synga (PC died),I counted 45-50 minutes from starting the prologue until I was able to shoot a guy.
,Recommended,287700,20970497,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Geralt of Trivia,"This is the first time I'm playing a MGS game, so this review will not have any fanboy bias.I didn't intend to buy this game, but when it was hard to pass on the 50% off sale a couple of weeks ago, so I gave in. I was expecting a good game since I'd read the reviews, and it didn't disappoint. At all.I've not finished it yet so I can't comment on the entire story, but I think I have played enough to write the review.I would like to list some pros and cons:Pros:1. Great gameplay.2. Immersive stealth mechanic. You literally have to watch your back. You need to take everything into account, time of the day, weather conditions, situation of the infelteration area, etc. It's far better than Assassin's Creed's ""climb onto a ledge and hit everyone with throwing knives"".3. Large open world map. I like open world games. My favorite games are open world, Witcher 3, GTA V, etc. So I liked this about this game.4. Great graphics. It looks great! Large draw distance, great textures, lighting, shadows... etc.5. Amazingly well optimized. I've a got single R9 280X (overclocked) and a FX-8320 (overclocked), 16 GB of RAM, and a 1080p monitor. I only need to drop Post Processing, Lighting and Effects to High, everything else in on Extra high, and I get 60 FPS 99% of the time. Amazinngly enough, it only uses 4.5 GB of RAM! GTA fills up nearly 8 GB! I wish more games were as well optimized as this.6. Interesting Story. I've not finished the game, but I'm already hooked on the story. And it's also very long. 19 hours in and I've finished like 7%. I admit, I did♥♥♥♥♥♥around a bit, and had to do some things multiple times because enemy discovered me, but still.7. Great soundtracks.8. Fun Online multiplayer. I admit, I suck at it, but it's fun. If you just play it for fun, like I do, it'll deliver.9. Great with both controller and KB/M. I play the single player with a controller, and multiplayer with mouse and keyboard. Both controlls are good.10. Mod support.11. You can order your horse to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons:1. Konami is a♥♥♥♥♥♥2. No ability to quicksave, far off checkpoints.3. Some missions are repetitive.4. Story is said to be unfinished, and that's why Konami fired Kojima, apparently he wanted more budget to finish it, and Konami said no.I got for 30$ on its most recent sale. Would I have bought it for 60$? probably not, since I'm poor. Should you buy it for 60$? If you can, definitely."
,Recommended,287700,21649072,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Havok16,"I have officially got 100% in this game now, with 157 hours under my belt. This is also coming from a huge fan of the franchise who's played every Metal Gear game many times to completionist values.I was so excited for this game, hyped beyond belief and following ever since the original Phantom Pain tease that was a fake project. This game lived up and went beyond all that hype, for the entire first half of the game.The world building though empty is impressive. Afghanistan and Africa feel like military zones, where the small towns, bases and checkpoints have soliders patrolling, watching out for intruders (which, I admit is only yourself - so it feels a little off when you think about it).The missions are fun, challenging, stealth is of course always what you should go for, but it's not neccesary - pick up an assault rifle or grenade launcher and blast through. But, you'll be missing out on a lot.Mother Base building up, fultoning soldiers back to build up your own personal military force, and going to visit the place you've put hours into building up in the Seychelles.The exitement all ended in the second half, the missions feel repetetive sometimes, or rather lackluster. The story falls apart, to the point where infamously there is a missing mission with a huge unanswered storyline left out - and potentially an entire third act that was cut.There are issues with this game, the story is the weakest out of any Metal Gear game, there are no classic boss fights like FoxHound. Dead Cell or The Cobra Unit. There are no codec moments. There is no big ending.But, it's one of the best open world games I've ever played. Capturing soldiers never gets old, and sneaking through a base crowded with soldiers who have donned riot suits or helmets because of your tactics on the battlefield feels tense and gives a challenge. The buddy system is pretty cool, I enjoyed all of them greatly. Research and Development of new items was always something I loved in Peace Walker and it's even better now. Creating new platforms on Mother Base (which you control unlike Peace Walker) is also brilliant, and getting a FOB to build a second one for greater resources and higher ranks of your different units. I hate the MB coin microtransaction system that I never used, the FOB's should have been gradually unlocked through the game, or cost huge amounts of GMP (in game resources).I wholeheartedly recommend this game. It has flaws, but it is still oh so fantastic."
,Recommended,287700,17855969,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Camega,"guard: There's a specialist located here...MAP UPDATED-checks map-me: So, it's you?10/10 he screamed into the sky"
,Recommended,287700,33484128,Posted: 12 July,all,LandeyZ,Base game costs as much as the definitive experience.10/10
76561197975804869,Recommended,287700,17848892,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Wololoooo,"A Hideo Kojima GameSuch a Spetacular game, excellent gameplay and graphics, the story competes for the one of the best stories ever written for a video game. Exploring a giant world where a single mistake can alter the outcome of various future missions. Gather companions and create your own base in the ocean where you can manage and contruct your own weapons and tech gear for the missions ahead. And help Big Boss in defeating the mysterious organization Cipher and their strange and overpowered freak soldiers and theis incredible powers. GE IT ,YOU WON'T REGRET!!"
76561198021726329,Recommended,287700,29873315,Posted: 12 February,all,StrangeFlames,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is one of the greatest game that I have ever played so far! I have to say the FOX engine that is used to power this game is one of the best game engine that I have ever seen. It is able to deliver great graphics and animation without requiring you to own a high end PC. I am using a 4 years old Rig and is still able to max out all the options, this is a really well optimised game.There are alot of things to do in this huge open-world game, there are about 50 main missions and about 150+ side missions to complete taking place in the open world area of Afganistan and Africa. However some of the main missions are just a more difficult version of previously played mission. There are also optional collectables to collect such as animals and emblem parts.The Gameplay is great in this game, the gunplay feels really good as you can switch from 3rd to 1st person view seemlessly to aim down sights and the stealth feels challenging yet satisfying. There are a huge arsenal of weapons to upgrade and choose from, provided you spend the time and resources to create them. The best part of this game is the fulton system which enable you to capture almost everything in the world ranging from animals and soldiers to tanks and gun emplacement. Capturing jeeps and tanks allow you to use them in the field, while capturing soldiers would increase the level of your motherbase which in turn would unlock more upgrades and weapons to be developed. The buddy system in this game is really good as you can choose from a dog, sniper, robot or a horse to accompany you through missions and they each have their own unique benefits.The story is amazing and it keeps me playing to know what would happen next. However, the story feels abit unfinished as the ending does not feels satisfying and complete. It feels as though the real ending of this game was removed for whatever reason.There are two multiplayer aspect of this game which is the FOB and Metal Gear Online. FOB enables you to used soldiers captured from the field as security guard to protect your online resources from being stolen from others. You could also invade other player's FOB to steal their resources and soldiers that can be used in your single player experience. Metal Gear Online is mainly a Player vs player shooter not unlike Gears Of War. At the time of this review though, the online community is really small as there are only a few lobbies available to play in.There are also microtransaction in this game in the form of MB Coins. They are mainly used in the online aspect of this game such as FOB and Metal Gear Online. For FOB mode, you can use MB coins to unlock more motherbases while in Metal Gear Online, you use MB coins to unlock cosmetic items such as hats and costumes. You can choose to buy the MB coins or gather a small amount of them from daily login rewards.Overall, This is an amazingly well optimized game with great graphics and animation as well as offering the player lots of things to do as this game could probably keep you occupied for a long time. However the story ending could be better. I would give this game a 9/10 and would highly recommend it to anybody who love stealth or action games!"
,Not Recommended,287700,18003639,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SwaglordDainton,"As for someone who has put roughly 60 hours into this and completed it, i wouldn't recommend anyone buying this if you are a hardcore fan of the Metal Gear Series as you'll be left very dissapointed in what you will get with this game, as i won't spoil it too much of the game, it's a game that has great gameplay but lacks heavily in the story, as its had its content cut heavily, with only having chapter 1 being actually complete with the Chapter 2 with only a few story mission and the rest of the chapter filled with hardmode level for missions from chapter 1 and chapter 3? doesn't exist as far as reports go online on reddit and other mediums. but if you are new to this then you might like it but its better to just play the older games and forget this altogether as this doesn't live up to the hype nor the reviews of 10/10 that it had."
,Recommended,287700,17843644,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[FIST]Onuma,MGSV:TPP is the quintessential Metal Gear Solid game.  Kojima didn't just want to go out on a high note; he wanted to go out with a game that keeps the best parts of all previous MGS titles and still manages to reinvent itself as a fresh game.
,Recommended,287700,28872121,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Panzer,"This game has been analyzed back and forth so much it's pointless to go into detail but I will say this:Kojima is not a good writer and he should leave that department to others (sorry fanboys, he really isn't), but on theother hand he is an exellent game designer and character designer. This game lives on its gameplay and its characters.The game does have flaws but they are outshined by its strenghts. MGSV should not be missed by ANYONE who likes stealth games. If, on the other hand, you are a twitch-shooter type gamer with little patience, then this is not the game for you.Regarding the obligatory online FOB: this scares people but there is no reason to fear it. Any losses you take if someone invades youir FOB is greatly compensated by the advantages the FOB gets you. I promise, even if you are really unlucky you will end up making a profit from the FOB. You can basically ignore that aspect if you wish but that would be a mistake because FOB play is very enjoyable. Personally I like this feature.So even if this game is old, if you like the genre: play it! You can get it for a really low price now and you will have many hours of open world stealth play to enjoy. Recommended."
76561198018640523,Recommended,287700,17898361,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,JrSmiles,From watching kids get thrown out of helicopters and explode all the way to tying sheep to balloons.MGS V has come a long way.
76561198140890555,Recommended,287700,22875759,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,FrenchiXRainbow,Best stealth game there is on the market in my opinion
76561198090221082,Recommended,287700,17830609,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,solidjgs95,A Hideo Kojima game
76561198046765275,Not Recommended,287700,18062547,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Microsoft PowerPoint,"Total disappointment for the series.- Way too much filler missions, no actual plot progression.- Plot sucks- Ending sucks-♥♥♥♥♥♥happens but does not get explained at all.Hideo pls. Why♥♥♥♥♥♥the finale.On the plus side tho,+ Gameplay+ Graphics (minus low-detail hair and beard)+ Versatile equipment and development.But nevertheless, ""The Phantom Pain"" is the feeling you get after finishing this game. Spent almost 55 hours but still. So empty inside. Have to vote this one down."
,Recommended,287700,23443697,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,kneesocks,Metal Grind Solid.
76561198178872605,Recommended,287700,33461964,Posted: 11 July,all,Modern Art,"A very fun game. It can be approached in many different play styles. If you love to run n' gun, or take it stealthy, this game tailors to how you play. In my overall opinion this game has a solid 9/10. An amazing game even if you're new to the Metal Gear series."
,Recommended,287700,17841510,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,DMNS,A Hideo Kojima game.By Hideo Kojima.Created by Hideo Kojima.Directed by Hideo Kojima.Written by Hideo Kojima.Hideo Kojima.Inspired by other games created by Hideo Kojima.A continuation of the legacy of Hideo Kojima.AND Hideo Kojima.10/10Hideo Kojima credits simulator. (Plus the game is fun)
,Recommended,287700,30866338,Posted: 31 March,all,Keebz,"Wow, what a game. Took me a while to beat it because it's just so packed full of content.Pros:*The storytelling and cinematics were extremely well done, albeit a tad confusing at times to a MGS noob like myself.*The gameplay is varied and there are a ton of different ways to tackle any given situation.*The base upgrade system was cool.*Awesome 80's music and setting.The only con:*I didn't like how you essentially have to replay a bunch of missions on the hardest difficulty in order to get the actual ending. Would have preferred to just have new missions or a shorter game.I give it a solid 9/10."
,Not Recommended,287700,18856754,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Singulari7y,The games not even finished.
,Recommended,287700,17858487,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ariel,sickedit: a flying flaming whale just ate a helicopter while a flaming man with a flaming pony chased mestill sick
,Recommended,287700,17920954,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Gehennalis,"Is it really the end of Kojima's time with MGS? All signs point to yes, and there's a somberness with that realization.The journey of Metal Gear reaches its magnum opus in terms of a fully realized stealth action open world game which, by far, manages these elements with incredible results. Open-world is a saturated phrase. Games employ it but often fill it up with mindless side activities and content which gets dull over time. Here though, the tactics you employ for every area and approach are always refreshing. You are rewarded for thinking carefully and planning ahead. The enemy adapts, forcing you to change. The seamless transition of stealth to action makes playing an absolute blast.However, MGSV is a hodgepodge. To say it's a 10/10 is a misnomer. There are specific parts of this game which are outstanding. Gameplay, sound design, soundtrack, cinematics, character design, managing Mother Base, it's all quite incredible. There's SO MUCH CONTENT in this game, it's insanity. I finished Chapter 1, the first sequence of the game, after about 47 hours.However, shortcomings do exist in smaller ways. Depending on who you are, you might find the story lighter. Kojima is going against the MGS formula, which has been routed in tradition for a long time. Thus, lengthy exposition and long cutscenes aren't as prevelant. The loss of end game content (in terms of side character plots) is unfortunate, but something which happens these days with massive titles. There's also a true ending point which may strike fans or players differently.So, the major impairments are some plot weaknesses. However, this was a major undertaking for Kojima's team and really his first crack at the format. Despite what controversies come from plot and a few errors, the game will be remembered for years. If nothing else, it's absolutely the BEST stealth action game today. It makes many other stealth games feel painfully inferior."
,Not Recommended,287700,18008228,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SuffocatedNYDM,"The best half a game I have ever played and if your are a MGS fan you will won't to play this and you will and I would recommend it even more if you have never played MGS, what we do get in the game is fantastic but the game is incomplete period chaper 2 consists of 1 or 2 new missions then either you play re hashed versions of chapter 1 misssions or side ops untill you unlocj the end of the game, that is not acceptable there was supossed to be a whole otehr map and a final boss fight with Eli and the 3rd child, and don't give me this don't just watch play this is a Hideo Kojima game we need a proper conclusion to the game.""We'll make diamonds from their ashes...take them into battle er 180 side ops because the game is over..."""
,Not Recommended,287700,18023074,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Starkregen,"Edit: I think I was a bit unfair to the other parts of the game, gameplay wise it's amazing, if you like a stealth based game go for it. NGS V is one of the best games you re gonna ever play in this matter. but if you were curious about the story of Big Boss like me I do not recommend this game, yet.. Since we have a patch or DLC that completes the missing parts.It is so obvious that a lot of content from the game has been cut off after the first  chapter it feels like a massacre , Game contains a prologue and 2 chapters,  You can feel Kojima's storytelling and magic at prologue and 1st chapter as they are just amazing and feels like a Metal Gear Solid game, then things go down like sandstorm with the starting of 2nd chapter. Its right out unfinished, you can literally feel the content that is not there like a phantom pain. Such a lust for irony.From the storytelling of prologue and chapter one you can feel that they story should have contain at least 5 chapters, and I believe it was what planned for at first. Because we are promised to see how Big Boss turned evil from the legendary soldier of Outer Heaven  to merciless tyranny of Zanzibar Land, we were promised a story that will tie lose ends. None that happens in the game.My theory is that Konami pull Kojima off from the game after first chapter and finished the second chapter without him thus explains why the second chapter was such a mass and unfinished, and today we found out that a whole 3th chapter is missing including the unfinished 2nd chapter. As a conclusion Konami just wanted to release the game and get the hell out of AAA game industry.We have no idea what exactly went down during development between Konami and Kojima Productions and the fallout that ensured. For all we know the game wasn't complete and needed more time, but Konami rushed for a September 1st release. On the other hand, Hideo Kojima had 5 years and 80 million dollars to make this game, and he failed to deliver a complete product. But again, we don't know what happened during the development of this game."
,Recommended,287700,17864573,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,=^_^=,"So MGS V...There are certainly a lot of things to complain about MGS V, particularly on PC, but how much each of the gripes matters depends a lot on where you're coming from. If you enjoyed 1-4 and are expecting the same sort of narrative and gameplay, you'll probably be disappointed; same for people expecting an FPS or min-maxing folks who are expecting a huge challenge even when using the best equipment and companions. That said, if you played Peace Walker and thought, man, I really wish this had been on a console / PC instead of PSP it would have been great, this game fills that niche (minus the solid narrative of PW).I could write a lot more, but I'm still kinda dazed from playing the game for 40 hours over the span of two days. I think that sort of says it all for me at least. This game isn't for everyone or whatever everyone expected, but it certainly is for me."
,Recommended,287700,17939695,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Sherlock Van Helsing,"https://youtu.be/7l1bFSwu1bwGame:Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom PainGenre:Third-person Open-world StealthDeveloper:Kojima ProductionsPublisher:Konami Digital EntertainmentCopy supplied by SteamMetal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Painis an open world third-person stealth game developed by Kojima Productions and published by Konami Digital Entertainment. I grew up playing Metal Gear games, and this is easily my most anticipated game of all time. Thank you Hideo Kojima for all the great game that you made.STORYNine years after the events of Ground Zeroes, Big Boss wakes up from his coma. After being helped escape from the hospital by Ocelot, he goes to Afghanistan to rescue Kaz Miller, rebuild Mother Base and take revenge on Cipher and Skull Face. Saying more would be a spoiler, and all I can say is that I found the story very interesting and full of plot twists (both believable and not).Unlike the other games, the cutscenes are shorter and more accessible then before, and the Codec calls have been replaced by cassette tapes that can be played while exploring the battlefield. This way, the gameplay is never broken and you can enjoy a better look at what happens. If you are new to the franchise, you won't understand jack, however the story isn't shoved down your throat like in Guns of the Patriots, and you can just as easily skip the cutscenes if you don't care.GRAPHICSThe Fox Engine really is sublime: even at the lowest settings every facial animation, every little detail in the open world is beautiful, and everything runs at sweet 60fps at high resolutions. Even though it is open world, the world is still full of details and secrets to discover, as well as varied locations: you will infiltrate power plants, villages, highly-guarded camps and bridges. The game is gorgeous and you don't even need a great PC to enjoy it.GAMEPLAYFirst of all, the combat. You have tons of possibilities to handle each situation: go in guns-a-blazing with rifles and rocket launches, snipe from afar, call air support, hold-up everyone at gunpoint... The choice is yours. And you are not punished for going on a killing spree, but even more so if you don't kill anyone and avoid detection.You can also call in four buddies to help you out: D-Horse to move fast and undetected, D-Dog to distract enemies and detect plants and wildlife, Quiet to scout environments and snipe, D-Walker to attack outposts when violence is needed. Each one of them is important, and simply changing buddy changes how you play a mission or Side Op.Each mission is unique and has relevant bits of story that unlock at the end, and the Side Ops are varied and seemingly unlimited: extract prisoners, destroy heavy infantry, find blueprints, capture animals... Every mission feels relevant, and not put in just to fill a void, something that most open world games do.You can also develop Mother Base, where the soldiers that you extract go, to develop new weapons, items and outfits. You can also deploy combat units to complete some missions to get more currency and items. You can also explore Mother Base to increase morale, take a shower, find emblem parts and diamonds and complete target practice. You can also customize weapons in every single part (after finding the legendary gunsmith), your buddies, your helicopter and your vehicles.I just love the amount of detail and depth that is put in the gameplay, making this the most accessible and complete gameplay in a Metal Gear ever.CHALLENGEThe more you play the game, the smarter the enemies become: you like headshots? They will start using helmets to protect themselves. You enjoy lurking in the night? They will use night vision goggles. The fact that the enemy adapts to your strategy makes every encounter challenging and fresh, and even though your health regenerates, you can't stand behind cover because they will throw grenades or send shielded enemies to kill you. However, you have enough firepower and possibilities to defeat this enemies and escape when everything goes south, making everything more enjoyable rather than frustrating.SOUNDThe voice acting is superb: like him or not, Kiefer Sutherland is very good as Big Boss (even though he mostly talks in the cassette tapes), and Robin Atkin Downes, Troy Baker and another voice actors do a fantastic job as always. The sound effects are also brilliant, with each gun and footstep never feeling out of place.And the soundtrack. I LOVE this soundtrack. Listening to Take On Me while infiltrating a camp, having The Final Countdown while you are riding your horse with bullets flying all around you are just some of the great memories that the music in the game helps enhance. You can also add your own music, which is always a nice touch.REPLAYABILITYTons of missions, 42 achievements, the upcoming multiplayer and the FOBs make this a game that you will play for at least 100 hours.Overall, this is one of the most enjoyable open world games I've ever played. If you love the Metal Gear games, you will have a ton of fun with the excellent gameplay and multiple possibilities to complete missions. Even though the story isn't as strong as the other games, it still is very much interesting and it ties many loose ends. If you like open world games, third-person shooters, stealth games and Metal Gear, this is a must-buy.Thank you Kojima for changing mine, and many other gamers' lives.Story: 9Graphics: 10Gameplay: 10Challenge: 9.5Sound: 10Replayability: 10ENJOYMENT: 10FRUSTRATION: 5.5Follow me on Twitter: @nickygra97Subscribe to my channelLike on Facebook{LINK REMOVED}Check my official websiteJoin my Steam group"
,Not Recommended,287700,18037556,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Odyssic,"Where to start?My opinion on MGSV is pretty bipolar as on one hand I love this game but on the other I hate this game. As a long time MGS fan, I can't say this is the game I was expecting. I didn't read anything about MGSV before playing, and when I saw it was like Peace Walker, I was almost already disappointed. It grew on me over time but this feeling of just doing the same thing felt like a pointless grind. The MGS brand is legendary for what it did, and for this to be Kojima's final hooray for the series IS NOTHING BUT DISAPPOINTING. I have respect for Kojima in everything he has done in this game however, the story when shown is excellent (though REALLY rushed), the gameplay truly shines at times.As you can see from my play count (if I played it after, I finish the game in 55 hours) this is not a short game at all. This can actually feel like a very repetitive game, side ops are repetitive, heli is repetitive, some main missions are repetitive and the waiting for something to develop is repetitive. I sometimes felt like I was forcing myself to play the game, hoping it can deliver but it just never does. Story is actually left unfinished in some areas, half of me believes this is Konami's fault. The game sets itself up for WAY MORE development but it just never happens.I guess I have talked about the disappointing areas of the game, I guess I should mention what I liked about the game. The gameplay is excellent, really fun and surprising addicting to build your base to be as strong as possible. Before you go out on missions you can create your loadout of weapons and buddies. With the best buddy being D-Dog, I never felt an attactment with Quiet like most people, I actually don't know why people felt attacted to her, she doesn't do anything really. You're free to do whatever in MGSV, with the game being open world. It's exactly like Far Cry 2 in fact, if you haven't played that game, here is the best way to sum it up. You clear a guard post, you go away from the area and come back and all the guards are back. Every time you play, this is really frustating and what made me HATE playing Far Cry 2. So you could probably understand my frustation playing MGSV for 55 hours. When out in the field, you can extract soldiers for your own personally army. You can also extract wild animals, such as bears and sheep, this is pretty funny to see a few times, after a while you'll stop extracting these animals and just stick with people.The story structure is in episode format, meaning it should opening and ending credits, this goes as far to literally spoil what is going to happen in the episode. For example: if you see Skull Face's name in the opening, you already know what is going to happen in the episode pretty much. I pretty much made it a requirement to look away during these moments at the start because I hated being spoiled in this way.Too sum up:Pros:Gameplay is goodBase building is addictingSide story stuff is better than main story but main story is the focus.D-DogActing is amazingThe game runs like a dream, one of the most optimised open world games I've ever playedCons:Episode structure is bad as it literally spoils what is going to happen in the missionStory is disappointingUnder-developed second halfHardly any bossesSide ops are repetitiveGame feels too long because so much down timeOverall: This game is not the best MGS game ever made, in fact, I think this is the worse out of the whole series. However that isn't a bad thing, I still had fun during my time with the game, despite how it may look. I made some of the fun with repetitive side ops by doing them in different ways. See how fast I could do them as all of them are simliar in some ways.Will I play this game again? No I won't, I think the whole ""it's like MGS2, it will grow on you"" is just wrong, I have noticed all the flaws with the game, those aren't going to get better with age. These flaws are here for life and I'm happy with experiencing this game just the one time.The question is, do I recommend it? This is where the recommending system on steam sucksssssssss, I would only recommend it if you are:1) a MGS fan who wants to play the final MGS game made by Kojima2) wants an open world game and doesn't care about these issuesHowever I have seen people enjoy this game with this game being their first MGS game, so the disappointment might not be there if you're new to the series."
,Recommended,287700,35011881,Posted: 16 September,all,１４０．８５,"Venom Snake: Me? I know who I am. I'm a dude playing a dude disguised as another dude.Ocelot: What?Venom Snake: [to Miller] You a dude that don't know what dude he is!Miller: Or are you a dude who has no idea what dude he is and claims to know what dude he is..Code Talker: What the ♥♥♥♥ are you guys talking about?Miller: ...by playing other dudes.Venom Snake: I know what dude I am!Miller: You're scared.Venom Snake: I ain't scared. Scared of what?Miller: Or scared of who?Venom Snake: Scared of who!?Ocelot: Come on guys. We really need to go!Miller: Scared of you!-Metal Gear Solid V, 1984"
,Recommended,287700,18066059,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Hizzer,"Hideo Kojima and his team saved the best for last in this heartfelt goodbye, bringing the long running story of Big Boss to a close with a bang in gameplay, though a slightly staggering run in the story. Despite that, the Phantom Pain is a must play."
,Recommended,287700,17837778,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,REEF X mr,"READ!!! Make sure to DL the latest drivers for your GPU. Nvidia GPUs can make use of better AO than what is available in-game through the Nvidia control panel by selecting ""quality"" for AO. You can also use MSAA through the control panel, which really makes the game sharp. Those jaggies in the distance are annoying when looking through binoculars trying to spot stuff.Incredibly well optimized, and probably going down as my favorite game of all time at the rate it's going. The amount of freedom, customization, quality, gameplay mechanics, etc, etc is just top notch. Been playing for 4 hours almost and am at 2% completion lol.edit: Now at 14 hours almost, and at 6% completion lol. I haven't even unlocked much of the stuff. Still only have D-horse as a buddy and no vehicles. The game is just so fun, even attacking the same bases over and over on different side ops missions, the enemy routes and patrols change. Their locations change, the number of them changes, the way you went in last time might be heavily guarded this time. Motherbase itself is just fun, capturing soldiers and having them join your own private army. I've barely even played the story mode.Sneaking all the way through, deep inside enemy territory, only to have things go wrong, and have to run out with your objective blasting away, and hiding as enemy soldiers run past to see what happened, man it's just exhilirating!!! Anything and everything could happen at any minute. It's the best stealth action game I've probably ever played. Just look at some of my screen shots to see enemies walking literally a foot away from me, and going unnoticed.edit: I have a really hard time putting this game down. I was suppose to stop playing 5 hours ago. That has happened every time I play it."
,Recommended,287700,26022761,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Fleet Wing,"The story might not all be there, but gameplay wise this is one of the greatest Stealth games to graze the earth, even running on my old Potato of a PC. If only the Story was finished."
,Not Recommended,287700,18037714,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,SharpShot.gif,I really enjoyed the gameplay. However if you are looking for a rich story you're better off playing the older MGS games. I'll be honest I didn't even know I completed the main story. I felt empty after playing this game. I have 50+ hours on this game and most of that is from doing side ops.
,Not Recommended,287700,17998313,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Ice,"Unfinished, disappointing story, good gameplay.Not recommended for MGS fans.Edit:I'll elaborate a bit:(Spoilers ahoy)Remember the whole ""The missing link that will solve the biggest mystery in MGS history!""?Yeah that went well.The story has an unbelievable amount of plot holes, straight up unfinished character arcs, a reliance on one rather convenient plot device to explain pretty much anything out of the ordinary (*cough* worse than nanomachines *cough*) and generally ends up being unsatisfying considering the inherent lack of any real boss fights (except the 1 Metal Gear), a weak main villain, the most unfitting use of the main theme since I can remember in any video game in the past decade, an over-reliance on recycled missions that make up more than 70% of the content, coupled with almost MMO-like side-ops that act as filler to the main game. Venom Snake barely speaks at all, which actually acts to the detriment of the game, as he just ends up staring cluelessly and awkwardly in most cutscenes, much like I did after I finished the game. 2/3 of the game has been cut out, and that is not an exaggeration. The third chapter is not even in the game, and the second one just screams ""we couldn't finish this, sorry"" as it is filled with 80% recycled missions from the first chapter and  20% ""new"" missions that make you visit the same places. In fact, the trailers for the game have MORE cutscenes than the actual game. The trailers actually use pretty much every semi-important cutscene in the game that isn't ""Snake goes to Mother Base to take a shower"" and they even feature some cutscenes that were not featured in the actual game at all. The game also features these ""moral choices"" because apparently this is fashionable in 2015, but it falls flat considering you get a whopping 1 (one) ""moral"" choice and one illusionary choice that has the same outcome regardless of what you pick.The gameplay, while probably the closest the MGS series has come to ""true stealth"", isn't without its' faults. The ""open world"" is really just 2 medium-sized maps that are mostly barren, barring the occasional goat and guard outpost. You get to visit these guard outposts/bases about 10 times or more, which makes them almost insufferable in the late game, when most of the game just revolves around you re-visiting places you've already been to numerous times. There is no ""find a steam friend"" function to the online invasion system, so abandon all hopes of playing with a friend. Much like Ground Zeroes, where it had the very tedious trials to artificially inflate gametime, this game has side-ops, extra objectives and animal rescuing, among others. While not inherently flawed as an idea, the side-ops are just dumb, with amazing missions such as ""Mine Clearing 15"", ""Eliminate the Armored Vehicle Unit 20"", ""Rescue the Prisoner 14"", the extra objectives work wonders when paired with the bad lua scripts that make obtaining some of them straight up hell (I'm looking at you, ""listen to the full conversation between x and y"") and apparently I was wrong to think that I could collect animals by finding them in the actual game and catching them. No, that would make too much sense. You find SOME animals that way, sure, but it's only about 30-40%. To get the rest (which you could have found and captured in MGS3 , mind you) , you have to place a capture cage on the ground and hope the RNG gods give you a rare animal when you extract. Great. Mother Base is mostly empty, you only really go there to see the occasional cutscene and maybe practice for online invading. The AI is also dumb. Really dumb. The ""I just accidentally ran over a fellow guard with my truck, I should alert HQ that we have an intruder"" kind of dumb.There are many other points and flaws I could analyze endlessly, but the general conclusion is the same.I'm not sure whether it's because Kojima and Konami had a falling out or if Kojima just lost his writing ability ever since MGS4, but this is the weakest Metal Gear game in terms of story.""But, you don't have to enjoy the story! You can just play the game!"" I hear people cry.Sure, why would anyone enjoy the story in a game series that is famous for the length of its' cutscenes and its' story?Be that as it may, the satisfaction of playing as Big Boss, the legendary mercenary, really goes down when you you find out that you're actually just ""some guy"" who is in pretty much every sense of the word ""Big Boss"" except that the story dictates that he's not just to shove a weak plot twist down your throat and to make some dumb point about the title of ""Big Boss""."
76561197964917902,Not Recommended,287700,18357268,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,...,Forced multiplayer that interferes with singleplayer - with the option to constantly pay real insurance money to not loose stuff in a Singleplayer Game.
,Recommended,287700,18125125,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,beaw,Miller is only angry because no one likes his burgers
,Not Recommended,287700,21705835,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mr.Frodo_Faggins,"Single PlayerMetal Gear Solid V one of my most hyped games ever, yet it came out with a lack of content and alot of filler missions which you had to do over and over again. Gunplay feels very sloppy and is very different from GZ. The AI is very dumb and blind. Most of the story is missing and cut from the game. Alot of the important story parts are put in tapes which shouldn't be, it should be put in a proper scene. The open world is very dull, I expected to see civillians, rebels (the mujahdeens) and small things like tents but all we get is an empty desert full of Russians. The sound track of V is pretty good, it has some pretty good songs like ""The man who sold the world"" and ""Nuclear"". Now let's talk about the FOB or the new Mother Base which you get to walk around, it's pretty empty just a few soldiers walking around and you need FOB coins to make new FOBs and you need in real life money for that. You can also raid FOBs and steal their resources which is fun for the first time.MultiplayerIf you are gonna buy this game for the multiplayer, just don't. The new MGO is horrible, it has a poor net code and micro transactions for cosmetics. The multiplayer maps are pretty good. The walker gears are unbalanced anyone who can't play the game can use one and dominate a server. The heroes which are Snake and Ocelot which you can play as are pretty fun I only played as snake and his gadgets are really fun to use.TL:DR: The single player is incomplete and only fun for the first few hours. The multiplayer is not that great since it has a poor net code."
,Recommended,287700,17825081,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Salty Foxy Bees,"Hour and a half into the game, and that was just the intro.I've had this dream for years of playing a perfect open world stealth game. I tried so hard to create that in Fallout 3 and New Vegas, but it just wasn't there. This game does it. The AI, the controls, the feeling of being Big Boss, it's all there. It's a goddamn masterpiece. Hideo Kojima has done it again. Don't think twice, buy the game. If you're new to MGS do not worry, you can still play this and have a ton of fun."
,Recommended,287700,21229454,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,A-Mei-Zing,"""Boss get down! A good review. Stay low and thumbs it up, that'll get this review to the top!"""
,Recommended,287700,17902258,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ragkousakis,Punched my soldiers in the face and they thanked me. 10/10
,Recommended,287700,17897738,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Gian Lorenzo Bernini,"My negative review of the shameless Konami cash grab that is Ground Zeroes was easily my worst received review ever. But I can happily say that The Phantom Pain is a huge improvement over it, so maybe this one will be more popular.For those that tire of my typically long-winded reviews, I'll get this out of the way up front in just a couple of sentences: I would definitely recommend anybody that's a fan of open world or stealth games purchase this. It's a phenomenally fun, addictive experience. BUT! It does have some pretty severe flaws, some returning from Ground Zeroes, and some that have always been present in Kojima's work.Now, onto the fun part! Ramble time!The graphics are really solid, once again. I'm coming off spending about 150 hours in Witcher 3, and though this game doesn't quite compete with that one on a graphical level (nothing does, honestly), it still looks really freaking good. The Fox engine's lighting and particle effects are stunning. And it runs amazingly on PC. I'm holding 60fps solid at 1440p. No complaints here.The best part about this game, though, is how addictive the open world progression is. That's something that always seems to draw me in. As a minimap completionist games like this, the Assassin's Creed series, and Witcher 3 are absolutely my bread and butter. I hated how limited Ground Zeroes was. The entire game felt like continuous retreading of common ground. It bored me. This game is a step completely in the opposite direction. The base building, the weapon and equipment progression, the buddy system... It all tickles my fancy. These's so much to do here, and it's hard to put down. It's an experience that will melt away the hours of your day.I do have some notable criticisms of the game. Some will fall on deaf ears, as Kojima fans love his trademark weirdness, but some are just run-of-the-mill dated Japanese game design issues that I'm seeing more and more frequently these days as the Japanese development scene falls further behind the modern Western scene.I dove heavily on the dated control scheme in my Ground Zeroes review, so I won't say it all again here. Instead I'll summarize and just say the control scheme is dated and unintuitive. That's an especially bad thing for a stealth game, because you need to be able to react without thinking if you turn a corner and run into a guard. Too many times early in the game I'd have to actually think about what button did what, and a few times I even had to look up the controls to find out what I needed to know: Example: ""How the hell do you sprint on horseback? Oh, the X button? WTF? That makes no sense, why the X button when it's L3 to sprint on foot?"" You expect the controls to make sense, and if you play as many hours of video games as I do, you can pretty much pick up anything and play it within a few minutes. That's not the case with this and Ground Zeroes, and while it's not a MAJOR issue since the problem is solved by a few hours of getting used to the controls, it's still a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ and something that the Metal Gear team should have figured out between 2008's Guns of the Patriots and now.Another negative is the cover system, which never seems to function as smoothly as I'd like. There's no button press involved so the game judges when you want to be stuck to cover and when you don't, which never seems to work properly in any video game that tries to implement it. Too often I'd get stuck to a wall when needing to move quickly, and too often it would take too long for it to stick me to cover so I could pop off a quick cover shot or target acquisition with the binoculars. This is just another example of dated game design. Cover systems are figured out. There's no reason for Kojima's team to get it wrong here.By now most people know Hideo Kojima's style. He's an incredibly quirky guy as a writer and a designer. I typically love his design quirks. They add flavor to the game and keep things interesting. It's why he's great for the industry and why his dismissal from Konami is so disappointing. Even if this game does show some age in the aspects I've mentioned, he still belongs in the pantheon just due to his constant ability to surprise the gamer by implementing completely new, weird things (try playing a certain tape while hiding in a bathroom). He's a boundary-pushing designer. But Kojima as a writer? I know people will hate me for saying this, but I absolutely cannot stand him. Since MGS2 the series has devolved from being a James Bond-esque spy thriller with some weird anime quirks to a nonsensical, incoherent mess. The terribly convoluted story makes little sense. The action sequences are downright cheesy. The characters seem written by a teenager. Full disclosure, though: Campy, kitschy-type stuff has always been completely lost on me. I've never gotten it, never come close to liking it. Perhaps I'm too serious (or boring). It's always made me cringe and instantly turned me off. If you like that sort of thing, then I'm willing to bet Kojima's writing won't be a negative for you.Another thing I'd like the mention is the foolish way the game handles the secondary objectives to story missions. They're unknown to begin with, and if you do accidentally trip over one -- such as discovering an item deposit, saving some prisoners, etc -- then they'll become revealed on your objective list and checked off. This isn't bad by itself: It promotes exploration and drives the player to explore the area more thoroughly, which is a necessity in the stealth genre when you often just want to complete your objective and get out quickly in order to maintain your stealth rating and not take a chance of being spotted. The problem I have is that after the you finish the mission, THEN the secondary objectives are revealed. It doesn't make sense for the game to do so. Why now? What changed? Now I'm just magically directed to these other things that I missed? Either keep them unknown until I discover them, or tell me right up front what I need to do. It's a cheap ploy to get you to replay missions multiple times. It feels like the developer is just trying to pad the game's length. It would be a lot more fun to allow me to replay the missions without EVER telling me what the secondary objectives were and simply letting me find them myself.Finally, I have to mention how awkward Snake/Big Boss is in this game. He just doesn't feel like himself, and it's not because he has a new voice actor, it's because his you hardly ever hear his voice! Seriously, could they just not afford to pay Kiefer Sutherland? He puts forth a great performance when you actually hear him, but he hardly has any dialogue at all! Snake is conspicuously silent during most of the cutscenes, and it's really awkward and offputting. It's completely immersion breaking. It's so noticeable that after a few hours of play I got the distinct feeling that I wasn't even playing the same character I've spent hundreds of hours with in Snake Eater, Portable Ops, and Peace Walker. There must be a bigger story here, because it's obvious that there were some issues with his dialogue when Ocelot and Miller are holding entire conversations with Snake and Snake isn't saying a damn word. Really, really strange. For now my head canon is that Hideo Kojima and Kiefer Sutherland had a falling out when Sutherland discovered Kojima's favorite James Bond was Roger Moore.All in all these are pretty minor gripes in the face of a massive, excellent game. I really can't do anything but recommend that anyone with a modicum of interest in the stealth or open world genres take a shot at this game. It's a ton of fun, and even considering its flaws it ends up being a unique gaming experience, which is what Hideo Kojima is rightfully known for.Here's hoping he finds success in whatever he chooses to do after this. If he keeps making games, I'll gladly keep buying them."
,Recommended,287700,22004865,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,stobarticus,Yes.
,Recommended,287700,30323379,Posted: 4 March,all,Skorps 💜,"I will start by saying that i never played any Metal Gear game,nor Solid,nor Vengeance.I never had any interest in the MGS series whatsoever or in any game made by Kojima.Now i do.I played MGS:V out of curiosity,it was on sale and the gameplay looked like something diverse than the usual things i play and i wanted to give it a try and see what was all about.Not having played the other games of course i had some problems with the general lore and story,but luckily i had a friend that explained everything to me in detail,and oh boy,this got me into the MGS series a lot.Words cannot describe how much i loved this game,sometimes i was itching to play it,but i would refrain because i was simply going too fast trough it and i was afraid the game would end,but as we know,every good thing has to come to an end,and when the end came for this game i can assure you i was 100% satisfied.It was worth every single minute i'v put into it.The game is incredibly detailed,every single little thing is worked into incredible detail,ranging from little secrets,easter eggs and references,to the complexity of the story,the gameplay,the combat system and even the music.The game also contains extremely well worked on and pretty long cutscenes,audio-tapes and additional quests,content,and side operations that will keep you occupied and entertained for hours even after finishing the game.This probably was one of the best games i'v ever played and i can give it a solid 10/10.I strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,287700,19860437,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,hzhang7,优化吊炸天 今年我玩过唯一一款4k 还能60帧的大作了给开发团队一个赞！下雨天的丛林作战雨滴太给力  20个小时 才玩到episode 14 Quiet 我的爱
,Recommended,287700,29737232,Posted: 6 February,all,Dirk Dickbutt,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain: Ghost Babel is pretty cool I guess.You play as Big Boss, also known as Snake. Big Boss was in a wild party that included South American children, gun fights, and a helicopter exploding which caused him to be in a coma for 9 years.After being awoken and dealt some harsh truth bombs over the course of a week, the doctor tells him that people are looking for him, so they're going to slice his face up and make him look like a created wrestler form one of the WWE games. But before this could happen, the hospital he's staying in is attacked and Snake is forced to flee with the help of a mysterious man who's face is wrapped in bandages!After narrowly escaping his pursuers, Snake is picked up by Revolver Ocelot: Patrick Lane: Revolver Ocelot, and told that they must go to Soviet occupied Afghanistan in search for Kazuhira Miller, a long time soldier buddy of Snake's and an excellent Travis Touchdown impersonator. And so begins the adventures of Snake as he rebuilds the organization he had lost and forces Russians and Africans to become his new best friends!Metal Gear Solid V is an open world game that focuses on Stealth and base management. You have a set of missions and side missions laid out for you throughout Northern Kabul and the Angola-Zaire border region. These missions range from things such as eliminating targets, rescuing hostages, capturing important people, stealing everything not nailed to the ground, stealing everything that IS nailed to the ground, pranking the Russians, etc.The main missions have a little bit more meat to them, from investigating clues to discovering who Cipher is, to uncovering plots that include things such as Child Soldiers and slavery. It has that Kojima flare, both the plot and the mystery behind everything is weaker than, lets say, Metal Gear Solid 3, 4, or “What is this growing on the bottom of my foot?”But what is strong is the game play. MGSV is one of the more recent stealth games with actual options when it comes to achieving your objective. Because of it's open world nature, you can infiltrate enemy territory in any sort of manner.Sneaking in normally like the big sneaky sneak you are is always an option, but you can do other things like hitch a ride on an enemy truck, pretend your delicious snacks in a box and get delivered to your location, climb walls, or dress up and pretend that you're acting President of the USSR at the time, Mikhail Gorbachev.I made that last one up.My one gripe is because of it's open world nature, there isn't all that much variety in the locations you visit. You'll never see anything as unique and memorable as Shadow Moses Island, the big shell, or Russia-guy Island, but at least the fortresses and areas you have to invade are open enough that you can infiltrate and operate in multiple ways.MGSV also has a base management system carried over from Peace Walker. Snake must build Mother Base from the ground up (or water up, in this case), so he and Kaz can fight for their dream of a military without boarders.How this is done is you use resources you captured while on mission as well as money you've gained from doing side missions. Over time and as your heroism grows, more and more people will volunteer and want to join the Diamond Dogs, but you'll be getting most of your people by literally kidnapping enemy combatants from the field of combat via Fulton extraction and having people back at baseconvince them that Snake is the coolest and this is the way to go.This leads to soldiers being put on certain teams, which itself can lead to the development of better weapons, equipment, and suits for Snake and his pals. All of the developments are finished on an ingame clock that only advances while you play the game, so setting up a really long development and then turning the game off to do something else usually isn't an option, unless it's a online deployment you send your soldiers off on.MGSV also has two multiplayer modes, one mode is where you try to invade other players mother bases and grab as much things as possible before hoofing it the hell out of there because the other player can show up and ruin your day. But the more prominent online mode stands in the form of Metal Gear Online. MGO is a feature that dates back to Metal Gear Solid 3: Subsistence, a rather fun game stacked with the usual competitive multiplayer stuff  like Deathmatch, team deathmatch, and MGS related game modes like intel capture and things like that. What made MGO so special is that it featured elements from Metal Gear itself like actual stealth and the ability to sneak up on your opponent and hold them hostage, things like that.I remember playing MGO way back when MGS3S first game out, and I was hooked. I also spent many hours on the MGS4 version of MGO. But something just kind of feels off about MGO3. I can't quite put my finger on it, but it just kind of feels a little bit more simple to MGO2. It's still a fun mode, if not a little easy to exploit. What is nice now is that you can actually fulton enemies you manage to knock out, instead of leaving them to smash on their analog stick while you surround them with magazines and claymore mines like I did back in MGO2.But should you play Iron Crank 5: The limb that fell asleep?I liked it, considering I clocked 91 hours into it, including MGO. The story is pretty weak compared to the older entries in the series, and it just kind of ends at around mission 45 or so. Also the titular Metal Gear in the series seems kind of... Off, I guess. I remember in MGS1 they said that Rex was state of the art and that was like, in universe 2005. You think someone would mention the god damn Gundam that just kind of terrorized Afghanistan for like, a year. Konami meddling probably led to some of the biggest problems that MGSV has, but overall it's not horrible of a game, but it's not going to dethrone the older games in the series anytime soon.You could just skip it all together, really, consider it non-canon if you really want to, it's not mandatory to the series. But if you like Metal Gear and you haven't played it already, I say give it a shot.I give Snakes Big Day Out 7.5 unironic use of the word “Meme” out of 10.The conversation with the AI near the end of MGS2 is eerily accurate.The curator:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Dickbuttexperience#curation"
,Not Recommended,287700,18174253,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Senko,"This is not the MGS experience I signed up for, the storyline is redicilously short, misplaced and unfinished. The gameplay might be a solid 10 but then you still gotta deal with that facebook game called 'Mother Base'. Game files / collectors edition content suggest a large portion of the game was cut to meet deadlines. Unfinished game is unfinished."
76561198016302048,Not Recommended,287700,17990896,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Rhyno,"Played the hell out of it, but I can't recommend an incomplete game. That's exactly what this is."
,Recommended,287700,17841193,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,(GoR)Andrew.zhd,"""V has come to""Only through the essence of existence we carry out our true portrait. It's not what we do that defines us, it's what we pursue in our minds.-UnknownPROLOGUEIt was a grim past over these twelve years. There was no chance for the PC community to be a part of the majestic legacy thatMGSfranchise have raised. Long years we've been waiting, and today, our hopes are fulfilled. Congratulate the arrival of the best videogame ever for our age -METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN!ACT I: THE DUSKMy story of love withMGSstarted on a harsh note. I was a schooler back then when most of my friends had PS1. I never been a console type of player - I had NES and a few games on it, but that's it. This way, I could've missed any opportunity to try out the marvelousMetal Gear Solid- the 1st game ofMetal Gearsaga in supreme 3D (back in time). However, one of my classmates (which I dropped all contacts after we finished last grade in school, sadly) had the game, and he was amazed by it. And still, when he tried to express to me his feelings about the death of Sniper Wolf, or the image of Vulcan Raven, I was kind of spooked by a kind of stupidity it had in itself (as I envisioned it there in my mind) - a big guy with a ""2-meters-long"" minigun, got busted in such a strange way? and a sniper fight, where your character had to eat pills to... ""stabilize"". ""What a pack of nonsense?!"" were my thoughts.Years later, I had the opportunity to try the game myself. It was that ""Win 95"" version with the imbecile MP5SD gun with unlimited bullets, and - yeah - I completed the game on ""Very Easy"" difficulty setting but it was still quite a ride. Soon after, I had my hands onMGS2: Sons of Liberty, which surprised me even more. This was somewhere around 2007-08, I rememberMGS4was somewhere out there and I remember I was wishing for it desperately.Later, I watched all cutscenes fromMGS4and my eyes almost popped out - how outstanding it was! I watched hours of gameplay and still had a small room in my heart with a hope that some day, it will arrive to our homes for personal computers. But soon enough, they started to release games for PSP, and soon after closedMGOsupport. From there, my hopes were dead....and then...ACT II: The RiseThe lightning struck asMetal Gear Risingmade it's way to PC and - none other - Steam. Right there, right for me. With Raiden being a ""2nd Lead"" persona in franchise for me, I was very happy that I could finally reachMetal Gearthrough the medium of my keyboard for once again.It didn't took long as first rumours about the next installment inMGSline started to pop out. The presentation of the FOX Engine was almost a guarantee that consollers will get another ""big game"" soon enough. Initial mess withMGS Vmade a lot of people confused, including myself. Being honest, when I heard that mr. Kojima was encouraged by the success ofGTA V, I was in panic.MGSgoes open-world?! I was terrified....What will happen with the classicMGSflow? 20 minutes-long cutscenes, clever level design, various tools that worked in a strict environment, character representation, dialogues? Wouldn't these arch-important components fall apart as the hunt for the size takes over the hunt for quality? and the most dangerous thing: wouldn't it hurt the AI?I was too much afraid the stealth gameplay will start to die rapidly with the game changing it's way from handcrafted locations to ""open-world"" areas. Probably this fear struck me because I never seen a good open-world stealth game before. All of the open-world games I could think of that were trying to implement this... Stealth was silly and dull in there. Of course, it played out most of the time. But it was definately not that quality level you will expect from anMGStitle.ACT III: The ZenithI was mad. When the first gameplay videos ofGround Zeroeswere published - with Snake driving a jeep and flashing headlights... A holographic sort of interface from 1970s? A rescue mission with aCOD-styled shootout? That scene with an immediate surgery? No, I thought it all went down the road. In my mind, nothing good could happen with game like this compared to the gloriousMGS4. And yet I was wrong.After all the debates I had, I finally decided to buy a copy ofMGS V:GZfor myself, to finally see what is right and what is wrong. And boy... I suffered. I suffered... a shame for what I thought of it earlier.Of course, it was very simplified. You could mark enemies just likeFar Cry 3(and vehicles come from there as well). You didn't had any type of advanced camouflage, or cover system, or whatever. CQC was quick and not that much complex. But still, it delievered such a great experience!...And nowFINALLYaboutTHE PHANTOM PAIN. Yes, I know: I talked too much about my vision, about my regrets, and about my redemption. And yes, I only playedTPPfor about 4 hours or so at the moment of putting this text together. But I can safely tell you this: it's is the best event that ever happened in the modern history of gaming. If you don't really know, if you should get this game, or you shouldn't - don't bother, don't waste time - you MUST have it. For the sake of the world we play in, add this game to your Library right away.The ammount of suspense, intrigue, curiousity and joy that this game gives in just three pale hours worth a thousand hours of your endlessCS:S(or, rather,CS:GO),DotA2,Clicker Heroesor whatever else games you play on Steam. Get this diamond now, or you will never know what a true masterpiece of gaming as a whole looks like.EPILOGUEWhatever happened or will happen to the PC gaming, before or after,THE PHANTOM PAINachieves the milestone never before seen to be achieved by a console port. It has a full potential to seize your time for days and months only in singleplayer, not to mention the insane possibilities to be found inMetal Gear Online. Tonight, I am grateful for the time I live in."
,Not Recommended,287700,20760294,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Rexenexus,"Metal Gear The Phantom Menace was the most disappointing thing since my son... Liquid Snake...MGSV is simply a disappointment for any true Metal Gear fan. Even if you're not a fan you may find it to be lackluster...Let's start with the pros:+ The FOX Engine is a technical marvel that runs at a constant 60fps and looks pretty good. It's physics and TECHNOLOGY are amazing. The range of specs this game can run on is truly commendable, stellar work KojiPro.+ Absolutely amazing controls, fantastic keyboard and mouse shooting with great stealth movement.+ The bases are well desgined for stealth, fun to infiltrate over the course of one playthrough.+ True freedom of infiltration, there's no one way you can complete a mission.+ Two sniper battles in particular are really good (but end too shortly if you come back with OP weapons).+ Great soundtrack from Harry-Gregson Williams.+ Relatively good voice work from all the cast.+ Little ounces of Metal Gear charm here and there.+ FOBs can offer a really great challenge.+ Metal Gear Online is ""fun"", with three classes, a variety of weapons, and three gamemodes. It's a fine addition to this singleplayer game (I'm unbaised since I haven't played any previous MGOs).Now... my long list of really big and somewhat nitpicky cons:- The open world is so empty and bland. Nothing ever really happens that's out of your control and the world feels so fake and sterile.- The bases, while well designed, get super repetative.- The missions in general can get repetative as well. They should have taken the Ground Zeroes approach and went open maps with a much more focused design.- The side missions literally turn into repetative copy and paste missions like ""Destroy Enemy Vehicle Unit 08"". Like I said, should have been like Ground Zeroes, more objective based side missions using the same maps as the main missions.- The story is the most disappointing thing about this game. It's filled with stupid writing, retcons, flat versions of great pre established characters, and seems like it has no focus at all. Whether that's Konami, Kojima, or both their faults, the story is straight up *bad*.- Chapter 2 in particular is horrible. 13 of the 18 missions are literally just Chapter 1 missions on hard mode, and some are required to progress the story. The ending was terrible (that's purely subjective from fan to fan).- Quiet was oversexualized to the point where it was just plain comical. It's impossible to take her character seriously with the likes of previous Metal Gear characters. I was not ashamed of my words and deeds, Kojima.- The AI is still dumb and completely oblivious at times (doesn't even compare to the likes of Metal Gear Solid 2).- Not enough good bosses, there's like 3 bosses in total if you don't count The Skulls.- The buddies almost make things easy mode. I'm looking at you DDog and Quiet...- While there's weapon variety, that's not really a good thing. Just like MGS4, there's too many weapons and you'll use like 10% them.- The mission ranking system is the stupidest thing I have ever seen.- C U T C O N T E N T- The game forces you to participate in FOBs and you can't opt out of it. You have the option to go offline but you have to do it every single time you launch the game, when you come back online, you're hit with everything everyone stole from you at once.- MGO has severe connection problems at times. I hope you enjoy getting CQCed from 10 feet away half the time.- Mother Base Coins microtransaction bullsh*t.6/10. If you're a Metal Gear fan, don't buy this game, you'll only end up disappointed and it'll just turn Metal Gear into even more of a clusterf*ck of a series than it already is. Just play MGS3 and remember how great Metal Gear used to be. If you're new to Metal Gear and don't like to think critically about video games, you'll be fulfilled on gameplay alone and hopefully you can enjoy MGO. If you're actually able to think about video game design, you'll probably be disappointed by all the things I listed above. Just find a PS2 and a copy of Metal Gear Solid 3: Subsistence and that's all you'll need for the rest of your life."
76561198065116107,Recommended,287700,19135907,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,MvPKosT,Intel i5 2.1 ghzNVIDIA GT 7404 GB RAMWindows 8.1got 35 fps on medium setting100% optimizationSTFU and take my money kojima!!!!
76561197990838764,Not Recommended,287700,21737689,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,R0ACH,Did not have enough time to cook a pizza while a cutscene played.Can't recommend this to long time fans.
,Not Recommended,287700,18110024,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Recovering Lyrium Addict,"This game had moments where it shined...and a LOT of moments where it fell completely flat.  I'll just make a list without trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out over how I really feel about this gamePros:-Story starts off Solid...-Open world is interesting at first-Graphics are great-Animations are superb, maybe the best out there right now-Guns feel good, really great aiming with M+KCons:-Story starts off Solid, but quickly turns into Liquid♥♥♥♥♥♥-Stealth is extremely simplistic and the game is very easy unless you gimp yourself (Even then it's still easy).  Durability on supressors does nothing at all except become an annoyance as the player could easily call in a supply drop for a new one/hold up enemies/use CQC.  AI is also♥♥♥♥♥♥and doesn't become better until Mission 30ish for some odd reason.-Open World adds NOTHING to this game, can't explore beyond certain areas during missions.  Could have just broken up the open world into levels and made the game a linear experience and you'd get the same result.-Buddies are OP as ♥♥♥♥.  As much as I love D-Dog, he marks every enemy for me which I don't like.  As for Quiet, as much as I don't mind fanservice, that's the only reason she's ♥♥♥♥ing in game.  She's one of the cringiest characters I have ever seen.-Kiefer Sutherland is woefully underused.  He has some amazing moments in this game and I think hardcore Hayter fans can even admire his work, but Kojima decided it would be a good idea to make an already established character a self-insert protagonist meaning he doesn't talk much, just listens.-Twist is ♥♥♥♥ing obvious, Kojima dropped the hint way too many times to the point where the player could figure it out before beating the PROLOGUE.I'm hoping I'll dump 10 more hours into this game, but even after using Cheat Engine to experience the various different weapons and gadgets, the game just isn't fun.  I bought into the hype and thought this game looked excellent from the trailers, but I'm just going to say this now.Whatever trailers you watched of MGSV, they do NOT REPRESENT THE FINAL GAME AT ALL.About MGO: Played maybe an hour of Bounty Hunter, felt cheap and a complete unnecessary addition to the game.  Imagine the resources that could have gone to making the Singleplayer actually good if the MP didn't exist."
,Not Recommended,287700,18009084,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Chepe Santacruz,"The phantom pain refers to the lingering pain felt due to the lack or loss of a limb; this is much like the pain felt due to lack of a cohesive plot. Kojima next leveled us once again.I enjoyed the game for the first 5 or so hours. The open world infitration was a cool idea and I really liked how I could approach the enemy base from multiple angles. However I soon realized that there really isn't very much variety in the missions. The enemy bases just felt generic and so similar to each other. Maybe this is a problem with the open world design. The world is basically a bunch of outposts and bases connected with roads and empy land in between. While the older games were linear, they had better level design and areas actually felt different and unique. Practically every mission follows the same format. Kaz will recieve a job from some random employer and assign you to go to this location and elimate/extract the target, the choice is yours. After you complete a mission Kaz will talk to you over the radio about what he learned about that mission; this is where the ""plot"" advances. It seemed like most of the early missions are just random jobs that just so happen to vaguely relate to cipher/skull face. The early missions advance the plot extremely slowly and the later missions just throw all of it at you.Chapter 1 ends and you're greeted with an unfinshed second half. The majority of the chapter 2 missions are just repeats of chapter 1 missions but with harder difficulty modifiers. Other than that, they are litterally the same missions with the same dialogue and events. Thankfully these repeat missions are not required to see the rest of the plot related cutscenes and audio tapes. You just need to do the few new missions and side ops to get them. So the seconds half is basically grinding side ops for cutscenes.There is still fun to be had in this game. When i was grinding the side ops I gave up on stealth and played with some of the heavier weapons. But as a fan of the series this game was just a let down. I kept on playing hoping that it would get better but it never did. It seems unfinished and there are rumors that a whole chapter was cut out of the game."
76561198213423800,Recommended,287700,25511911,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,130.Panzer-Lehr-Division,What took you so long?Kept you waiting uh?R.I.P METAL GEAR 1987-2015
,Not Recommended,287700,18052548,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Calamitation,"There are MAJOR PLOT SPOILERS in this ""Review"". This ""Review"" is me voicing my opinions on Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain and I must talk about certain plot events and twists to elaborate on my point of view. I do not consider this to be a definitive absolution on the game, some people really enjoy this game, and I find it unfortunate that I can't enjoy this game as much as they do. My opinions on this game really hurt me as the Metal Gear series is my favourite and this game was a major disappointment to me. Metal Gear Solid is a series I've gown up playing, I've loved every single one of the Metal Gear games and I was really hype for Phantom Pain. However upon playing The Phantom Pain I was only getting more and more disappointed, don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the majority of the game for quite a while, however looking back I have noticed some things that I did not like.Firstly, the ""Open World"" is something that I find more dead and barren than the Open World in Fallout games. There is so little to actually do in the world. Your entire purpose of roaming the open world is to move between outposts, grab resources and occasionally cassette tapes. I also find it extremely odd that every single outpost, base and village only has hostile combatants. It makes no sense to me that there are no civilian zones or rebel camps or friendly combatants. There's even a mission where you have to assist local rebels by destroying a battalion of tanks, however you can never see these rebels, not even in that mission. Also ""Capturing"" outposts yields a very small reward, you gain some heroism and even a title if it's the first time you've ""Captured"" an outpost, but that's about it, you can't do anything more with it. I find this extremely odd considering Diamond Dogs has a base in the middle of the ocean, at least 700 troops strong but we can't call a squad in to guard an outpost we've captured.It seems that the staff's only uses are having numbers that all get added together that give you numbers to make equipment or to battle numbers using a timed facebook-like event, and when they're not doing that they're just saluting you and getting beaten by you for being completely useless. There were Rebels and enemy combatants fighting constantly in Metal Gear Solid 4, I assumed that this feature would be brought back into The Phantom Pain, since it made a lot more sense, however this wasn't implemented, which I find very strange considering the previous Metal Gear title DID have this feature.My next problem is the copy-paste style mission types. I feel as though there isn't enough variety in the gameplay. Sure you can adjust your playstyle - you even have to as the enemy is adaptive and counters your playstyle - however the missions are always the same. Every armoured vehicle battle, every capture highly skilled soldier mission, every armoured unit mission, they're just copied and pasted throughout the world and that's it. Chapter 2 is absolutely awful for this, for every Main Op mission you complete it gives you 2 missions from Chapter 1 with a new rule that makes the game slightly harder.My next problem is the adaptive AI. I have always played Metal Gear games challenging myself, that means no kills, perfect stealth is what I aim for ALL the time. I feel that the adaptive AI limits what you can do if you want to achieve this end. If you use your tranquilizer gun and aim for headshots, the guards begin to wear helmets, eventually they wear body armour, rendering your tranquilizer gun completely useless unless you hit them in an unarmoured location, wait out the effects or shoot them multiple times, or if you're close enough to hit them in the face under their helmet. So my first few missions were done using a mix of CQC and the Tranquilizer pistol, then the rest of the game was played with just CQC and hold ups because my tranquilizer pistol was useless. Combat deployments can be used to minimise the amount of gear soldiers are issued, however I found it to be extremely time inefficient.Lastly in terms of problems is the story. I enjoyed the majority of the first Chapter, I feel it was well paced and it really did feel like we were chasing after Skull Face from the shadows until it was time to strike. The presentation of the story and the way it ends is what falls apart. Metal Gear games were always known to have eternally long cutscenes, and when I heard that this was being changed I was kind of glad, especially after Metal Gear Solid 4. However now it feels as though the story is very minimal in terms of presentation. The first mission - the Hospital - was amazing. It was completely on rails but it gave me that feeling of an epic game which would be in store, however I found this the highest point of the entire game despite it being completely on rails. After this mission the game becomes extremely silent and barely tells us much about the story. The story is presented through mission objectives, post-mission dialogue and cassette tapes, which kind of sucks. The Cassette tapes are very similar to the codec, which I quite enjoy, but I never felt very in touch with the story at all, or my character since he never spoke. Switching voice actors from David Hayter to Kiefer Sutherland never made sense to me, even though I like them both, however Kiefer Sutherland seems like he had the shortest role due to the absolute minimal amount of dialogue. It didn't feel like I was playing Big Boss the entire game, which - SPOILER ALERT - isn't Big Boss.I have so much more to say about this game, some more about the bad, some about my mixed opinions and quite a bit of good to say, however Steam won't let me type much more. What I have posted here is what I feel most strongly about, unfortunately I have very strong negative feelings for this game. Hopefully Metal Gear Online will redeem this final installment of Kojima's saga."
,Recommended,287700,28798668,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MuteGuardian7,"After escaping from a ""hospital"" with the assistance of Kiefer Sutherland, local smoker Solid Snake rescues a one-legged one-armed Travis Touchdown and has a lust for revenge against the nefarious Hamburgler & his not-FOX unit. Balloons get tied to goats, cardboard boxes with waifus on them are used as sneaking devices, and a Jehuty wannabe with a flamethrower dong stomps around. Also, Ocelot is an encyclopedia voiced by Lego Batman with a southern accent. That's the gist of the simple and easy to understand plot.The main focus of The Phantom Menace is sneaking past nearsighted nincompoops using various techniques such as crawling around with excessive caution, hiding in a cube-shaped container made of bullet-resistant cardboard, using stealth camo like an asshat, and running around abusing matrix mode using a sniper rifle to blast the head of any bad dude that would dare defy the legendary Vic Boss. In short, there's hundreds of different ways to accomplish the exact same task, any batshit insane plan you can come up with is probably possible.Like the previous MGS, Peace Walker, you can capture any soldier via comical use ofa system actually used by the real life CIA and US Air Force/Navy. After capturing some human Pokemons, they appear at your base, and become more like Nintendogs with guns. They not only become happy if you beat the snot out of them, they also work in various units that are used to develop MOAR GUNS. And unless you've been killing everything like an emotionless psychopath, you won't fall behind on weapons/items development.In case you haven't heard, MGSV is the first MGS with a truly open world, offering near-endless possibilities for infiltration. You can take this route to here, use this method to get there, go to high ground to do recon, enter the outpost from one direction, and get out from another direction. You can also explore the world if you want, but unlike most traditional open world games, there isn't a boatload of meaningless things to accomplish and go to. It's the kind of open world that serves the gameplay rather than exploration, and that somehow makes it boring because some random guy on the internet said so.You can abuse the exact same tactic over and over, but eventually the enemy will start to use a thing smart people call ""common sense"" to deploy their own gear to counter your tactics, kinda like suddenly changing from scissors to drill during a game of rock-paper-scissors. For some examples, if you keep headshotting scrublords like a pro MLG gamer, they'll start wearing helmets. Roleplay as Scorpion from Contra by shooting everything that moves, enemies will start wearing body armor and use shields. Blow up dudes with a tank, guards will begin to use rockets and call in their own combat vehicles. Let guards see you fulton other guards, then they'll start to shoot down fulton balloons. It's possible to keep using uncreative tactics like tranq-fultoning forever, but doing so will inevitably cause such a task to become much more difficult, so it's better to use a variety of different tactics.There's over 30 missions to partake in, each with a unique set piece or gimmick to differentiate it from other missions. After each excellent operation is completed, you won't get an hour long cutscene or hilariously lengthy codec conversation. Instead, you either get a small nugget of information related to the plot, or absolutely no progression of the main storyline. In other words, MGSV's plot progresses like a TV series rather than a movie, which automatically makes it the worst thing ever because something something reasons.In all seriousness, Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is a fantastic farewell to one of the best stealth action game series ever made. The overall freedom you're given is insane, and what few story moments there are in this 50+ hour mammoth are some of the best of the entire franchise. I won't pretend there aren't issues like the repetitive side-ops, pointless animal collecting and rushed finale, but the overall product is a must-have for any sentient being that is capable of activating inputs on a controller or keyboard."
,Recommended,287700,17824239,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,[MLG] Baka-baka,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Not Recommended,287700,18053767,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Nadata,"Buy if you want an average sandbox game. Don't buy for the mediocre story, boss battles or repetitive missions.MGO: I want to like it, but it has so many problems.-until recently had no push-to-talk-peer-to-peer connections meaning lag depending on the host, and being sent back to lobby if the host leaves. CQC also will lag where you will grapple back and forth.-no text chatetc."
,Recommended,287700,28999780,Posted: 3 January,all,Capitán Alatriste,I'm nuclear after this game.
,Recommended,287700,23043186,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,BlueKiwi,"It just blew me away. I got into it and I couldn't stop. 50 hours in with only 30 percent complete. Gameplay, mechanics, story, and performance are amazing!EDIT:Game lost me after the first chapter. It's obvious when Kojima stoped developing this. Money grabing Konami ruins everygame they own.The first part is still enough to fufill its value but anywhere past that is very dull."
76561197961211335,Not Recommended,287700,18778337,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Fr3nzy,"Now let me be clear I love the MGS franchise and this my honest opinion.When you take a step back and look at the game it isnt anything special at all far from it, it really just goes to show what a name can do for reviews and peoples opinions.If this were say Assassins Creed or any other Open world game it would be absolutley slated by everyone, barren world nothing in it whatsoever aside from filler outposts.Missions - seriously every mission is the same (aside from a few exceptions) Goto point A, find target, Kill or capture.Side-Ops - there is what 4-5 different side ops? copy and pasted 157 times, WTFStory - Non existent really aside from an occasional cutscene or a mission that actually adds to the narrative other than that its a mess to be blunt not what i would expect from an MGS game. The whole lead up to MGSV was this ""see how Big Boss becomes the bad guy"" well in the end you don't play as Big Boss his story in this game is ""wake up from coma, get on bike, rides off to make Outer Heaven"".Oh yes and then add to the fact tons of cut content =♥♥♥♥ this game♥♥♥♥ Konami"
76561197965776052,Recommended,287700,25071233,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,|GC| Stumbler,"The vast environments of the game are filled with content not just enemies, but also items and various interactive elements. The game features a freely assembled episodic format, comparable to a tv series. The story won’t be told in a linear way but will be gradually pieced together as the player progresses. I’ve played enough of Metal Gear Solid V to know that it is a deeply strange, exasperating, and mercurial game that anyone with a slight interest should absolutely check out for its frequent moments of unpredictable brilliance. Wish we got that act three but regardless 10/10."
76561198031324041,Recommended,287700,25046961,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Mumm-Ra,"Writing my thoughts down now I actually feel embarrassed. I believed a very vocal minority and so waited over a year before purchasing this game.Since I did take the plunge I have been unable to stop playing it !For the Metal Gear series you would expect this to be because of the storyline, however that is the weakest area of this entry.The gameplay is nothing short of excellent, by far the best stealth game I have played on PC. Going in I was thinking about games like dishonored and how it would measure up.I shouldn't have bothered. For an Open world game with such a vast amount of content ( 150+ hours for one playthrough) I never felt boredom setting it or the feeling of needless repetition.The soundtrack as expected is beautiful and haunting is some parts, it ties in keenly to the actual game and its plotlines.There are negative aspects however. The reported ""unfinished chapter 3"", the anger over the storyline.For me this wasn't really that important but I did feel that Chapter 2 was rushed and in comparison to chapter 1 a bit hollow. Many of the missions are made up of ""extreme versions"" of previous outings.So there is that but balancing that out you have a superb stealth game with slick gameplay, marvelous soundtrack and even a solid multiplayer. Invading other player's bases can be fun but currently it seems a bit broken. The defending player has the cards stacked heavily in their favour. Still fun though.+ Great Graphics & Soundtrack+ Meaty, engrosssing gameplay+ Base Building- Storyline falls short of previous games in series quality wise.- Game seems to be wrapped up a bit too quick to push an earlier releaseConclusion - A MUST buy, a superb game that with a bit more care from the publisher could have been a masterpiece."
,Recommended,287700,30716272,Posted: 24 March,all,Trusybee125,Chapter 3 PLZ
,Recommended,287700,31918977,Posted: 23 May,all,nick,"Near flawless game. Has the absolute best gameplay of the entire series. You will be hooked and keep coming back time and time again trying to complete every objective and shoot for that S rank. There are two types of multiplayer. One involves sneaking into a random person's base, stealing everything in sight while avoid being caught. Or, in some cases, just blasting your way through to the core. There are many different styles to approach this, just like the standard missions. The other multiplayer mode is a Deathmatch/Team Deathmatch/Capture the Flag style game which has no repurcussions on your main game. If you suck, you won't have to worry about losing supplies from your main game, just a good old fashioned 3rd person online shooter. It's still very much alive and you can find a match in just a few minutes. The community is also VERY pleasant to play with."
,Recommended,287700,20474521,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Andem,"no spoilers.I really love this game, and I think it's probably one of my favorite games of the 2015 year. That being said, it is also pretty flawed, mostly because it just doesn't feel complete. Most likely because it wasn't completed.A lot of people say there's virtually no story in this game, and I just don't think that's true. Chapter 1 feels like an entire Metal Gear Solid story that's much easier to understand. There is a lot of missions in between that don't exactly make the story flow, but I would really hope you'd like the Metal Gear gameplay in general because this game offers you a lot of it. I actually even told myself and my girlfriend that we should just consider Chapter 1 the end of the game and not expect anything else, cuz we would have been fine and happy with that.But then, as you keep playing Chapter 2, you get sucked into the story. It seems like more things are going to happen and that things are going to get solved or change a little. Even though I knew it probably wouldn't go anywhere, I still fell into it, and its just a shame. The story builds you up to all sorts of things, but then just is over out of nowhere. Like it was just really very incomplete and very unfullfilling. I almost wonder why they didn't just cut the entire chapter 2 out, but I suppose that would be a decent amount of content wasted. This is a pretty big flaw and I really don't blame anyone for disliking the game because of this, but I find myself able to look past it since I enjoyed the gameplay and Chapter 1 so much.To add on to the gameplay, the open world is actually really cool. I do realize that everything between guardposts and things like that is kind of dead ground, but it makes the world feel a lot bigger and part of something. My only complaint is it's just not fun to travel around. Most open world games give you a fun way to travel from place to place. Take Saints Row or GTA, you can drive around quickly and run people over or just narrowly avoid traffic while trying to get from mission to mission as quick as you can. In this game, you can't really do that. If you try to drive through an outpost, you'll almost certainly be spotted and lose a tiny bit of heroism for it, which isn't much of a problem. But then, they tell EVERY outpost and guard to be on the lookout for an intruder, so every base is now on alert.Traveling around just feels like a chore and you aren't rewarded well for doing it. All those complaints aside, I still really appreciate the open world aspect of the game and love that I have a big open Metal Gear world to do whatever weird Metal Gear things I want to do.I really recommend this game to fans of the series, or at least people who love the gameplay of it. The second chapter story is clearly not finished and I don't think it will be, but chapter 1 is great. There's only maybe 3 bosses in the game too, which is a bit of a flaw depending on how you feel about Metal Gear bosses. I'd say it's worth full price, but it'll for sure be going on sale to 40 bucks and below more often and on different sites, so maybe look out for that.Very  very fun game, but also very flawed. Tons of content, but at the same time, it's unfinished."
,Not Recommended,287700,18792938,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Baragwin,"Who is writing this? Such a lust for good plot! WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO?And now the review:The story in this game sucks. And not just because it is unfinished (though that doesn't help), but because it sucks in general. Both reveals are laughable and pointless.Characters are lifeless and boring. All of them. Ocelot is the most boring of them all. Yes, they made Ocelot boring. And Troy Baker is a hack.The game suffers from being open-world. Especially mission design. Having smaller, but better designed maps, like Camp Omega would have been better. That is why mission 30 was awesome and the rest sucks.Because of the pathetic story and bad design the game has very few memorable moments - those are, in my opinion, the Paz plotline (as in ""remember how fun Peace Walker was in comparison to this game?""), the Quiet plotline (Quiet is boring, but at least there is something going between her and Snake instead of nothing like with other characters) and the Quarantine area mission in the second chapter (I won't scatter your sorrow to the heartless sea).Gameplay is great, but suffers because of the open-world design. A lot of difficulty is lost, when you can resupply on the go and use a variety of tools. So you have to limit yourself to have a challenge.The game is unfinished. When you have to watch an ending to a big plotline on Youtube - that's really bad.Stealing everything that isn't nailed down with Fulton is extremely fun and probably the only reason I tolerated the game for such a long time.80s music tapes are great. The other music is not very memorable.So there you have it.The game is a big dissapointment, and I really think it should not have been made the way it is now."
,Recommended,287700,17833894,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Augmentations,"In MGSV: The Phantom Menace, a M. Night Smahamahamhalalayan game, you play as Jack Bauer, voiced by the talented Kiefer Sutherland, an aging David Bowie groupie destined to get revenge for the destruction of his offshore tax havenPros- Words that actually kill- Real time horse shiitting mechanics- Next gen cardboard box physics- BoobsCons- Homoerotic subtext isn't on par with the rest of the series- You don't play as Ocelot"
76561198042900808,Not Recommended,287700,18050727,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,n898,"Imagine if Bioshock ended after your first encounter with a Big Daddy.  If Mass Effect ended after you recruited Garrus and Wrex.  If MGS1 ended after the Vulcan Raven bossfight.  If Super Mario Bros ended after World 2-4.  If Final Fantasy 7 ended after your first encounter with Sepioth.  If GTAV ended after the first bank heist.  Or take any movie, and cut out the last hour and a half.This is Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain.  A game originally planned to have 5 complete chapters instead has only 1, with the second and final chapter consisting of side ops and repeated missions.  The plot goes nowhere, and effectively ends after Mission 46.  FOUR-FIFTHS of the game promised by IGN, Kotaku, Polygon, and RPS to be ""the greatest MGS of all"" does not exist.  The story has nothing to offer MGS fans or newbies to the series and has no ending or resolution to speak of.  The twist is also pointless and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, even by Metal Gear standards, and not worth playing through the game for.Do not buy this."
,Recommended,287700,17894316,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Waka-Waka,"A Hideo Kojima Game!, 10/10, GOTY"
76561198109858979,Recommended,287700,30456195,Posted: 11 March,all,Kalimonde,"Metal Gear is about Pain and Phantoms of the past. Perfect game, the Rogue One of the Series 10/10Pros:- Graphically perfect, plenty of areas to explore and infiltrate- Addictive combat tactics- The story, so dark, so sad- The characters, specially when you look beyond their appearance and acts. Venom, Eli, Quiet, Miller, Paz, Ocelot, Tretij, Huey, Skull Face, Man on Fire, Code Talker...- Build your own legacy- A MGS that honors the word Gear: Pequod lul. D-Dog. D-Horse. C-4. Launcher. Cardbox.- Amazing 80s Soudtrack.Cons:- Mission 51 :("
,Not Recommended,287700,17980978,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,tegafaru,Kojima forgot how to write.
,Not Recommended,287700,17965887,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,sрy,"gameplay: 10/10 - stealth is very, very well-made, reminds me a lot of Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, which is my all-time favorite gamegraphics: 8/10 - animations are great, graphics in general are great, except for distant land, which sometimes looks like crapperformance: 10/10sounds: no idea/10mission variety: 2/10 - side ops are the exact same thing (EXTRACT PRISONER, EXTRACT PERSON, EXTRACT ANOTHER PRISONER, ALSO KILL OR EXTRACT THESE 2 GUYS, AFTER THAT EXTRACT ANOTHER GUY), re-use the same locations multiple times for the exact same missionif this game had more variety, I would recommend it, but doing the exact same god damn thing over and over again for a 60$ pricetag? noeven the majority of main story line missions are like side-ops, what the hell"
76561198072705922,Recommended,287700,17878932,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Roastybeast,"Its Metal gear and the opitmaztion is perfect, more game devs need to learn from this. 10/10!"
,Not Recommended,287700,18384048,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,yoba mane,CHAPTER WAITING HUH
,Not Recommended,287700,18512939,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Cheesy Wotsit,"What can I say although this is the longest I have spent with any of the MGS games it is the one I would recommend the least. This being that I have no drive to complete this game. I am 80odd hours in and have grown bored of the gameplay. Bored with the repetition, When I say repetition let me clairify how bad it is, the game consists of two Chapters. The first chapter consists of 25 or so missions loosely tied together with a weak, easily the weakest MGS storyline to date, The second chapter consists of around  25 or so missions, around 7 of which are continuations of the rather weak story while the rest are just repeats of Chapter ones missions only with new game plus style, make it a bit more difficult for the player parameters.You can tie in some other boring features, the game tries to be gritty, child soldiers, now that's a touchy subject, oh but you can't kill any of them or it's instant mission failure, a few tortures scenes that make little sense in their context, a story that is just boring at best, I actually muted a long winded speech being done by one of the main characters so I could watch the Matrix Reloaded, that's how bad it can get.What else, well the FOB online aspect is clearly an integral part to developing late game items but the actual missions are tedious, repetious and either sit in the walk through without ever seeing an enemy or encounter fully speak super aware enemies at every corner and it very obvious that the pay to progress mecahnic is tied in to this aspect of the game, either that or be ready to grind, the same 40 or so sub, non story missions. Yes it does sound like you get a lot of missions but really they get repetitive quickly and if you stuck purely to story missions you could blast through this game in 10 hours easy.So what else, The AI is weird, some times it is abusively stupid, other times you can fire a silenced sniper rifle from a unseen vangte point and the enemy will ping your location in an instant. Watching guard patrols, like in the old MGS is pointless since all missions turn in to tranq enemy and fulton him away so he won't be a pain later. The weapon choice is large and varied on the surface but most weapons just end up being unused since the tactics for infiltration all end up using the same two or three weapons.This game has the most content, the longest potential play time and the most weapons of any MGS along with the online aspects but it is easily the weakest game of the series, The story is poor, the equipment is varied in apperance  but usually pretty pointless when used and the enemy AI is either comically stupid or frustratingly difficult the game doesn;t even have any really decent boss fights either and worst of all it is clear that the game is unfinished, that aspects of it (the entire second chpater) where padded out and rushed to get the game out before Konami decided to pull up it's gaming roots and give up on gaming.A tragic end to what was once a great franchise, ending on an unfinished unloved whimper rather than going out in an all singing all exploding song and dance.... but at least you can pay Konami for the privelage of having them insure your fake FOB resource!!!"
,Recommended,287700,17909255,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,atlasN7 #idling,"Explore the barren lands of Afghanistan and Central Africa in search of hot mix tapes from the 80s and ballooning all sorts of objects into the air with your buddies like Skyrim Horse, Doge, Robot that smashes into every ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and this hot chick with bewbs that don't talk, as you battle skull face and some other army guys who shoot you on sight. While at the same time, build your Mother Base and recruit people by ballooning them back to base and have them thank you by beating them to a pulp.10/10 best game and best plot twist in a game yet"
76561197987415186,Not Recommended,287700,18002668,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,//Vashic,"every cutscene makes me want to pull my hair out, when i was able to sit through all of mgs4. the entirety of the game is held together like a mobile game with hd graphics."
,Recommended,287700,17834833,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Grafto,"First Impressions until I can do a full review;This game is amazing. See those hours I have? As of this review, that's all in one session. I have been playing this all day since it downloaded (with breaks for food and stuff of course).I'm playing this alongside a friend of mine and just by comparing how different our experiences were with the same missions, I can tell how complex and deep this game's gameplay truly is.On the graphics side of things: Stellar.The game looks beautiful, and runs almost maxed out at 60fps even on my low to mid teir rig. You'd be forgiven for thinking this requires a ludicrously powerful PC.My only possible complaint is that the FOB online missions don't seem to be working right now, though that's more a problem on the server side of things than the actual game itself.10/10"
,Recommended,287700,29049578,Posted: 5 January,all,XylCro,"I never before played a MGS game and was looking for a new challenge, a friend recommended this game to me, damn what a good game, LOVE IT!"
,Not Recommended,287700,18993893,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,pingas,"I was waiting for most updates to happen.They happened.Now you have top items locked behind ludicrous research times and resource requirements that are entirely based off of online timers and storages. No fun allowed, buy MB coins to progress :^)"
,Recommended,287700,18087155,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Bit Bandit ツ,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is Hideo Kojima's final Metal Gear Solid game, which finally bridges the gap between Peace Walker and Metal Gear from 1987, showing the legendary ""Big Boss"" fall from hero status, and descend into the realms of Hell, and becoming the villain of the series.Exceptthat doesn't happen.MGSV takes the series in a bold new direction; switching from a linear corridor structure into an open world environment. This was a big risk for the series, but has paid off greatly. Of course however, this means that MGSV has some issues related to this change. For example the open world; while large, feel really boring and empty, despite the large amount of wildlife and enemies.The AI is pretty stupid at times too, having a short sight and getting stuck in geometry. Other times however the AI are cheating, being able to see through buildings, mountains and other forms of geometry. Lastly the open world loves to waste your time, waiting for your helicopter to drop you off or arrive, slowly making yourself across the open world is tiresome.Despite this however; MGSV features the best gameplay of the series so far, and features more options than ever to tackle almost every mission. Despite having large amounts of options however; such as being able to use explosives to distract enemies, or even using sound as a distraction, the best solution is usually using your tranquilizer pistol and extracting the soldier. There are many ways to do your objective yes, but there is usually only one really efficient way of doing this. Sure enemies get progressively smarter as you do this tactic by wearing helmets or armor, but this proves to just be a minor inconvenience.The gunplay is fantastic, the guns feel like they have weight, you can feel the impact of your bullets, and the aiming is very fluid. However MGSV also has the MGS4 problem, where there are a lot of guns - both lethal and non-lethal - but you'll only use one or two of lethal or non-lethal weapons.Weapon customization is pretty barebones however, the changes are usually only cosmetic, and the only reason I would use the customization was to place a silencer on my weapons, making the whole system very shallow.Mother-base management also returns from Peace Walker, allowing you to grow your base of operations into a force to be reckoned with. You progress Mother-base through extracting soldiers with skills and setting them into their most efficient sector of Mother-base. As you extract more staff for Mother-base, development for weapons, items, tools, and abilities increase. The interface is very smooth and easy to manage.Because of this however, this means that grinding is required in order to access high tier gear. You may also encounter frequent roadblocks due to the lack of tools to complete specific goals.Missions consist of Main missions and Side ops. Main missions are obviously what progress the story, most objectives usually require ""Extract the target"" or "" blow up the target"" which can get tiring really fast if you don't experiment. At the end of each main mission you are ranked from E to S, based on how many times you've been spotted, your accuracy, hits taken, time, etc. Most of the main missions support both play styles, and it is entirely possible to get an S rank if you go the non-stealthy way of completing the mission. Main missions also have mission tasks. Throughout the mission you can compete tasks, ranging from ""Extract the prisoner"" to ""Listen to the conversation between X and Y"". Some of these are enjoyable, some of them however are downright terrible. Due to the somewhat buggy nature, the conversation of the targets may not even trigger, requiring a restart. This can be incredibly frustrating if you're a completionist, and proves that the designers didn't have any other tasks the player could do in the mission. Despite this however, the main missions are generally a enjoyable experience.Side ops are a mixed bag however.There are 157 Side ops in the game, but most of them are largely the same, almost the same as the main ops, consisting of ""Eliminate the tank unit"" or ""Extract the highly skilled soldier"" which can get incredibly boring after the first 50 or 100 side ops. You aren't ranked in these ops, so you're free to mess around as much as you want. Compared to 2010's Peace Walker, the side ops lack any imagination or fun aspects, which is very disappointing.Lastly, the game suffers from a lack of boss fights.Boss Fights are a staple in the MGS series, which is why it is very disappointing to see a lack of boss fights. There is a boss fight againstMetal Gear Sahelanthropus, a Metal Gear Which can stand uprightbut is very shallow and mostly acts as bullet sponge.Since I've talked about the gameplay long enough, I think it's time to talk about the storyline of MGSV.Spoilers aheadUltimately, MGSV's storyline is lacking, and by the end of the game it is outright terrible.What we have is a literally unfinished storyline, character arcs which go no-where, and major plot holes within the story.Every character is devoid of life, and lacks the charm of the Metal Gear franchise. Snake barely talks, and is ultimately forgettable despite Kiefer Sutherland's excellent efforts.Huey is turned from a goofy, likeable character in Peace Walker, to an evil, selfish, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ that makes him more evil than Skullface, ruining any character he had.Skullface's plan can literally be beaten with pen and paper, and his back-story lacks any substance or reasoning. Skull face doesn't even include aBoss Fight.The ""Taboos"" that Kojima promised were merely tame, and lack any impact or creativity. Big Boss never becomes a villain in this game because *MAJOR GAME BREAKING SPOILER *Big Boss turns out to be the Medic from Ground Zeroes who is made to look like Big Boss in order for the real Big Boss to be a coward and hide from CIPHER.The twist was ultimately horrible, and feels like it was made to be shocking rather than clever. This resulted in ret-cons, andBig Boss ultimately being a coward, and giving Kojima an easy way to explain why the real Big Boss survived Solid Snake's attackThe twist is incredibly obvious as well, with too many hits alluding to this twist, which is poor writing, as its too obvious.Lastly are the plot holes infesting MGSV. Here are a few:Eli steals Metal Gear Sahelanthropus but is never followed up.Code Talker warns Snake of Miller which goes no-where.Snake becoming a Villain never happens.As a game, Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is mostly excellent, it provides players with deep, complex, and unparallelled gameplay, with many options to tackle objectives in the most efficient way possible. As a way to end the series however, the game is absolutely atrocious. It truly saddens me that this is it, Kojima will never make another Metal Gear Solid game, due to his parting with Konami.MGSV may be my current Game of the Year, but it is also my most disappointing Game of the Year."
,Not Recommended,287700,21153620,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Harald Treutiger,"So the game is divided up into two chatpers, basically chapter 1 seems to be what Kojima wanted the game to be and it's awesome in every aspect. Then comes chapter 2 basically saying ""we're sorry but we ran out of budget"" throwing in replays of old missions in order to trigger some cut scenes that takes the story further but not all the way.This game (storywise) could have been epic, now I didn't even understand I had completed the game since the ""ending"" was so plain and left alot of questions unanswered.If you buy this game expecting the story to be on par with previous games you'll be very disappointed in the end but the way there is still great and there are loads of side missions and other fun stuff to do. I mainly won't recommend it because I don't want to pe part of sending any money Konamis way after ruining the series like this but the game in general is great."
76561198102978506,Recommended,287700,34014141,Posted: 4 August,all,dinghow100,"Amazing Game its mostly open world, infiltrating eneimes Bases, trying to figure the best way to complete your mission.I usally try to snipe with a silencer.Fulton Extracting is the best thing ever, it allows you to complete missions without the need of a helicopter and collection materials for Mother Base, I really enjoy being able to use this.And also when you meet Quiet keep her, She is the most usefull Buddy to have and buy her DLC outfits they are really good.Pros:StoryBig BossQuietCrazy EndingEverythingCons:None"
,Not Recommended,287700,18039281,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Romulus,"I love the Metal Gear Solid series, but I just cannot forgive the problems with this game. For one, they force a mutliplayer aspect on you at all times with your Forward Operating Base that they FORCE you to build. At any given time, players can raid that FOB, and steal your solidiers and resources. So that means that you can always lose your hard earned resources no matter what. Asides from the forced FOB mechanic, the game lacks so much explanation on gameplay mechanics. How are you supposed to know how to unlock the weapons customization, such a neccesary utility. I never got the side op to unlock weapon customization until i was completly done with the story because you have to complete 2 unrelated side ops OCCUPYING that space already! What ♥♥♥♥ing good is it now that the story is over! So your resources can always be taken, there are all sorts of game mechanics asides from weapon customization are EASY to COMPLETELY overlook, and they didn't even give you the ability to use a knife in this game. That right, if you wanna stab someone who is incapacitated, you have to wake em up, grab them, THEN slit their throat. You CANNOT equip a knife despite the fact that your Dog has a knife, and your Walker Gear Robot has a knife."
,Not Recommended,287700,18037514,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Lastprussian,"So you know those quirky character's that you love, we took them out. How about Naked Snakes personality, we cut that too. How about the wierd convuluted and often insane stories these games were known for, hell how about any story, cause we don't have one.After playing near 70+ hours i have come to the conclusion that while bieng a fun game, it is at the end of the day a lifeless, characterless, storyless, voiceless waste of time, you'll have hours of fun ballooning people into the sky, shooting bears with tranq rounds, and dropping boxes on peoples heads. When you have finished doing the same mission for the third time, your base is full, and you have devoloped everything you need, you will set aside your mouse, and you will say things like ""I understand what just happened"" or ""Why did no one say La-Le-Lu-Le-Lo"" Proving that while bieng a really polished Ubisoft open world game that doesn't have tower's, MGS V: The Phantom Story is the worst the series has to offer."
76561198061692243,Not Recommended,287700,20703017,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,WubbaLubbaDubDub,Enjoyed the opening cinematic. Once the gun tutorial begins(about an hour or so in) Any and all input from my mouse or keyboard would cause my weapon to fire. I did a little reading on forums to see if it could be easily fixed. Tried all the suggestions and none worked. After enjoying all previous Metal Gears I really wanted to like this game but with a bug as game breaking as this I cannot recommend it. I can handle a few crashes here and there but if the game isn't properly allowing me to play it then it deserves no recommendation.
,Recommended,287700,23510917,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Satsujinki,You know about Hideo's super secret weapon is coming? It's called: I'll keep coming.
,Not Recommended,287700,18863891,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Master Fewster,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Cop OutWhy am I still playing? Just to suffer?Every night, I can feel the unfinished story...and subbar character development....even the dialogue.The game I've lost... the story I've lost.... wont stop hurting. It's like they're all still there.You feel it too, don't you? I'm gonna make them give back our Boss."
76561198033239648,Recommended,287700,17844170,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,TrUHeru,A Hideo Kojima game.I don't see what else you need to throw your money at the screen right now.
76561198019395353,Recommended,287700,17825178,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Fr33zy,"Solid Boss returns for the erect installment of Metal Gears: Ghost in the Shell. You play as a demon named Big Snake in his quest to ciphon the bad guys, along with the help of a Ruskie with a cowboy fetish, a weeb, and that guy you bullied in high school. There's also a man who has an issue with spontaneous combustion, and a lady who feminists don't like very much.All in all, I'd give this game a SOLID 10/5 not enough boxes."
,Recommended,287700,26924711,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mertius,This game is truly a masterpiece..
,Recommended,287700,18644764,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,"I really, really, really love this game. But it is not without flaw.The gameplay is smooth, unique, and breaths new life into the series in in it's final bow. It makes for a complex, yet easy-to-learn experience that transitions into open world very well. I absolutely cannot wait for Metal Gear Online.I like how it's also clearly a Metal Gear Game, and indeed keeps the same tones of large scale, atmospheric, eerie enviorments with a link to actual history and technology that, while way too advanced is still somehow fitting.The gameplay, atmosphere, and the music are all great. Definitely enough to make this one of my top games of the year.However, my problem lies with the PvP and the story.FOB needs to be fixed. I really don't care how, just...fix the cheaters and improve the system. Make it something people WANT to do, not something they feel they HAVE to. It should be fun...not an inconvenient pain.The story I feel is really quite lacking, but only in execution, not concept.Concept wise, the story could be something truly epic, and I feel like it ALMOST reaches that point, though only a little shines through in missions like Shining Lights Even in Darkness.Skull Face, despite just being a disc one final boss, I feel was shafted in terms of presence. After all, he did sorta kinda win in the end and pull Big Boss and Zero away forever.I wish there were more ties to MGS4's setting and the ""dark future"" of endless proxy war.I wish The AI, Sahelanthropus, and Code Talker all had resolution.If the cut missions of the ""Kingdom of the Flies"" were put in, I feel like it'd work out a whole lot better.And I don't like how they played out the twist, though I feel it actually was a great twist conceptually.In the end, it has a ton of great concepts, but I feel like it spends so much time working on it's own messages and story that it sort of forgets what game it is. As a result, I really dislike the story. Which I usually love from Metal Gear games, save this and Sons of Liberty.If there was more connection between Parasites and patriot biotech, Walker Gears and Gekko, Doublethink and control of information, and just a little more focus in the right areas, I feel like it'd complete my love for this solid, solid, rock hard game.Maybe I expected too much, but as it stands I still love this game."
,Recommended,287700,17886866,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Charlote,A Hideo Kojima Game.
,Not Recommended,287700,34226985,Posted: 13 August,all,Yozuru,"If you're a fan of the previous Metal Gear games, be prepared to be severely disappointed and sad. What made the previous Metal Gear games wonderful was its stories and fun characters, which is nonexistent in this. Below is my list of positive and negatives I found from the game:Positives:- Beautiful graphics- Great gameplay mechanics- Loads of weapons and customizationNegatives:- Lots of repetitive gameplay (especially in the last half of the game).- Few interesting boss fights (if any at all)- Most of the story is in tapes you get in the game, which is terrible and a drag if you want to get the full picture.- Boring repetitive nature of pick-up and deployment from the helicopter (3 minutes of menus and sitting on a helicopter.)- Uninteresting missions, most of it is repetitive with a few key chapters fleshing out the story.- Virtually no dialogue from Snake, which is a shame because the voice actor is amazing.- Sparse amounts of cutscenes. (all of the story are in tapes)- Lots of boring traveling from point to point.- No real conclusive and fulfilling ending.Honestly, this does not feel anything like the Metal Gear I know, and it's rather empty even with all the open areas (that's a big problem in open world games). As a fan, this game didn't made me angry, but rather sad that the series didn't end with a bang, but a whimper."
,Not Recommended,287700,18108866,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Vellarain,"This game is like a Rough Diamond, there are gleams of the potential under the unfinished surface but it was just not quite there yet. And this is obvious from its game play to its narrative and even how the story is paced. The further you progress into the game, the more glaring those unpolished flaws drown out the gem underneath it all.The gameplay is what draws you in, free roam stealth with a base building mechanic that makes it feel like you are building up to something much bigger than just a super stealth master is addicting. But then you quickly realize that none of the things you are building up towards really goes anywhere.I never used another weapon other than the M4, and the silenced pistol as my default set up. Anything unsilenced is a waste in this game because stealth is supposed to be everything and there are only a handful of stock suppressed weapons and they are all inferior to what you start with.The choice of weapons simply was not interesting enough and its very puzzling how it shows that there are eight grades of weapon upgrades but even though I have not seen a weapon upgrade past grade 6. But this is just one of the first issues that this game has.I was super exited for the base building mechanic and sending out my soldiers to do missions. But, it is shallow and very uninteresting. But the base building is just a throw away feature and offers nothing towards the overall experience towards the game. Every mission happens off screen, the levels mean nothing but simply make up fake requirements for new weapons until level 40.And the base raiding is just broken, if a player defends, just leave. Because they can keep respawning if you kill them and make it simply not worth your time trying to attack the moment they show up. But really, the rewards for attacking only help with building up a base that simply... offers nothing to the bigger picture of the game.I was hoping that the FOB raiding would be like some kind of end game content where building up your base actually meant something. But its just tedious and a waste of time, the resources put into this useless mini game could have been put into far more important things... like the story.Because the story is a mess, the narrative is easily the most dry and uninteresting thing I have been subjected to. Especially after playing a game like The Witcher that makes this look someone’s overblown fanfiction. And the more I think about it like that... the more I feel like it is the truth. Let’s break down the characters for you!Big Boss, Dude, I got a massive metal shard in my brain, talking is hard... this is why I don’t say♥♥♥♥♥♥for 90% of the dialogue.Miller, growl growl, Phantom Pain, growl growl, revenge.Ocelot, its the bosses choice, But I will ALWAYS contradict Miller, always.Emmerich, I am just trying to help, everything is everyone else’s fault.Eli, I am the most abrasive child in the world that needs to get the♥♥♥♥♥♥spanked out of me, why am I not in a cell?Child Soldiers, Why are we following the white boy around?Skull Face, My name is stupid, my reason for revenge is stupid, my way of deploying of the parasites is stupid.Code Talker, THE PARASITES DO EVERYTHING, THEY EVEN TALK TO ME, WHY? BECAUSE NANOMACHINES ARE OVERUSED!Mantis, I am responsible for ♥♥♥♥ing EVERYTHING that happens, but I will only be the first boss for Solid Snake.Man on Fire, AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!Quiet, I cannot speak because I am eye candy, even the camera knows this. My♥♥♥♥♥♥must always be out because apparently I am a ♥♥♥♥ing plant.D-Dog, I am the most useful companion ever, the tactical advantage I give the player is so damn broken you are stupid to use anyone else.D-Walker, Boss didn’t even research a single part of me.D-Horse, who let that ♥♥♥♥ing dog join? I GOT ONE MISSION BEFORE I BECAME USELESS!Battle Gear, Was I supposed to be important?Sahelanthropus, How the ♥♥♥♥ did I exist before Metal Gear Rex?!The characters are all just so dammed boring. Their motivations and goals just serve no interest for me at all, it’s all just noise between the missions. The dialogue is so dammed bad that the bulk of it is shuffled off into cassette tapes for ♥♥♥♥s sakes!---Spoiler---And that little twist that you get served up at the end? It is just terrible because Venom Snake is fully aware of the fact he is a body double for the real Big Boss, even Miller and Ocelot both know he is a fake.Hideo deliberately withholds this information from the player. Because it serves him better as an opening hook letting the player think he is in control of the real Big Boss. It seems clever, but is nothing more than smoke and mirrors, because his opening act is his strongest hand before everything falls into chaos.Also, how ♥♥♥♥ing stupid do you expect us to be? Big Boss looked like ♥♥♥♥ing Big Boss in MGS 4. And don’t try and act like Hideo was being clever by making the opening credits on EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING MISSION as Venom Snake a subtle wink at that there was something amiss. Because was it ♥♥♥♥ing required in the narrative? hell, ♥♥♥♥ing, nope.---/Spoiler---You know what, after finishing this review, it’s not a diamond underneath its unpolished surface... it’s a ♥♥♥♥ing lie wrapped in♥♥♥♥♥♥.. 80 ♥♥♥♥ing bucks... could have had myself a steak dinner for that at least I expect that to turn into♥♥♥♥♥♥when I am done with it and that process only takes 48 hours."
,Recommended,287700,17895776,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Fat Pidgeon,horse is the worst. game is taking my life away from me. send help. just not the horse.
76561197995174490,Not Recommended,287700,21673485,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,rassilon72,"I grew increasingly frustrated with Metal Gear Solid V.  It started out with potential, but the litany of things grew.  I didn't like the inability to jump and would find this exceedingly aggrevating when trying to escape a firefight.  But the glitchy slides up rock faces and the almost jerky movement would further my dislike of Snake.  The psychotically long runs between places didn't add to the realism, so much as make for some very boring running.  And Snake sounds like he runs with the horses, he's so noisy.Also, trying to figure out how to assign your team to do missions behind the scenes was an exercise in futility.  I never managed to have one successful outing.  What about side missions - no, not the actual side missions, but the ones that allow 100% completion of a mission?  Well you don't even get to know what they are until you complete the mission one full time, meaning you have to do every mission at least twice if you want to complete everything.  And actual side missions?  You can complete one a dozen times and somehow it keeps coming back!Lastly, speaking of running too far... what about your base.  Even using a helicopter to ""fast travel"" seems to be a display of how it really would be circling repeatedly over a base... again and again until landing.Overall, I've played many first and third person games and have finished all of them.  This is the first time I feel I grossly wasted money - I uninstalled it after mission 11.  I kept trying to go back to it, to complete it, but found it too tedious.  There are better games out there and I've spent my money far better on Steam in the past.  This was a major let down.Sadly, I far exceeded my time on it so can't get a refund.  Here's to never making that mistake again!"
,Not Recommended,287700,18009527,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Eddie,"People need to stop judging this game based on how much time they sank into the game. I played this game for nearly 50 hours and while I enjoyed it for a while, I realized how much of a chore the game actually is and how there isn't actually as much content as there seems to be. This game is Far Cry with a dumb anime plot (emphasis on the dumb part).First off the open world, while it controls very well and looks very pretty, is very empty and uninspired. The game is set in Afghanistan and Africa, both which are apparently war torn though I never saw any battles between the Soviets or Mujahadeen or between the African PMCs and natives. That's because in each map, you only encounter the Soviets or the African PMCs and nobody else save for the occasional POW. Compare this to a game like S.T.A.L.K.E.R. where there are roughly 5 big factions that roam the world and interact with each other as well as the player, and that game came out 8 years ago. In fact the open world actually detracts from the story by making it feel so disjointed. Maybe if each story mission felt like it had closure like a tv episode (which is what it was supposed to be mimicking I guess), it wouldn't be so bad.Next the amount of side quests and missions, while there are plenty of each, are all rinse and repeat and the side quests are completely forgettable. This is what they call filler and it's nowhere near as good as the kind they put in twinkies. The story missions themselves mostly consist of assassinating targets and extracting prisoners. But the assassinations almost always turn into extractions as well because the targets are so much better than the usual cannon fodder for your mother base. The actual story missions are usually these kinds of missions as well but instead of being able to fulton out the target, you'll have to carry them to the chopper (what a tweest). What's most disappointing is the lack of boss fights. There are maybe 3 legitimate boss fights in the entire game and they aren't nearly as good as the ones in previous games. Remember fighting Psycho Mantis or The End or The Sorrow? Remember how unique and memorable those boss fights were? You're not going to get anything like that from MGSV.Now let's talk about the other important part of this game, the story. If you don't want to be spoiled, here's the tl; dr. It sucks and it fails to close the gap between Peace Walker and Metal Gear (MSX). You know, the very thing this game was supposed to do? The reason this plot is dumb is because of some big twists and lazy explanations so if you don't want the story spoiled, look back at my tl; dr. So the biggest problem I have with this game is that (spoiler alert), you're not playing as Big Boss. Venom Snake is actually you, the player who happens to be the medic on the chopper in Ground Zeroes. I get what it's trying to say, anyone can be Big Boss but that plot was already done before in MGS2 and it was much better executed. Here, not only is it dumb in the game's universe, but it makes everything you've accomplished in the game feel like a complete lie. Maybe it's supposed to be our phantom pain (lol) but that's just a horrible idea and it better not be the intention.Another annoyance is how Skullface's plan and motivation are dumb and unclear respectively. He comes off as a mustache twirling cartoon rather than an actual interesting villain that all of the trailers made him out to be. But the worst part about him is that (more spoilers) apparently he was helping Big Boss and cleaning up for him since MGS3, making all of Big Boss' accomplishments nullified. If that were the case, then why is Big Boss considered such a legend that they would have to clone him three times? Why would they go through all that trouble when not only can you just brainwash someone else to be able to be like him (Venom Medic), but he didn't even do anything all that special himself? Now MGSV has not only ruined itself, but the entire series. Sure you can go on about how Kojima explains everything with parasites instead of nanomachines now or bringing back certain characters for fanservice and leaving more relevant ones out for no good reason but those pale in comparison to the big dumb twists that this game introduces.This game not only disappoints long time Metal Gear fans like myself but also alienates any new fans with it's confusing and lame story. I wouldn't recommend this game to anybody. It turned Metal Gear into a Far Cry clone. Not to knock on Far Cry or anything but Metal Gear used to be it's own unique franchise and it's sad to see it end like this. If you want to play a good Metal Gear Solid game, play one of the first three."
,Not Recommended,287700,18091635,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Dewderson,"Grabbed Soviet platoon commander and sprinted out of the enemy base, enemy patrol spotted me and opened fire without hesitation, didn't get hit once. Ocelot hails me via radio ""Boss the target is dead, mission accomplished."" What!?! **Put down the Soviet commander and look at him, he was hit seven times and killed instantly.No Soviet left behind 10/10A game that is overrated with a reputation fiercely protected by it's cult following. MGS V features amazing gameplay, but a surprisingly weak story. A story that has been padded with generic and forced filler missions to extend the amount of content included and deflect any attempts at saying the game was too short. The game's story and gameplay literally drops off a cliff after the end of the first chapter and becomes a chore to play. With MGO not present at launch either it's clear this is another; albeit extremely camoflagued version of an unfinished game. With it's ending boss battle and cutscene cut from the game despite the entire game building up to it. Accompanied by story arcs that literally are not finished. And arcs that are finished are filled completely with plotholes. This game honestly is a swift kick in the balls to me. Having played Metal Gear growing up, Metal Gear clearly peaked with Metal Gear Solid 3.One reason I think the story suffered so much was the attempt to get the overall story from every game to go full circle and maintain consistency, with a storyline not even resembling an actual plotline, more like a gigantic plot scribble, the protagonist of this game literally does not even make sense, many reactions from characters are extremely forced and glossed over. If you decide to get this game for whatever reason, do yourself a favor and stop playing the story after chapter one and dont even bother with all the recycled missions and content padding.+ Amazing Gameplay+ Most of the story is good+ FOB infiltrations are fun on either side+ Buddy mechanics are fleshed out+ Base development system actually has a noticeable impact on gameplay- Sparse Story- Lots of cut story and gameplay- Major plotholes- Filler missions and content padding- Cult fanbase will attack people who point out this game's faults and undeserved perfect rating- Hackers in FOB infiltration were a problem within a week of releaseA good game thoroughly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by Konami, 7/10; would refund if I could."
,Recommended,287700,17885006,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zharlie Sine Fine,Just buy it.
,Recommended,287700,24489670,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Brave Mechonis,"It goes without saying that this is one of the best games I've had the privelege of playing in a long a time. Having completed all the missions on S-rank and all missions tasks, leaving me with only a few things to finish up, I can say that is honestly the 2nd best Metal Gear Solid game ever made (MGS3 is still the best).For story, it isn't that bad. What story is there is the good Metal Gear quality. However, due to Hideo's disgust for David Hayter, he went with the more expensive Keifer Sutherland. Which is probably why we don't have Snake talking nearly as much (seriously, he is like a ♥♥♥♥ing mute now).Certain parts such as the tapes with Zero and the scenes with Paz were some of the best moments of the game. Then we have Eli stealing Sahelanthropus, and then the game ends at that leaving a cliffhanger. Thanks Konami!Sadly, Skull Face as a villain is probably the worst villain in the series. The whole ""language"" theme going on was probably one of the least compelling reasons for a Metal Gear Solid villain, let alone when he is doing it to fulfill Boss's vision (which makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense).Gameplay is a mixed bag. YOUR tools and weapons continually increase over the entire game giving multiple ways to take down any situation. THE ENEMY hits a brick wall after a while and stops evolving. Lack of enemy variety is sad and eventually repeated objectives, such as the Side-Ops, become repetitive and boring. Stealth feels more forgiving then Ground Zeroes, which is a bad thing given the game gives you so many ways to goof stealth (boxes, D-Dog, stealth camo, etc). If you try for S-ranks, then the game punishes you for playing a different way other then perfect stealth (there are some missions where this isn't true). However, the game has shining moments of brilliance and still is extremely fun provided you aren't sick like me and intent to 100% it.Map design is bad in a lot of places. Lot of empty space with nothing but a few supplies here and there. Game could have better use of certain design mechanics such as cracks in walls.Haven't touched the multiplayer and have no intention. You can 100% the game without ever using online. Online features are more infuriating then anything (♥♥♥♥ online inventory).10/10, it kept me obessesed for about a month straight.Edit: Just putting this in for the review achievement for the Steam Game Rewards. Terrible idea..."
76561197994959218,Recommended,287700,31726500,Posted: 13 May,all,chaosavy,"This game nails the feeling of being a ""special ops"" type agent. I simply love how you can get ammo, items, weapons, support buddies and even vehicles air dropped. That experience was amazing. I only wished that it was cheaper/faster - since I tended to cheap out (on both resources and time) and not call in air strikes or use the supply drops as often as I'd have liked - but maybe that's part of the game's feeling of resource management.Anyway - I really enjoyed my time with the game - but don't have a huge deal of motivation to continue paying past the 30ish missions - I'll watch the other story cutscenes on YouTube and play another game.For the most part the game is amazing - and I found myself enjoying the weirdness about the story in some places. Very happy with the experience."
,Recommended,287700,19890828,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Blitzo,"Kaz, I'm already a fiddle.Actual Review:So after I spent way too much time in this game I guess its time to write a review.So where should I start?First off: I was starting to upgrade my computer long ago just for mgsv only to find out that the fox engine is a masterpiece of programming. The game runs so smooth on maxed out settings (I have a gtx 960 g1, however due to my 2gb of vram I just have to set like 2 options from ultra to high. Otherwise everything is maxed out and its constant 60fps). The gameplay is just amazing. They put so much work into these small little details and the seriously thought of everything. Compared to all the other metal gear games the gameplay and control of mgsv is overwhelming. And the fob system is actually not as bad as most people think. You actually win more by just playing it a little bit than you would ever lose. I was VERY sceptical at the beginning but even if you lose staff, resources etc. you still gain more than you lose. Simple reason is because when you succeed and you steal stuff, you get bonus rewards too (which is like 10 times more than what you can steal). So even if you invade someone and steal things and he takes revenge and steals them back, both of only profit because of the bonus rewards (and the bonus reward is just given to you by the game, its not stolen from the enemy). And it also adds a lot of extra time to the game.So gameplay and everything is amazing and pretty much everyone agrees on that. So whats the thing why some people are dissapointed about the game?Metal Gear Solid V is not really like the other metal gear games. It heavily focuses on the gameplay and not that much on the story. Long cutscenes are mostly replaced by cassete tapes. Ocelot is not the♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore he used to be.CONTAINS VERY SLIGHT SPOILERS NOW... Like really slight spoilers... just dont tell me that I havent warned you.On the other hand, the game plays in 1984 and we pretty much know what happened before and what is gonna happen to big boss after that (most of the metal gear games play after 1984 or before). So there really wasnt that much room to add more story and I understand kojima for that. But it also gives a deeper lore to big boss and explains a lot of things like how he became a villain, his and zero's (cipher) relationship and their vision, how he ""died"" in mg1, the shocking truth about venom snake and eli (liquid snake).SPOILERS END NOWSo what people really disliked is that there is no real ending to the game. Mission 46 is the final story mission but its like just a certain part of the game that is replayed but differently but there is no boss or anything. Mission 31 is the end of chatper 1 and it has a boss which is really amazing, but then after chapter 1 the game just feels so rushed.The Kojima and konami conflict was probably the cause of that. Basically: you had to repeat some story missions only on harder difficulty. And seriously, the game is so full of content, but even if they would have removed all the repetitive stuff, the game would have still been ten times longer than any AAA game. They could have also just added like bonus missions where you could just repeat any story mission you want, but on harder difficulty or in subsistence mode.When you play chapter 2 yourself you know what Im talking about. I just wish they would have made an ending which reveals the shocking truth, but also has a boss fight with epic music and lets you walk away like a badass like in mgs3.I just which they wouldnt have cut mission 51, that would have been a perfect way to end the game with an eli (liquid snake) boss fight. Would have been cool because he was the main antagonist in other mgs titles too, just as a child now and that would have been really cool.Oh and what about the music? The music in all the mgsv trailers was so amazing, but in the game there is no cool music. Yes, there are cassete tapes, but they dont really fit in that well mostly, and Im talking about the epic music during certain scenes and fights like in others metal gear titles. But in this one there simply wasnt any music :/ Not at least even something like at the end of peace walker XDConclusion: If you're not an metal gear fan but just like stealth and gameplay GET IT. Its a good game, but not a really story focused metal gear. Adds more stuff to the lore but they were rushing with chapter 2 and mission 51 was completly cut from the game. Until chapter 1: GREAT. Chapter 2:♥♥♥♥♥♥goes deeper than hell. As I said: they could have just removed that repititive stuff and the game would have still been longer than any AAA game.Mgs3 will always be my favorite Metal Gear.One more thing... The main reason things are the way they are in metal gear is because Zero and Big Boss had a vision of a world. But at one point they went parted ways because their visions of a new world were different. Thats how Zero went nuts and Big Boss Started his mercenary business. Sounds familiar? Big Boss = Kojima, Zero = Konami? And just like Zero is greedy for power, Konami is greedy for money.Outer Kojima Productions Confirmed.And thanks for reading my way too long review.Also adds lots of great memes to the metal gear franchise."
,Recommended,287700,20405507,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,JumpingFrenchman,"Talking awayI don't know what I'm to sayI'll say it anywayToday's another day to find youShying awayI'll be coming for your love, OK?Take on me(take on me),Take me on(take on me)I'll be goneIn a day or twoSo needless to sayI'm odds and endsBut I'm me stumbling awaySlowly learning that life is OK.Say after me,""It's no better to be safe than sorry.""Take on me(take on me),Take me on(take on me)I'll be goneIn a day or twoOh, things that you say, yeah—Is it life or just to play my worries away?You're all the things I've got to rememberYou're shying awayI'll be coming for you anywayTake on me(take on me),Take me on(take on me)I'll be goneIn a dayTake on me(take on me),Take me on(take on me)I'll be goneIn a day"
76561198043351594,Not Recommended,287700,18149675,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Mattiay,"This game is disjointed and unfinished, considering the history of the Metal Gear games it lacks the excellent music score which is very unlike of the Metal Gear franchise, I sorely missed Harry Gregson Williams. The quality of the new characters is very low, thematically they seem worlds apart from each other and have next to no cutscenes showing you who they are and how they relate to other characters, they are simply tacked on for plot convenience.The new bosses are uninteresting and suffer from not being fleshed out enough, especially the parasite unit looking like soldiers from enemy territory quake wars, the powers they have seem so over the top, why make metal gears and clone the legendary soldier big boss when you can infect hundreds of people and make them into teleporting, super strength and invisble cloaking special forces that would literally wipe out entire units (as you are told about how they beat soldiers without anyone knowing what is going on.)The characters we do know are incredibly underplayed, especially Ocelot who seems to be dull and very serious compared to the over dramatic, sadistic and charasmatic Ocelot we have come to know. Venom snake rarely says anything too, Miller and Huey seem like the only expressive characters and have a great story arch, the game has occasional hidden gem missions and some strong emotive moments but falls flat with all the filler and fluff around it, this game is the fulton extraction simulator, where the game rewards you for simply just chain tranq everyone and extract them, speaking of rewards, the game ranks each mission with S being the best rank, which is obtainable by just beating the level very fast, there is youtube videos of people literally avoiding fighting and stealth and running to the objectives.A lot of the features of the game are missing, such as using battle gear and the illusive chapter 3. The mother base is a ghost town, huge with nothing in it, without target practise there is no reason for you to be on the base at all, considering its size its a joke that it exists, there was so much potential and it was wasted.The game holds the strongest game play mechanics and the best stealth gameplay compared to the other games of the series, but falls short in all other aspects, with bad design choices, such as  mandatory helicopter scenes/deployment, huge amounts of filler, grinding and constant menus with the idroid taking huge portions of time to navigate and deploy things, overuse of Fulton extraction,  repeating objectives and mission types, short cut scenes with very little emotive facial expressions considering how much facial recognition technology was used.I found it strange that credits were played during the beginning of every main mission telling you who is starring in that level and constant reminder of who had helped direct the game, Hideo Kojima, like I would forget?I just feel disappointed by the obvious missing content and boring repetitive nature of the game, its hastily put together and lacks the quality that all the other metal gear games delivered, a huge shame for a brilliant series of games."
76561198058483968,Not Recommended,287700,21901205,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Aleander Beta,"I do not recommend this game unless you are fan of the series like me, then go ahead and grab it (not at full price).The story line is pretty poor compared to the other Metal Gear titles despite it talks about key events.SPOILERs :- Mainly the first meeting between Big Boss and one of his sons.- There are only few bosses which you can't defeat in a regular fight unfortunately.. the story dispose of them and you can only watch a cutscene (this was really disappointing).- There is a group of minibosses which you may not fight as well. In most of the cases you can simply avoid or decide to not fight them.. and the story still goes on.- There are key characters in game which unfortunately you will never see in action, all rotates around you busy in a lonely journey to collect stuff from the maps (there are only 2 maps).- There are 50 missions of which around 39 as true missions for the story, the others are some of the previous lifted to a higher level of difficulty.< Lastly Mission 51 doesn't exist : the game has been ripped apart from its true final.. thankfully you still have a boss to fight at the end (guess what? a Metal Gear) but the fight between Big Boss and his son has been reduced to a mind war..>END.Its an open world game hence is very repetitive (like 3-4 tipe of missions that you repeat indefinitely) with some cutscenes here and there to remember you are actually following a story.Your main goal, aside for completing the game, is to create a base for yourself and expand it as good as you can, this too indefinitely.WARNING: FOB system: after a while you will have the possibility to create a FOB (another base far away) with the difference that this one may be attacked by other players (human players). Yes, you may attack theirs as they can with yours.If this happen the player which succeeds in a FOB infiltration may steal part of your -resources -equipments and (or kill) -personnel that you have collected in game to craft your bases.FOBs are not needed to complete the game so if you don't like this side stay away from it.Little tip: seems you don't get attacked if you don't attack (sort of defensive mechanics for this system)."
,Not Recommended,287700,21610463,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Luke,"Good game, but get's extremely repetitive.."
,Recommended,287700,22013476,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Wolfenstrike,"First, let's address the elephant in the room:teh controversy.Yes, Konami absolutely ♥♥♥♥ed up Kojima pretty badly.Yes, this game lacks a 3rd act. Yes, Quiet's excuse for her gratuitious skin show is stupid. Yes, Konami wants to cram in as many microtransactions as humanly possible. Yes, it's annoying that Venom Snake is almost a silent protagonist. Yes, the cutscenes are extremely short and there aren't as many as in previous games. Yes, this game is open world and it might feel like it's padded. Yes, most people may not like the tapes as a replacement for long Codec conversations.But you know what?, for all it's faults, it's my personal GOTY 2015 runner up (slightly behind The Witcher 3), because I haven't had this much fun with a videogame in a long, long time, it's easily the absolute best action/stealth game I've ever played in my entire life and I'd still whole heartedly recommend it, just keep in check your expectations and everything will go smoothly.Get it, it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome :)A little 2016 update.This game now officially has a multiplayer mode called Metal Gear Online. It's a nice distraction from the main game and it can get pretty fun at times, but don't buy this just for the multiplayer alone, heck, don't even buyANYof the microtransactions it brings with it.I still recommend this game without hesitation, but just don't get it for the multiplayer alone."
,Recommended,287700,17952520,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,DarkLiberator,"Gameplay wise, the best Metal Gear game ever. Performanc eis top notch, with some good looking landscapes and some stunning looking cutscenes at times. Story wise its a mixed bag.Loved the game regardless. Boss out."
,Recommended,287700,20597279,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Huggbees,"We all already know the main game is great. After 150+ hours, I finally had my fill of it.However, after just 4 hours of Metal Gear Online, I'm done. The lack of dedicated servers causes every game to play out in a sloppy, laggy mess. This completely clashes with the desired frantic and personal gameplay, and strips nearly all the fun away at times.Metal Gear Online has always been terrible, yes, but this one just feels like it will never even work right."
76561198198757099,Recommended,287700,21448055,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,shockmoment,Big boob character is hot.10/10I feel bad for kojimaPeople complain about too much story so he makes a game almost pure gameplay and they still moan.
76561198084598959,Not Recommended,287700,20157026,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SubaruKayak,"It's Metal Gear... without the Metal or the Gear. So what you're left with is just grinding away. It had all the potential to be brilliant. Ground Zeroes created a desire for something ground breaking and instead- we got this.As you're playing along, you start to notice bugs. But they're not bugs.... they're features and there's not a damn thing you can do about it.You get something and you have to wait for it it finish. You get a horse and no reason to ride it. You built a super tank and never use it.... you can build nuclear weapons- for no effin' reason.The bosses aren't anything to remember. There's no 'WHOAAA! That was awesome!!1!' moment... you'll see a few point that are almost that- but it just resonates hollow and incomplete.I recommend whoever buys this to buy it much, much later when it's in the 9.99 range."
,Recommended,287700,17836117,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,[40-1] CptFoley101,"Konami/Kojima Productions did it again. The optimization this game has is just outstanding. Even better than the one in Metal Gear Solid Ground Zeroes. Yes, apparently when a company loves their creation, all kinds of wonders can happen. And for those who dont know, this is not just a stealth game, its an infiltration simulator.Go in from the north, east, west, south, northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest - your choice.Go in silent or loud - your choice.Go during the day or during the night - your choice.But be warned, actions have consequences. Make too many headshot kills/tranqs, the enemy will start wearing helmets.Prefer nighttime operations too much ? Expect more enemies during the night.Like sniping ? Enemies will deploy snipers aswell.Like fighting close ? Enemies will deploy heavy armored troops.Best optimized game of 2015. Ubisoft/Activison/EA, if you're reading this,here's my advice - go take lessons from Konami/Kojima Productions on ""How to port games on PC - the right way.""GOTY material for sure.And last, but not least:A Hideo Kojima game."
,Recommended,287700,17872075,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,sednal,"If you love open world / stealth / If its putting someone to ZzZ, slipping a knife into the body after getting intel or sniping from a distance.  This game is for you.  Extremely Polished video game that has extreme replay value.  Why havn'y you bought it already?Do you like fun? look no more.  Review from a good friend: ""This is not a game, it is a work of art. I first played Metal Gear on the NES in 1988 during the slow decline of the cold war, and from the moment I started playing The Phantom Pain I immediatley felt like i was right back in my childhood again. Thank you Hideo for the memories. It was worth the wait!"""
,Recommended,287700,21737734,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,DemiDeityLink,"The best grail of world-building games, it’s argued, is a black box that lets players do as they like with minimal handholding. Pliability with just the right measure of accountability. Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, a tactical stealth simulation wrapped in a colossal resource management puzzle inside a love letter to theatrical inscrutability, comes the closest of any game I’ve yet played to realizing that ideal."
,Recommended,287700,17838991,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Albacksen,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Not Recommended,287700,21426049,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Dr. Rockso M.D.,"Any fun you might have in MGO will be negated by the insane amount of bugs.Take inexcusably awful netcode (people shooting you dead, seconds after you already killed them) and a completely broken matchmaking system (you WILL lose every other round, guaranteed, as it calculates the skill levels to ensure that you will either share a team with veterans or utterly inexperienced amateurs, every other round). Lose horribly the previous round? That's OK, your team will be stacked next round. No chance in hell for an even match. Also, the lack of response from keys can be quite irritating, as you will soon find that spamming buttons for a desired result is your only real option - or wait several seconds, only to find that the game did not register your input and then try again.It does not matter if you have a fiber optic connection or if you're hosting the game, the game allows all kinds of unexplainable phenomena to occur and people will be warping around like its none of your business, shooting around corners and stopping your shadow dead in its tracks. You will find it common to drop dead several seconds after running behind cover, protected by impenetrable surfaces.Do NOT buy this game for the multiplayer.DO attain a free copy of this game, if you are only interested in singleplayer."
,Recommended,287700,21539274,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,๖ۣۜ𝓜ίςк 𝓿.๖ۣۜƊ,Best Game Ever..!11/10
,Recommended,287700,17850289,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Bahar,The game was so realistic that after i played it. In my dream I saw myself without my hands. It was so realistic that i still feel my fingers but they were gone. It was the worst nightmare I had.Thanks Kojima. Maybe I have lost the chance to be get scare by Silent Hills but you scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me either with this masterpiece.10/10 would nightmare again.
,Not Recommended,287700,21763419,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,oh no i spagettitittititit,disappointing and pretty repetitive
76561198042071871,Recommended,287700,17824361,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,A Burnt Turkey,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17862336,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Bad PC,Your horse can♥♥♥♥♥♥on command.10/10 !
76561198028513363,Not Recommended,287700,18003796,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mr X,Fun after the prologue and for the next 2 to 4 hours after that it gets extremely repetitive and boring
76561198154573991,Not Recommended,287700,24322052,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Akiyama Mio,good game but this game is unfinishdedunfinished game is unfinished game no matter how good game it is
,Recommended,287700,18051555,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Pixel Art Player,"In Metal Gear Solid we heard that ""the best was yet to come"". Well, that was really true. TPP is not only the best MG, but also the best game I've played this year. Well done, mr. Kojima."
,Recommended,287700,17835314,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,HAAZENPFEFFER,"Only several hours into the game, but I can say with absolute certainty that I haven't felt this cool since I first played MGS on the PS1 when I was 14. This game is everything that Metal Gear Solid could ever aspire to be. Everything about it is so much fun and fans of the series will love this highly-polished masterpiece. Can't wait to play it more."
,Recommended,287700,17950465,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,timecop,a game so good i can't even run it. it's such a masterpiece that i left the window telling me my graphics card is too old for this game open for 12 hours so i can't even return it.a game so sneaky you can't even see it
,Recommended,287700,17844068,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Julian CB,"It's a  very Solid experience , great gameplay,  well optimized and fantastic graphic it's so beautifulAmazing job Mr Hideo Kojima ....."
,Recommended,287700,20365434,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Boboscus,"As I reached the end of this beautiful artwork called Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, last game in the MGS series, for now, I think I can write a review about it.I highly recommend this game to any MGS series fan, the story is not as bad as everyone is saying it is, the gameplay is amazing with few downsides here and there but they're avoidable, and the optimization of this game on PC is incredible. World needs more next gen games like this, you can play it on potato while it will still look next gen-ish?Anyway if you're into MGS or even if you're into stealth games and not familiar with MGS series, get it, you won't regret a bit."
,Not Recommended,287700,18886352,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,MinorDespera,"First they removed Hayter.Then announced that the game will be more gameplay-based with way less cutscenes in between.That Big Boss wouldn't have many lines of dialogue compared to previous games.Then Konami/Kojima fallout happened.I still believed the game will be great against all odds, a farewell masterpiece from Hideo. I was wrong. Why?The promotional trailers told a story of broken, bitter men that lost the little that they had, a story of a fallen icon leading them, and his inevitable downfall from Naked Snake we've all known since MGS3 to Metal Gear 1's Big Boss, a story every MGS fan was anxiously waiting. ""The Missing Link"". With premise like that, I thought the game was destined to become one of the strongest MGS entries even if some individual parts of it were underwhelming. I even grew to somewhat like Kiefer, accepting that Hayter couldn't pull something as dramatic and intense. And yet, the game had become the biggest disappointment to me since... I don't even remember anything that could compare to this hollow feeling I had forming inside me as I was getting disillusioned about MGSV throughout my play. Have we simply hyped up the game too much? No, we just expected it to be just like the trailers.The trailers lied.I am not even gonna talk about Venom/BB, let's abstract from other MGS games and try to judge MGSV story on its own. That's when you truly understand what is so disappointing about it. Sadly, the shortage of cutscenes didn't do the game any good, as expected. They're few and disjoined from gameplay, especially in second chapter, they feel like an afterthought. Because of their scarcity, almost all cast receives little to no development and screen time. They've tried to compensate that with cassette tapes but even there it falls flat. I've listened to every codec in MGS1-4 and all the tapes in Peace Walker, yet I still can't bring myself to finish ~35 tapes in MGSV as of now. There are no funny moments (the ONLY somewhat fun tapes are about hamburgers and even they are stale, mildly entertaining at best), there is no interesting trivia. Instead, there's lots and lots of talk about PARASITES and MALE TO FEMALE and COPULATION and WOLBACHIA. I feel like they've overexplained this plot element to death, to the point you just can't stand any more Code Talker's tapes. Another thing is in-game radio calls you can initiate, but even here somehow Peace Walker was better. You don't hear anyone but Miller and Ocelot in these, ever. Why? PW had Huey and Amanda and Miller and all the cast interjecting and adding their remarks whenever you called. It's a missed opportunity you don't get anything from other Motherbase dwellers.And then there's Skullface, the mysterious new character and main antagonist. I consider him butchered by writers, after so brilliantly setting him up in Ground Zeroes. He’s been reduced to comic character thanks to weird dialogues and explaining his masterplan in last 10 minutes of his life while gesticulating angrily. The main vocal theme ""Sins of the Father"", wasted on some jeep ride. Even Peace Walker seems less disappointing with its generic helicopter battle using Heaven's Divide.And lots, lots of loose ends. Kojima/Konami incident didn't go without consequences. The game is barely finished, ending abruptly, lacking final boss battle that was put as video on Collector's Edition disk (along with several of loose plot elements being resolved there), and the whole final mission being a rehash of Prologue with exception of opening and ending cutscenes. Oh wait, if we go by numeration the last mission is actually IS a boss battle mission... from the first chapter, only harder. Why they removed difficulty settings is beyond me.All in all the story is massively underwhelming with few bright moments in between, and is far from what was being advertised. This is beyond MGS2 Raiden scandal, this is far worse.Why haven't I said a word about gameplay yet, you think? Because as anyone who have played MGS knows, story was always the first and foremost. The gameplay added to it and was great on its own in almost every MGS game, but it was always about the Kojima's universe for me. But I guess I owe to say something about it. The open world didn't add much to it and maps are basically corridors with huge chunks of untraversible areas, some features from previous games are missing, there's no swimming mechanics and as a result all rivers and lakes in Africa are not even knee deep. Environments are disappointingly dead when compared to MGS3's animal variety and density. I remember distinctly how I was going across the African swamp at night, hearing all sorts of ambient poultry around. So I decided to check what was actually around, and pounded the ground with sonar radar built into Venom's arm. Nothing. Not a single blip came back. There's a total of ~15 animals and birds you can meet in the wild, the rest can only be found by placing traps which then get automatically collected by your team, thus lacking world models. MGS3 had over 40 animals, as I remember. As for various gadgets and tactics, there's an overwhelming plenty of them, but I somehow found myself relying on simple basics such as tranq pistol and cqc more than anything. I guess I forbid myself from having fun unwittingly. The game is easy enough if you invest in development of new weapons, and I found myself having trouble only in select few missions. There are tons of mission rehashes, which consist of previous missions + some mode like Subsistence or Hard difficulty. Once again, they should've added those as separate difficulties - I'd play the hell out of Subsistence (SOP Naked) mode which was the most fun I've ever had in this game. Side Ops lack in variety and you end up with something like ""Destroy Enemy Tanks #16"" and ""Capture Enemy Specialist #18"". Controls are smooth and responsive, at least, apart from when your horse decides to jump off bridge since you were too close to the edge, killing you in process. Of course I miss the old clunky MGS controls, but hey, the progress must go on.Oh, and visuals and optimization are surprisingly well done.To conclude, I feel that the game was rushed to its release, which took a heavy toll on story. If that hadn't happened, despite all its flaws, maybe it could still be a great game."
,Recommended,287700,24383889,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Pallynation,"Let's ignore the elephant in the room, the whole Konami incident for a moment.This game was easily my favorite title of 2015.  Kojima created something incredible here.The game is genuinely fun to play, allowing you to approach each mission in many different ways.  Allowing you to be sneaky if that is your desire.  Or you can run in guns blazing if that is more your style.  Each style works well.  In previous MGS games the gunplay always felt clunky to me, but in The Phantom Pain gunplay feels natural.  The transition from playing stealthy and going loud is natural and seamless.  You don't feel like your swimming upriver like you did in the previous games.The world is impressive, but there are only two major zones.  Afghanistan and Africa, so not a whole lot of variety in locales but each area is large and populated by strongholds, watchpoints and whatnot for you to capture, and these points are back in enemy hands each time you travel back out, offering lots of replayability.Crafting and base building is interesting.  You have your motherbase which is your base of operations, which you need to return to on occasion.  You have staff you assign to teams which will offer different benefits leveling up those teams allowing for progression in the R&D system.  You develop weapons and tools to help you better handle enemies.  Your Staff is populated almost entirely of captured soldiers.My biggest complaint is the story is unfinished.  there was an entire chapter cut out, which truly is unfortunate, and this cut i assume has everything to do with the fallout that happened with Kojima and Konami.  That said, the game is still incredible, but be prepared for a ridiculous story.My personal recommendation is to put together a playlist of 80s hits and go wild.  The game natively supports a custom soundtrack, All you have to do is drop the MP3s into a custom soundtrack folder and it works from the iDroid menu perfectly.  It made the game so much more enjoyable for me.  Nothing was more fun than running into a guarded outpostguns blazing with AC/DC ""shoot to thrill"" blasting from my iDroid, or calling in helicopter support with the helicopter blasting ""final countdown"".  The game is a lot of fun, and seems to be really well optimized.  Even considering all the crap that went down with Konami this game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,287700,17834392,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Dr.Shadowds 🐉,"This is the last Metal Gear Solid game for the series, also the best I have played.I have only play this game with an Xbox 360 controller, and I have to say this game is pretty dam good.ProsOpen worldYou get a baseLots of things to doLots of things to findLots of options to upgradeLots of missings, and ways to do things.You are the boss, you pick what you want to do in this open world in your own way.ConsCan't think of any ATM, but will edit this later.The real con is having too much fun. :P"
,Recommended,287700,34680077,Posted: 2 September,all,Zigtail,"By far one of the best games I've ever played. Story is really well done, the controls are great, the masses and masses of equipment are all amazing and work great for a variety of different tasks, the vehichles are great fun, the managing of your base is easy and the partners are all AMAZING. I will admit that one mission was so well done story wise, that I was on the brink of tears bby the end of it (no spoilers). Honestly an amazing game, well worth it's miniscule price, a great open world game. A bit of everything for every kind of gamer. Reccomend it 100%"
,Not Recommended,287700,32537833,Posted: 18 June,all,ShadoW,"This game is immensely overrated. The story is pretentious and the gameplay gets old real fast. The open world literally only has guardposts in it.Finished the game with about 85% of the side missions completed. This is the first MGS game I've ever played, you can discount the possibility of any bias toward the franchise (unless it's about the story -- coming into this game without any context definitely wasn't a good idea)."
,Not Recommended,287700,18403863,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,K3r097  \[T]/,"The gameplay is great, but the game is incomplete."
76561198050473212,Not Recommended,287700,18038499,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Führer Maus,"As a fan since MGS 1, following the story line for more then 10 years, waiting for the final master piece from Kojima, and Kojima deliver an unfinish work to us, is that it ? I feel that my whole life growing with MGS is in vain..."
,Recommended,287700,17827849,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Naz,"I've played almost 300 Hours of this game now. I've unlocked and developed every weapon, I've upgraded every buddy, I've completed Mother Base and my FOB, I've Developed, Stolen and Diffused Nukes.I've made my self Demonic, with a huge Horn and Blood covered face and gear, and then redeemed my self with massive increase in Heroism.I've played all through Chapter One, and Completed the non-repeat missions of Chapter 2. I've learnt the twists, I've seen the deleted footage and I've Fulton extracted so many resources I don't have any space left for more.Yet one thing remains consistent, every time I load up this game, I have a blast. Its amazingly Fun.Sure, many people are dissatisfied with the story, or rather it's conclusion. Especially with the reveal of the incomplete chapter, and lack of response from Konami. But this game is amazingly fun, and I think that matters most.I've been a long time fan of the series, Since I was introduced to MGS on the PSone as a young kid, I've played every game repeatedly, excluding the Handheld releases. I've been a Fan of the Solid Snake and Big Boss Stories, including the ""crazy, but some how just enough realism to be outrageously possible"" villains, story twists and plots. Grey Fox For Life.While I agree, that this games story, (Yes, including the tapes) doesn't hold a candle to the previous installments, The game succeeds in being the most fun MGS installment I've played in spite, or perhaps because, of this. The FOX engine is fantastic, and an absolute tragedy that it may never be seen again.But aside from all that, 300 Hours, for the price tag of $60USD. That's worth it, no matter how you feel about the game in comparison to the others, its cheaper then an average AAA release (usually $80-110USD) and has given me far more playtime then any of them. Not to mention the fact we get MGO in January, which will provide even more playtime.Is it Kojima's Greatest work? Its definitely not his greatest story, but I'd have to say its his greatest game. Despite every complaint that has been raised in other reviews, this game excels, for a lower price tag then people pay for the latest FPS re-skin every year."
,Recommended,287700,17909334,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,KaZumaTree,"GET IT!TL;DR= Easily a contender for Game Of The Year 2015. Hideo Kojima has done it again, marred only by questionable corporate decisions by Konami. If you have room for one game for the next year (or two), get this!+Shockingly well optimized, and will likely be the benchmark for performance in games to come. 1080p/60FPS, buttery smooth, and when it isnt, its so well done that smart use of adaptive motion blur as well as dynamic focus scaling makes it so that the action's not interrupted even in the most heated of moments. And even on the most ancient of potatos, it'll either just straight-up not run (at this point, you have got to be on some silly Pentium 4 or similar, older than my nephew) for obvious reasons, or it'll tone things down to where it tries to maintain a constant FPS at the start. Options for a 30FPS lock as well.+A masterpiece of Kojima storytelling, even for non-fans of Metal Gear. Even if this is your first MGS game, you wont feel lost, nor will you ever feel left out. MGS fans will appreciate this as much as newcomers, and maybe even convert them over.+A perfectly blended mix of 3P shooting action mechanics, tactical sneaking that the series is known for, open-world freedom and exploration (and resource exploitation), taking care of your own base with its little Pokemon-like gotta-catch-em-all soldier capturing mechanic. You can even go ahead of a planned mission to do recon, plan routes, and even infiltrate and take out vital base resources like the power generator, comms, and air radar and they'll remain down when you have a mission in the same area! (Spoiler: You get a storyline mission that you can IMMEDIATELY complete even before you land if certain events in the mission zone are already handled...)+Already EASILY 40 hours worth of content IN CHAPTER 1 ALONE! And that's just rushing things! This game may be a 70-100hr monster, and you wont want to rush it, thats for sure!~~~~~-60FPS top lock (seen as Auto in settings). Arguements can be said that there are technical, design, and performance reasons for such a lock, but it is there, and can be seen by some noticeable pop-in in larger areas.-Kojima storytelling, complete with lengthy cutscenes that have a bit too much fat on them and go for a bit too long. If you disliked MGS because of how long such cutscenes are, apologies, but this game carries that same banner.-As much as the mechanics are all very well blended together, they are still a blend of mechanics that have issues when brought together into on game without proper UI support. Chief among which is the control problems when handling large menus and lists in your iDroid (easily seen when managing Mother Base staff). This is exacerbated by the lack of mouse support in menus at all. Another problem is the required precision of one's fingers no matter the control method when handling something like CQC. You can end up grabbing your opponent when you intended to disarm and hold up instead, or end up throwing a 5-hit combo when you wanted to throw. Also there is a lack of feedback when bases and outposts you have gone through have ""restocked"", repairing the damage you have put it through, which can be a bit of a surprise when going through a base you've sabotaged completely only to discover they have power again.-Game requires a long-term investiture of time and effort to complete, even when rushing through things. The game also has a sizable portion of its significant, plot-important content hidden behind some Side Ops, hidden areas on your base that you may not even visit, and such.-The story is almost too large and encompassing, and due to the fallout between Hideo Kojima and Konami, that critical storyline plot points in the end were not completed in time, and judging from the deluxe boxed versions of the game (which had an extra CD containing extra videos of cut cutscenes) that there are arguements that the game is actually incomplete.-Controversial multiplayer FOB microtransaction execution, as well as shoddy server power to handle launch week. Whilst one can indeed earn the microtransaction-obtained MB Coins via the Daily Login Award, the amounts are questionably low as well as getting it is difficult as it is due to the servers being spotty at the best of times, two weeks from launch.-Forced multiplayer FOB. It seems that the multiplayer portion of this game is forced upon no no matter the player's discretion, which can be seen as a detriment to solo-play enthusiasts. On top of this, multiplayer FOB ""raiding"" mechanics are obfuscated and confusing to newcomers, which does not help dissuade the percieved difficulty cliff and skill gap between those who actively play FOB multiplayer, and those who are just trying to play the singleplayer portion of the game without losing men or resources. FOB's past the first one given to you by the game are also exorbitantly expensive, which in itself is bad enough given microtransactions in a full-price game."
,Recommended,287700,17840518,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Sushi Cat,"NOTE: If your game is freezing at the start of chapter one, it's a codec issue, check the forum discussions for ""Chapter one wont load"".Now, onto the review.Phenomenal game. I've never played a Metal Gear Solid game before (I've played Revengeance but that's the black sheep of the series) and while I still have no idea what the hell was going on in the prologue, everything so far has been phenomenal, and not understanding the previous stories hasn't made the game any less fun."
,Recommended,287700,17918228,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Merishya292⛧Sleeping,"It has finally come, tha game you have all been waiting for. Oh.. you haven't? GTFO PLZ.Nah, stay and listen, this game is an open-world experience, spanning multiple areas across the globe on a mission to find out who destroyed your floating country and your people to take revenge as you rebuilt your empire.Big Boss has returned on a quest for revenge with amazing gameplay, graphics, deep story and hours of entertainment.-----Positives:Gameplay mechanics are top-notch, sneaking, raiding, driving, sliding, crawling, aiming, climbing... it's all there.Graphics are amazing, texture quality is high, effects from both sand, rain and blood is visible in a realistic way.Story is just as deep as the other Metal Gear Solid games so far, spoken more in-game than hour-long cutscenes.Variety is massive, you chose how you do your objective. Sneaky or Rampage? On foot or by Car? Air support?You can visually customize Mother Base, Vehicles and your personal Emblem. and Functionally change weapons too!Music can be imported and played over the iDroid in-game! it will auto-mute when you get messages!-----Negatives:The menus do not have mouse support, but this is only needed if you're absolutely nitpicking for a negative.The Options menu for sound is very... VERY... Limited. But the audio in the game is perfect.-----Inbetweens:Driving mechanics are good, but a bit slidy and gravity-defying at times. Not sure if this is negative or not, it works.Development and Unlocks, just as well as base expansion, might feel slow as hell, but this helps up the gametime.-----My overall judgement says 10/10. This also includes nitpicking the mouse in the menus because that's just it, nitpicking."
,Recommended,287700,19944936,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,CrispyFerns,A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME
,Recommended,287700,19371004,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Artemis_Phoenix,"You are Punished Snake in a game that takes place 10 years after the events of last year's Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes, when Boss infiltrated a base to rescue two people and endured an event of epicly shocking proportions. He's out of the hospital now, and with that event as a backdrop, Punished Snake and a mentor set out to change the world and exact a level of vengeance by forming their own independent military outfit.As a huge fan of the Metal Gear Solid series, this game has hit a high number for me. Fun to play side missions for hours straight."
76561198040156925,Recommended,287700,19969295,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Chemo,My rig:AMD Athlon 64x2 Dual Core 4800+ 2.50GHz4gb ramNvidia Geforce gt 620 1gb vramPlaying it on low only the model and textures on high and getting 30fps. I am really impressed.10/10 Great optimization for a great game.
,Recommended,287700,20426730,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mörtsyn,"The Phantom Painis a pretty special game. While undoubtley very polished gameplay wise, there's definitely something missing there story wise. Arguably, it has the weakest story out of allMetal Gear Solidgames by Hideo Kojima. Not necessarily bad, but definitely a step down from the other games. WhileMetal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriotshad too much literal fanservice for its own good, it at least did feel like a proper conclusion to the overall story. Is this a case of Konami meddling, forcing Kojima to remove a lot of story sections in order to release the game on September 1st? Or is this Kojima's way of taking in the ""constant cutscenes"" feedback? Who knows? We may never know, or at least not for a very long time.But despite the hiccups with the story, the gameplay is nothing short of excellent. While the missions can be fairly repetitive, especially the side-ops, the overall feel of the game is extra ordinary, and a huge step-up from the other games in the franchise. The amount of ways you can do the missions, and the amount of personal restrictions you can put onto yourself is simply overwhelming. It's extremely fun to experiment new ways of playing and discovering new ways to complete a mission. Building your base isn't too different from the way you did it inPeace Walker, but there are a few tweaks that overall makes it a more fully fleshed-out system.Though one has to wonder if this is reallyMetal Gear Solid 5. While Kojima has pronounced the title as five, to him, it's in actualityV. Because despiteThe Phantom Pain(together withGround Zeroes) andPeace Walkerbeing continuations of Big Boss's story that started inMetal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, just like the safe-to-say spin-offPortable Ops, none of them are in fact numbered, signaling that the main series really did end withGuns of the Patriots, and everything else are just supplementary materials. None of these three games were ever really necessary stories that needed to be told, asMGS 4did end every single plotline fromMGS 1-3. And truth be told,MGS 3is the only story in Big Boss's life that's important to the overall story of the series; While it did not show us how he became the villain, it did show us the start of his descent as a hero.As for the controversial endingI was initially against it, primarily due to one of the reasons why I was so hyped for this game was exactly because I wanted to see Big Boss turn into the Big Bad. After following him throughSnake Eater,Portable Ops,Peace Walker, andGround Zeroes, naturally I wanted to seethemoment the transformation really happened.But after thinking about it, it was actually apretty goodfarewell from Kojima to his fans, as we are Venom, and he is Big Boss. We built this series together, and it will never be over as long as we continue to play the games.So story wise, I have my problems with it. But meta wise, much likeMetal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty, it's an amazing message from the developer to the player. Still, one could argue that Big Boss's actions in this game, despite not being there, are indeed very villainous and hypocritical to his own beliefs, 10-20 years ago.Either way, having been a fan of this series for almost 15 years, I can safetly say thatThe Phantom Paindoes offer some form of closure, not as a story, but to me as aplayerof this legendary saga that will never die.Here's to you, Kojima. I don't regret playing any of your games,The Phantom Painincluded."
,Recommended,287700,17865441,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mr Raccoon,"very awesome game played 6.6 hours straight and only 3% done lol, this deff one of the best games of the year, Hideo Kojima out did himself, very dark mgs game, bloody too. i give this game for outstanding performance, runs smooth graphics are decent story is good, the history between ocelot and snake, the many ways u can go about a misson, this game is a 10/10 for me. nothing but the best."
,Recommended,287700,25250527,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,metman98uk,"tbh it's the best game on my steam library and it's REALLY well optimised, even i can run it on max 60fps! The online is sorta dead though xd."
,Recommended,287700,23008773,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Suriize1g,GOTY 2K15!10/10 - A Hideo Kojima Game
,Not Recommended,287700,26902516,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ＣＲＡＣＫＹ大班,"Neutral OpinionAt the time of this review, Steam still has not implemented a ""neutral"" review feature.  Therefore, I will be not recommending until they do so.MGS5: Phantom Pain tells a story about a frustrated, development team as they try to complete a piece of software.  The director is a torn man who finds himself in the middle of a tug-of-war match between Konami Executives and his ambitions.  He strives to grow and orchestrate his team of skilled professionals to create a masterpiece.  Along the way, his works and dreams are subverted and manipulated by corporate executives to maximize their own agendas (profits).  In the end, the hero's vision is incomplete; his masterpiece does not reach the level of grandeur he originally wanted.  Behind the scene friendships were likely ruined.  Business relationships are severed and his studio goes rogue.MGS5 is a weird MGS game:+ Open world allows for doing a variety of missions at the player's choosing.- Open world is barren of any life outside of the mission areas.+ Online fighting mode allowing for players to conduct motherbase raids.- Many online features locked behind micro-transaction paywall.+ Variety of weapons and gadgets to employ.- Top tier weapons require utilizing of online motherbase wars, which require micro transactions.+ Story is ((((deep)))) has plenty of plot twists.- Biggest plot twist is the game is incomplete.- Afghanistan is a♥♥♥♥♥♥hole.  Please stop making games set there.  It has always been a♥♥♥♥♥♥hole and will always been a♥♥♥♥♥♥hole.+ Listen to a small handful of classic 80's pop songs.- Money that was spent acquiring the licenses from major record companies could have been used to hire a few composers to create their own, original songs.  New things are nice.+ Metal Gear Online is back with a handful of fun maps!- Don't forget to buy all the silly costumes and gear with your credit caaaaaaaaaard+ Weird, spooky abilities to culturally enrich the gameplay experience.- Japanese are incapable of abbreviating words.  Inu Yasha effect- get used to hearing ""vocal cord parasites"" over and over and over and over again.  I muted my David Clark aviation headphones every time the Indian guy started talking.  Jesus Christ, just call them VCP or “parasites”.+/- Big Government is evil storyline.  No♥♥♥♥♥♥_____Summary:Incomplete experience that feels more like Kojima and his dev team venting years of frustration.  It was fun but… no urge to go back and replay.  Really wish Steam would allow neutral reviews."
,Recommended,287700,23251988,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,DE_BLANK,WOAH HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,287700,17922091,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Monocle,"No game has ever made me feel so many conflicting emotions. On one hand it is one of, if not the greatest game I have ever played. It easily raises the bar not just for stealth games, but all action games. On the other hand I am very disappointed. It starts off so strong, but ends feeling unfinished. About halfway through it starts teasing you with more, but never delivers and ends with one of the most questionable gameplay decisions I have ever seen by actually taking away content for beating the game. I highly recommend the game, but part of me is angry and sad for what could of been."
,Recommended,287700,17836038,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Tbone,BORN TO BE WILD-David Bowie and The Doors
,Recommended,287700,26106061,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Tiger Weeds,"This game is 9/10, 9 because I wish it never ends. The idea of gathering resources and strengthen your own base is what this sandbox game shines. It's what makes a sandbox game fun while gives you a purpose, unlike many other sandbox game where too much freedom means getting boring quickly. I also like how you can customize every aspect of your character before you deployed into battlefield (including weapons, outfit, items, vehicles, buddy. You can even make your own weapon and customize your vehicles).  I'd recommend this game to anyone who is interested in military artstyle portrayed by Japanese, cold war era equipment or just freeroam games.P.S this game has very realistic graphic thanks to FOX engine, while the performance is great even if your PC is not maxed out. I can't say for others but I can run the game smoothly since its very well-optimized."
,Recommended,287700,21893157,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,DasSnippySnip,A Hideo Kojima game
,Recommended,287700,20903055,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Fork Chan,good.
76561198086882637,Recommended,287700,29082084,Posted: 7 January,all,CargoPantsGuy,I hate anime.Yet here I am. Playing what is basically anime.GG Kojima.G-♥♥♥♥ing-G.
,Recommended,287700,17848908,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Punished Death Robot,Game of the Century
,Recommended,287700,17892248,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sticky,The game is pretty Solid.
,Not Recommended,287700,18077875,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,[HCU] Marauder Shields,"This game is terrible, point form on why.-Cons- Side Ops are exactly the same as regular missions.- Gameplay is extremely repetitive and you don't need to play any other way to beat mission.- Missions in chapter two are literally replaying old missions that you have already completed adding nothing.- Gathering resources and upgrading your base (which only works in game time) feels like a chore.- Online multiplayer has no VAC or anti-cheat system so you can cheat and win PVP.- Micro transactions, selling the prologue to this game for forty dollars on release, cutting the ending to Phantom Pain.- Story is terrible because the prologue is cut out and the ending is cut out only get middle of story.-Pros- Game is fun for a few hours at most before becoming repetitive.- Some gameplay elements such as guards adapting, weather system and stealth feel good.- PC Port, wants you to use controller in settings etc but still runs very well on PC.This is just my observations and feelings on this particular title, If you played Metal Gear Solid Ground Zeros for more than two hours then you will probably like this game as well. If you are a new comer to the series I would steer clear."
,Not Recommended,287700,18026844,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Suparockr,"Around 13 hours into the game, I did write a genuine thoughts on my review of the game.  I'm now 40+ more hours under my belt, and I have to reconsider my review.Metal Gear Solid V broke my heart.The first mission, where you go through the hospital, was the last time I felt like I was playing a Metal Gear Solid game.  You get introduced to the enemies, the supernatural threats, and absurdly heavy cinematography in a linear stealth experience.  Of course, the gameplay didn't have the ""tactical freedom"" that's currently being advertised in the blurb for the game, but it was still fun and tense.Then we get introduced to Mother Base, a culmination of what I'm ♥♥♥♥ing sick of in gaming.  The platforms are absurdly spaced from each other because rendering.  I get that this is a memory concern, but I'd just rather have everything clumped into buildings, instead of a giant open platform.  You have a bunch of inferior soldiers who get to go on fun missions like blowing up supplies or defending a bunch of wimpy losers.  I don't want my followers to do the missions for me, why can't it just be an option to use them instead?  Furthermore, the supporting characters are nowhere to be seen (if you can find Ocelot or Kaz anywhere on the deck outside of a cutscene, I never found it).  You basically go there to take a shower and go back on your chopper.The Open world stealth was almost good.  Ignoring the game breaking buddies, the stealth zones are largely worse Camp Omegas from Ground Zeroes.  It's all outside in ♥♥♥♥♥♥ environments with the only reason to go inside are for collectibles for useless♥♥♥♥♥♥that, let's be honest, you don't use.  The game's marking system is remarkably similar to Far Cry 3.  The system is unique to MGSV, as the other games either had you using the soliton radar, your solid eye detecting sound patterns, or, absolutely nothing.  Marking is cool, but it feels out of place.  Most of the guns and gadgets suck, and the ones that are cool inhibit your rank.  Like with the previous 10 years of the series, stick to the tranq gun, unless the bad guys start packing helmets and riot shields.  In which case lie down, try not to cry, and cry a lot.This is the worst story I've seen in a Metal Gear Solid game.  It ♥♥♥♥s around for 19 missions, we get plot, and then the game ends in 31 missions.  I can count the amount of cutscenes on one hand.  Codec calls are gone.  They were taken out back and shot like David Hayter's VO (Kiefer does a good job, when he actually talks), supposedly a whole bunch of content, and Kojima's place in Konami. The main villain, Skull Face, has his whole plot revolve around he grew up speaking English.  I simplified it because I didn't want to spoil too much.  The metal gear of this game is somehow larger and more threatening than Excelsus, even though it's 30 years before that was created.  Actually, this metal gear made for a pretty fun boss fight of you waiting for your chopper to start blasting away on it while you don't die.  I liked this boss fight, I wish it wasn't one of two in the game.  The game, however, does tie up any and all loose ends you may have about the series (that couldn't be already explained).  You know, because even though Metal Gear Solid 4 did that, we had to do it again.Forward Operating Bases cost over 1000 MB coins to unlock, and I only had 85 after playing for 50+ hours.  Thank god I didn't like the system they had in place.  I don't like the idea of sending my soldiers and resources to get extracted.  Something comes up about disarming nukes or arming yourselves with nukes and becoming a demon.  I never played Metal Gear Solid for multiplayer, and I wish they didn't shove it down my throat this time.I heard about the game's reveal back so long ago I don't even remember.  I didn't want it then.  Of course, I just can't leave the collection of my favorite game series of all time incomplete.  Of course, the trailers and characters did enough to convince me that this game would be worth the 60$ (hell, I got Ground Zeroes for 5$ fully knowing even that wasn't a good value).  Was it worth 60$?  Well, the gameplay felt just shy of superb, and the story is almost irredeemable.  Something kept me going though.  However, I can't recommend this game to anybody.  Like I said, this game broke my heart in a Hideo-us way.Final Words: ""You're going to extract him?"""
76561198103487651,Not Recommended,287700,20531228,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,CMDR Shven,"This is the one time where I truly wish Steam had a neutral review option. I choose negative only because I am forced to pick one or the other, so I flipped a coin.This is the best terrible game I have ever played. Beautiful, masturfully directed and voice acted cutscenes interruped by pointless, arbitrary supernatural junk which contributes nothing to the advancement of the plot. Tight, amazingly realistic stealth infiltration mechanics punctuated by unnecessary, unexpected forced-combat missions where you blow up giant robots and fight super soldiers who summon rock missiles. Cutting edge, believable, cooperative enemy AI which, late game, ramps up into godlike awareness. A final act where actual story missions become locked behind repeating harder, cheaper versions of older story missions where you fail instantly at the slightest provocation, and where the game's idea of a checkpoint is ""the moment you stepped off the helicopter, and never again"".This is the first game in a long time that has actually dragged me in enough to make me want to play it for several hours at a time. And yet most of the time I stop playing because I have become disgusted with how grindy/cheap/frustrating something has become. I am grateful that I am not a professional reviewer because I would be horribly torn on what score to give this game. It is simultaneously the best game of 2015, hands down, and one of the most irritating gaming experiences I have had in years."
,Recommended,287700,18976813,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,yung maestro,Hideo Kojima meets monotonous Ubisoft open world
,Not Recommended,287700,21661592,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,pls,"Awesome gameplay but sadly it's unfinished. Thanks for runining the best Metal Gear Solid game, konami."
,Not Recommended,287700,20519126,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sawiz,"You know what, Konami? ♥♥♥♥ing blow me. I pre-order your game, expecting something at least as awesome as Metal Gear Solid 2, and this is what you give me? A third of the game is missing, what little of the story remaining is lackluster at best, you don't explain Eli's relationship with his father AT ALL (which is basically the only reason anyone bought this ♥♥♥♥ing game), and now this. Seriously, you take the ""beta"" offline (a beta for a service that has been online on consoles for months, by the way) because of a possible exploit where people can get MB coins without buying them (which you've been giving us a few free the whole time anyway, by the way). Meanwhile, hackers have taken over our FOB servers, ruining the gameplay. Clearly, you're only willing to take action if it cuts into your profit margins, because Hayakawa is a greedy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about his community in the slightest. Not to mention the way the FOB raids are insanely one-sided, making it basically impossible to invade an enemy base beyond a certain point. Listen to me, Hayakawa. This isn't a game. This is a ♥♥♥♥ing train wreck. I tried to like this game. I really did. I put 256 hours in, and 100%ed the game (including achievements). I even developed every single piece of ""offline"" equipment and a few pieces of online ones. This game is just awful. Every time you see some of that amazing Kojima creativity, Hayakawa rears his idiot head, and ♥♥♥♥♥ all over Konami's fans. Hayakawa should just make a press release admitting that he ♥♥♥♥ing hates his customers and doesn't have the slightest ♥♥♥♥ing clue how to run a business. Just move this game over to mobile like you've been threatening to do because you're an idiot, Hayakawa. Way to kill Konami. Finally, and I cannot stress this enough, ♥♥♥♥ YOU HAYAKAWA."
76561198047217107,Recommended,287700,18157876,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Frostleaf,"As a long term metal gear solid fan im happy to say that this is the best gameplay in the series yet !Its how we always wanted to play big boss and feel like a complete bad♥♥♥♥♥ giving us the tools  to complete the objectives in the way we want. there is zero handholding in this game its a complete sandbox and thats what i admire about it.but also i cant help but feel alittle dissapointed with its story since ive come to expect so much for the mgs storyline.when i beated the game i had mixed feelings, though i later came to accept it for what it was. its a great open world sandbox game rather than a metal gear solid game. dont take me wrong the kojima humor is still in the game and its great !but i woudnt recommend this game for the story but rather for the superb gameplay. you can spend countless hours completing missions in everyway you can think off and it just works.My big complaint now is that there is no proper hard mode or difficulty selection, like in ground zeroes.in *Chapter 2* the game gives you redone missions with certain traits to it, like completing a mission with zero equipement and extreme aware enemy AI. and i love this ! i just wish we could apply this to every mission we want.it would atleast double the time i spent with the game i dont understand why its not there, hopefully they will patch it in at somepoint.Multiplayer FOB: Though i think the mode is super interesting and awesome, i think it lacks longevity.The bases lose its appeal after awhile since they all look and are the same with few minor tweaks, like different enemy placements and turrets etc. Though its optional and its nice its there !I strongly recommend this game even if you never played any mgs game before it.the sandbox is superb its almost impossible 2 different people play the game in the same way and i love it for this reason.Though the story wasnt what i expected it to be, i can still say with confidence that this is the best metal gear in the series for its amazing gameplay.9.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,287700,17917037,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,The Unconventional Ugli Fruit,Snake is so badass that it is considered an honour to be punched by him.
76561197961583530,Recommended,287700,18305005,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mina,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom PainFirst i did not know know if i should get it. So many games before this one and this Big storyline let me thought if i get the hole story together.But after a good friend told me the Basics to know about it i tried it out and wow it is amazing.I would like to start with a list of Pros and Cons first:Pros:+ Great Grafik+ Wonderfull Storyline (even its sad on some parts and i was even crying a little)+ So much Content to master and to explore+ Great fast loading for an open World Game+ Alot of Easter Eggs (some i even get at first view)+ Alot of different Wappons (even if i do not use them)Cons:- The sound options are a little missing- The socond missions repeated themself to oftenAfter this game i can say i am a fan of the MGS Series and i hope i can try out the other games someday too.The atmosphere is amazing ,running arround in the middle of the night than a storm starts and i just stand still to enjoy the rain (crazy i know ).Event the sand storms i like, but they ruin some of my missions too.It took me more than 100 hours to finish the story line and it will take me another 100 to get some missions perfectly done because this game brings you to finish them again and again untill it get not better.During playing there were alot of sad moments and first i was a little angree. But in the end i think that was also a good part of the atmosphere because its a Wargame and loses are normal in a War.Another important point for me was that you can finish a mission with just shooting yourself threw the enemy or just stealth arround them, without killing anybody or even without useing your items one time. So after some missions i played it again just by trying to get threw it without beeing seen at all.Only the repeating of some second missions where you have to ""kill"" again and again the same kind of enemy really was to much and you feel like they just wanted to put more gaming time in.After i spoke with my friends about the story they told me they were missing alot of the old stories in it, so i maybe will change my thinking about the story later when i finish the other games (even if i do not really think that my opinion will change alot). Oh and before i forget it, like i said before the loading time this game has is amazing. I played alot of other open world games before like the Witcher 3 and Shadow of Morder. In MGS i was never thinking like oh no not again a loading screen and thats really amazing.My Conclusion:All in all this game makes nothing wrong.I have alot of fun with it and just the option that you can finish a mission without killing anyone is great i love it.If i have to choose again i would take again and again because you get alot of fun for your money.When you put away the small options problems and the repeating of some missions i give the game a great rating:10/10 - I will keep on playing it alot!After all these hours and finishing it i am still happy with it alot and would get it again."
76561198002475402,Not Recommended,287700,25617859,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Sun Riser,The content we lost... Won't stop hurting... You feel it too don't you? The phantom pain... It's sad really.
,Recommended,287700,28626371,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Drginix,The ♥♥♥♥ing ending was so good that it gave me crippling depression.
76561198170290279,Recommended,287700,34834182,Posted: 9 September,all,Pisang_Cheese,One of the best
76561198042186217,Recommended,287700,17960175,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Holder,"""Pretty Good""-Ocelot"
,Not Recommended,287700,21747567,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,albert,i eagerly wait to see how much konami can ♥♥♥♥ up metal gear even more after kojima threw it into the trash on his way out
,Recommended,287700,17934725,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,meanie,8/10how do I unlock mission 51
,Recommended,287700,17976001,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,John XENA,If you're on the verge... just get it. It's worth it and you'll love it
,Recommended,287700,18272847,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Marcelus,"Pros:- One of the best stealth games out there.- Replaying missions is most of the times a different experience. If the games is boring or repetitive is because you don't use all the tools you have.- Environments looks great. The weather system and day / night cycles changes the way you approach a base. The terrain has good use of vertical design. The FOX Engine works great on all next-gen platforms. I played the PS4 and this PC versions. Between both versions more than 200 hs. Still playing both for whiiiiiiiiiiiiilee!- The main advantage of this PC version is the lighting. Some shaders respond better to specular maps. The texture work between PS4 and PC at least looks kind of the same range. There're some critical closeups to textures like some Diamond Dogs logos and Quiet sniper riffle that looks awful on both. But aside that the game looks outstanding and runs great even on ""Borderless Fullscreen"" mode ;) It had some stuttering issues and problems with alpha maps of particles during day one but they are solved.- The game adapts to your gameplay style. It changes the experience every time you replay a mission.- Master Miller rules!- If you liked MGS Peace Walker this is a great evolution.- The buddies of course! D.D. Is Love! <3 Sometimes you'll think a buddy is OP but they have a few weakness for different play styles. For instance Quiet needs to be upgraded to have better ""penetration"" on soldiers armor. And as I mentioned above, the AI changes because of your play-style and the buddy you choose.- This last one is for the nostalgic ones....did you play Commandos series? or even Syphon Filter 2 / 3? Well you'll find some good missions here ;) (not to mention Splinter Cell fans and Far Cry lovers who also are OK with third person games)...Many mechanics are from those games.Cons:- Without spoilers....The game is flawless....but I will say...don't play it for the story, characters or even expecting boss fights. If you're not an MGS fan this will not be a problem. If you're you're don't expect much.- I didn't play MGO (Metal Gear Online) but this Steam version will make you wait until 2016.- There's no Co-Op if you're a Peace Walker fan. But it maybe would broke the game and the content regarding gameplay is vast so I don't think it's fair to take this last item seriously.***SPOILER SECTION***Take in mind that all this doesn't mean that the game don't worth buying or playing it. This are only comments for fanboys.STORY:- In previous MGS we had the Codec or the Radio on MGS3 SE. Now those conversations occurs mainly on the Cassette Tapes. They embrace those tapes a lot. There're good ones but...Even MGS Peace Walker had more drama. We miss that feedback during gameplay with interesting conversations. In MGSV they are mainly generic (when you press L1 / LB).- The rumors of cuted content aside that Mission 51 ""Kingdom of Fireflies"" on the Collectors Edition of the game. Is rumored that the game had Chapter 3 ""Peace"" and even two more chapters.- Anyways the ending would have been ""Truth: The Man Who Sold the World"". Which brings me to the ending. I'm not mad because Venom Snake is not Big Boss. It was so cheap and obvious to put that in the end of the game that the twist was not enjoyable as it could have been even at the beginning. The main problem with the ending is the repeated Prologue mission without being really clever or changing really the way you end up in that situation.- Even a DLC wouldn't solve the game that you don't feel achieving nothing in the story.- The Chapter 1 feels OK, but I felt at that moment I was only at the 10% of what fans expected in terms of story progression. Then you have the infamous Chapter 2 ""Race"".- The ""Revenge"" side of the plot was very soft and less dark than they promised. There even a few cuted  cutscenes that shows us Venom Snake walking in the aftermath of an airstrike (we suppose). That's opened to interpretation but we expected him to evolve. Even if not much people like ""SW Ep III The Revenge of the Sith"" I heard many butt-hurt fans, like me haha!, waiting for something like that or something more like a Walter White differences aside....Not to mention the Hearts of Darkness feel of ""Apocalypse Now""...Oh man!- There a few little plot holes like the Quiet language one. They could have been way better developed. Her appearance on Cyprus could have had flashbacks or a major twist.- There's no old characters fan service. I mean this is not MGS4 is OK. But we could have achieved the famous ""Missing Link"" Quote with some Frank Jaeger moments, him saving Naomi and meeting this Venom Snake telling us that Portable Ops was or wasn't canon. Sniper Wolf meeting him...or maybe other MGS characters that meets the timeline.- I accept the story as it is now. But one of my major  was not to bring a character not included on the trailers, at least ONE, like Para Medic and her or him to represent Cipher's will during Zero's coma. We all knew about the patriots. It could have been way darker. Even including a final last environment maybe on a snowy place to  take advantage of the FOX Engine...that was just a silly desire (but Cipher was nothing but a few tapes....good ones but depressing).- Talking about depressing Silent Hillish moments...the final cutscene from the Paz side-quest. Not only this but most of the game felt meaning less after revealing the supposedly twist at the end. Meeting with Eli could have been interesting if we knew...I'm for sure 100% not your father or even trying to analyse what's on Ocelot's and Kaz minds and what they hide or expect of this situation.- Miller was OK!- Ocelot is an amazing character. He always had good twists. We knew how Kaz would end during Shadow Moses on his apartment dead at his hands...and that last conversation was nice but...We expected Ocelot to has his ""Ocelot Moment"" even against YOU.- OK...and lastly...talking about Venom. David Hayer thing aside. Kiefer has a nice voice it fits...but they could have done something similar with less budget to give Venom personality and development. Even Raiden rejects his dog tag ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the 4th wall. This is a cliche nowadays. All people talks about that and yes...is justified. But nothings sucks more than play as yourself in a franchise with 28 years and strong main characters. Oh...that that hipnotherapy for the medic was cheap...then ""Les Efants Terribles"" would mean anything against a Medic's Army haha!BOSS FIGHTS:R.I.P. FOX HOUND, Dead Cell, B&B, Cobra Unity, GRU etc...One of the crucial flaws for MGS fans was the lack of iconic Boss Fights. Yes, they din't hinted this they said clearly before release that ""they're not traditional boss fights"". Some of the encounters at the Honey Bee mission, and Elis fight were cool. That last one with his resemblances to MGS if you confront him. I loved the ""Lady SKULLS""...yes I love the Universal Soldier G.I.Joe Sci-Fi thing xD- Sahelantropus was easy as hell...beautiful but easy...- The SKULLS were mainly the same thing.- What about the squads like Rogue Coyote or XOF...they needed big personalities or weapons like bombs, and tactis involved with story twists inside.- The Man On Fire needed a life or death last encounter not a depressing one as the mission your recover his body.- Tretij Rebenok (Little Mantis as we call but we don't know) deserved a twisted boss fight. Maybe including kids possed on different environments...- Quiet was a nice pseudo-boss stage but it didn't have any antipation...or hint before.There were so many possibilities for bosses not shown on trailers related to Skull Face, Cipher or even a different third force.Not much more to say. I loved the game, some great moments as Mission 43 for sure.But this makes us learn to not be fanboys. This ends this era of old franchises.Goodbye Castlevania, Silent Hill and now MGS. We'll always have the old ones for the nostalgia ;)"
,Recommended,287700,18154518,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,hitch,Best game ever made.
76561198064514167,Recommended,287700,17923025,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,TweeKestrel,"Prologue was too long 10/10Nominated for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award."
,Recommended,287700,32304617,Posted: 9 June,all,Serpy Serperior,Funni skeleton man says whoooo
,Recommended,287700,18081981,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,alarcao.,Such a lust for cut content!
,Not Recommended,287700,24341876,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Fred Fuchs,"MGSV has the best gameplay of any mgs game but why it's the worst in the series for me is the story, the terrible "" bosses "", the lame twist, the lack of atmosphere, and because there is not enough variety to take advantage of how advanced you can be. There is like 1 real indoor location in the entire game with 3 guards inside of it and that's why Ground Zeroes will always be superior to MGSV.In regards to Ground Zeroes I guarantee the reason it was sold as a "" demo "" and not a part of the original game was because Konami were getting annoyed the game wasn't finished so they decided to release that as a way to generate some revenue and buy some time to ""finish""  the game to some degree of quality that "" we "" expected from the game that had the potential to be the greatest game ever made.The Sonar ability was useless the entire game and I've always thought if it were that indoor locations would be too difficult or something because there is no radar, that would be a perfect use for it if I've ever seen one. "" How would you use buddies inside? "" I don't see a reason why DD couldn't follow you, and I guess Quiet would just have to wait outside like she does now.I dunno the game is just a huge piece of wasted potential. On a second playthough I still don't know if I should recommend this or not, it has it's moments but ultimately falls flat.Like so many have said before if feeling your own Phantom Pain was the point, they sure nailed it."
,Recommended,287700,18495054,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mr. Sir Shpee,"tl;dr incredible gameplay and is a must-have if you like stealth or third-person shooters. Story is a bit of a letdown but has its moments. 9.5/10 one of my favorite gamesI'm a newcomer to Metal Gear. I played Ground Zeroes on Steam and fell in love with the gameplay. I dedicated the time to catch up on the saga just for this game. Was it worth it?On the gameplay side of things,MGSV:TPP is an open-world third-person stealth/action title. It's arguably the best stealth game and best third-person shooter ever made. MGSV mostly feels natural with a mouse and keyboard, thankfully. There's an absolutely absurd amount of options in your tactical approach. Want to go clear out camps with a silenced 9mm pistol? You can do that. Pick off foes from afar with your semi-automatic tranquilizer sniper rifle. Also doable. Guns blazing with LMGs and heavy armor? Yes sir. Would you like to play as a ghost and interact with your enemies as little as possible? This is one of the deepest stealth games you'll ever find. You can deploy with numerous buddies such as a support sniper, an attack dog, a horse, and a small mech you can control. All of them have their unique uses.Also, you have a base you can visit and build that will assist in your operations. By using nonlethal methods in the field, you can bring enemy soldiers to work for you. After a certain point in the game you make a second base, a Forward Operating Base that holds soldiers and materials. FOBs can be invaded and defended, akin to the system present in Watch Dogs or Dark Souls.The story is not near what it could have been. That being said, it has its moments that (in my opinion) make up for it, like Missions0, 18, 20, 28, 29, 30, 31, 43, 45, 46. However, it didn't live up to the other titles in the series like MGS3. Do I regret playing the story? Absolutely not. It's still an above average narrative, just not a good one by MGS standards and it leaves you asking a lot of questions.The PC port is incredibly well optimized. Many issues from Ground Zeroes were fixed, but there is still no mouse support in menus. WASD+LMB works surprisingly well in this case. The biggest issue with the port may be the lack of audio options but that's not a huge concern to me.The Phantom Pain is unquestionably one of my favorite games ever made. It's up there with Ocarina of Time, Mario and Luigi: Superstar Saga, Dishonored, Team Fortress 2, and Half-Life 2. I love this game to bits. The gameplay and wacky tactics more than make up for the somewhat disappointing narrative. It was most definitely worth catching up on the entire saga for.9.5/10, is a must own for any fan of stealth games or third-person action. Top notch gameplay and incredible presentation. Well worth the wait for me. Do yourself a favor and buy this game if any of this sounds good to you.And don't forget; Metal Gear Online (the PvP) is coming in January, so we have that to look forward to if anticheat is implemented."
,Recommended,287700,18092281,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,The Implication,"I won't say much, but as a huge fan of the series, I was seveirly dissapointed storywise. It's a shame to see the series go out with an incomplete story. But gameplaywise, it's fantastic and is a good start for people looking to get into the series and will keep you going for hours on end. It's ♥♥♥♥ing addicting gameplaywise. So I'd say buy it, but if you're expecting this game to be the game that bridges the gap between Peace Walker and Metal Gear 1, you're gonna be really dissapointed."
,Recommended,287700,17906371,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Enya's Dirty Pantaloons,Military Logistics Simulator 201511/10 would scroll through menus for days again
,Recommended,287700,17835172,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Wild-AnnaSparks,"Well it's finally here, the game we've all been waiting for. A true Hideo Kojima masterpiece.First we have an amazing Fox engine which is very well optimized and runs silky smooth (at least on my rig) and even on max settings the game environment and lightning/weather effects are just plain beautiful.You will be immersed in the game and you will be pleasantly surprised by amount of base and weapons/equipment customizations and of course the amount of main and side missions that is available right now.The game lets you choose your own path when playing/starting a misson, you can always strategize and go in stealthy or you can go in guns blazing with air support covering your back, it's up to you really...The only thing that could bother a lot of PC players is the obvious support for controllers in the game and lack of it for Kb/M, it can be used to and it is a learning curve so be patient please.Controller/M&Kb switching in the game options would be awesome. Also I would be really pleased and happy if they would add a mouse cursor option to use when in the menus and bindable mouse thumb buttons among many other things but I am sure that devs will add these features as well as many other options/tweaks in the upcoming patches and that game will become even more interesting and with these fixes it will attract more players into this already dedicated and friendly community.And of course...A Hideo Kojima Game."
,Recommended,287700,29131214,Posted: 8 January,all,mondorad,You don't know the awesomeness of a puppy's paws?
,Recommended,287700,22652185,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Bruce Lee124512,"Steam get your crap together and make a mixed review button already. Good game, bad multiplayer connection. If this had real servers the game wouldn't be dead already. That being said the game is so fun in FOB missions and single player, side ops is a bit of doing the same thing but if you try different things rather than just trying to get it over with it is fun."
,Recommended,287700,17858840,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Balloon Head,"If this is truly the final game to the series, then Kojima ended it in the best way possible.The immersive atmosphere around, the mechanics of stealth, the weather enviroments, the tight controls, etc.You'll get so into the game, you'll feel like you are actually in it.Kojima has always brought great memories to me from the Metal Gear series.Ground Zeroes might've actually be a demo to some, but to me it was the prologue to (In my opinion) a best game i have ever played to be Game Of The Year.I salute to you, Kojima."
,Recommended,287700,17960734,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,RIO,Don't play this if you've never played Metal Gear before.
,Recommended,287700,17839086,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Hayden,"Why are we still here? Just to suffer?Every night, I can feel my leg, my arm, even my fingers.The body I've lost...the comrades I've lost, won't stop hurting. It's like they're all still there.You feel it too, don't you?I'm gonna' make 'em give back our past."
,Recommended,287700,17841518,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,GRIMM11,"Here it is, what we've all been waiting for...PROs:-Fluid controls-Great optimization-Amazing customization options-Freedom in all aspectsCONs:-No 21:9-Time feels to go by too fast ( at motherbase I could litterally see shadows move, like in a ticking motion as seconds went by)SUMMARY:All in all a great game you will get sucked into. So much to do, so much to unlock, so much tactical freedom."
,Recommended,287700,17837271,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,fu_king98,"This shall be a prime example that videogames are more than a kiddy hobby,it's an art form,and this game is that,an art form.With pride and honor...A Hideo Kojima Game.10/10"
,Recommended,287700,26460658,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Gnoodle Boi,this game has guns in it
,Recommended,287700,17854319,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,QuiZNo,A Hideo Kojima Game
76561198119567781,Recommended,287700,17952255,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Onion Sucker,This game is amazing but the story is half done.
,Recommended,287700,17833529,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,GuiltyKarma,"at this point, I've been playing for 11 hours. and I can't seem to stop.I love this game way to much.You know those games that people don't shut up about and then you play them and the hype train wasn't there?This isn't one of them.this game is glorious.I only have one complaint.Theres a little sub mission you do on mother base, it's like target practice. and it's annoying. you have like 3-4 minutes to hit 35 targets placed all over the base. with no indicator as to where. so you'll become frustrated quickly.It did not help that you have to assassins creed yourself to the top of the base by climbing pipes and stuff just to start this mission, so if you fail, you have to climb ALL the way back up again.oh well.Had the helicopter drop me off while blaring the flight of the valkyries to lower enemy morale.I was also killed by my own supply drop landing on my head.I also accidentally killed a mission critical hostage by popping the fulton balloon.I made up for this by tranqing a bear and sending him to mother base.Just like the last few games, you kidnap people and make them work for you...or else.10/10 stockholm simulator 2015 Goty"
,Recommended,287700,17951541,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Age,"Such a lust to fulton everything - The Game.Just dont handi-cap yourself and be open minded and you'll enjoy this beautiful game that's unfortunately not-finished, also be slow and develop as much everything you can get before end-game parts."
,Recommended,287700,28871284,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Galahad,Nice at Graphics and Outstanding story line!!
,Recommended,287700,20829205,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TrunDurPalace,Boob Simulator 2015 or 2016... Awesome!!!
76561198044096518,Recommended,287700,17859099,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mr. Thumpster,Metal Gear Kojima V: The Konami PainA Hideo Phantom Game.2/10
76561198059177650,Recommended,287700,33132354,Posted: 2 July,all,Sweens,"big boss and his boys get back in the game for one last heist, but one thing stops them from getting the phantom pain: Quiets boobs. seriously how"
,Recommended,287700,17965188,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,ForscythBrazilliance,"This game is great. My only real complaint is how, to put it in the least spoilery way possible, the main storyline ends, but then more story stuff happens. You just have to experience it for yourself to get what I mean. But otherwise, the gameplay is superb, the story is great, the graphics are fantastic, the characters are great, even the mute chick in a bikini is still a good character. Overall, this game is a great ride.HOWEVERBefore you pass judgement on this game after the ending, don't. Give yourself a few days to think the whole thing over, because this game's ending is a lot like MGS2's, in the fact that you have to think about it to really make sense of the whole thing."
76561198090053674,Recommended,287700,32321880,Posted: 10 June,all,Sovaso,Freaking PERFECT!10 Fultons / 10 Sheeps
,Recommended,287700,33189320,Posted: 3 July,all,TorgBot,"Metal Gear Solid V started strong but ended way too early.Please note that this review will have spoilers.Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain (MGSV: TPP) is set 9 years after the events of Ground Zeros where you've been in a coma and your base has been destroyed by an unknown strike force going by the name of ""XOF"" during the events of Ground Zeroes. With your left arm replaced by a prothestic arm and shrapnel stuck to your head, you sought to seek revenge against the force who destroyed your base.MGSV: TPP is the true release of Metal Gear Solid V while Ground Zeroes serves as a prologue and a tech demo to generate even more hype for MGSV: TPP while it was being developed and boy did Hideo Kojima hit it out of the park......except that it barely went over the fence.Gameplay wise, it's fun as all hell being an open world title but with that comes with my personal gripe with MGSV: TPP which was that it doesn't seem like a true Metal Gear Solid title anymore as stealth is essentially downgraded from essential to an option which unfortunately, with the freedom of choice being common place in open world titles, it was bound to happen (not that I was good at stealth in the first place). Call me a purist but Metal Gear Solid was always meant to be a Stealth Action title with giant mechs capable of delivering a nucleur payload from anywhere in the world and to see that stealth now is non-essential now and that you could essentially go in guns blazing without too much difficulty is frankly very uncomfortable in my opinion.Like Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker, you can Fulton extract enemy soldiers provided that you neutralised them non-lethaly which beats the hell out of dragging them back to the truck or a cardboard box in Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops and like any other Metal Gear Solid game, the stealth mechanics are solid as always and it's pretty hard if you're a newcomer to the Metal Gear Solid franchise as you crawl, subdue and wait out the Alert Phase by smoking a Phantom Cigar when you messed up and got spotted by a wandering enemy soldier who just so happened to be looking at your direction.Which, I LOVE the AI in this game as there is a revenge system which occurs when you've been completing missions using a specific strategy. The AI will counter said strategy e.g. enemy soldiers will now wear Night Vision Goggles when you've been completing missions in the night, which effectively makes you change up your playstyle and do something different to outsmart the enemy instead of letting you finish the gmae with a cheese strat.Additionally, you can deploy a platoon of your men to sabotage warehouses maunfacturing Night Vision Googles and the likes to make your life a little bit easier when you're infiltrating enemy outposts and bases at night.In addition, as with any other Metal Gear Solid game, you'd learn something new every day like for example, if you have a speaker upgrade for your iDroid, you could put your enemies in your vicinity to sleep or immediately cancle the alert phase though they are of one time usage. In addition, you can leave the Hot Zone immediately by getting on top of a shipping container and Fulton Extracting said container though you'd require a certain upgrade in order to do so.Upgrading your equipment and base in this game is fairly standard with your equipment tiers and what not though I would've preferred them to be in real time instead of based on play time like upgrading your Forward Operating Bases.For Metal Gear Online, the gameplay's great, the mechanics and the gamemodes feel solid though the playerbase is small as I could only find up to 2 servers whenever I got into Metal Gear Online.Like Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker, there are side quests called ""Side-Ops"" which you can complete for better staff, in-game currency, plants or materials.Plus, there are companions who will join you in missions and each have different uses like for example, D-Horse (your first companion) helps get you to objectives quicker and you could have him defacate out in the open when your bond level with him is sufficent.The game is pretty and the models are detailed while there are some scenes where by at some parts, you can see jagged lines when there is a close up of yourself though this is higly ancedotal at best. In fact, (slight spoilers) the play areas for each map are large though not on the scale of Los Santos in Grand Theft Auto V.Voice Acting wise, while I'm disappointed that David Hayter didn't reprise his role as Snake, the Voice Acting in MGSV: TPP is great and I have no problems with Kiefer Sutherland who manages to capture the grittiness and roughness of Snake while he performend in this game.The soundtrack in the game is good but not exactly great unless you count the 80s music that feature classics like ""Take On Me"", ""You Spin Me Round"" and the Midge Ure cover of ""The Man Who Sold The World"" which, I prefer more than David Bowie.Oh and who could forget about the cheeky easter eggs in this game. I will not spoil it for you but here's a tip: play this game on your birthday.Unfortunately, this is where the con arises.Chapter 1 was great, it hit the ball out of the park but unfortunately, it fell just short going over the fence with Chapter 2 where by majority of the missions are rehashes of Chapter 1 missions with a general difficulty ramp-up in addition to the overall rushed development of the game story wise as the ending just felt so rushed which word on the street says that Konami decided to ship the game before Kojima could even finish writing the complete story of MGSV: TPP.Fortunately, you could just do Side Ops to unlock more missions and such if you decide to not play harder variants of Chapter 1 missions.Overall, while a playthough of Peace Walker and Ground Zeroes is all you need to comprehend the events during your playthough of The Phantom Pain, it is not required as the game have audio tapes which serves as a recap of what's going on in The Phantom Pain.In conclusion, I give this game a 9/10. Even though the later part of the story was rushed, the game is still fun and the first half of the game is amazing, whether you're a veteren or a new-comer to the Metal Gear franchise, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,287700,25091726,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,DIΛMOND,Masterpiece.Good from all points of view.
,Recommended,287700,24434998,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Foska,"Jogo absurdo de bom, melhor stealth de todos os tempos, modo freeroam é excelente e é o unico jogo singleplayer que eu passei de 100 horas nos ultimos sei lá, 5 anos?"
76561198063546907,Recommended,287700,27739364,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,С.Т.А.Л.К.Е.Р.,"This game is truly a next-gen game.The possibilities you have are just immense and will leave you stunned sometimes.The story is kind of meh, Metal Gear veterans will know what I mean. It just lacks something.But all in all, it is probably one of the best games I ever played."
76561198063158068,Recommended,287700,32359866,Posted: 12 June,all,Nazakur,"This game is great. The gameplay, the deep item development, the characters, are all very well done.  There is enough content in this game to last you well over a hundred hours. While I do recommend this game, there are 2 very problematic parts to this game that drive me up the wall.1. After you beat chapter 1, many of the missions in chapter 2 are just repeats of earlier missions on harder difficulty. I believe that this had something to do with Hideo Kojima separating from the company partway through development, but it seems like lazy design to make you mandatorily repeat earlier missions.2.  This game stores large percentages of your single player resources online. The servers are often down for maintenance, thus making it impossible to play the game. Allow me to explain. Using certain weapons requires you to have, say, 68 of a type of plant. While you play and collect that plant, it is stored online. Servers go down for maintenance, you lose access to said plant, you cannot use your usual weapon loadout. It gets even worse with money. You can literally go into debt because 140% of your income is stored online...HOW DOES THIS EVEN MAKE SENSE???Great game, highly questionable execution."
,Recommended,287700,23353588,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,jordanduc,"I waited quite a while after initally purchasing the game before I played much of it, I've only just found out now this game was worth so much more of my time and devotion than the months that have passed since..  Very intruiging story to say the least, its quite confusing for me, and I usually take pride in knowing the ins and outs of story rich games wanting to learn about all the things you could afford to miss.. So if you wanted something a little mysterious, its great at that aspect.I wont say much else rather than I'm really enjoying the game and figured it earnt my 2c for a recommendation."
,Recommended,287700,26868427,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sheriff,"This game contain three chaptersChapter 1 RevengeChapter 2 RaceChapter 3 PeaceＢｕｔ Ｐｅａｃｅ Ｄａｙ ｎｅｖｅｒ ｃａｍｅ-----------After Credits Scene---------------Ｙｏｕ ｆｅｅｌ ｉｔ ｔｏｏ, ｄｏｎ'ｔ ｙｏｕ?Ｔｈｅ Ｐｈａｎｔｏｍ ＰａｉｎW O O O O A A A A H H H H H H H H HH O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O  O O O O O O O O O O O O O O  O O﻿"
,Recommended,287700,31237059,Posted: 19 April,all,Bad Mind,"Compared to Ground Zeroes, this game is pure gold.A very nice, interesting and fun stealth game, a solid step forward to the MGS franchise.The only thing I complain is the ""gotta listen them all"" with tapes, I think they have exaggerated with that.. but overall this game is very good.PROS- Solid and vast gameplay, you really can finish a mission how you want (however S grade requires you to play in a certain way)- 60 FPS- Good graphic- Longevity is good- Many side quests and unlockablesCONS- ""Sniffing guards' syndrome"": if you're hidden somewhere guards usually don't look/go at, be prepared to see them arrive there because of some sixth sense BS, so you may be wonder how and why guards decided to go there- Tapes- It may requires a little bit of farming here and thereI recommend this game, especially considering its price during sales with all DLCs included.P.S do not play Metal Gear Online, it's the farthest thing from a Metal Gear game I've ever seen."
,Recommended,287700,17858313,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Mushi,It's p.good.
,Recommended,287700,17849696,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,John the Redeemer,"I've played 5 hours of this game so far and I'm loving it!The intro was spectacular and really made me feel something, which few games have. It was surprisingly long (took me about an hour), but totally worth it.I've completed only the first few batches of missions and collected D-Dog (he's still a pup), and a side-op. The amount of research you can perform makes me excited as well.Approaching different objectives from any way I desire is incredibly refreshing. I try to go pure stealth, but my mistakes cause me to end up with a shootout. I didn't expect the third person shooter style to play well, but it feels just as effective as being stealth.Controls are weighty, but feel realistic and smooth. My only complaint thus far is some of the times I have difficulty controlling D-Horse, but that might get better with time.I can't wait to get home and play it again! All in all, one of the best games I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,287700,17920477,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,voyager289,"After 110+ hoursi changed my review. Its not a masterpiece like in tons of other reviewThe gameplay easily pass 9/10but the story pacing and the bad taste after u finish the game (the taste of lacking something) making it bad......No matter how good a game is, if its a unfinished game its will make it a bad game...Imagine witcher 3 stop without explanation after the kaer morhen attack or skyrim stop after the dragon incident at whiterun. that will be suck."
76561198119124084,Not Recommended,287700,17889428,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Ocaz,"EDIT: I went through more than a few backlashes with the game. Sometimes I sprung back, but I realized that i only thought positively of this game after watching a cutscene. And that positive thinking only lasted 1 hour afterwards.I now believe this game is actually quite terrible. For a war simulator, that gameplay is pretty good. But theres no variety, no matter how many times you swap your weapons out its still the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just grind and grind until your mother base teams are level 50 and then for what? the game is too easy after that. the adaptive AI dont do ♥♥♥♥in anything. Just phantom difficulty cuz the game says its difficult. No, the more you go on the more ♥♥♥♥in dudes are at guard posts until theres like 20 guys protecting the middle of nowhere and theres no blindspots.The game thinks its cute to play stealthy. It offers no cool tricks to stealth around with. You get a box with different posters and camos and a cool item that restricts your mission grade. Doesn't matter, you'll only get S ranks on the lame missions or♥♥♥♥♥♥you get lucky on. The game wants you to go loud and stay loud. ♥♥♥♥ stealth, shoot everyone you see unless he has good stats. Thats why the tranq pistol exists no other reason.The story is really bad as well. That ground zeroes cutscene at the end was warped so many fricken times that it is practically The Count of Monte Cristo. Theres 3 versions as far as i know.SPOILERS (But who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥The three versions I KNOW OF:1. Normal version: Chopper explodes by Paz jumping out and the bomb going off, killing her and knockin down the chopper and messing up Big Boss (the ""horn"" and coma)2. Paz's version: She lived, they got both bombs out and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ perspective doesnt show that a rocket hit near the cockpit of the helicopter even though it looks like Paz exploded.3. Medic Version: The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you play as is a ♥♥♥♥ing nobody extra character that was IN FRONT of Big Boss to take the explosion for him, leaving the medic guy hurt and boss with a few bruises.Terrible perspectives sell.There's so much wrong with this game it's upsetting. It kicks off slow which is fine, but when it goes it gets going (Nowhere)! Save a prisoner! COOL! He makes prosthetic arms! That sounds useful! ^.^ ok cool! NEXT, save another prisoner. Okay, done, he didn't advance the plot or give any cool intel. Next mission! Kill this guy, he does bad stuff to the people of Afghanistan. Ok wait. Since when do we care? we're out for revenge and now we're doing charity work for people in the region the main villain happens to be in? Why? we only operate there, our base isnt there. Our forces arent there. Nothing is there. Why are main story missions WASTED on saving 9000 prisoners and blowing up 50 tanks and stealing useless junk? there are 200 missions in the game including side missions. Less than 10% of those missions advance the plot. 50 main story missions in total. about 15 are repeats with a twist. Making for forced VR which some players will probably not be able to complete due to difficulty. about 20 are worthless fetch quests and the last 15 are the story. The very loose, poorly made story. With a villain that seems cool at first, but quits halfway through and explains his motives, goes back on them. Gives you praises, stops trying to kill you, picks up his motives again, goes back on them AGAIN, quits again and puts himself in a widely nonsensical situation where he dies on purpose, leaving the most badass man on the planet to play with his cute little robot which is a pushover boss fight because in his mind it'll kill Big Boss the Legendary Solider who stopped World War 3 by himself. He knows you are badass because he explains how he tied those loose ends of you single handedly stopping world war 3. But no, a robot will stop you. DEFINITELY.END OF SPOILERSSaving Grace is the gameplay in some aspects. The AI is buggy in the PC port. The PS4 version has much more intelligent AI to the point where its most likely a different scripting system. They are noticably smarter in every way. Especially during combat alerts. When they lose sight of you. They check where you were and where you could've gone. In PC they just check where you were and say, ""Eh ♥♥♥♥ it he died"". But if you shoot them with a silenced weapon from nearly 60 meters out, they know exactly where you are. In the dark or in a sandstorm doesnt matter.PROS:+Optimization is great, 60FPS is constant even during intense action scenes. though dust effects from driving cars has huge dips if the camera is angled just right.+Controls are solid on a gamepad+Stealth feels mostly believable. AI has some issues as you draw in very close however.+Plenty of missions+Mother base is great as is, management is fun and expanding is cool. Platforms are spread out a bit too far for my liking.CONS:-Loose plot with strange villains. Not strange in a good way, their motives are so roundabout they could've been doing something else.-Story could've been more prominent as with every single other metal gear game-Open world has nothing in it. Could've been linear and would've worked way better.-PC AI is iffy. Some detections are highly debatable.-keyboard controls are very poor. Only 2 crouch walking speeds, Normal and slow as balls.-either consumed by revenge as a character or just being weird, Miller doesn't act like Miller. Making stupid decisions left and right.-too many convenient plot devices. Especially the one tied to mother base mid game.-The easily seen coming twist at the end was hardly believable. In my opinion, sucked.5/10 Doesn't sit right with me, this is the last metal gear, but definitely far from the definitive. I won't say the game overall sucked, just too much of it did where it could've been amazing. a shell of a metal gear, much like the protagonist himself."
76561197970728489,Not Recommended,287700,17825582,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,fb1907thh,22 bölümde zorlama online üs kurma dolayısı ile oyunu bıraktım.Tercih hakkı konmazsa silerim.
76561197993759980,Not Recommended,287700,20755354,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mr Ugly,"Start is painfully slow, then it seems to get better. Game itself seems OK but the music is terrible. Orchestras blasting and no way to stop them. Yep, the music cannot be dulled or muted. Never understand why devs assume this generation transform into Mozart lovers while they blow the crap out of virtual enemies."
76561198174002505,Not Recommended,287700,20862270,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TasteTheRambo,"This is an ok MG however its unlike any before.  All the missions are same, if you enjoy grinding and repetivness then this is for you. The story is terrible as nothing is explained."
76561198068724048,Not Recommended,287700,20892988,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Allah Do Is Win,Can't reccomend a game that keeps deleting my ♥♥♥♥ing saves everytime
76561197995620310,Not Recommended,287700,20960003,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Laintime,"Repetitive quests, cheesy story, awful english voice actors. A disgrace to the MGS franchise, and to all 2015 video games. I wish I didn't buy that game."
76561197969399713,Not Recommended,287700,21235616,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,MyGunShootsKisses,"When you actually are in the field the gameplay is fun and verstile. You're never really forced to play the game as a sneaking agent avoiding conflict but you are rewarded for it; however, if you just want to shoot your way through missions you're not disallowed from doing so. My problem with the game is all the hoops you have to go through to get into the field and complete the missions. This game loves menus and loading screens and it never fails to stop the action to make you waste time in a menu and speedbump you with a loading screen. I have no idea why I'm ever forced to go back to my useless base in the middle of the ocean, I don't care about saluting guys to make them feel better or want to check up on my orphans; I just want to burn through the missions. Oh your on your oil rig and want to do this mission, sorry you can't start it here so instead pick the option to have the helicopter pick you, wait for the helicopter, get in the helicopter, wait for it to take off, wait for a loading screen, now you can pick the mission, have another loading screen, wait for the helicopter to fly around. This isn't realism, this isn't immersion its just annoyance."
76561198100021394,Recommended,287700,17855376,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ProSaladTosser,"After having played the rest of the games in the series, I was skeptical of how open world this title is. I should not have been. The world is executed perfectly. Every encounter is well placed. All upgrades make the gameplay better or easier in some way, without making the game too easy. Tools like marking and reflex help us out, and provide an intense and nerve-wracking experience without them, only for the truly hardened Metal Gear veteran. Don't expect a walk in the park, but try things out. If you think you can do something, you probably can."
,Recommended,287700,33230914,Posted: 4 July,all,Cyber Mane,"A Metal Gear Solid for PC... one of my dreams came true.The multiplayer is a bit difficult to grasp, but at least I'm not a complete fool. I enjoyed playing it.Most players say the story is a bit underwhelming. I can't judge very well since I'm not a die-hard fan of the series and I actually enjoyed it."
76561198221885564,Recommended,287700,24914154,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Purple_warrior,This is how you make a game.
,Recommended,287700,24442690,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kid A,You can fight a bear chest-naked in the Afghan Wilderness and kidnap child soldiers.Only this time around you get to play people like a damn fiddle.
,Recommended,287700,17842199,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,"Dann, Chiken Dinner",Fxxk U konami.Thank U Hideo  KojimaThe ending for so many years playing.
,Recommended,287700,17842574,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Sheppard,"A Hideo Kojima Game.What, that isn't enough for you? Clearly you've never played Metal Gear.Try a super-versatile, extremely polished, open world stealth action sandbox with LOADS of upgrade progression, myriad weapons, (both lethal and non-lethal), shiny gadgets that would've made James Bond green with envy, and more. Build your own army of hand-picked soldiers from the ranks of the enemy, expand your ocean base to city-sized proportions, and sneak around in a cardboard box. Throw in fluid, tactical movement, weapons with realistic ballistics and handling, and a complex, rewarding system of close-quarters combat - Now you're getting the picture. A strong contender against The Witcher 3 for Game of the Year 2015, and a title that is certain to be remembered on its own as Hideo Kojima's Magnum Opus - And one of the best video games ever made."
,Recommended,287700,17844789,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Aurelius,"One of the best Metal Gear Solid experiences. With a new concept of 'open world' Hideo Kojima has taken some influences of modern games like Far Cry and Grand Theft Auto .. etc and incorporated them into the Metal Gear Universe. Solid gameplay, many approaches to missions and a wide arrange of tools for use aswell. Very good port consistent 60 fps for me never any drops what so ever. 9/10 Probably the best game I've played yet. So what are you waiting for? Buy the game.EDIT: After finishing this game and playing through multiple PvP scenarios, I've come to decide that this game deserves at 7.5 instead of 10. Why? Some criticism that I have to make: Story felt extremely lacking especially the endings for plots and subplots and reduction in cutscenes, also character development was extremely weak. Although the gameplay still stands out and PvP is really fun, MGS:TPP deserves a relatively decent score."
,Recommended,287700,23357282,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,« F o X .,"MGS:V has some of the best stealth mechanics i've played in a game:- Height matters, stay low to avoid detection- You can tag enemies to workout tactics- You can retreat when seen- You can either kill/stun/sleep/knockout/send flying to oblivion your enemies- This isn't a run and gun type of game- Reflex mode is nice- You can hide in shadowsAlso when you lose stealth you can recover by killing everyone or trying to hide again, but we all know if you get seen you just reload your last checkpoint. That’s how you play a stealth game.10/10"
,Recommended,287700,23512193,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,spookybacon,gears of war
,Recommended,287700,26451405,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,noxteryn,"Extremely well-optimized, with loads of sandbox content and exceptionally deep gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,287700,17899122,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Carbonade🔥,Best game I've played this year so far!
,Recommended,287700,17868469,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Guthar,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain.... What is there to say. I've waited years for this game. I've waited longer for an actual PC release of any Metal Gear Solid game. Ground Zeroes came out awhile ago and it was like a tease. We all witnessed what the fox engine could do. That the team behind the PC version was comminted to making a good port. We just had to wait.I started my Metal Gear Solid journey when I was a kid. For my 12th birthday my Dad bought me a Playstation. He didn't understand that you had to also buy games for it. So all I had that summer was a demo disk that came with the system. On this disk was a bunch of games you could play for a few minutes at a time and then they would end. I played all the games that looked fun to me a hundred times. Tony Hawk 1 was on this disk. I played that first level ""Hanger"" 2 minutes at a time probably a thousand times that summer. After awhile I got bored. I looked at the games I didn't play on the disk and stumbled upon ""Metal Gear Solid."" At first glance it didn't look like something I would care for. Being bored enough I decided to give it a shot. The demo was of the very first part of the game where your goal is to make it to the elevator without being seen. After many failed attempts I got the hang of it. As the elevator started ascending, the cutscene started. Man was that awesome. I knew that if there was any game I wanted to play this was the one. Years go by, and Metal Gear Solid is my favorite series. I played each game multiple times (besides Peace Walker). Now that I'm a PC gamer, when I heard (over a year ago) that MGSV was coming to the PC I couldn't believe it. I was so excited.The Day finally comes and I played it maybe 12 hours that first day. It was nothing like I imagined. The first real open world in a Metal Gear Solid game sounds amazing to me. As I went from outpost to outpost collecting materials and kidnapping soliders to work for me I felt something was missing. This is far from the games I played growing up. Not in a bad way. I joked with friends that this game plays more like Far Cry 3 then like the Metal Gear Solid I knew.Gone are the 20 minute cutscenes that a lot of people didn't like (I loved them btw.) Call it what you want, Metal Gear Solid was story first for me. Don't get me wrong I love the updated gameplay for todays standards. I feel that a open world is something that Metal Gear Solid always needed. I just feel like it's lacking on the story front. Most of the story takes place between main missions and what use to be cutscenes has been turned into Cassette Tapes. The Cassette Tapes are great. I guess I'm being a bit nostalgic. I just loved the face to face interaction characters had in the previous games.The story is focused. More tight then previous games. You have a goal and nothing will stop you from completing it. The wonder of what really is going on, the questions you have make you want to keep playing to find the answers. Who is this, why are they doing that. Both things I've asked myself while playing. It's kept me playing this game 12 hours a day since release. I'm hooked and I want more. The plot goes from believable to goofy in seconds. That's what I've always loved about this series. Some people expecting a standard military operation story will be caught off guard by the usual Kojima wierdness. The mix of the Scifi and Military plot is confusing at times, but once you think about it, the scifi elements are not to far fetched.Gameplay is simular to Metal Gear Solid 4 mixed with Far Cry 3 and sprinkle a little base management ontop of that. I shouldn't call it ""little"" the base system and soliders you have control of could be its own game. It's massive with work orders, missions and customization for everything. It's overwelming the first time you go through the menus trying to figure out what you should do. Controls are fantastic and I've had little trouble getting use to playing a Metal Gear Solid game using a keyboard and a mouse. It feels like Metal Gear was always on the PC. I've had some trouble with the horse and robot not stopping when I wanted to, either that's a bug or I'm doing something wrong. The aiming with the mouse is so far superior then the controller in my opinion.The sound of this game is top notch. Everything from the sound track, to the roaring of the helicopters to the slamming of the helicopter door that made me jump out of my seat. Shots from gunfire hit dirt and rocks around you and make you feel like you are actually getting shot at. The Music that plays on boomboxes around camps and outposts (that you can steal) will make you smile. The customzation to have your own music play or the in game songs while playing or make  your helicopter play as it comes to pick you up. You can hear ""OHH HERE SHE COMES, SHES A MANEATER"" echo through the hills and desert, and its simply fantastic.The Graphics are stunning. Everything from the sun setting on the lush African forest, to the vast hills of Afghanistan. The blood spatter on your face after going on a killing rampage sticks with you until you take a shower or stand in rain. The dynamic weather systems that disrupt you or help you complete tasks. Hiding in a sandstorm or masking your footsteps to the sound of rain. The water puddles that form and the wet landscape that shines when the rain stops is pure beauty. Texture wise the game has a few flaws, but nothing that will take away from the experience.One major problem I had with the game was the pre-mission and post-mission credits. Not so much that it happens before and after every missions, but that if you pay attention to the pre-mission credits it tells you who is ""Guest Starring"" which can spoil the surprise. For instance everytime the ""skulls"" where going to show up in a mission, I knew they were coming. BECAUSE THE STUPID OPENING CREDITS! Seriously that is bulls**t. I want that to be a surprise. God damnit Kojima.. why...At times I feel certain things are repetitive. Picking up materials,plants,fultoning a guy back to mother base can all feel a little overused. Just when you feel that everything is really the same, you realize that there are a hundred different ways to attack each base. Tons of combos of buddies you can use to attack it a different way. Trying each time to do it faster, without making a mistake. You could use a silenced sniper rifle if you are farther in the game and just silent kill everyone if you wanted. That will lower your score though. The real greatness of this game is when you take the silent apporch and do no kill, no alerts runs. That's when this game shines. The limitless gadgets you can use, the hundreds of weapons and handful of buddies that can help you out makes this game a true masterpiece.Play the way you want, enjoy the epic AAA film style story, Be the Boss of the base, Lead your men into combat and extract revenge from your foes. Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is a Masterpiece. Not of the same kind Metal Gear Solid 1 or 3 was. But this is a new era. In this new era there is only one king of storytelling, His name is Hideo Kojima. This is his game.A Hideo Kojima GameRating: 10/10DOWN WITH KONAMI"
,Recommended,287700,26786783,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PraPor,K O J I M A I S G O DOJIMAISGOD
76561198017391003,Recommended,287700,17842814,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,MajiBOB,"A good game. My son kyle worked for this game beofre he went missing.Thanks kyle, love u son. Please come home son. 10/10"
,Recommended,287700,17838057,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,DarkLames,"Hideo Kojima had a part in this? I had no idea, luckily this game told me about 50 times this past hour."
76561198037123939,Recommended,287700,17842075,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,$150M,"The amount of content in this game is insane, the graphics are superb, and Hideo Kojima once again shows all the other game developers how to make a game with a great story and really good combat and gameplay."
,Recommended,287700,17844437,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,PSI Guy,"A solid sneaking experience. Kidnap, shoot and and kill people over two massively impoverished 3rd world countries . Unleash your inner hobo as you live in a box and scrounge around people's houses for diamonds and raw materials. There's limitless ways to approach each and every mission; Ride a horse, Ride a machine gear, Don't ride a horse. The sky (and your constantly dwindling GMP) is the limit. A Hideo Kojima Game brought to you by Hideo Kojima of Kojima Productions."
,Recommended,287700,30325097,Posted: 4 March,all,Ascilia,"It's a pretty good game in most cases! Graphics are great and it runs very well, controls are a tad odd at first but work wonderfully after you get used to it ( I played on kb+m).Plenty of custamization in gameplay, you can be very stealthy and never kill anyone or just go in guns blazing and blow them all up.Lots of guns and vehicles to play with and fight against. also a few mounted stationary weapons.Pretty big open world to explore, unfortunatly alot of it is empty and you spend the time running between hot spots such as outposts and checkpoints where enemies / side ops are.Main missions are pretty well done with multiple objectives to do, and later on challenge modes which increase difficulty.Lot's of cut scenes to watch and casset tapes that add to what's going on in the game.Buddy system is great, each buddy changes how you can play in somtimes a small way or a major way.Online FOB's let you attack or defend against players, although you have little fear of being attacked untill you fight your way up into the active player ranks ( most people no longer play often or at all ). It's a good way to earn money and resources for building aswell as recruit good staff. If you are attacked the same thing happens to you in reverse, you lose said things but have a chance to get revenge and recover them. Also weekly events tend to be FOB's for various rewards.Fair bit of collectables and secrets to do / find with in the game. They can reward various things.You can collect animals, soviets, or females if that's your thing and want mother base to be a harem.Can custimize your own personal weapons at a certian point in the game, you can litterly make a frankenstien gun so tospeak. Also can custamize your buddies once you reach max rank.Quiet is great! And not because of lewdness - you actually get costumes for her later that are less / non lewd.----- The meh ----Gameplay is pretty repetative, essentially play one or two missions in a zone and you've seen them all. Most side ops are copy and pasted only going up in difficulty as the rank of each ops increases.Story only makes sense once you make it to the very end of the game. And once you get past mission 30 ish, many of the main missions are straight up repeats of old missions acting as filler for the scarce few story missions.Alot of the weapons don't research while you're not activily playing the game unpaused which can be annoying for some people once you get into 4+ hour research / devlopment time for various things. You can pay to speed up online research but honestly it's not worth doing as online items research even if you are not playing the game.Difficulty is pretty easy on alot of the missions for me regardless of going commando, stealthy, or less than lethal. I only had trouble with one or two missions but ultimatly nothing horrible.All and all I would reccomend buying it if you are interested, it's pretty fun and will last you a long time if you don't mind reptition a bit. I mostly just mess around in open world with side ups or replayinng a few missions doing silly things."
,Recommended,287700,17919948,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Coconut head,"Shot a goat in the face and it started to fly 10/10tranquilized a guy in the face 6 times 10/10mowed down a herd of soviets with my horse 10/10CUTEST PUPPY IN THE WORLD 10/10putting pin up models on a cardboard box 10/10listened to we are the kids of america while mowing down ""Skulls"" with a RPG 10/10Fulton extraction of the horse noise 10/10quite literally the best game ever!30 hours later i still havent done any story"
76561198149188009,Recommended,287700,17857419,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,BIG BOSS,"O.k, so now that I have time I figured I should do a proper review of this game instead of some silly ""10/10 I need scissors. 61!"" joke review like I originally posted.I'll start by saying that YES there will be light spoilers in the CONS section of the review. Community issues are issues the general player base feels that I may or may not agree with but still should be mentioned. Good? Good.Pros: +FANTASTIC stealth action gameplay with tons of variety and a wide range of polished mechanics that help keep it suspense and entertaining every time you go out in the field.+Excellent and tense opening 2 hours that give you a lot of awesome action moments with a memorable cinematic presentation.+Fantastic voice work from the entire cast, from mere grunts around your base and on the field to the main characters, and yes even Keifer's Snake.+An expansive and beautiful world with tons of secrets and unlockables throughout.+A great licensed soundtrack with tons of classic 80's music.+Tons of customization, from your gadgets and guns to what you wear in the field, there is a TON of veriety in how you approach missions with new unlockables and equipment just waiting for you to purchase and level up.+Base management, from kidnapping enemies to making them your loyal soldiers helping you earn money, build weapons, and defend your junk from nasty invading players. The base is where your character progression comes from so DO take care of it.+Gorgeous graphics and animation with everything from facial movement and subtle gestures toppping off an aleady impressive looking title.+Lots of content that you will spend weeks trying to complete all of and the MP isn't even out yet! (Review written 9/15/15)+A great selection of companions to help you on your mission with D-Dog being the best imo.+Great optimization across numerous setups.I could go on, but I would be repeating myself a bit so lets get to the bad stuff now :(Cons: -The story overall is a total mess and among the weakest in the series.-After episode 31, the game recycles older missions EXACTLY but far harder and much less fun to play through-Timers on upgrades can take WAY TOO LONG and be frustrating to wait for.-Boss battles are barely in the game, with most of them being either copy paste or uninteresting. Easily the weakest selection of bosses in the series, with the exception of a certain robot battle.-Highly repetitive mission variety, with many of them being just the same mission in areas you have already been in.-No minimap as far as I can see. This is really annoying considering how big the map is, and the fact that the rest of the series has had one makes this even more baffeling.-Some bugs, but admittadly not many of them showed up in my game, and I avoided the Quiet save corruption bug (Missions 29 and 42)Community Issues: -The ending. Many people are pretty angry at the way this game ends. I wont spoil it, but suffice to say many people weren't happy and the mediocre script only served to make it worse overall. Personally I liked the ending, but it should be noted regardless.-""Meh"" port. While the game is well optimized and runs well for many people, the options menu is a clunky mess laiden with missing graphical options.-Bad K&M controls.-Cut and or MISSING content that should have been in the game. This is the BIGGEST reason fans are upset with MGSV right now. The game feels unfinished, and like I mentioned with the ending, the mediocre script only served to make this feel worse for people that wanted to buy into the story.FINAL VERDICT:Despite the numerous issues, this game still stand out amongst the best in the series. Not THE best mind you, especially not in terms of story. However, the gameplay and presentation as well as some genuinly well done story moments help elevate this game over something like say Mass Effect 3 in terms of leaving a raw taste in your mouth. It's an excellently put together, visually stunning, and highly replayable stealth-action-open-world game that exceeds in what it needs to AS A VIDEO GAME.The mutiplayer is not out yet so I will hold off what could be extra points if it turns out good, but for now I give MGSV a SOLID 9/10. A flawed masterpiece, but a masterpiece none the less.Take from it what you will and enjoy."
,Recommended,287700,23552476,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Blue Cnut,Singleplayer - It's alright.Multiplayer - Never seen something die so fast. Philippines are new KSA.
,Recommended,287700,26770457,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Solid_Snake3133,The game that everyone will want especially if you enjoyed parts of Peacewalker.
76561197960427423,Recommended,287700,17937254,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Mcslammer^,"I'm not a talented enough writer to construct a thoughtful review, especially for a game of this calibur; i would just like to throw my opinion out there about MGSV since I have to write something to give it a thumbs up.I've been a gamer for 20+ years now and as an adult it is really hard to reach that same level of excitement about games that I could achieve as a kid - especially since the video game indusrty has become saturated with ""AAA"" cookie cutter formulas to generate massive audiences and massive amounts of cash. Rambling aside, there have been two games over the last 6 years that have brought back that ""child-like"" excitement and satisfaction, where the final product far exceeded my hype and excitement and those titles were Demon's Souls (and Dark Souls) and  MGSV. MGSV: The Phantom Pain is just a phenomenal game and just simply must be played by any fan of gaming, whether you've followed the series over the last 28 years or not. Hideo Kojima and his team couldn't have done better with the last title of the series. 10/10Side note - almost 40 hours in and have only completed 9% of the game. This gives you an idea of how massive MGSV is. My play time mainly consists of side-ops, 7 of the main story missions (out of 50) and the construction of my personal army and home base (mother base). I havnt even really scratched the surface; i have not even touched online play yet."
,Recommended,287700,17840276,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,[MNI] Quacksterhand,A Hideo Kojima Game.
,Recommended,287700,23821182,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ASH+Vocaholic,"Probably the most fun stealth game in my book, definitely. Didn't think how well open world could work for a MGS/stealth game but it does kind of. The story is as compelling as a Hideo Kojima game can be; take that as you will. And the 'base-building'/management is a nice addition that creates a sense of personal progression and danger of sorts.Unlike most 'big' games who slap on online multiplayer just to have an extra tag on the storepage, it's actually pretty decent for this game albeit somewhat underrated. Which I suppose is understandable because for the most part it promotes a fast(er)-paced playstyle (than you're probably used to in SP) which in return favors using the Keyboard & Mouse instead of a controller. And the occassional obvious hacker here and there doesn't make the online environment any more appealing. Other than that, it could use a bit more refinement.. but then again, this is not what the game revolves around.With 65 hours in, I'm still not even halfway on my completion ratio.Whether it's the best MGS game is highly subjective as many will beg to differ, but more often than not it stems from intolerance and bigotry. Without turning this into a relativist fallacy.. It's great fun and for it's current full asking price has more than plenty of content to sink your teeth in.Hot diggity diamond dog."
76561198086971353,Recommended,287700,32998131,Posted: 29 June,all,Mecha Hitler,I give it 10 Kojimas out of 10 Kojimas.
,Recommended,287700,21900201,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Edelweiß,"MGS V is an open world third person stealth action game. It takes place in two main locations: The deserts of Afghanistan and the jungles of South Africa. You play as one of Snake's many clones, this one called ""Big Boss"" who has to build up his mercenary band called ""Diamond Dogs"" to save the world from a couple of global nuclear and biologic threats.Something that will nearly instantly be obvious when you play this game is that the game has amazing cínematography which might sound strange considering video games don't have the same limitations as cinema does. Kojima must have known this pretty well and make great use to angles, camera work and visual effects to tell a story. However, MGS V has the issue that while Kojimas camera work is second to none - his dialogues leave much to be desired. In the scenes where good dialogue would have been needed to further the plot and explain the events in the game - the characters find themselves spewing catch phrases instead of explaining the situation. Much of the game is instead told through the many cassette tapes given to you between missions, and it's very questionable when you'd want to take the time to listen to them considering that the game requires you to pay attention a lot while playing, since this is a stealth game after all.The actual gameplay mechanics are solid (no pun intended)! In fact they're more than solid - they're pretty great! When you attack a military outpost in the game; enemies will often react fairly intelligently to threats (in video game standards) by communicating through the radio to outposts outside of their own, calling reinforcements and alerting bases to tighten security. As such there is a much greater incentive to stay stealthy in MGS V than in many other games as being detected brings with it consequences. To aid you to assault or sneak into camps you have a wide array of gadgets. Everything from mines, to grenades, to inflatable decoy baloons. Bases often have multiple entry points as well which allows you to find a good route in and out of a facility as the situation demands.As far as optimization goes: I could play this on my nVidida GeForce 760 GTX Titan with high and very high graphics. It runs a bit sluggish on my graphics card, but rarely ever drop below 20 FPS. Clearly the developers show quite a bit of technical prowess in the development of this game.The game also features 51 missions plus a multitude of side quests. The game claims that I have only completed 53% of the game as I'm writing this but really I've competed nearly all availible side quests and about 43 missions out of 51, so the counter must be counting a tertary aspect of the game.There is a multiplayer mode where you're allowed to raid secondary bases of other player for resources. Not my cup of tea so I've been avoiding it. It's relatively easy to avoid if you don't want to take part and with most of the community being done with MGS V you don't have to risk your base being raided too often. I have one had mine raided twice and that was by the same person who failed first and tried again on it.Overall I've had a blast with the game. If you liked Splinter Cell, Hitman, or other stealth games you might want take a look at this. Same goes if you're more into traditional third person action games like the Just Cause series. Game politics aside; let us pray for another just as good or better faithful sequel to this series. I definetly recommend this game."
,Recommended,287700,24052087,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,JMC 22,The conclusion to the well known METAL GEAR SOILD series. I could go on for hours about this game but really allthat needs tobe said is it that this is a beautiful looking game which is also extremely fun to play and its not suprising to say that gameplay wise this is the best METAL GEAR SOLID GAME. However the story is easily the weakest out of them all sadly the lack off story and the cut 3rd chapter leave alot to be desired apart from one amazing moment in the second chapter which I wont spoil. The game runs very well on most pcs and i had no frame drops through the entire game. The game is long and will last you a long time purely based on its single player. The multiplayer is unremarkeable and in my opinion is quite bland and boring however it is still decently entertaining. Overall a worthy send off to the METAL GEAR SOLID franchise and I hope it stays like that i really dont want too see konami milk this franchise.▃▆██████▇▅▃███████████▆▃▃▆▅▃▀▀████████▅◢█████▇▅▃▀████████▀▃▅█████▆██████▉▃ ▅▲　▉　█▅▃◢◣　 ▀██▀▀█████◣▃█ █ █▲　　　　　　　　　 █　▆　████▅▌█ █ █ ▉　▅▃▋　　　　　 █　▼ ████　█▲█ █ █ ▉ 　▅▆▅▃▂　　　█▅▆█████▅　■▋ ███▌▲　 　█▆█▀▆　▃██▀██████◣　█▍▋ ███▌█▌　　▼ ▃▂▅█▆▊　　█▀████▅　▼▋ ███▌█▌ 　 ▐▆█████▊　　█ ▐██▆▃▲█████　　　▀▀▼　▀██▌　█▃██▅█████▀　　　　 　　　▄▅█▌▃▆███▉ ██████　　　　▃▅▇████████▀▉ ███████　　　█████████▀▐▍▀██████　　▄███████▀▼　██████▃▆██████▀▀███████████▀█████████▀███████▀█████▀▀█▀Heres to you Hideo Kojima
,Recommended,287700,18071199,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,$ans,"Best game I've ever played. 100/5Pros:-Amazing gameplay-Fantastic story-Characters are great-Real sense of importance-Challenging-Improves everything from the past gamesNeutral:-Ending is confusing but satisfying (Real ending)-Kiefer Sutherland (Good but not Hayter)Cons:-Story requires you know about MGS3:SE and Peace Walker before playing, also very sparce (Story is the main issue, I REALLY liked the story but I do agree it seemed very non existant.)-Miller and Ocelot have an extremelly similar voice, confusing for newer players-Content was removed to be sold again as DLC #♥♥♥♥onami-Unable to get rid of FOBsOverall, the best game I've ever played and worth every penny. If Konami hadn't decided to fire Kojima and take part of the game out to sell later, I'd love this game even more, although this is kind of not but also kind of is ok because now I have DLC to look forward to. 100/5 Greatest game ever made thank u kojiman <3"
76561198042225361,Not Recommended,287700,18040493,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,McLoven64,Who is doing this?Such a lust for cut content!WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,287700,19583111,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Twitchy-I-8,"Big Boss, Great Stealth, Great Combat, & Great Story. Catch your soilders like pokemans"
,Recommended,287700,19657860,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,aeluspex,"[No spoilers ahead]There is something wrong with MGV I'd like to share. First, it goes without question that this game is a pure masterpiece. The sheer amount of work, applied in all the right places has made a game which has everything for everyone. Normally a bad thing, but games are not normally made with Kojima's guiding vision. All in all, The Phantom Pain is the most cinematic and emotional experience a game medium can offer, pleasing both technically and aestetically.In fact, it's so great that any imperfection within is taken as a horrible personal offense. To me? It's AI. Although NPC enemies are smart where it counts, I've yet to experience an adequate AI response to armored vehicles. I mean you could just drive around in your neon pink APC with a huge ""DD"" on it and shoot people in the face, with only reaction from enemies standing right next to you being ""Huh? CP, we have a sign of intruder here"". Somehow, it's hard to feel like Snake after that.Since today's market forces you to pander to the majority, the AIs are also ridiculously easy to kill. The only bleak sign of challenge are bossfights. (I am fine with a Skull taking 4-5 tank shells to kill, but why wouldn't they even flinch or react to it in any other way?)Getting a high mission grade is supposed to act as a reverse difficulty level, however, I've had facestomped missions with multiple enemy alerts and still have managed to get an S or A. Moreover, the motivation to get a high grade lacks a piece, too. The rewards are unclear, and since everyone is a winner (ugh), are practically useless.Do I recommend it? Most definitely yes, I do. The small quirks (That superhuman sniper always hits a helmet instead of a face. lol) are what they are: something to rant about.About techical part: the Fox engine makes MGV running silky smooth even while streaming on FHD-high on my not-so-young rig- i5-2400 (50% load when idle)- R9 280x- eats over 1Gb of RAM"
,Recommended,287700,19573869,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Dylanisaperson,"One of the greatest games I've ever played. The gameplay mechanics are flawless. At first the ending left a bitter taste in my mouth, but eventually, as I thought about it, I found it to be pretty cool.10/10"
,Recommended,287700,19684333,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,piglover352,its good for an unfinished game
,Recommended,287700,19561596,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Dickey™,The best Metal Gear game thats not a Metal Gear game.
,Recommended,287700,20397663,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,██████████,"Oyunda Kod Adı Snake(Yılan) İsminde Çeşitli Yerlerde Görevler Yapan Bir Casussunuz. MGS Ground Zeroesteki Görevinizde Geçirdiğiniz Hasarın Ardından, Bir Hastanede Uyanmanızla Oyunumuz Başlıyor. Sizi Öldürmek İçin Tutulan Timler Hastaneyi Basarken, Bir Yandanda Sizi Kurtarmak İçin Hasta Kılığına Bürünmüş Bir Başka Casus Arkadaşınız Sizi Korumaya Çalışıyor.Süprizi Bozmayayım. Herneyse Bir Şekilde Hastaneden Kurtulmanızın Ardından Tekrar Eski Kariyerinize Dönüyor Ve Görevlere Başlıyorsunuz. Oyunumuzda Size Ait Bir Ana Üssünüz Var. Bu Üssdede Sizin Üyeleriniz/Askerleriniz Var. Sizi HER Göreve Götürmek İçin Yapılmış Özel Bir Helikopteriniz Var. Gelelim Customize Kısmına Yani Modifiye Özelliklerine.Customize[10/10]-Sizin İçin Getir/Götür Yapan Helikopterinizin, Rengini, Çeşidini, Helikoptere Takılabilen Bir Kaç Silahın Çeşidini Kendi Zevk Tarzınıza Göre İstediğiniz Biçimde Modifiye Edebiliyorsunuz.-Ana Üssünüzün Rengini Ve LOGOSUNU Belirleyebiliyorsunuz.-Görev İçin Milyon Çeşit Silahın Her Birini Geliştirebiliyor, Renklerine Müdhale Edebiliyor Ve Eklentiler Ekleyip Çıkarabiliyorsunuz.-Çeşitli Kostümler Alıp Geliştirebiliyorsunuz.-Her Görevden Sonra Görev Esnasında Kaçırdığınız Düşman Askerlere Veya Kurtardığınız Rehine Askerlere Göre ÜSSÜNÜZE Yeni Bir Asker Ekleniyor. Bu Askerler Arasında Değişim Yapabiliyorsunuz. Mesala Basenizin Atak Bölümündeki Askerleri Tıp Bölümüne Aktarabiliyor. Veya Düşman Askerleri Hapishanenize Atabiliyorsunuz. Tabi Bunuda Askerlerin Yetenek Sınıfı Statlarına Bakarak Yapıyorsunuz. Her Askerinizin Yanında Çeşitli Yetenekleri Ve Puanlamaları OLUYOR. Atıyorum Medical Kısmı A++ Veya S İken ATAK Skilleri D VEYA E Olabiliyor. Bu Durumda onu TIP' Birimine Adamanız Gerekiyor.Gelelim Atmosfere:[10/10]Oyundaki Atmosfer Efsane Olmuş, Tıpkı Gerçek Hayattakiyle Aynı... Afrika Ve Iran Gibi Yerlerde Geçiyor Görevleriniz Genelde. Ve Açık Dünya Olmasının Verdiği ARTILARDAN Yararlanılarak, Kafanıza Göre Araçlarınız Veya Evcil Hayvanlarınızla Dağların Üstünde Geziler Yapıp, Manzaralar Görebiliyorsunuz. Tabi Yolda Gördüğünüz Çeşitli Bitki Ve Materiyalleride Toplayabiliyorsunuz... Bazen Görevlerde 12-13 Yaşındaki Çocuk Askerlerle Mücadele Bile Edebiliyorsunuz :) Tıpkı Gerçekteki Gibi. Ellerine Silahı Vermişler Ve Orayı Korumasını Sölemişler. Tabi Çocukları Öldürdünüz Zaman Görev Başarısız Olarak Geçiyor O AYRI. Genelde Onlara Karşı Hiç Görünmeden Veya Bayıltma Yoluyla İlerlemeniz Gerekiyor. Ve En SEVDİĞİM Detaylardan Bitanesi Görev Esnasında Aldığınız Hasar Sonucu Kostümünüze Bulaşan Kan Veya Tahripler. Kostüm Değişilene Kadar Geçmiyor. O Kostümü Çıkarıp Aynısını Tekrar Giydiğiniz Zaman Temizlenmiş Oluyor Yoksa, Oyun Başındaki Yırtık Pırtık Kanlı Kostümünüzle Oyunu Bile Bitirebilirsiniz.Ve En Güzel Kısmı Oynayış[20/10]Yerde Sürünme,Eğilme, Eğilirken Yavaş Yürüme, Ayakta Tempolu Koşu, Ayakta Yavaş Yürüme, Ayakta Süratli Koşu, Sürünürken Yavaş Sürünme Gibi Bir Çok Movement Eklenmiş. Hissettiriyor Gizliliği. Tabiki Sürünürken Felan Bazen Bitkilerin Saklaması Yetmiyor. Tuşa Basarak Kendiniz Gizlenme Modunu Açıyorsunuz O Modda Sürünme Halindeki Karakterimiz Kafasını Yere Deydiriyor. Düz Bir Şekil Yatıyor. Bunlar Movement Yani İlerleme Kombinasyonlarıydı. Atak Kombinasyonlarına Gelcek Olursak. Çok Fazla. Adama İster Yakın Dövüş Girin İster Arkadan Bir Kilitle Yakalayın. Veya Silahlarınızla Vurun. Seçim Sizin. Tabi Bunların Yanı Sıra Arkadan Kilit İle Yakaladığınızda Bir KAÇ Ekstra Seçenek Daha Ekleniyor. Bayıltma, Öldürme Ve Konuşturma Gİbi. Eğer ASKER Sizinle Ortak Dili Konuşuyorsa Genelde Kendi Takım Arkadaşlarının Yerini , Kurtarmaya Çalıştığın Rehineyi Nerde Sakladıklarını Veya Şu Depolarda Değişik Materiyaller Tutuyoruz Gibisinden Konuşmalar Yapmakta. Yada Sana Bir Sikim Söylemem Diyebiliyor :) Bilmiyorumda Diyebiliyor. Tabi Farklı Dilli Biri Çıkarsa Ya Konuşmuyor, Yada Farklı Dilden Bişeyler Diyor. Ama Oyunda Ekstra Dİl Bilginizi Geliştirebiliyorsunuz Veya Üssünüzdeki Askerleden Biri Olarak Oynayabiliyorsunuz. Mesala Sizin Bilmediğiniz Bir Dİli O ASKER Biliyordur. O OLARAK GÖREVİ Oynama Seçeneğiniz Var. Oyunda Bayan Çocuk Ve Erkek Askerler Var. Gerçekçi.  Tabi Bunların Yanı Sıra Adamın Arkasından Sinsi Bir Geliş İle Silah Çekerekten Teslim Olmasını İsteyebiliyorsunuz. Genelde 2 Seçeneği Oluyor. Ya Bırakır Ve Teslim Olur YADA Bırakır Gibi Yapıp Suprayz Madıfakı Yapar. Adam Teslim Olursa Felan Ekstradan Yere Yatmasınıda İsteyebiliyorsunuz. ASKERLERİN Hertürlü Silahını Kullanabiliyorsunuz. Alabiliyor Ve Geliştiredebiliyorsunuz. Tabi İllaha Öldürmek Veya Etkisiz Hale Getirmek Zorunda Değilsiniz. DİREK Sinsice Gözükmeden Çimlerden Çatılardan VS Giderek Amacınızada Ulaşabilirsiniz. Bunun Yanı Sıra Ufak Bir Dürbününüz Var. Askerleri Makinalı Tüfek Veya Mühimatları Bunla İşaretleyebiliyorsunuz. Genelde Göreve Başlamadan Önce Kaba Bir Plan Yapmak İçin Bir Dağ Kenarından Gideceğiniz Bölgeye Uzaktan Bakmanızda ÇOK Rol Oynuyor. Tabi Geliştirirseniz Askerlerin Yerini İşaretlemekle Kalmaz. Ekstradan Hangi Askerin SKİLL STATLARI Nasıl Onlarıda Gösterir.. Bölece Kaçıracağınızı İyi Seçersiniz. Ayrıca Modern Teknoloji İle Yapılmış Bir İdroid Aygıtınız Var. Bu Aygıt Sayesinde HARİTA Görünümünü, Nereye Gideceğinizi Veya GİDECEĞİNİZ Yer Dışında Geriye Kalan Açık Dünyada Başka Üsler, Mühimat Depoları Gibi Yerler Gözüküyor. Ekstradan Yolda Köle Tüccarlarına Felanda Rastlayabiliyorsunuz. Tabi Gene Size Kalmış İster Kurtarın İster Sallamayın. İsterseniz Köleyide Vurun. Ayrıca Bu Aygıtla Görevinizi Bitirdiğinizde Sizi Alması İçin Çeşitli İniş Noktalarından İstedinize Helikopterinizi Çağırıyorsunuz. Tabi Şans Eseri Siz Bindinizde FELAN Destek Takviyeye Haber Gitmişse TAM O SIRADA Dağlardan Felan Roket Atar Veya Tüfeklerle Taaruza GEÇEBİLİYORLAR. Tabi Sizde Süpriz Yumurtadan Çıkmış Gibi Durmuyonuz E'ye Bastımıydı Helikopterin Yanından Bir Makinalı Tüfek İniyor Sizin Oturduğunuz YERE Doğru... ARTIK ALLAHU AKBAR Çekmek Size Kalmış :D Tabi Sanmayın Helikopteriniz %100 Yener Benim Gibi Rahat Rahat Dururken Bozukayı Yedinizde Görürsünüz Nasıl Kafayı Yarıyonuz. Yolda Gördünüz Çeşitli Araçları Envaterinizde Bulunan Paraşüt Gibi Gelişmiş Aygıtlarla Basenize Yollayıp, SATABİLİYORSUNUZ. O Paralarlada Yeni Silahlar,KOSTÜMLER, ARAÇLAR VEYA Geliştirmeler Alıyosunuz.  TABİ Oyundaki En GÜZEL Şey FOB Missionsada Gelelim. FOB Mişınlarda Sizin Gibi Başka Oyuncuların Baselerine Gidiyorsunuz. Her Oyuncunun Farklı Bir Logosu Felan Oluyor. Farklı Basesi. Yani ANA ÜSSÜ. ONLARIN Üssüne Gidip Materiyal Çalabiliyorsunuz, Askerde Kaçırabiliyorsunuz. Tabi Genelde Para Derdi Oldunda Yapılıyor. Fakat Unutmayın ÜSLERİN HER BİRİ Çok İyi Korunuyor. AYRICA FOB Mişınlar İçin Bir RANK Sistemide Oluyor. Tabi Kendi Üssünüzede Saldırı Olabilme İhtimaline Karşın Hangi Birime Hangi Askeri Koycanızı İyi Seçmeniz Gerekiyor.Not: Bu Ocakta Oyuna ONLİNE TACTİCAL Modu Eklenecek. Sabırsızlıkla Bekliyoruz. Bu Moddada Herkes Açık Dünyada Birbiriyle Savaşıyor Olucak. Gameplay Demoları Var. PS3 Ve XBOX İçin Zaten Çıtkı PC'Yede Bu AY Çıkcak. Mükemmel Bişey. AYRICA OYUNUN SİSTEM GEREKSİNİMLERİNE BAKIP GÖZÜNÜZÜ KORKUTMAYIN SAKIN :) Oyun CPU'Ya Çok AZ Yükleniyor. GTX 650Tİ 1GB Ekran Kartım,6GB Ramım Ve 2 Çekirdek Bi İşlemcim Var. Fakat Yinede Medium Ayarlarda 50-60 FPS Alıyorum... Çok Yüklenmiyor PC'Ye."
,Recommended,287700,20534291,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Left Shark,"Although there were quirks now and then, that shouldn't stop you from picking up this great game. There are numerous ways to approach every situation and that is what makes this game great on top of the awesome gameplay, optimization, and story!"
,Recommended,287700,20712441,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Falcon,Metal Gear Solid V: Fulton Pain ismi böyle olsa daha iyi olurdu sanki oyun güzel ama fulton yapmayı unutma
,Recommended,287700,20997188,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,RedTigero,Kidnapping simulator 2015
,Recommended,287700,20475424,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Sonac,If you think buy or not: I've decided to buy PS3 and Legacy Collection to expirience Metal Gear series after playing Phantom Pain (haven't played Kojima's masterpiece before).I'm a big fan of stealth games but haven't enjoyed one since Blood Money. This one made me belive that developers still able to do awesome games.Welcome to HIDEO KOJIMA'S GAMING.10 Big Bosses/10
76561197973922420,Recommended,287700,25992625,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,bowwman,"I dont pay full price for PC games all that much, especially at launch, but MGSV was an exception. I don't regret it one bit. I've put in almost 150 hours into this game and I still have more side missions to do. The gameplay is outstanding. It's everything I want in a stealth/combat/shooter. Story, I was fine with up until the end where I didnt feel a real closure to anything (even after listening to all the tapes). I want there to be a chapter 3 so bad! I just want more MGSV which it doesnt look like we'll be getting.All in all, this is a must. My favorite game this generation, probably one of my fav's of all time!"
,Recommended,287700,23097983,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Abathur,"I may not have played the game enough to write an opinnion, but aside from the ending this game was awesome. The plot... even if was slightly off, the plot is based on science and it's good. Perhaps awesome is more adequate word. Game play, aside from a few annoying laggish responses from the character you play as, is good. Characters are crafted and introduced perfectly. It really does make you feel good as you finish your objectives, however you like. Either as a stealth infiltrator as you sneak your way in or as an unstopable juggernaut bashing and smashing your way through. You feel the game taking ower your feelings, the adrenaline rushing up as you escape or chase, or feel bad at something when the game intends you to feel bad at something. All and all the game became one of those wich I will never forget about.Buy this game!That said, the DLC's aren't that important though.As for the ending, well... it royaly screwed over.It's like making love with the person you love and you are feeling everything you can possibly feel about love and love making. Everything is just perfect. Like, too good to be real. But when you are so close to the ""happy ending"", your partner suddenly gets bored and gets off from the bed, leaving you all on your own. You just feel the pain of not reaching to completion and you refuse to do the solo work! THIS GAME DOES EXACTLY THAT!"
,Not Recommended,287700,18108303,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The Man Who Sold The World,"MGS 5 is a disappointment for me. Great gameplay, graphics, music. But THE STORY....this is where the real PHANTOM PAIN begins.I have no words."
76561198036293947,Not Recommended,287700,21108185,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Camo_Killer8[TAH],"I've been playing MGS since i got MGS1 in 2004, and i can safely say that i just installed a tuma on my pc."
76561198114146711,Not Recommended,287700,17950934,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,juny,"- Gameplay is AWESOME.- Chapter 2 is an unfinished mess.- Cheap nonsense m. night shyamalan plot twist.- Kojima played us like a damn fiddle.SPOILERS BELOWReally Kojima? This is the missing link? Being a MGS fan for more than 15 years, I seriously can't believe he resorted to that plot twist during the true ending. Probably gonna keep playing it until I 100% it, but only cause I really loved the gameplay. Doesn't feel right though knowing that you're not actually playing as the real Big Boss."
,Recommended,287700,17842470,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Kelpy G,The game starts with ♥♥♥♥in' David Bowie guys. How isn't that great?
,Recommended,287700,17842523,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Alix,"I tried to write a review, but I just can't. There are too many things to mention, and too little time to enjoy this game. So I'll just say thank you, Kojima Productions, for gracing gaming with such a masterpiece."
,Recommended,287700,17842434,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,|GHST| SavaGhost,"Honestly, i don't even know where to begin. It's phenomenal. Objectively one of the best games ever."
76561197961296391,Recommended,287700,24060455,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Put Dispenser Here!,+ addictive gameplay+ superb graphics+ baloons that let you kidnap people or vehicles10 out of 10
76561197969110545,Recommended,287700,17915565,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,frostbittenyeti,"I don't have the minimum specs for this game in fact I'm way below (Core 2 Quad, Geforce GTX 560 ti) But still this game plays well on my pc. I'm getting a constistant 30fps on medium settings. Game is incredibly well optomised!The game it's self is excelent. Not like the other Metal Gear games at all. The open world mission based structure works really well. Allows you to tackle the missions in anyway you want and there are so many ways to go about things.Easily the game of the year!"
76561198043641697,Recommended,287700,23253027,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Val Kill More,"This game may be about Venom Snake, but we all know who the real hero is...""This is Pequod, arriving shortly at LZ."""
,Recommended,287700,29150505,Posted: 9 January,all,Topsy,"Bought it for the Quiet shower scene, stayed for the gameplay."
,Recommended,287700,33548338,Posted: 14 July,all,jj.ramos1612,its pretty good
76561197992592654,Recommended,287700,23830811,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SeeManRun,"This game is outstanding.  Very arguably the best Metal Gear in the series.  From the sneaking to the shooting to the base building, this game has something for everyone.  Be prepared to dedicate some hours to it though, and play it until the end.  The payoff is worth it."
,Recommended,287700,25597937,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,hem,"In what other game can you have your horse♥♥♥♥♥♥on your face and then use that same♥♥♥♥♥♥to cause a truck to lose control all while sitting in a box playing ""Take on Me"" through your bootleg iPod."
76561197971335306,Not Recommended,287700,18015989,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,[KGB]Sirex2003,"Lots of console♥♥♥♥♥♥ No save game/load game button in menu, no mouse support in menu, locked framerate, no exit game button (WTF?!). These small details ruining all the fun!Why there is no support 24:00 mode for the clock?!"
76561198043967856,Not Recommended,287700,18089695,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Chen Sen,"---SPOILER FREE---review with around 50% completion.This is a very expensive game and compared with the level of content other open world games offer and the content previous Metal Gears offered it seems unjustified to charge such a high amount.  In a sale I could easily recommend this as there is a great deal of promising gameplay.  Just don't come into it hoping for the 'cinematic storytelling experience' the developers promised.Pros:- There are a number of interesting ways you can infiltrate areas.- The open world aspect makes the binoculars a useful tool, which leads to satisfying stealth recon gameplay.- There are loads of weapons and items to use on the battlefield.- Graphically pleasing.- Incredibly well optimised.- Mother base is a great idea and support drops and air strikes are a satisfying gameplay element.- Catching wild animals has never been so addictive.- The prologue is really engaging and tense.- Some of the story is genuinely shocking (in a good way) and covers mature themes.- Customisable weapons, helicopter and Mother Base to personalise your experience.- A decent selection of buddys (mission partners) each with their unique set of abilities.Cons- Shameless re-use of mission areas.  The player can literally clear out an area for one mission, and then have to visit it again only a couple of missions later.  Metal Gear: Deja Vu.- Repetitive mission objectives.  For example, rescue prisoners, rescue prisoners again, and then take on a mission to assasinate someone in the same location used for the rescue prisoner mission you just completed.- Repetive mission objectives (see what I did there?) :D- Some missions are plain boring, for example the 'clear mine field' missions, where you have to fly out to a location and pick up some claymore mines.- Every time you deploy to the battlefiled or return to Mother Base, you have to sit through a minute or so of unskippable helicopter travel.  This gets bland and repetitive very quickly, and really impairs the flow of the game.- The open world is unnecessary and acts predominantly as a time sink.  It doesn't contribute anything as there is no real reason to explore it.  Other open world games such as GTA, Saints Row, and Skyrim are brimming with detail, and we just don't see that here.- Lack of meaningful narrative.  The developers promised this game would 'leave its mark as one of the hallmarks in the gaming industry for its cinematic storytelling'.  This is unfortunately not the case.  Nearly all of the story mission characters are forgettable and shallow, many are 'glossed over' completely as they have the exact same 1 sentence of backstory as a character you encountered earlier.- Huge lack of voice acting/dialogue from the protagonist, the driving force behind all the games in this series.- I've yet to complete the game but the majority of players who have claim that the final mission takes place in the exact same location used for an earlier mission, and that several missions have been cut from the end of the game.  There are many accusations that the game is unfinished, despite offering a considerable chunk of decent gameplay.The fulton system:- You either love it or hate it."
,Not Recommended,287700,18077994,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,mrsaturn2600,Half the plot is missing and the entire second half is playing the same chapter 1 missions with a difficutly spike.Since kojima was fired there will never be a conclusion.Still worth it. Just be prepared to play half the game again.
,Not Recommended,287700,18088643,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Joker,"if you like MGS for the plot and gameplay buy it,but dont buy it if you gonna FOB becouse its broken!!!! every one there is a cheater and there is no anti cheat in FOB so its free for all for cheaters just come grab and win."
76561197992948030,Not Recommended,287700,21351387,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,datiwas,"lots of eyecandy and yet grindy repetetive navel gazing.crap implement.crap story.crap grinding.crap navigation.the kind of game which has a really wierd faced paced intro leaving you wondering what the hell that was all about...which leaves you expecting that it might eventually get good again at some point but it just doesnt.the kind of game which makes you wonder wtf were they thinking? while putting this together.perhaps it was an industrial scale crap production which was too huge and couldnt figure out what it was trying to do wtih itself. too many influences trying to be everything at once. somewhat interesting or seems like its going to get interesting in many directions simotaneously, and yet the only thing ground breaking about the game is perhaps the budget and sweat put into it to arrive at a virtually worthless overall effect with wonky memorable moments interspersed which simply do not justify a replay to revisit.a game with what is very likely the most diverse and customizable personal arsenal loadout system yet seen in a video game BUT an annoying and devisive punishment mechanic for employing such devices. that is the spirit of this game in a nutsell. a must buy for fans of the series, or those pinned with morbid curiosity to see just what the hell this odd medley of production values, egos and latest edition of the industry trend of a franchise cashing out on its namesake because there is money to be made in its whoring has to offer.overall impression? a clumsy assasins creed clone with lots of gadgets which by bulk are far less impressive a list and with much more limited employability options than it seems at first glance. a grindy p2w styled online feature. and a grindy upgrade system which mimics those crappy paywall type mobile games, as if it were actually appealing as a feature in a AAA title.morbid curiosity took me only so far.its the game you find yourself investing countless hours trying to enjoy. hoping something will give."
76561197960671727,Not Recommended,287700,18150209,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,KebabPizza,This game starts really good but after around 20+ hours it gets really messy. Gameplay is really good but the whole game itself doesn't feel finished. It feels like they put 3 years on Chapter 1 and 6 months on the rest.I'm sorry Kojima that you didn't get the time you wanted with this game.
,Recommended,287700,18275224,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Cocoabine,"10/10 - An excellent game. Good story. Fantastic gameplay that really lets the player decide how they want to approach things in their own way.Let's take for example a very simple situation - there is a truck driving towards you. What do you do? You can put on a cardboard box, get into the middle of the road, jump out of the box and wait for the unsuspecting driver and friends to investigate the box as you proceed to kill the enemy or tranqualize them and fulton extract A.K.A whisk their unsuspecting butts far up into the sky. Or maybe hide in the box and stick a picture of a beautiful woman on the front to lull the men over for easy pickings. Or have your horse poop on the road and watch from a comfortable distance as the vechicle spins out of control. Or maybe place some ECM mines on the road and watch your prey get zapped and then swoop in and clean up the rest. Or maybe you don't wanna stealth today and you wanna blow shizz up, that works too.All of this from just one little meager outcome shows the scope and satasfaction derived from the game. You tackle a mission and you do it your way - the enjoyment comes from the ensuing chaos you cause or the ability to think quickly on your feet when something doesn't turn out the perfect way you had envisaged.In all respects of the word - you are Big Boss and Big Boss is you; the tense situations and the way that you resolve them feels like something you have resolved and controlled yourself, rather than something you have followed along a set path. In this sense the game feels very open ended, and very satisfying.Another wonderful experience from a fantastic series."
,Recommended,287700,33101159,Posted: 1 July,all,Omnidrake,Tons of fun
,Recommended,287700,17824096,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Patrick Jr.,A Hideo Kojima game.
,Recommended,287700,25617833,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Bassam,"Story might be lacking and the choice to go open world results in underwhelming level design when compared to previous titles. With that being said, the gameplay easily overshadows the flaws present within the game."
76561197975080743,Recommended,287700,17912531,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,[HZ] DeerSlayer,Like Watching a Movie.  but you pkaying it.
,Recommended,287700,33121979,Posted: 2 July,all,Sla[Y]ziii,Just say the name of One game that Hideo Kojima made it Bad ...Nothing ? So True !
,Recommended,287700,25701457,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Chase,"Why are we still here? Just to suffer? Every night, I can feel my leg... and my arm... even my fingers. The cutscenes I've lost... the plot I've lost... won't stop hurting... It's like they're all still there. You feel it, too, don't you? I'm gonna make them give back our game."
,Recommended,287700,17841691,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,PeerRails,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,21865177,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,moe,More Russians than CS:GO
,Not Recommended,287700,18079454,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,SgtSerious,"Story wise this game doesn't need to exist. Peace Walker is a better game.TPP could been a new IP. As a Metal Gear game its very very weak. Yea gameplay is fun but vapid, and this is someone who made ground zeroes a sandbox and put 50 hours into that and 100+ hours into TPP.7 years what were they doing? (2 years making fox engine, 5 to develop)Magnum Opus my♥♥♥♥♥ he did better in the past with less money"
,Not Recommended,287700,18073641,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Tocino,"Hate to say this but, i waste 50 Hours Playing for this repetitive game.The Story fcks us. All gadgets in the game is so HI-Tech, unlike Solid Snake in MGS1, WTH? Why no iDroid??? And it's not STEALTH action if you bust an outpost over and over again. LOL in some point i hear enemy talking about other outpost  been infiltrated. What the hell? And it's like nothing to them. AI soldiers got sharp vision, only VISION!Still MGS1 and MGS3 is the best. For me."
,Not Recommended,287700,19494214,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,phexitol,"If, somehow, another publisher gets the rights to this game, buy it then. Otherwise, do not buy it (unless it goes down to like $5 or so), because Konami doesn't deserve any more money after their absolutely unacceptable treatment of Hideo Kojima. The game itself is awesome."
,Recommended,287700,17910606,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Lenadro,GOTY 2015.
76561198053489837,Recommended,287700,17842263,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Odlid Togaf,StealthExplosionsPlotSheepMetal GearsD-DogD-HorseD-EverythingGood game. Great game. Perfect game.Also my staff loves it when I choke them. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198109764697,Recommended,287700,22802374,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,coconut gun,"This is an excellent game, and it hasn't lost my attention yet. I can barely run this game though, but DON'T WORRY MY COMPUTER IS LITERALLY A TOASTER. I get 30 FPS running around Afghanistan on absolute minimum settings and resolution. (That's where a A10 6700 + Radeon HD 8670D will get you with single-channel 8 GB of RAM.) But the game is beautiful, and normally my computer can't handle 30 FPS on a game that still looks that great. Graphics and my computer aside, I never really beat the game. From what I can tell, all of the missions are a general rescue this person, destroy this object, take this object from an outpost etc... But it doesn't really get boring with all of the different ways you can go about doing things. Guns blazing, or just slip and slide past everyone and don't even let them know you were there. Overall, it's a great game and I highly recommend it."
76561198086284705,Not Recommended,287700,18008950,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Tier1_Badger,"So, Konami.....where is the rest of the game? =)Also, I didn't know about the butterfly emblem and you played me like a damn fiddle!!! >:c"
,Recommended,287700,17837082,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,"Snake, Ahab. AHAAAAAAAAAAAAAB! Facial transformations, or not. First 30 minutes of staring at man asscrack and trying to walk but failing, watching soldiers kill everyone but you. Flaming guys, pyro mask straight-jacketed woman phantoms,then a guy shows up on a white horse to pick you up while the human torch on a flaming unicorn is chasing you .All in the first hour. And NO IM NOT making this up.... WTAF HIDEO KOJIMA?!?!?!?!10/10 The most optimized game in the history of gaming. 60 fps every time, all the time, on any system** 99% of systemsO btw, If you want more info:Its a base building simulatorIts a base invading simulatorIts a weapons development simulatorIts a walking simulatorIts a buddy training simulatorIts a wilderness survival simulatorIts tatical espionage action at its finest.Tranq guys on vehicles and mechs, steal their said vehicle/mech, then wait for them to wake up and listen to what they say.Throw a decoy and watch them get mad when they investigateDrop supply drops on peoples heads and watch the magicYou get a custom playlist in game with a custom Helicopter insertion song of your choice... My choice:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dVyc-0WITYVery appropriate since you ""Fulton extract"", or airlift, bad guys and brainwash them to join your army. Gotta catch em all!"
,Recommended,287700,30023967,Posted: 18 February,all,moosh.,TACTICAL PACHINKO ACTION
,Recommended,287700,22203476,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Python+,"Roses are RedViolets are Blue""I'm Big BossAnd you are, too..."""
,Not Recommended,287700,17959447,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,WaRLocKTheoRy,"A Fan's ReviewAn Introduction-I don’t normally write reviews, and I know that this is going to be a big surprise to some people, but I feel like I would be doing an injustice to myself if I didn’t try and share my opinion on this game. I realize that I may be among a small amount of people that feel this way, or maybe I am wrong… Regardless of that, I think that this review is coming from an enormous fan of the series since the NES days and I hope that people reading will respect that. That being said, I will try to organize this well, and make this an objective review.I down-thumbed this game for a MULTITUDE of COLLECTIVE reasons, I will discuss them in a random and not really specific order, but I hope to cover everything I can without going too crazy long. I will compare this game to its prequels at times, I believe it is fair in some ways and not so in others, although I am aware that this game is very different.  Here we go, boys and girls, it’s a long one.GAMEPLAY-This game, if you familiar or not, is part of a relatively old series that originated in 1987 (NES release date). Of course the gameplay dramatically changed since then, but this game in particular is, as you may know, a far-cry from the other installments. Open world, Tactical Espionage Action. This is what the game does exceedingly well. MGS always pioneered great gameplay and Mr. Kojima is known to make whatever sacrifices needed to insure this. This game is in no way a BAD game to play, it may very well be the best game to date that allows the player to wander as they wish, doing as they please in a militaristic setting, but I feel it may be the worst Metal Gear.STEALTH-It creeps closer to realism in this game, Guard shift changes, weather impacts, flashlights, supply routes, communications, and many more make this game a revolution in the stealth field. Over the course of the game enemies will adapt to YOUR playstyle, giving themselves helmets if you score headshots, flashlights and night vision if you attack more at night. It is very hard to say negatives about this area of the game without splitting hairs, this was the focus of the series and Metal Gear always did this well. Just for difficulties sake, turn off reaction time.COMBAT-This is where the game misses a small step. I was hoping for more of an array of customization to Snake’s load out. It is has become the Metal Gear way to have two pistols, one tranquilizer and is .45, especially Big Boss, however this is impossible. The types of weapons you can carry into battle are rather set in stone. That aside, most other things are very well organized and going loud is a very viable option for fun in this game alongside sneaking, making them wish they never spotted you.CUSTOMIZATION-This is, in my opinion, the best quality of the game. You have complete control to customize almost every aspect of the game to your liking. Change the color of almost everything you can use, and develop your own emblem to be shown on flags and shoulders. And the game features my favorite weapon customization type, akin to Army of Two, you can mix and match barrels and stocks of all your guns and create entirely new ones in the process. Making the assortment of weapons in the game essentially multiply.The F.O.B.-The online Forward Operating Base was a great idea on paper before release, but it is a rather large disappointment for many in the game, a lot of people just choose to ignore it. Once you do infiltrate once, you almost already have done it all. It almost makes you a nanny, taking you out of intense missions to make you defend your base against someone like me, who invades just to take all your resources, pummels you with explosives and waltzes to the command room.  This aspect of online I’m sure will be shadowed by the coming Metal Gear Online which I hope is grand.Storyline-It is with this that I may be the most unsatisfied. Simply put, it does not live up to the quality of Metal Gear. The fans looked forward for the first steps of Big Boss’ plunge into villainy, they wanted to see the beginnings of The Terrible Children, and they wanted to see hatred and revenge… I don’t see any of those things delivered. The trailers for the game were almost a lie, manipulating scenes in almost all the cut scenes to make you think something completely different about them. It’s not something I feel that I can approve of. We are given areas of the game for choices to be made that impact nothing, only lead to the exact same ends defeating the purpose of their existence.For what seems no reason “Too be continued” is put in the middle of cut scenes, breaking the immersion to bring you back to the mission selection screen for you to press next mission and continue anyway immediately. Movies and shows do this break not because they want to, but because they have to for time slots, and in an industry that is trying way too hard to become another, instead of forging its own path, this game is the definition of attempts at that. Do not mistake me for saying that movies and games shouldn’t mix and “Metal Gear shouldn’t be like a movie,” I am saying that it shouldn’t have to bring over the bad qualities of them to do so. The sad truth is the one damned place we should have gotten the “Too be continued” was at the end of the game because it ends so abruptly, I was barely aware it ended. The game has a plethora of gutted content that haunt the fans. It’s what happens when a game as big as Metal Gear comes out in days where this is becoming more and more okay for developers to give us unfinished games.METAPHORS AND THEIR EFFECTS ON GAMEPLAY-Kojima had a lot of messages to deliver with this game. I think that it might be the first ever example of a game that features such heavy metaphors that it encumbers the gameplay, removing the fun from it. If you kill, snake will be covered in blood, but if you kill too much he will be covered permanently too look like a demon. The player is now punished to play with low resolution red blotches covering their body as they extract helpless animals out of their habitat to the middle of the ocean to get “Nice” point. If I wanted to play Fable, I would play Fable.It is the metaphors that lead to the most questioned aspect of the game. I will try to continue without spoiling anything. At the shortened finale of the game, we lose a beloved asset to the gameplay. A favorited aspect of the game is removed for the sole purpose of being beaten over the head by a metaphor, into submission. It is the prime example of the will for powerful metaphors hindering fun, and for a game designer I misunderstand how this is a good choice. Petitions are already in place for the changing of this, and a mod is most likely right around the corner. There already is one, but it is a little complicated and isn’t a solid answer yet.TL;DRSo in conclusion, I am merely saying what most others are saying online, the game is a disappointment to the fans of the series, but the gameplay is truly rock solid. It is still a great game to be played, but it is barely a Metal Gear. In my personal, biased, eyes the series should have ended and did end at Guns of the Patriots. This game was a move to copy the gameplay of Peace Walker with more action and deliver it on a massive AAAA scale. But the sad truth is, not many fans enjoyed Peace Walker, and in such, not many are approving of this game. I know I am making blanket statements, and you may have enjoyed Peace Walker and this game too, however take a trip online and see the big picture. I’m not going to be your big brother and point you to answers online, but don’t do so unless you beat the game, spoilers are everywhere. As a fan, I dislike this SEQUEL.Thanks for reading, share your thoughts!"
,Recommended,287700,22791053,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,nismo,"never played a metal gear solid game before but got to say, with some basic research you will understand the story and it will get you going. the gameplay is nice, the story is nice, there's a lot you can do in both africa and afghanistan."
76561198147086783,Not Recommended,287700,18034011,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Droledian27,BORED!I'm very good and big fan of MGS games and i played all mgs games.. last week i bought this game for pc it was really exciting begining of game and other 15 hours. I'm completted almost all side missions. Now im at mission 17 (main mission) but its going to boring for me. i dont know why. May be im bored cuz im playing everyday this game but its really going to boring.This game not like old mgs game okay but i cant hug the main story. I'm playing this game for epic story but im not feeling that anymore. May be i should stop the play this game. I dont like spoilers stuff but may be i should watch all story videos on youtube and stop to play this game. I dont know what to do.Anyone feeling same like me?
,Not Recommended,287700,18272476,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,itsAmatiramisu,"A good game, but not a good Metal Gear game. If you're unfamiliar with the series, you should take no issue with this game. However, as a fan of the series, I feel as if i've wasted 60 bucks. I understand if anyone reading this disagrees, but I couldn't bring myself to enjoy this game in it's entirety."
76561198048162264,Not Recommended,287700,18051876,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Danny Isn't Here,"No spoilers other than it's horrifiyingly sub-par.My inner child is distraught. I honest to god didn't notice the game ended. I kept waiting for another mission and just thought ""maybe one more side mission or mother base upgrade"" but nothing.The game is excellent in many catagories but holy god this must be what the star wars generation experienced when they got ""Phantom Menace"". I cannot stress enough. Played a lot. Enjoyed everything, ached for what all the amazing boss fights might have been."
,Recommended,287700,26002757,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,/pol/gage [epic gamer],Pretty good game
76561198077924697,Recommended,287700,22601151,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Owl,The real phantom pain was when i got stuck with a black loading screen for ten minutes.
,Not Recommended,287700,21667008,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Twatlord,"In short, I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game, though I have to admit it does have improvements and nice points that stand out from other Metal Gear games. If you're a long time fan of the series, most of the time you'll just get frustrated and keep saying ""What the ♥♥♥♥ am I playing?"" - for newcomers it's a good entry game (even though it's supposedly the ""missing link that completes the saga""). Trust me, the explanation is so weak by the time you play the other games you'll think it was a last-minute thought.My original review apparently was too long to be accepted as a review."
,Not Recommended,287700,18049187,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Piss-Cooled Machine gun,"As a long time metal gear fan, this game is an abomination. The story is weak, pointless, and has almost no impact on the series as a whole. Paz being alive is a joke. saying it was ""all in your head"" is a retcon. we saw her explode, fans got mad, they added her back. simple as that. its a ♥♥♥♥ing shame too, because that was the one legitimate thing to come out of ground zeroes. and the gameplay is terrible. the weapons feel weak and powerless, the AI is worse than MGS1, there is regenerating health, vehicle physics are comedic at best. there is no challenge in the game at all, up until the final mission i was getting S ranks left and right. i think i only died once in the whole thing because i drove off a cliff by accident. vehicals make the game a joke. an actual joke. you can drive up in your tank, fire repeatedly until everything is dead and drive away without them spotting you because they think this giant pink tank with weird logos all over it, KILLING ALL THEIR COMRADES is actually one of their own. you can run forever with no consequence, there are like 4 boss fights in the entire game and they all suck. and lack any challange what so ever.I could go on for days. peace walker was a portable game and even that didnt rely on using the same exact mission over and over again. it had unique story moments, interesting challenging bosses, an armory over 10 times the size... remember when you encounted a stronger version of an enemy vehicle? it was a T-72 opposed to a T-62A. a whole new beast. in this game its... the exact same tank but red now. and you can still just walk up to it and hold A for 2 seconds and its yours forever. oh also, the soundtrack.. not a single memorable song in the whole game. the only song worth mentioning is the peace walker theme. which they use all the time. despite that being for, you know, peace walkerremember in peace walker when bosses actually put up a fight? i'd rather sit and chip a tanks health down than run up to it, hold A and be done with the whole mission in seconds. probably around a quarter of the side ops can be completed without leaving the helicopter. like, what? the AI is literally so bad sometimes i'll be standing right next to a guy and he wont see me, and wont even notice when im firing. its baffling. the thing i loved about previous metal gear games was consequence, sure you could fire your gun. but everyone will hear it. not so in this game. again, you can drive a tank 2 feet infront of a guy and fire and they will assume its an enemy sniper. i dont understand how you had fun with either of the bosses you mentioned. with quiet, i drove my jeep up to her, unloaded a shotgun into her face and was done with it. with metal gear, i shot it with my BMP for a couple minutes and it went down without me losing a vehicle. and of course there is no broomhandle. there is no NOTHING in the game. no real world weapons, no real world vehicles. no real world equipment. no real world uniforms, no real world ANYTHING except music. which you never hear because its just playing on radios. what happened to alert themes? and what is with the areas in the game. you go from desert, to desert with trees in it. and they reuse most of the same assets. same buildings, colectables. oh and sorry to let you know, there are exactly 4 types of vehicle in the game. jeep, truck, APC and tank. and only two variants of each. some are ""stronger"" because they are red or black... but what does that matter when all you have to do is waddle up to them and hold A for 2 seconds? where is the thrill of being stealthy? the terror of being found. remember when firing your assault rifle was a last resort?and to think about mission structure. oh god. the main missions of this game were ""fulton this guy"" ""find this paperwork"" ""blow up a thing"" thats literally it. copy and paste for 200 hours. peace walker had so much more. really diverse bosses, with harder more advanced versions opening up later in the game. tons of unique side missions, like sticking up a bunch of guys only using a banana, or sniping balloons before they take your men away. and the fight against your own customized zeke? one of the best fights in series history. i'd much rather spend time fighting a boss than firing 2 bullets at it and calling it a day also the story, snake reaching his breaking point. throwing away everything to peruse the boss. or what he thought was the boss. seeing him grow as a character. what does this game give us? a thousand hours of ""that medic from ground zeroes that does nothing""OH also, zanzibar land... not even mentioned. like, ISNT THIS GAME SUPPOSED TO BRIDGE THAT GAP!?what a ♥♥♥♥ing trainwreck. I actually want my money back"
,Not Recommended,287700,18083784,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Losti,Chapter 2 happened....
76561198088473507,Recommended,287700,26032486,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,HitMaN 47,"Great Game!! OFC with amazing touches, there are alot to do in this game and need alots of time to finsh the achievements that's why i love this game <3"
76561198133611255,Not Recommended,287700,28201060,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,LeatherHorn,gone are the days of stealth and espionage here are the days of a empty boring open world.
,Recommended,287700,33106217,Posted: 1 July,all,Abuata,Yes jusss yes famalambolamalamalam
,Not Recommended,287700,18360111,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Malleable Soul,"http://steamcommunity.com/app/287700/discussions/0/490121928361826511/?tscn=1444164848#p1So.Mandated mutliplayer mode for a single-player oriented game.You lose the resources and soldiers you earn in single-player because people in mutliplayer can take them.You can get insurance to not lose these things... except it costs real money... even worse it isn't a one time payment.Not to mention, hackers roam free since there is no anti cheat."
,Not Recommended,287700,18151690,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,RetardedCousin_Owl™,"This review is aimed at fans of the franchise who want a Metal Gear experience. If you have never played a Metal Gear before, you can skip this review. Needless to say, this review is spoiler free.Here it is, MGSV: The phantom pain, the title perfectly represents what I'm feeling right now. Let me explain.The first hours I felt in love, I thought this would be the definitive MGS experience ever, I felt like I was truly playing a MGS. But the time passed, hours and hours playing the game and I started to feel like something was missing, like something wasn't real. Till the end, when I realized that in fact, the MGS experience wasn't even there in the first place. A phantom pain...As a game in generalAs a stealth game, MGSV is superb. Gameplay is excellent and everything works perfectly. There's many ways to beat the same mission that this could be the ultimate stealth game to date. There's many gadgets and different weapons although most of them are variations of the same one.There's plenty of content, but most of it is endless grinding or repetitive side ops. The only content worth playing are the main missions and even those lack variety. Not just that but most of them don't add anything to the story, are just there to extend the lenght of the game with pointless tasks.FOB is a bloody mess, there's cheaters, quitters, and is unbalanced. Game forces you to create a FOB so you will be constantly exposed to lose resources and soldiers, even if you are offline. So you may wonder, why include it if it is such a bad feature? Easy, microtransactions. That and to shut the mouth to those asking for an online mode that isn't purely PVP.Graphics look great although the engine doesn't use DX11, you can notice the lack of tessellation making the game look kinda awful if you zoom in on objects. Plus the textures quality isn't that great but oh well, is a port from consoles and overall it looks good so no biggie.One of the biggest dissapointments imo is the map. Map is kinda big, not as massive as other games like Skyrim or Witcher 3 but still, what dissapoints me is the fact that the map is pretty much empty. Yes, there's outposts to attack but they are all the same, with little variation. You can see a truck from time to time driving between posts and animals running around but that's it. There's not much to see or explore.Sound effects imo are superb, but the soundtrack is not as great as we were used to. Plus this game has an issue that nowadays no one should forgive, lack of sound options. You can only set the volume for your own music tracks (the ones you use in the choppa) and that's prety much it. No voice volume, no sound effects volume, nothing.As a Metal Gear installmentAs a Metal Gear game, it lacks everything that a MG must have. Lacks charismatic bosses, lacks an interesting story (that becomes irrelevant the more you play), lacks decent cinematics to add meat to the story. In fact, pretty much the whole story is explained through tapes. I don't want long♥♥♥♥♥45 mins cinematics like MGS4 did, but this game has one of the poorest story telling out there. Most of the cinematics are less than a min length and contain only a couple pointless phrases that no one gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about.The game pays no respect to characters like Ocelot, who becomes BB's maid out of the blue. Come on, is mother♥♥♥♥ing Revolver Ocelot. Even the villains, like skull face, aren't that great, they had the potential but aren't properly developed to become charismatic like most MG villains are. Everybody remembers characters like The Boss, Volgin, Ocelot, Ninja, Solidus, but after beating this installment who will remember skull face?The ending, I'll avoid spoilers but is a ♥♥♥♥ing mess. Recently there's been a lot of articles all around the internet talking about missing content like a proper ending, a missing whole chapter, etc... and that would explain why the game feels so half arsed.In the end, this game adds nothing to the MG universe. Yes, it explains a few plot holes but creates a thousand more making the whole experience pointless for MG fans. Again, it feels unfinished.Do I recommend this game? I want to but I can't. Like I said, the gameplay is excellent and to those who don't care about MG universe is a must if you love stealth game. But for people like me, old fans that played most MG games (Personally I haven't played portable ops) this game is a let down. There was so much hype thanks to the trailers, but that's all you get playing the game. Even less since a lot of the scenes that the trailers show are missing from the game.TldrGameplay is excellent, but lacks what a MG is about. If you don't care at all about MG universe and just want to have fun, go ahead and buy it, you won't regret it. But if you are a die hard fan, don't get your hopes too high. Overall it feels incomplete, like Konami decided to force Kojipro to release the game earlier and this is what we got.Gameplay wise, the best MG. Story wise, the worst, even worse than MGS4 and even MGS4 had delightful moments. Sorry Kojipro, sorry Kojima, but this isn't the MG I was expecting and is far from perfect. Those who gave this a 10 haven't played any other MG game or were just looking for a stealth game and nothing else.This game reminds me of Hitman: Absolution. Good game but a bad installment. Ofc that means all I talked about in this review will only affect to those who played most MG games before, and the rest won't care at all. But that's why I can't recommend this, because there's plenty of stealth games, but if I bought this game is because I wanted a METAL GEAR experience, not just some generic stealth game."
,Not Recommended,287700,18605640,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Mr Speaker,"As a hardcore ***serious gaming*** Metal Gear fanboy, I can say with complete confidence that this game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥stain on the legendary series it hails from.But even Metal Gear fell victim to modern day games and game development standards set by the powers that be, as a result Kojima coughed up this horse♥♥♥♥♥♥of an 'open world' game because he had a hard on for GTA 5 and he delivers nothing at all that we have not seen before in games and totally fails to live up to any hype whatsoever.http://www.digitalspy.co.uk/gaming/news/a578774/hideo-kojima-depressed-again-over-gta-5-on-ps4-xbox-one.htmlSeriously watching the MGSV trailers actaully depresses me because of what this game was supposed to be.""But the gameplay is fun as hell at least! What's wrong with you?""MGS4 has deeper gameplay than this gameThe gameplay has been fun since the franchise was frickin born, so you can stop trying to write off MGSV as a success because of that, not to mention Ground Zeroes is a better game and has the same gameplay.But wait, you have 200 hours! How can anyone play a game they hate for 200 hours?!It took me about 100 hours to get through all the padding and tedium to actually finish the story because I was determined to see some development, like you I fell for Kojima's spell and thought this game would get amazing later on, but it actaully got worse. 20 hours were probably spent idle crying at my desk because the story sucked♥♥♥♥♥ the rest was waiting for items to get developed because everything was on an 18min to 2 hour timer. lolol.By the time I was even half way through Chapter 1 and not even in Africa, I knew I was disappointed with the story. When Chapter 2 came and the preview hyped everything up I was excited, thinking... this can get better right? It didn't. It got worse, way worse.I'm not going to talk about the story, it's half finished and even with the cut mission(s) we know about the game would've still been underwhelming anyway. I'm annoyed at Chapter 1 almost as much as Chapter 2. Especially since the fact that this game might as well have not happened to be honest and we would be none the wiser, this game settles absolutely nothing that we wanted to know.The missions are full of fetchquests, Ocelot has been dumbed down to an office administrator and Kaz just yells in your ear constantly to save these random guys because I'm a nice person or because Kaz told me to or something.When some good mission actaully happened or cutscene I was like 'wow its about to get real!' then it was over as soon as I said that to myself.The side ops are the worst padding ever, worse than Skyrim. Worse than any padding I've ever experienced. I have more fun grinding in boring turn based RPGs. Literally all 150 missions are the same, have fun with that.The only thing this game has going for it was the prologue/intro, but then even replaying it becomes tedious because it's this semi-interactive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that lasts for an hour and it's NOT fun.Even the final mission is a rehash of the prologue, and that is just pathetic even by Kojima's standards.Honestly it's very clear what the problems are with this game, and if you can't see that you're blind. If you enjoy the gameplay I totally understand that, most games these days are like TPP: Victims of empty open worlds full of useless padding.I give this game a final score of (score removed)/10"
,Recommended,287700,17896822,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,JK-47,"NANOMUSHEENS, SON!"
,Not Recommended,287700,28613998,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Astore,"Well long story short... this game could have been so much more!I'm not familiar with all of the story from the earlier MGS games, but I think I got the jist fpr this quite right.The story is actually not bad, when there is any. Most of the time you move around to quite big open-world areas and complete missions to earn money and build you crew at mother base.Those missions are separated in two kinds: Main und Side missions. Then there are two other kind of missions marked by either a yellow or white text which you can find in both side or main missions. So all in all you have to do all the yellow missions in order to finish the story. And all the ""main"" missions in order two get the farthest in a technology tree.The idea behind the tech-trees is actually quite interesting, but completely overshadowed by the fact that you have to do the same stuff over and over again. Recuing nameless peole, killing other nameless people etc etc. Every 5th mission or so you then actually do something interesting.All in all a nice try, guid looking characters, who I'm sure do have an interesting background story, just that it is completely left out of the cutscenes.This game just does too many things wrong in order to feel good... or even complete.Completed in about 30 hours, with the least amount of missions possible because of the reasons above."
,Not Recommended,287700,18032904,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Dexter,"- Awful story- Map Design- Empty World- Bossfights??!- No one talks- The Mainops feels like a big Side-op- 4 mission types, copied and pasted 200 times- Practically no cutscenes"
,Not Recommended,287700,19036087,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Sham,"You know how you like something initially, and then it gets rended to crap by a publisher? This game is that.I enjoyed the 100+ hours I spent on it, but I also did all of it offline before the changes.Unfortunately, this upsets Konami, so they removed a lot of single-player features, moved them to online, realized THAT wasn't making them money, and then they put up a gigantic 100+$ paywall to stop you from actually completing the game. This is beyond awful, and I should consider getting a refund, just so I can send an apology money-order to Kojima. Even if he burns the money on the spot, it would still have more value than this.Not to mention the game isn't actually complete to begin with, but oh well."
76561198022993815,Recommended,287700,17855707,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Princess Celestia,Totaly Hideo Kojima Game.Every second is awesome.
,Recommended,287700,17891520,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,DEMI-O,Unfinished video game simulator.
,Recommended,287700,17842588,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,=7Cav=COL.Treck.M,"This is one of my favorite games of the past few years, and I have yet to finish it!I'm not going to write a long review, but it's very well optimized for PC. It also has a wonderful story and an excellent narative. It's loaded with features in single-player, you'll always have something to do. The only downside is that the primary multiplayer component won't be released for a few months. But there is plenty to do in the singleplayer until then!"
76561198006761699,Recommended,287700,17882276,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Daddy Cool,"I been playing Metal Gear on MSX in 1987.the game keeps gettin better and better there is no such thing as a bad metal gear game!!!""Recommend""10/10"
76561198082111877,Recommended,287700,23985719,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,PepeMeister,Great Game but i dont understand why there is fire people and flying humans and♥♥♥♥♥♥ other wise its a good game.
,Recommended,287700,17935720,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Mr.T,"Want to manage your own outfit? Sorry wrong phrasing there, what I meant to say was your own tactical OU. The chance to deploy troops on regional operations, manage tech/RD, recruit POW's, infilitrate enemy encampments on solo ops, infiltrate FOB's, charge into FOB's/enemy encampments, travel to regional locations with varying degrees of flexibility in your approach to an objective and well, everything operating your own tactical OU entails pretty much. There are far more things to be done and to do. Being 'Boss' ain't easy and requires a lot of input, but you have an entire MB to support you in that regard. A growing MB at that.So if you ever dreamed of managing your own tactical OU with the guise of being this legendary Warrior (the greatest Warrior of the 21st Century mind you) and operating all this from your laptop then hell, this game is for you soldier. Think Jagged Alliance 2 but a little more involved I'd say....Bet you'd never see that comparison coming.Now get your laptop online and connect to your TCO and prepare to engage and infiltrate FOB's of opposing PMC's. Oh and let's not forget to help out Big Boss eh? Afterall we are the guys that provide Mother Base, Big Boss and all his tactical units full coverage and support via our laptops/PC's. Feel's good to be an NCO (Senior NCO at that) and work alongside Big Boss himself even though we do not deploy to the field personally, we ensure operations are controlled to the smallest detail (quite literally I'm sure you would all agree).So how would I rate managing my own tactical OU? Well I don't. I only do what is needed to be done and carry out order's as is expected of a soldier and I expect you all to do the same.(I thought Witcher 3 was a generational MasterPiece. It seems there is yet anouther game that must be added to the list of Generational Masterpieces. Hell Big Boss may be the greatest Warrior of the 21st Century, but Kojima's game is defintely one of the greatest game's of this Generation. Period)."
,Recommended,287700,23734037,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Loi,"METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE MISSING GAMENo seriously, there's a ton of stuff missing, but if you can look past at the poor business decisions by Konami (like putting all the attention of the developers on online portion, URGH), this is a fantasticsingle playerexperience.The story is rather lackluster compared to other Metal Gear games, however this game does an amazing thing; it stands on its own. With so many other games in the franchise, and with three games preceding this one storywise, it's kinda incredible. But, if you're a Metal Gear fan, you may be a little miffed at how it attemps to shoehorn itself in the middle of the timeline, but it's not as much of a disaster as people say.In some instances, however, this game gets the flak that it deserves. An entire third chapter, including a new area to play in, is missing. This doesn't diminish how great the content in the game is, but it leaves you kinda sad, because.. well, the story isn't even rounded up by the time the game ends. A few plotpoints get rounded off, but the game leaves on a major cliffhanger. But even then, we already know what happens, since the unfinished third chapter is up for viewing on YouTube.Sucks, huh?But sheesh, the gameplay is so good that it almost doesn't even matter. Yes, I wanted another place to play in, but what I have is alreadyso bigandso huge.I recently got back into playing the game, and I'm playing the same friggin' missions, and I'm still finding new routes to infiltrate the different outposts. Recently, I found you could just climb a bunch of rocks to get right inside a base. I had been crawling almost inside, jumping off a tower and landing inside the base previously. I felt stupid, but it was also insane to think I was still discovering stuff like this 300 hours into the game.If you want a bunch of delicious gameplay served to you on a silver platter (because let's be real, this game is quite beautiful), then this game is for you. Runs like a dream too, even on my old GTX660. I'm playing on High graphics. On a GTX660. That's insane.I hate assigning scores, so I will refrain from doing so, but I can personally recommend this game. Not for the story, not for the amazing characters or beautiful graphics, but for the insanely varied and minute-to-minute gameplay.Oh, and if Konami decides to release some expansions, I'll buy those too. Yes, I'm a sucker for doing so (because Konami is a terrible company), but I don't care. This game is worth it."
,Recommended,287700,17904109,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Gotohellcadz,"This is a very hard game to recommend, not because its gameplay is bad. MGS 5 is a more streamlined and free approach to the classic stealth action game, giving you full freedom as to how you want to handle encounters. But during its 40+ hours of fun gameplay you reach this sudden stop that kicks your teeth in and leaves you questioning everything. Both in the literal sense as the game has left many cliffhangers midway through the game (that were appearantly cut due to time restrictions) and the metaphorical/emotional sense as it pulls a classic kojima twist ending and makes you lose a very valuable character you may or not have come to really enjoy. If you're just looking for something that's worth your 60+ hard earned dollars then go for this game, port wise it runs very well albeit its actual option menu is barebones at best, complete garbage ""why-did-you-port-this-console-junk?"" at worst. And considering the servers for the small packed in dark souls invasion style FOB mode has been caught in a choke hold by the massive playerbase crippling it we can hope its true competitive online portion metal gear online won't be a complete vegetable on its launch later in january of next year."
,Recommended,287700,17934167,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,✪ PICKLE RICK ✪ ESEA PRO ✪,"i like the game but as a fan of the story, the ending was worse than some of the fan theories i readedit: the story is still lacking in my opinion, but it holds up as a great experience by itself"
76561198085287212,Recommended,287700,17998209,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,DELTA FORCE,"You get to spend the first hour of the game staring at some dudes♥♥♥♥♥♥crack while trying to avoid highly trained soldiers that can't look under beds and strange supernatural stuff in a hospital.10/10Best♥♥♥♥♥♥s in gaming - IGN♥♥♥♥♥♥crack simulator 2015- PCgamergame also includes a half naked woman, russians, africans and kids that you can shoot in the face with a shotgun"
,Recommended,287700,23145990,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Zadok_m,"I wrote a review for this game a long time ago but didn't exactly publicize it. But with the very many debates and arguments for or against this game for whatever reason, I thought that I'd write my own idea about it here.So i'll start with a little bit of background. MGSV was the first MGS game i played and after I beat it I went and (I think) played all of the main canon MGS games except for 4, including 1, 2, 3, Portable Ops, and Peace Walker. (I played Revengeance too but thats kind of different). I'm currently working on being able to play 4 and, by what you can probably see by my profile picture and all the stuff on my profile, I'm a pretty big MGS nerd.With the whole idea of the Metal Gear Solid stories and ideas in my head, I am well aware that this game is very very different from the rest of them in many more ways than one. However there will be no ""♥♥♥♥ konami"" related things in this because honestly I didn't see much of a reason to care for the differences. I see that MGSV was not a game most people expected and now that i've played the rest, I wouldnt've expected it either. It's incredibly different and unfinished at that, theres literally an entire zone of the game missing, but with what we have here I still feel like it's one of the best next gen experiences for video games right now.Even though it's unfinished, I actually did enjoy the story. It was different from others but I really did like it. The whole idea of revenge and the parasites seemed really cool to me and I wish they ended up finishing it. (Being vague cause spoilers). It's extremely intense too. I really wish I could re-experience the opening of the game for the first time again because of how much was going on, it was insane and it left me genuinly scared a few times. As well as a mission later in the game where you basically watch Snake make a huge choice with rules he had set within his own army as well as his own morals, leaving him broken at the end of the mission. Being vague again.. but lets just say I had a hard time actually getting through the mission, not because of difficulty but just how i felt about it.Im not much of a graphics person but graphically the game looks amazing and even better if you mod it a little bit. I downloaded some shaders that made the game look even nice in my opinion and gave me an actual reason to use night vision in the game. Thought i'd get that out of the way real quickNow the gameplay is really what sold this game out to me. It's so fun and i'm going to try to be as brief as possible about it. It's free roam, and honestly one of the best free roam games out there right now. It gives you a bunch of freedom with exploration as well as freedom on how you want to do things. You can stealth, you can be loud, you can be lethal, you can knock people out. All basic stealth game esc stuff right? Indeed but, it adds so much more to that aspect. You can get a horse to use as faster transportation if you dont have a car and dont want to run, and you can shoot people on top of it, or hang off the side of it to hide from people as your horse rides past them. You can get a dog, use it to scope out enemies around you, kill those enemies, and of course you can pet it. Theres also so many takedown/melee based stuff you can do too, like chain together a line of people and body slam them all into the ground, pick one up, and throw him at the guy in the distance knocking them both unconscious. You can use a cardboard box as a sled, and to impersonate another guard or use it as some sort of distraction. I could go on for hours about the gameplay and freedom with the game but theres a ton of things that I still haven't even figured out yet. Even with the amount of hours I have clocked into this game.Overall this game is amazing and my current favorite. I feel like I still didn't scratch the surface with the things you can do in this game but the game is so worth it to me that you should just go try it yourself.Since ratings are a thing people do I might as well do it as well. 9/10"
,Recommended,287700,17849950,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Smile,Must have !!Story Rich that keep you play time to time.
76561198004172339,Recommended,287700,24818024,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Wrexpert,A very big Metal Gear Solid game. 10/10
76561198095064802,Recommended,287700,17911093,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,heriheto,its aight
76561198036072035,Recommended,287700,17839346,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ektele,A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME.10/10
76561198000748422,Recommended,287700,24116394,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Warchild,"So after exploring everything this game has to offer I figured I would post my own review about it. MGSV is probably one of the best games I have ever played and I do not say that lightly as I think we can all agree that most of the games that come out these days miss an element here and there.I would like to start by saying that aside from playing MGS3 a little while I was in college on a friends console this is the first MGS game I have played through in its entirety as I only play on a PC. Part of me does feel a bit sad that I do not know the rich lore that goes along with the characters and the MGS universe. Having said that the game works well enough as a stand alone and knowing the history isn't essential but I can only imagine how it improves the experience for those versed in the mythology.The sound and voice acting are well done and do a wonderful job of bringing you into the game experience. The music is great as well and even just getting to know these characters I felt the connection to them growing quickly. Briefly going into the story (again it is great as a standalone) and although a bit cliché at times throws a new spin on certain world ending scenarios that I thought were clever and imaginative.The game mechanics are excellent. Having limited suppressors for your firearms so you have to make choices. Do I head shot this guy to put him down and use up the last of the suppressor or do I try to infiltrate and take him out with hand to hand moves? In addition to that the game starts to learn how to counter your tactics. If you like going in at night and taking enemies out with long range head shots, the enemy will start wearing helmets and night vision goggles. I will not say more than that but I appreciate the thought that was put into it as it did a great job of keeping me on my toes more than most games.The freedom this game allows is amazing. If you so choose you can simply focus on the main missions, burn through the story and be done with it. Just know there is plenty to do in this game that will soak up a lot of hours if you let it. Again I will not spoil anything here but when you are not on missions it is a sandbox environment so you can go around, explore and do whatever you like and there is a lot to do.There are some things I find annoying about the game:Although the controls work well, going into cover can sometimes be tricky when trying to get your character to hit the wall in just that right way so he automatically hugs it. Another aspect of the movement system I find irritating is that sometimes the character has difficulty getting up even the slightest of inclines, where you are thinking to yourself “OK... what is the issue here?”One game mechanic that drives me up the wall is that when you get knocked down from an explosion etc you stay down until you actively get up with your keyboard or controller. When you read this you may not think it is such a big deal, but I can assure you that on some of the missions the action gets so hectic and intense (especially on the higher difficulties) that if you do not get up right away you are dead. I can see why they did what they did but that one little feature cost me more than I care to count.The last real negative aspect of the game I would like to go into is the PvP portion. I bring it up because I am not much for mulitplayer. From what I have read there is a way to bypass this by not accepting their terms of agreement but doing that prevents access to their servers, which causes a bunch of other problems. With that said building FOBs is a vital part of the game and greatly helps with the research and boosting other parts of the game I will not go into. However, having FOBs means other players can come in and crash your party a bit. Nothing major but it would have been nice for a way to opt out of that.So that is my two cents about this game. I know the review was long but I hope it helped."
,Recommended,287700,29177651,Posted: 10 January,all,Manic ッ,The loving tale of a snack becoming  the leader of a pack of doggies. Coming soon to a theatre near you!
,Recommended,287700,17834473,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SeV,Awesome port. It runs so smooth even a toaster could run this game. Beautiful and fun game.
,Recommended,287700,23188242,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,ADBE90,"It is a great game for the price, even at $60. I played most of my time in campaign and side missions and I loget over 100 hours on it."
,Recommended,287700,17915761,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Just Fuck My Rick Up,"Revolver ""Revolver Ocelot"" Ocelot- Revolver ""Revolver Ocelot"" Ocelot"
,Recommended,287700,23510854,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Iraklii5,"A very nice game. Didn`t have any technical issues, works perfectly(GTX770). But it also has some different sides, that we`ll discuss below:Pluses:1. 2 big places with wide open space (sands of Afghanistan and jungles of Angola-Zaire border region)2. Big variety of different weapon3. Graphics are pretty nice out here.4. Nice soundtrack, picked up somewhere from the middle of 80s.Minuses:1. Really bad and unclear story. Only those who played previous games can understand the story and it`s weird2. The monotony of gameplay. Missions are really very simillar to each other and it`s weird x23. Side missions is the worst part of the game. You have a standart list of quests, and when it comes to an end, MGS just gives you a permission to repeat the same mission, that you`ve completed about 15 minutes ago."
76561198062891222,Recommended,287700,23018442,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Gearz [TRF],"Tactical Espionage Action at it's finest. The choice of a stealth or loud approach to missions is entirely up to you, the guards have random patrol patterns to keep you guessing where they will be and the fulton recovery system never gets old :D. Having Keifer Sutherland voice Big Boss is a great move for Kojima, and I just wish they did it back for Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, being a big 24 fan, I can say that Sutherland just has the perfect acting voice for the protagonist.Excellent storyline so far, but I still need to complete it fully. It has a cast of rather believeable characters even though some of them are a genetic milestone away from reality. And just as a side note, Quiet is my new Pinup Girl!The Fox Engine really helps you to immerse yourself into the game with the excellent graphics, and the time shifting from day to night back again combined with the change in weather conditions also present extra challenges to be methodical around."
,Recommended,287700,17870562,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,sweetcooter,It's like puting your hand in a bag full of puppies.
,Recommended,287700,29565573,Posted: 29 January,all,Rey,good
76561198036101165,Recommended,287700,28876195,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,sliver5460,"Well that was a weird one. On one side it is a stellar game when it comes to gameplay mechanics, on another the repetitive nature of side ops and chapter 2 problems are just an obvious indication to the development issues of this game. Graphics are on par and the game is worth picking up for a sale price just for gameplay alone. Story wise it is just a mess and I had to basically push myself since the chapter 2 to finish the game. I expected further insight and development of the story and got the same thing I didn’t like from the side ops, repetition. Still, I enjoyed the open world, the ability to choose the way I want to go about my missions and the plethora of development options. All in all, pick it up on a sale."
,Recommended,287700,17920753,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Slaineify,I'm a cynic when it comes to games so this is hard for me to type/say but this is promised the world and ♥♥♥♥ing delivered.
76561198110704094,Recommended,287700,33055820,Posted: 30 June,all,Rad Raptor,Awesome game with a great story! This game is for the people who miss games with good well rounded plots.
,Recommended,287700,17999307,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,bambles,"This game is absolutely incredible. Ever since I played MGS V: Ground Zeroes, I was so hooked on Metal Gear. I watched a break-down video series of the ENTIRE Metal Gear story on YouTube by [Eligible Monsters Gaming] who offered a big insight to the basis of the story as a whole.>>> Here is a link to the story berak-down playlist:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqU3_cfWaeY2DT7imScZKA3_PZJHRfdzyI have long anticipated this game since it was announced back in 2012(I think) and now that is it out and I have sunk a great amount of my spare time into this game, all I can say is... this is Game of the Year material ladies and gentlemen. The Motherbase system is incredibly detailed and keeps you in the field gathering resources so you can build extra platforms. You can also build extra FOB bases in different locations but you need to purchase those waters first in order to build one there. This is where the game runs in to a pay wall of sorts but is totally avoidable if you're not looking have more than 2 bases. After mission 23 you have the option to build a 2nd FOB in a location of your choosing, the first one is free so make sure you choose a spot that gives you a decent flow of the resource you want the most. You can build these FOB bases up just like your main base; costs are the same, layout I'm pretty sure etc, etc. The only difference is you can upgrade your FOB bases security (adding security cameras, soldier decoys and extra personnel) as well as your friends can 'infiltrated' your FOB's to steal resources, gun emplacements, personnel and the like.Back to the 'pay wall' or more of just microtransactions. After the 2nd base is built you're given the option to build up to an additional 8 FOB's but you'll need to purchase the waters with MB coins. You can obtain these either through earning them by just playing or buying them in the Steam store. You don't need to buy extra FOB's though.Overall this game is an 11/10I doubt that there will be another true Metal Gear game after this one since Hideo Kojima is no longer working on them, but this is a great note to leave the Metal Gear series on."
,Recommended,287700,24404411,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,I Am Airborne,Best game of the year hands down.
,Recommended,287700,27631260,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Seer,This game is good.
76561198001980312,Recommended,287700,25702892,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Chummy 8,"The absolute best open world stealth game. The game gives you all the tools you could want to scope out a base, and then take out each soldier one by one. Or, say F it and call in an air strike on the base right before you drive a freaking tank through the front door.The story isn't the best MGS story ever, but it is crazy/msyterious enough to keep you interested.This was my favorite game of 2016 and one of my favorite games of all time.It's that good."
,Recommended,287700,17836967,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SCVoldo,Exeptional game and extraordinary PC port!
76561198049466154,Recommended,287700,17835254,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,LööpaLiidg,Can't really say anything else than just Hideo Kojima game!
76561198227886348,Recommended,287700,17836289,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ranhero21,"I have been a long time fan of the Metal Gear franchise.That being said, I could not have asked for more from this title. The ammount of detail that clearly went into it has already blown my mind into a zillion little brain shards!You should have this Hideo Kojima game!"
76561198136604006,Recommended,287700,17837961,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Snapper GT-R,"MasterpieceAll I can say is, wow! What an awesome game. Fantastic quality, even with my ""middle of the range pc"", i5 4460 cpu, GTX 760 gpu (single gpu) running on full ultra, and certainly Kojima and his teams best to date, you kept us all waiting, huh. Still in the early stages of the game but ""The best is yet to Come"".2015 is certainly the year of V.Thank you Kojima and team."
,Recommended,287700,17842901,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Moggy,It is like Hideo Kojima took all my favourite games and put them into a delicious milkshake
,Recommended,287700,17848667,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,llars024,"So far its a great game. Very well optimized. The only complaint i have is there is no Crossfire support. I get better performance running it with one card than both. Although, its not a huge issue since the game is so well optimized. I can run everything on ""Extra High"" with rock solid 60 FPS, except ""Lighting"" and ""Model Detail"" that i have to set on ""High"", either way it runs beautifully, i just wish crossfire was supported. Very fun game and highly recommended.Specs:ASUS Crosshair-V Formula-ZAMD FX-8350 4.0GHz16GB DDR3 RAM(x2-Crossfire) XFX R9 280A DD -3GB GDDR5Samsung EVO SSD"
76561198075559538,Recommended,287700,17834661,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,wildthangksy,Just got to say that when a company puts forth the time and effort to make a good console port it really pays off. Perfect example of how a game should be released and be a wonderful well optimized butter smooth experience. My hat is off to the developers of MGSV. Now if only developers such as ubisoft could learn from this and understand that we are PC players not console players we dont accept♥♥♥♥♥♥poor performance and broken games. I say i hope they learn because there is a missconception that no matter what a developer does when making a game it will be recieved with overwelming negativity on the pc. Utterly not true as the reviews on this page prove. When a developer does the bare minumum such as optimizing a game to run smooth it is showerd with praise.PS. that first chapter of the game was the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198082130020,Recommended,287700,23777763,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Chuy Sibilla,One of the best games I have ever played with... a masterpiece
76561198170124277,Recommended,287700,27229246,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dohko182,"After playing Metal Gear Solid V for more than 150 hours, I can safely say this game is excellent, for me it has it all, great story, great graphics, great characters, but above all excellent gameplay, you can finish a mission any way you want just use your imagination.Buy it.10/10."
76561198068677342,Recommended,287700,24453678,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Sarge,"So close to being one of the best games of all time. There were many more awesome things Kojima was planning to do with this, but... well, Konami happened.MGS was really going someplace great. We might have even gotten remakes of the original MSX2 games if Konami didn't suddenly suck a big pile of crap."
,Recommended,287700,17907897,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,imacookie🍪[眠い],.o7./ |./ \Thank you Boss!
76561198054346754,Recommended,287700,23011232,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,PlasticSavior,Hands down the finest game of 2016. Enjoyed each minute of it.
,Recommended,287700,22052533,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Comrade,This does everything a stealth game should do... but better10/10 IGN (thats actually the score they gave it XD!)
,Recommended,287700,23639056,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Skali,"Overwhelming story, great gameplay and soo much content. Graphics are great, music and voice acting are superb. What more do you want?"
,Recommended,287700,17924771,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Foxiest Grandpa in the West.,Its okay.
,Recommended,287700,17833300,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Piggly 2,"This game HATES the mouse, and doesn't understand the keyboard very well for menu navigation. What makes them think clicking my left mouse button means I want to click the ""highlighted"" element on the screen I don't know.Getting past the menu issues by restricting myself to arrow keys, the space bar, and escape button I began to be able to enjoy the game for what it was. Except they were constantly popping up controller-based icons trying to instruct me how to do things. I gave in and plugged in my xbox one controller and ever since I've enjoyed the game thoroughly without compromise.Does this make it a console port? Yes and No. The game is not plagued by any sort of performance issues expected from a console port. In fact it runs smoothly at 60fps with occasional hitching when I'm travelling too fast or I've been playing too long. This is to be expected on a 4 year old machine with a GTX 770, i7-930, 12GB of DDR3-1066, and an SSD running over SATA2. Still, I've never seen the FPS dip below 40 and I have the settings all set to the highest they will go at 1080p.This is an excellent game. The cinimetography is amazing. I haven't seen an offensive self-casting shadow yet. It is movie quality stuff here. I think the hair leaves something to be desired, especially the facial hair which looks very coarse on my PC. I think they tone down the graphics to reach 60FPS regardless."
,Recommended,287700,17917089,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Hello It Is Your Boy Pop Tartlet,"The gameplay all melds together, and eventually becomes a repetitive, monotonous, mess.I expected more from Kojima, mastermind of Norman Reedus and the Freaky Fetus.Also as a MGS fan this game is a disappointment.Memes."
,Recommended,287700,24586751,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,АндрейКва,"Unless you've been living under a rock, you already know that this is the ultimate stealth game. I just wanted to say a few things about the PC version of the game.PROSGraphics are great, even on the lower settings. The highest settings look gorgeous and perform, surprisingly, very well (in most cases). The framerate is consistent, and, despite occasional stutters and freezes, I can comfortably run the game at 1080p on maxed settings with a GTX 770, which was a two year old card when the game originally came out. There are also many graphics options for you to tweak.Mouse input is great. No accelleration or smoothing whatsoever, and it works perfectly both in third and first person.Loading times are very short. The game takes about 15 seconds, maybe even less, to load into Afghanistan from the main menu, and the Afghanistan map is pretty damn big. Areas of this size would take games like Dragon Age: Inquisition (which I have stopped playing multiple times because of the 3-minute-long loading screens) or Fallout 4 would take forever to load, just so they can slowly stream in assets while you play.You can add custom music to the game, and even set it as the music your helicopter plays when it lands.INDIFFERENTControls are a bit strange at first. They take some time to get used to, but they're fine once you do.The in-game ambient occlusion is dated. I forced high quality AO through the Nvidia Control Panel, and it looks much better.The field of view is a bit low at times, especially when crawling through small spaces and when crouching in interiors, but it's fine for about 90% of the game.The framerate is locked at 60 by default. Still, it's very good at maintaining that 60FPS.The only anti-aliasing method in the game is FXAA, and you can't disable it manually without turning down the post-processing in the graphics options.The depth of field looks pretty low-res if you're playing on a higher-res monitor. It doesn't ruin cutscenes, but it's not too pretty to look at.No mouse input in menus, except for the map menu on the iDroid. However, navigating the menus with the keyboard is pretty simple. You can use left click instead of enter and the WASD keys instead of the arrow keys.CONSThere's quite a bit of stuttering in this game. It can be pretty bad at times, and sometimes it even ruins stealth missions for me, but it's not nearly as bad as most PC ports, such as Fallout 4.Konami servers can be pretty unreliable. You're going to disconnect a lot, and you can only connect from the ACC, as far as I know. This is worse because the game contains singleplayer content that is locked online, and the game will (for some idiotic reason) transfer your Mother Base inventory online, which means you won't be able to access resources offline.The controls sometimes don't do what you want them to do. This doesn't happen too often, but it can ruin the mission when it does. You hold down the stance button to lie down while crouching, and you stand up right in the middle of an outpost, being noticed by everyone. Whoops.Overall, this is a pretty good PC port. This was made by a Japanese studio (that's relevant, because PC gaming is really small in Japan, that's why Japanese PC ports like Dark Souls suck) and this was also their first PC port since 2002's mediocre MGS2 port. They've massively outdone western developers such as Bethesda, who have been making PC games for years.I salute you, Kojima.EDIT: I want to say a few things on the game as well. I might add to this later.The Phantom Pain feels like a Ubisoft open world game. Scout out the enemy fort/camp/whatever and tag everyone with your binoculars, then go in and stealth it out. But this is better than a Ubisoft game because there's no pointless filler here. You probably know what I'm talking about. All the pointless collectibles scattered around the map that you have to collect to unlock either something useless or something that you don't need anymore because you're already in the late-game It would be very easy for Kojima's studio to do this, but they didn't, and thank Kojima for that, however the side-ops do get pretty repetitive.I've had a few hours with the multiplayer component, Metal Gear Online. The gameplay is basically an online version of the base game, except the actual game rules feel like a completely backwards version. Whereas the original game heavily encourages usage of non-lethal weaponry, it's pretty much 100% useless here (unless you're playing bounty hunter, and even then, it's situational and frustrating). Every mode is basically just team deathmatch where you go around gunning everyone, and it doesn't work well in a stealth game with no text chat on the PC. Sniper rifles are way too heavy, and you'll pretty much be unable to pack anything other than one of them without a speed penalty. Even then, they're pretty much pointless, because all everyone does is run around. You also can't change your first character's gender to female and your class is locked for each character you have, which is really stupid. The most common class is the scout, which is a misleading name, seeing as it is much better suited to being a sniper, but even then, you can pretty much throw sniping out the window, since it's not nearly as good as assault rifles. It's also the laggiest and most unresponsive multiplayer game I've ever played. In singleplayer, the game can be unresponsive, and things are a but sluggish at times, but that's not so bad, since it's a singleplayer game, and the AI is not nearly as good as a human player. Multiplayer's controls are a bit tighter than singleplayer, but not nearly tight enough. Overall, a waste of time and is just an exercise in frustration.The soundtrack is pretty good. The music is pretty tense when you're sneaking around and it pretty much always maintains the perfect level of tension. I don't really see why the game won awards for the music, though. I mean, it's nothing really special. It's pretty good when it's there, but it's not used that often, and isn't really that memorable or noticable when it is. Some of the music, like Quiet's theme and Sins of the Father (the WOAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH WHOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA song) is great, but I've yet to hear either of those in-game. The licensed soundtrack is stellar, and if you don't like some of the songs, you can use your own custom tracks. You don't know this game until you call for your support chopper and it starts blazing ""HIGHHHHHWAYYYY TOOOOO THEEEE DANGER ZONE"" on full volume. So overall, the soundtrack is pretty good, but it's pretty disappointing for me, considering the wonderful, memorable soundtracks of the previous games."
,Recommended,287700,24059841,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Locus,Somehow I missed this game when it game out...definitely recommend. Beautiful visuals.
76561197997814116,Recommended,287700,28885116,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Butler,Legitimately the best game I've had the pleasure to play in a very long time. No dissappointments and endless suprise factors.
,Recommended,287700,26838952,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jordanlol,"After 385hrs recorded, over 1mil heroism, every blue item in R&D unlocked, my save file vanishes.10/10, would feel the Phantom Pain again."
76561198032373367,Recommended,287700,28727550,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TT,"Very much recommend this, a fantastic game.Early game the storyline will feel instrusive and frustrating, you'll feel more like you just want to play the freeroaming style of the normal missions.Midgame you'll be looking forward to story missions and frustrated at any point that it isnt moving forwardLategame you'll be annoyed that non-story missions are being re-ran with challenges, forcing you into a particular playstyle. Which voids one of the best features of the game, the fact you can play it so many different ways.Big Pros:Very varied playstyle, there are many many ways to take on soldiers, tanks, bases, etc. I wouldn't want to list how many different ways I've taken down an outpost or base, sometimes silently, sometimes with huge aggression.Negatives:""Challenges"" part of the menu feels like cheating. I've never once accepted one of the rewards as it wants to dish you highly skilled operatives for utterly menial objectives, feels like breaking the flow of the game as I find looking for then extracting those skilled operatives one of the real pluses.Endgame is pretty disapointing. That said, the playtime you'll get up to then is really enjoyable, and you'll have a great time - definately play this game. When it feels like it's reached it's natural conclusion, put it away, and remember the good times."
76561198038220145,Recommended,287700,28722707,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,julian_gozar,I found it quite hard to be stealthy but I liked it.
76561198064760890,Recommended,287700,23537942,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,blazeindarkness,Pros-Metal GearCons-Konami99/1 Would rescue Kojima again.
,Recommended,287700,23040501,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,PuggY wil[Y],"This game is by far one of the best games I have ever played, if you are looking for a single-player game with an immersive story then this is a game you should seriously consider."
,Recommended,287700,17939722,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Strelok,What are you doing reading this? Just buy the game already!
76561198005169719,Recommended,287700,32519030,Posted: 17 June,all,TransporterZA,Top rated
,Recommended,287700,27581622,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Based Chrip  (◕‿◕✿),better than my girlfriend.
,Not Recommended,287700,25657416,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,oissi,"don't buy from these scammers, anything!"
,Recommended,287700,28458657,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,aqma,"I absolutely loved this game. Too bad it was released not being fully finished!The plot f***s your mind, the scenery is great, gameplay is good, graphics are good aswell, boobs, many missions side ops and challenges to keep you fixed onto this game. If only Kojima and Konami were not argueing it would've been even better!"
,Recommended,287700,24054671,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,JesterOfGenocide,"Amazing game, definitely worth checking out"
,Recommended,287700,17839959,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,yo whens mahvel,"within the first hour and a half of the game, we're treated to the wonderful sight of a helicopter being swallowed by an enormous, flaming, flying whale, followed closely by a flaming man riding a flaming horse with a small child with a gas mask and straight jacket behind himi don't think you need to play much longer than that to know that a game is goodalso when you punch soldiers on mother base, they thank youbuy this game"
,Recommended,287700,29202325,Posted: 12 January,all,koljaw0w,"You've been played for quite some time... yes, yes, you'd like to to know how. I'm afraid it's been... like a damn fiddle.﻿"
,Recommended,287700,27685186,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Quincy T. Quackenpoker,"very smooth gameplay with engaging cutscenes make this game seem really polished. later on you will realize as a metal gear solid fan that they appear to have been cutting corners in terms of the story and whatnot due to constraints that is still up for debate such as kojima leaving konami, budget etc.the engine is great, graphics are good and the game is really optimized. the music sadly isn't as iconic as the previous titles but that is because they left the original composer out of it.in ways playing this game, replaying this game from scratch, still make you wonder if this game could've been any better or with more content than what they have left us. but each attempt of me replaying it, has gotten me hooked playing a game that is good overall and not many games seem to top the fluidity and rewarding gameplay of metal gear solid 5.play it as it is, this goes for the new people out there and the metal gear solid veterans."
,Recommended,287700,29505277,Posted: 26 January,all,{NaCI}Stare,WHY ARE WE STILL HERE
,Recommended,287700,24635690,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,kwog,I love this game but sometimes I really hate it.It's kind of the worst metal gear game but sometimes it's kind of the best.I don't knowI just don't know
,Recommended,287700,27337005,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DoubleDogg6,"Played for 72 hours, still haven't beaten the game."
,Recommended,287700,29321748,Posted: 17 January,all,Ali G | SOA Scotland President,"METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN =  ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOMEman, this game was the best 25 pound i have ever spent in ages, this game has so many missions and even after there is still plenty to do, i got a save cause i was lazy and for free roam and also other♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can do even more than ground zeroes like changing the clothes whilst in the chopper via a loadout screen that was not in GZ and even go to mother base also the music is editible in this, another feature only present for GZ on pc via complex modding, but in TPP its all put in a simple CustomSoundtrack Folder :Dalso you have an arsenal of weapons and vehicles at your disposal when on missions too, similar to peace walker for the psp, this is now my favorite game in The MGS Series and on pc, i love the graphics, controls, gameplay, cutscenes and every feature from small to massive in general in this game :Pthe thing i hate is after this komani fell to ♥♥♥♥ for some reason and ""Metal Gear Survive"" got made - ♥♥♥♥ THAT GAME (the reason is cause the dude behind MGS was fired as far as i know)the game takes place after MGSGZ and snake wants revenge on those who ♥♥♥♥ed him over In that and like i said this is most likley the last game for this series that konami will ever make...Or im wrong and they make MGS 1-4 Remastered on pc - DO IT, DO IT NOW KONAMI PLSanyway, here's my pros/cons listPROS+amazing graphics+takes place in afganistan & africa+Buddies from quiet to D-Dog And Horse (D dogs a combat dog and D horse is your personal horse)+weapons (SOOOOOOO MANY)+loadout screen where you can change almost anything like snakes look or guns+♥♥♥♥ING CUSTOM MUSIC WORKS IN THIS = A REASON TO GET IT OVER GZ+Has a online mode [MGO]+own and develop Mother Base, Similar to MGS Peace Walker but better!CONSNONE: THIS ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMES"
76561198060007935,Recommended,287700,32348630,Posted: 11 June,all,Ernie,"♥♥♥♥♥ monsters, guns, 80s bangers, child soldiers and top quality graphs can't get any better than that"
,Recommended,287700,26815551,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,loner stoner with a boner,"As a die-hard MGS fan, I anxiously awaited my turn to finally play the final game of the franchise. The wait was well worth it. Easily the best game I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,287700,23876162,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,D.C. Seraphim,trying to play this game with a keyboard and mouse isnt helping my crippling depression
,Recommended,287700,22986248,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,zeroplacevalue,One of the best single player campaigns I've ever played. It has an awesome story and controls well (if you use a controller).  It doesn't stick the landing in terms of story but the sheer awesome of most of the game more than makes up for it.
76561198209817584,Recommended,287700,24081966,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,tr000pa,"Great Game, fulton more troops and have fun trolling soldiers.The best of the 80s sountrack/10"
,Recommended,287700,27993508,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Council House,fun
,Recommended,287700,27309776,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Noelemahc,"The good:* Is pretty* Has Revolver Ocelot* Excellent PC port* Wolfdog <3* Guns, lots of guns* You will die of old age long before you reach what the game presents as the endingThe so-so:* Multiplayer is unbalanced as hell* Peace Walker 2.0 - same mission structure, same ridiculous amount of filler to pad out the game to three times its actual length, at least there's less tank battles now* You will die of old age long before you reach what the game presents as the endingThe bad:* Has no ending worthy of the name* You will die of old age long before you reach what the game presents as the endingThe conclusion:* A Hideo Kojima Game"
,Recommended,287700,17824929,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,GOG,"Amazing! This is how you do a damn PC port! Talk about optimization! I have just started to play it and I already recommend it. Buy this along with all the other canon Metal Gear games! Actually, a Metal Gear collection for Steam would be the cherry on top :)"
,Recommended,287700,27574340,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,this is LOW,i miss kojima
,Recommended,287700,28327745,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,TheFormula,"I didn't have time to write a full review but here we are, so.The game is continued using the Fox Engine which is still is amazing, I enjoyed going through the missions and what the game had to offer in supposing to fighting to easter-eggs. The downside which alot of people will also agree is the missing of David Hayter and his time with the Metal Gear Solid series. I enjoyed all of the Metal Gear Solids since the first one and I have been an incredible fan of the games. I would love to see if they could bring back the returning of David Hayter because he made some of the best scenes in Metal Gear History and ofcourse yes, This is a recommended game and I do like it!"
,Recommended,287700,17864766,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Señor M.,The men Big Boss led made him realize how much he wanted to touch a puppy's paw pads.
76561198104411630,Recommended,287700,22062505,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,L1QU!DFAHTZ,Damn son! ♥♥♥♥♥ for real... Repetitious in the best way possible.
76561198078971712,Recommended,287700,33255921,Posted: 4 July,all,RiseUpGamer,"Story is garbage, gameplay is good. 10/10 would pay $60 again"
,Recommended,287700,23276145,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,itsalifestylee,"So far this game is extremely fun. I've been a fan of metal gear for the longest time having played all the previous ones.Pros:-Game is gorgeous.-The combat is very liquid, sorry i mean fluid.-Dialogue is very exceptional.-The story is good, (wouldn't say the best).-Motherbase is a cool concept, you don't have to actually ever leave the battlegrounds to go there, you can do everything from the idroid.-Multiplayer, only having played team deathmatch so far, it was still pretty fun.Cons:-Snakes voice just isn't the same...-Although the environment is graphically nice, I feel like the desert was a scape goat, i mean.. how couldn't a game developer make a bland sand environment look nice..-Even though snake has been through hell and back doesn't mean they can't make him look a little better.-I swear I've seen hideo kojimas name about 16+ times plus since starting it. After every chapter they bring back the developers/writters during the cutscenes as if it were an intro to a movie..I'm still very early into the game, but I would recommmend it, even to someone who hasn't ever played the series."
76561198014039244,Recommended,287700,25718248,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,busdrvr320,"I loved this game when i first palyed it on xbox 360. That's right XBOX 360. I honestly really wanted to support this game because of how much I loved it the first time around.  I still love it now and want to state what you should expect.*NO SPOILERS*PROS:>fun gameplay>multiple ways to go about missions>not as good as the old ones, but still good bossfights>wide variety of weapons to use>constant ways to improve yours arsenal if you pay attention>amazing attention to detail>the sountrackCONS:>not as many cutscenes and a lot more cassete tapes>sometimes very annoying check points>there is a grind to it ( I liked the grind in this case but not everbody feels that way)>story is a little mor ""meh"" in this game but it's still good>some missions in the end game inspire deja vu>somewhat dissapointing missing endgame contentOverall I would still recommend this game to anyone I meet."
,Recommended,287700,32891759,Posted: 27 June,all,Roople Pooples,"Pretty much MGSV = or > the freedom of BotW (Breath of the Wild), plus it has something BotW doesn't have;M E M E S."
,Recommended,287700,24812207,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Clever Toucan,"This is one of the best games I've ever played, but its plot feels like it was dreamt up by a staff of 47 chimpanzees on various hallucinogenics.May contain mild spoilers""She refuses to wear clothes, but besides that, she's completely docile. She never speaks, sweats, or breathes""""What?""""At least not with lungs. She breathes through her skin. Clothes would suffocate her""(ಠ ͟ʖಠ)As most of the other reviewers have attested, this game's plot just doesn't make any sense. However, for the first time in the history of the Metal Gear franchise, that doesn't matter. You're not thinking about inconsistencies or deus ex machinas when you're too busy being the literal American James Bond. Konami obviously put a ridiculous amount of time making this game mechanically beautiful and just plain fun; when you're planning out an infiltration into a camp, you're actuallyplanning-you're doing recon, you're looking for patterns, you're deciding what the best entry point will be. Almost every single mission can be accomplished however you want-you can take out key positions from a vantage point half a kilo away, you can sneak in, CQC everyone and extract,you can have your dog pull a ♥♥♥♥ing knife and slit everyone's throat.The AI's feel natural. The vehicles feel natural. The buddy system feels natural. When you plant C4, if you plant two or more at the same time, they go off together, but the rest don't. When you collapse a power line, if live wire falls on you, you get electrocuted. If you jump off of an edge onto a soldier, he gets knocked out depending on how high you dropped from. If you Fulton something into a helicopter, that helicopter gets exploded. Every single aspect of this game is almost infinitely customizable, and that, for me, is not only enough to redeem it for its sub-par plot, but also make it stand apart from its contemporaries as a truly great game."
,Recommended,287700,33115517,Posted: 1 July,all,Villentretenmerth,SOLID game right there boys!
76561198034519129,Recommended,287700,17854310,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,sepp.,Does Farcry better than Farcry.
76561198141964016,Recommended,287700,17904667,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Harris,"Pros:Optimization (solid 60 fps with all but shadows on high and some options on extra high with an 860m)Large Variety of Weapons and equipmentIncredible open worldRealistic AIBuddy systemStealth systemCons;no mouse in menus (not a massive deal but still annoying)Overall, an incredible game that is essential for any one who likes shooters and/or open world games"
,Recommended,287700,28946457,Posted: 2 January,all,xixix,"♥♥♥♥♥♥l Bombs, Killing Children very good"
,Recommended,287700,26837128,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Patrick Hunt,[camera shake intensifies]
,Recommended,287700,17840965,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Big Boss,Eye for an EyePain for PainA Hideo Kojima Game- Japanese Death Poem
,Recommended,287700,25432326,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Solid Snake,The single best videogame I have ever played.
,Recommended,287700,25519975,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,「RABBIT。」,"Starts great, but about 1/2 way slowly starts to drop Quality, then eventually becomes the same thing over and over again. Konami's fault for rushing it out, #♥♥♥♥konami.I'd recommend buying off of♥♥♥♥♥just so you dont support them."
76561198050021269,Recommended,287700,17837823,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,lunarvida,"Cons:- online is funky (not unexpected in the first week)- bug with steam overlay- some control related issuesPros:- support for the game is constant and always working on something- Graphics in gameplay and cutscenes look great- controls for snake make you extra deadly- music is love, that womans vocals draw you into the story- choose your own adventure (figure out how to do things yourself and do it)The bugs were small and didn't effect graphics or gameplay really, I was able to fix the overlay and controller one simply by reloading so I assume it had more to do with the fact the game is still getting polished for online first week jidders with updates. Other than that though the customer service is responsive in my experience and they seem to be constantly working on the online experience and maintenence is I think three times a week which is decent. The way snake manipulates the environment around him is wonderful and it completely immerses you in the story. The autosave feature saves headaches if you mess up and the camera control is polished and easy to manipulate if you want to shoot off the left or right shoulders, duck and peek over cover, slide down slowly while looking behind you, etc.. The story is definitely a solid point in the series and it doesn't disappoint here either; I was on the edge of my office chair the entire time during the prologue and I already have to many questions than answers meaning I will be 100% marathon gaming this whenever I have game time. Once they throw you into your sandbox you can do whatever and see what happensl they don't really tell you what to do so its all up to you how you take down a base. The combat is open and free and you can do whatever you want given your tools and environment. The reflex from MGS GZ is back and it still works wonders if your spotted. Great experience so far."
,Recommended,287700,17905278,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,zombiehunter2016,I have all ways been a fan of MSG since the 1980's and I have to say MSG 5 is a great game. It is Longer than 40 hrs long.I have been playing over 20 hrs and I'm only at 4% complete.It is well worth the 59.99
,Recommended,287700,17908252,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,spamanator500(맛있는 스팸),"The gameplay seems amazing - but the link between this game and other games are non-existant due to the fact that the ending is ""missing"" in the current state- I loved the gameplay though Fulcruming tanks and walkers :)"
,Recommended,287700,23107349,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,I like skooma,10/10 would buy againeverything about this game is amazing
,Recommended,287700,17917162,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,thor32123,"A first I was unsure that a open world MGS will be good but this game is amazing, the game is a little like MGS Peace Walker but the game play goes well with the open world, 10 / 10"
,Recommended,287700,24021434,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Majcerino,I absolutely love it! Worth my 20€.
76561198344931498,Recommended,287700,33408113,Posted: 9 July,all,Toddlersauce,Pros:+Excellent graphics+Great soundtrack+ Incredibly fun gameplayCons:-Side missions are heinously repetitive-Fancy graphics engine spends 90% of the game rendering sand-Story makes no sense even by MGS standards.
,Recommended,287700,32882293,Posted: 27 June,all,The Golden God,2nd Floor Basement?
,Recommended,287700,25796764,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Mad World,"Worth it? Suure...But this is In my opinion the worst MGS, not for the gameplay but for the story. the gameplay is VERY good however i like the MGS series mainly bec of the story and this ♥♥♥♥ed it up.But still worth the price i guess... im just dissapointed about the story :/"
76561198063259020,Recommended,287700,23844316,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,liluzivert,"Gameplay is a solid 10 all the way through, story does start to fall off towards the end though."
76561197992298446,Recommended,287700,23843660,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,CodeineKrazy,"9/10 for me. Graphics are downright amazing, story is strange but I found it very enticing and I was dying to know what happened next. Gunplay and all the different weapons, armour and gadgets you have at your disposal kept this game interesting all the way til the final minute for me. My only complaint would be that it can get a little repetitive and I wish the missions had a little bit more variation. All in all an amazing game that you shouldn't miss!"
,Recommended,287700,30508037,Posted: 14 March,all,NiQ,"The Phantom Pain is the real meat of MGSV, I recommend buying Definitive Experience and playing Ground Zeroes before this as it's the prologue chapter of the game.In this game there is so much to do, expect it to be atleast 40 hours for just the story. Now add all the side missions to it and you will easily double that time. However the game is pretty good for playing in short burts or as a side game because you progress the game one mission at a time.Story in this game can be a hit or miss for the fans and if you're new into MGS, don't be afraid to start here and aslong as you've played Ground Zeroes you should be fine.Gameplay is satisfying just like in Ground Zeroes except polished a bit more, including tons of weapons/items to play with, a buddy system that allows you to take a horse or something/someone else with you (I won't spoil!) making the battlefield less lonely and you have your own base that you improve by recruiting (kidnapping) soldiers which also ties into weapons/items development.There is also two kind of multiplayer modes here:First one is FOB (Forward Operating Base) that ties into single player. Later on in the game you have to build another base (FOB) that is for multiplayer, you can place your soldiers there to protect it but be warned, they can be killed/captured so placing your most valuable soldiers there isn't recommended. Other players can attack your FOB, which allows you to retaliate and the cycle of retaliation begins. There is sort of a single player aspect to it as there's periodically events with different rewarads that let you attack non player base.Second one is Metal Gear Online (MGO3) that you unlock in your title menu after doing the first mission in single player. Its the pvp mode of MGSV that is separate from rest of the game. It's fun to play but sadly doesn't have much players left playing it especially on PC so keep that in mind.Multiplayer modes aside, this game is easily worth the price just for the single player. It's very well optimized and runs smoothly aslong as your PC meets the requirements.Now go, Let the legend come back to life!"
76561198025859945,Recommended,287700,34410209,Posted: 22 August,all,Jacky,Good game!
76561198106338948,Recommended,287700,33013799,Posted: 29 June,all,eric310,Last Hideo MGS game enough said.
,Recommended,287700,25907716,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,hidenxd,"This Game was One of the best Games I've ever played.__STORY__After the events of Ground Zeroes, Big Boss awakens in a hospital under attack by assassins, special forces teams, and a young Psycho Mantis. He escapes and teams up with Ocelot, forming a new organization - the Diamond Dogs. He subsequently travels the world taking on various missions while simultaneously pursuing Skull Face.It eventually transpires that Skull Face has created a new Metal Gear with the help of Huey Emmerich - the Sahelanthropus. He intends to use it to deliver a parasite that activates upon the recognition of certain languages, with Skull Face intending to wipe out everyone who speaks English. Snake eventually uncovers the nature of this parasite, and with the help of the Navajo Indian ""Code Talker,"" he is able to find a way to stop its spread. He eventually confronts Skull Face in the Metal Gear's hangar, where Skull Face is betrayed by the young Psycho Mantis. Snake disables the Sahelanthropus while Skull Face is crushed by debris and finally shot by Huey.After Skull Face's defeat, however, there are plenty of loose ends to tie up. A mutated version of the parasite gets loose in Mother Base, and Snake is forced to shoot many of his own men. Quiet, who is recruited by Snake, saves his life, then goes into the desert to die. Huey is exiled. Confronting and embracing his dark side, Venom Snake prepares to found Outer Heaven, leading to the events of the original Metal Gear._MECHANICS_When you walk onto a bottle while trying to close up on an enemy. They will the sound of the bottle and turn around.__COMMENTS_I still remember that in 2013 I saw a trailer with a guy that crawled through a Hospital hallwayand i was like ""WTF , This Sh*t is realistic asf"". And when I saw the final product i was amazed.But i'm still really ashamed that this game was never finished completely.I'm still sad that they never released their best game on PC. I'm talking of course aboutMetal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater"
74678652256890753,Recommended,287700,26979299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,saucycream123,The PC release of this game made me buy a GTX 970 to max it out.
,Recommended,287700,24049561,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Epyon3001,"MGS V was yet another great experience.  I grew up with and thoroughly enjoyed the MGS series of games, and they deliver yet again.  If you enjoyed the gameplay of any of the previous games, MGS V: TPP builds on that and more.I thoroughly enjoyed the gameplay, the crazy story as expected of Kojima, and stayed for all of the additional things to play, do, and the online experience.Would highly recommend!"
,Recommended,287700,24053033,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Suport Marker,"Gameplay is the best its been in the entire series, but the story lacks the usual quality of metal gear games.still a hell of a lot of fun 9/10"
,Recommended,287700,27071253,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,UberMax,Great fast paced action.  I've been playing this game since it came out and I'm at 37% completion.  You want to know why?  BECAUSE I'M SAVORING IT.
,Recommended,287700,17841815,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Kobura v4.0,"Thank you for the YEARS of fantastic gaming Hideo Kojima. Konami would not be the company they are today without your talent and imagination.This release does not disappoint. Solid framerates, immersive storyline, easy to learn for the new player and detailed enough for veterans. I've put in just under 20hrs so far, and I've barely scratched the surface.Remember that feeling when Psycho Mantis first appeared in MGS? That feeling is back in this game. It feels like discovery, uncertainty, and that grandiose style we expect in a game of this tier.Loving this game."
,Recommended,287700,34302762,Posted: 17 August,all,Jesus McMexican,"I really enjoyed this game, the combat, mechanics, and overall feel of the game was really enjoyable. The story was fantastic, until however the game decides to cut off short. The story seems unfinished endin up on a lot of loose plot lines with no real closure on the story. I heard there was a cut third chapter which I feel like the game sorely needed. Sadly we won't be getting any more Metal Gear games from Hideo Kojima.Also ♥♥♥♥ Metal Gear Survive."
,Recommended,287700,17859202,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Agent Afridi,"Classic Game, and a realastic touch"
76561198071641793,Recommended,287700,17862683,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,toprock,Pretty good.This is the best game i've ever played period.
,Recommended,287700,17829489,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Primo Victoria,"When I found out that the release date had been pushed foward, it seemed like a dream come true. Despite being mad at Konami because of the in-app purchasing and the removal of a couple of mechanics, I really can't fault anything about this game. It has rock solid performance, amazing 'play your way' mechanics and a reasonably long story that I am only 2% through after spending 4 hours playing the game.The story is definately the weakest in the series, but what the game loses in story it makes up for in mechanics, graphics and the excellent port.Oh boy, here we go again.8/10 would recommend"
,Not Recommended,287700,17830303,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ApexCity,"The best and worst game ive ever played, made by Hideo Kojima. Im pretty sure KONAMI is to blame for the worst part of my feelings towards this unfinished Masterpiece. #FKonami F U KONAMI ! F U"
,Not Recommended,287700,17842486,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Fisherman Joe,"I felt I had to NOT reccomend this game. It's got the same Ground Zeros problem in that had so much potential. In this case the potential wasn't allowed time to develop. Judging this game right out the gates seems to have been a mistake, as later developments show the plot/story to have ended far too abruptly. I spent 72 hours playing a game I could've beat in 10. Wait for a price drop as it really will just end beinganotheropen world 100% completion game.Don't confuse this with me disliking/hating the game, as I certainly don't. I'm sort of sad really, because this was a Game of the Year game until you factor in the plot.If you're a diehard MGS fan and just have to play it, then fine. But don't preach about the game being a perfect masterpiece and other such rot. It truly is not. It had the chance to be.Original Review(Still relevant)Great game undoubtedly, but that doesn't mean I don't have a few petty nitpicks.It took a little over an hour until I finally got to actually play the game and shoot something. And then there were more cutscenes.Well it's a mixed (good and poor) port, which isn't really a nitpick. But i'm surprised on how varied it is.The Bad (of this port):-Control scheme is setup for a controller.Button prompts will show analog sticks instead of mouse movement when appropiate, and you are forced to check your key assignments page for the majority of actions (excluding CQC). The ""Controls"" tab shows you an XBOX controller command layout.-I think this could run betterTo be fair, the game runs and looks great. But I have an i7-3790K @ 4.2 GHz and a GTX 970, I should be able to max this game out. I'm currently running it with medium - high settings with some settings completely disabled (VSync is off, of course)patched-You can lock your frame rate to 30, but not anything elseAt least it doesn't crash your game if you turn it off *cough* ARKHAM KNIGHT *cough*-The majority of settings are strangeFor example, you have a wide range of graphical settings; which is good.BUTYOU CANNOT CHANGE SOUND VOLUME OF THE GAME WHILE IN GAME; which is bad.-Enemies/Yourself can see through wallsIt's very random and usually occurs with objects (Sandbags, shipping containers, tents, etc.) But just as that headline says: Enemies can see andshootyou through walls. And while i'm sure you could shoot back (I didn't try that), I can analyze enemies through these certain walls (requires clear view of the face). It's very random as to what objects are technically not there, as well as who can see through them. Such a strange bugThe Good (of this port):+Borderless fullscreenI was really surprised by this, but you can safely alt+tab from this game without fear of fatal crashing. And the game will still run with no performance loss out of focus.-Further testing revealed that only the taskbar and windows task manager will show over the game however, everything else will remain 'under' the game. So....Patched+StableNot a single crash or suspect frame rate drop, with long play sessions+Wide range of optionsThere are a load of Graphics settings to set for this game, which is genuinely surprising for a portIn conclusion: There's room for improvement, but i'm happy with what we got.Beat the game, plot-wise this game is a complete mess. Most of which to do with Konami ♥♥♥♥ing over Kojima and friends. The simple reality is that this game is unfinished."
,Not Recommended,287700,17890837,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Solid Snake,I get a forever loading screen when i launch the game so its a buggy mess tried contacting Konami but didn't get any helpIt was fun while it lasted couln't finish it :(
,Not Recommended,287700,17841173,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Funny Horse Cartoon,"Pay $60 for half a game with an unfinished story and cut content.  Gameplay is good, best of the series even, and it's fun to play, but for a series known for being story-heavy and exploring themes, it's by far the worst.It's a shame when the final entry of a 28 year old series is best experienced without playing the other games."
76561198058419757,Not Recommended,287700,17844808,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,King mum,This gets far too repetitive far too quickly. Uninspired missions take there toll.
,Not Recommended,287700,17849566,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Samurai Goldfish,"this game is amazing... iv had it about 3 days and spent close to 20 hours on it lol.kiefer sutherland replaced david which was my major concern on the run up to the game, however it would appear that although david is not in the game at all, kiefer sutherland hardly makes much of an appearance in terms of his voice. play the game for 20 hours and you'll see what i mean. kiefer sutherland has about a paragraph of lines in this time, where as troy baker has half a damn novel.clearly someone didnt have enough money to pay kiefer for his voice.  constant mashing of the sprint button on my horse with the exact same ""YAH"" noise every time is very very annoying. I think david would have done a much better job, as iv seen him in interviews and seen his love for the franchise. kiefer sutherland, although is voice is good, does not do the character justice at all. its as if they paid him per word or something. this is my only gripe with the game. it is truely amazing.THIS IS WHERE I WISH THERE WAS A ""MAYBE"" OPTIONThe fact that there is this terrible FOB thing is very very annoying. you MUST have an FOB in order to continue with research for new weapons and alike, however once this is set up, other people online can raid your facilities and steal your stuff. this is fine for people that want to grief people but people that want to just deal with the story mode are constantly having other people raid their things and steal the resources we collect. I HATE THIS. why is there no offline option?! i am not interested in raiding other people, so why should they be allowed to steal all my resources? this is incredibly annoying.I have since changed my review to a thumbs down. the reason? i have spent a lot of time on this game playing almost exclusively single player. I go on holiday for a week only to come back to find more than half of my resources gone due to people raiding me. whats worse is this has pretty much made me lose interest in the game as in order to progress with research and stuff i need those resources and im not interested in farming for the next 10 hours. ill probably never finish this game now.UPDATEIt's been around 6 months since i touched this game. I signed in to see if anything had changed and i instantly get that horrible beeping sound telling me i have been invaded once again.... still no option to disable FOB invasions.will never finish. uninstalled."
,Not Recommended,287700,17834878,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Moist.,Entire finale was cut from the game.♥♥♥♥ KonamiRIP
,Not Recommended,287700,17841927,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,FlowMotion,"Never played a Metal Gear before.The gameplay is great.  Storyline is dull.  Runs at 60 fps on 660ti.EDIT:  After 50 hrs of gameplay, it's super repetitive and really boring.  UNFINISHED.  Time-sink.  Glorified copy-n-paste system.  The A.I.  is as dumb as a bag of hammers.Do not recommend for $60."
76561198080433317,Not Recommended,287700,17862917,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,celtbhoy1993,"Enjoyable gameplay but lacking in every other department, to fans of the series it feels like a slap in the face.MGS5 is sadly never a 10/10 the story feels like fan fiction that Kojima wrote one lazy weekend, it's so mediocre. The gameplay is decent and it's the only redeeming factor although such repetitive missions/side missions can't be excused, there isn't much variety at all in the 150 side missions they are basically a rinse and repeat scenario, only 15 of the 50 'main' missions actually move the plot forward. At least Keifer Sutherland pulls through he really does nail those 8 lines he had to speak.Im scratching my head wondering how this took over 6 years to develop,it's enjoyable but laughably overhyped there was clearly development issues in that time perhaps Konami and Kojima should have spent less time marketing it and instead producing a better game. I loved this series but i can't reccommend a game that was falsely marketed, has cut content and literally slaps you in the face with the horrible second chapter and recycled missions. Mgs5 is completely incomplete, should have called it The Phantom Story.- The pacing.- The plot.- Mute Snake.- The ending.- The cut content.- The repetitive missions.- Worst bosses in the series.- The time to get from MB -> ACC -> Mission.- The spoiler credits at the beginning of each mission.- Pointless side-ops.- Quiet is terribly written, but what part isnt.All of these and more make for an average game, the first in the series i won't replay.Final score: 6/10"
76561198126363923,Not Recommended,287700,17956476,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,DestroyerJamie,If you get this game beware if you build a FOB you will most likely lose everything to hackers. Wait till an anti hack system is made (if one is made).
,Recommended,287700,18122232,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Zakechan,"There are many things wrong with this game. I blame Konami for all of them. Still fun for the most part, but it's sad Hideo Kojima's team was limited and rushed. Gameplay is a 95, Story left me at a 75 tbh.If I had to choose between having this game now, or 2 years from now the way Kojima envisioned, I'd take 2 more years."
76561197963121379,Not Recommended,287700,20851076,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Krudten,"Finaly got the game working now, after updating my computer from being based on a AMD Phenom 965 BE to a Intel Core i5.Having played the game for 2 hours, I must say the game prologue is awsome. It's one hectic kickoff! So I was very excitet to start with the ""real"" game.However when the game starts up in Afghanistan I just got so frustrated.. the control layout/use is just ridiculous. It's that bad I decided to quit the game.. at least for now. The layout makes it obvious it's a consol port, and the developers haven't done anything to hide that. I.e.Binoculars: Holding a key down to use binoculars.. WTF is that???Aiming: First you have to right click to aim, and then when aiming you have to press F to aim down sight.. Again.. WTF?Change Weapon: In AIM mode you can press SPACE to quickly change your weapon, but when you are not in AIM mode SPACE makes you throw you self to the ground.. AARGHH!!So.. If you want this game, be aware you are buying a ported console game and unlike the guys at Rockstar Games that made GTA5 got the controls right... Konami certainly did not."
76561197987387169,Recommended,287700,26570319,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Five,"Meanwhile I got over 600 hours in-game.Metal Gear Solid V has deep mechanics, (optional) non-lethal, stalthy game-play, a moral-system and a healthy portion of humor. It Includes an impressive story with lot's of content together with an upgrade-system for weapons, never seen before in a game. That's The Phantom Pain and a lot more of it.Edit:..."
,Recommended,287700,17856711,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,izzy,"Amazing graphics, great gameplay being 4 hours into the game not even a dull moment the missions are great, I like the fact that you can develop things, you have your own head quaters and you can assign people to build stuff like weapons, and aslo I like the fact you can collect resources and use them to build things.  So metal gread solid meets Witchers when it comes to colecting things not nesscarly a bad thing but a great addition."
76561198079318485,Recommended,287700,31847278,Posted: 19 May,all,The Wilhelm Gamer,"This review is about 375 hours too late, but ok.This game for me is basically a giant experiment in strategies and changing what you do, either according to what the AI does to the enemies, or what you wanted to do.Just think getting a water pistol, and saying, ""time to experiment"".Every weapon can become useful as long as you know how to play the game.the plot is obviously the weakest of the entire franchise, which is made worse because this game probably needs atleast some info from the previous games (primarily MGS 3, MG1,2 and maybe MGS:PW) to get a firm grip on what is still a terrible plotline in the long run.Just look at MGS3 first (best game in the franchise in my opinion)I do not generally focus on the plot in this game that much (hell I like to kill off main characters for fun just because the game lets me).This game takes some time to get into, its like you begin like your a tiny insect, but you come out the other side like a ♥♥♥♥ing gun wielding combination of macgyver and james bond with a small nations worth of soldiers and animals.Trust me, Getting the legendary gunsmith (which unlocks full customisation of weapons) makes this game pretty new (like loading an assault rifle with sniper rifle ammo)Even pistols are some of the weapons which get the better uses later.I still play this game, and its apperently 2017.Take your time with it, i might even buy for my friends later (because it costs less than most full price game now)Get it at a sale."
,Recommended,287700,33232036,Posted: 4 July,all,DRMZZY,"Okay so,this game is just absolutely amazing.I will contain Spoilers,not entirely huge ones,but ones that are probably already known.A lot of people hated this game because of the story being strict and less impulsive when you compare it with other MGS titles,fewer cutscenes included(let's not forget that MGS 4 has the Guinness World Record for the longest cutscenes in video game history including both longest time duration on single cutscene [27 Minutes] and on the total amount of cutscenes [71 Minutes].In my opinion this game was the vice versa of Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater:While MGS 3 offered you strict gameplay(e.g. if you got shot,you had to open the menu,treat your wounds and repeat the proccess again if you got shot,same with the stamina for food consumption,specific areas on the map and) but a story with a lot of emotional moments and goosebumps,that kept you going on for hours thinking.Of course the technology was different 10-11 years ago and so was the way of the video gaming industry.MGS 5 on the other hand,has a huge open world on 2 locations,Centreal Afghanistan and the Angola-Zaire Border in Africa.Both locations are teeming with details and wildlife,while the Open World type of gameplay allows you to complete your mission with the way you see fit.It is also a huge expansion of Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker:You get again to build your offshore fortress,but this time,you have resource management in order to develop your Mother Base.After progressing enough in the Main Story Missions you can have more than just your one base,which are called FOBs (Forward Operating Base).Fortunately or unfortunately your FOBs and NOT Motherbase can be attacked by other online players.The Online FOB PvP System allows players to earn/steal resources and/or staff members much faster than the normal singleplayer expirience rate,but it's also much more risky,since the other player can counter-attack your base if you fail to infiltrate his FOB.I Advise to rather infiltrate players who have a long time to play MGS 5 or until you feel confident enough with your practice and gameplay.Notice that you will be attacked only by players with similar skill/Espionage Score,unless it's a bad day for you and someone way much more developed has decided your base to be the victim.Use Maximum Base Security Settings,regardless of what the GMP(The game's money currency) costs are.There are 3 more Staff Unit Categories when compared with Peace Walker,Security Unit(Will patrol and defend your FOBs 24/7,and in case of an attack,they will eliminate the threat(online player),Base Development Unit(takes the role of expanding your current platforms,collects and proccesses the resources) and Support Unit(which is your actual support from your Motherbase,it's responsible for bringing you the air drop supplies,translating foreign languages and improves the effectiveness of the fire support bombardment).The enemy A.I. is Upgraded:If you play too much with a specific gameplay style,the game itself will try to counter you.For example if you're doing too many headshots,the enemy will start wearing helmets,if you throw a lot of gas or smoke grenades,they will start wearing gas masks.Too many takedowns with a sniper rifle,and the enemy will start training snipers too,while too many Close Quarters fights will result into making the enemy have ballistic shields.The PC Port is one of the best i've ever seen lately.The FOX Engine is simply a very well made and optimized engine for the PC,as long as your video card supports DirectX 11 and your CPU and RAM is sufficient,you'll have no problem running this game at 60 FPS.Minimum Requirements can be even less than the ones shown on the Store Page(you can actually run it with an i3 CPU or similar/worse and 4GB RAM,but of cource you might have some small perfomance issues).Unfortunately with the incident between Hideo Kojima and Konami,there is content missing on the main story,due to their lack of time and the pressure of Konami to publish this game as soon as possible.A lot of the story is on the Casette Tapes but still,we have a whole Third Chapter missing in there...but that's how stuff turned out and we have to face it.We can't turn time back.I Do recommend this game for everyone who likes Stealth Games and i even recommend it for those who are not that keen on this category of gameplay.If you see this game on sales or find it somewhere else even cheaper,then go ahead and grab it,you're not going to regret it.MGS Fans who have played the previous titles of MGS 3 ,MGS PW and MGS GZ will have the upper hand,but it's also welcoming new players and takes things easy at the beginning.The story remains at a Cliffhanger even when Konami has announced Metal Gear Solid: Survival."
,Recommended,287700,17835673,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Loly,Enter the world of Pain.
,Recommended,287700,17853075,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,BBG,"the greatest ♥♥♥♥ing game, of all ♥♥♥♥ing time"
76561197996888258,Recommended,287700,17880426,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sushiheaven,Worth 60$.Not like KOEI games.
,Recommended,287700,22107037,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Paps(),"Metal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom PainSPOILER WARNING.Let me just begin by saying I thoroughly enjoyed this game.I played through the prologue on day 1 (02/09/2015) but realised when introduced to the first horizon of Afghanistan that I would need to wait until I was less busy in my personal life before embarking on this adventure. So I waited until around December holidays to properly begin and immerse myself and honestly, it paid off as my experience was far more enjoyable for being patient and letting the hype die down.It is obvious that Kojima has taken on board past criticisms about his games being overly focussed on cut scenes and narrative in comparison to how much gameplay content there is; So this time around, TPP goes against the traditional MGS trend of this and provides 90% gameplay and 10% cut-scenes.Story is scattered around and it's obvious that perfecting gameplay with the new FOX engine was the focus on this title. I believe that as Kojima knew it was his last mgs he wanted to provide a lasting experience for players once they have completed everything, i.e. FOB/Multiplayer aspects.I had played 15 hours running around experimenting, developing gear, exploring before I played mission 6 ""where do the bees sleep?"" which is what began my real intrigue into what was going on with the story. I feel that this game is intended to be played at this slow pace, give it time to breathe like a fine wine and encourage the game to flow slowly. It is designed to be mastered, S-ranked, why else would there be a game completion percentage taunting you every login? The missions are meant to be challenge style, hence the mission tasks that don't all reveal themselves until after the mission is completed once, its for replayability purposes. It craves you get that to 100%.There is narrative when you seek it, instead of codec we have cassette tapes, many of the cut scenes are hidden behind certain requirements, such as completing side ops, go to base filthy, visit certain medical platform doors, it all adds up. This is a game that is intended to take you about 100hours or more, to pace yourself properly, feel the weight of creating mother base and making it run accordingly, micromanaging troops, jobs, development and base construction platforms, causing you to feel bad when you lose troops etc.TPP is in an episodic format in order to allow the player to free roam and explore the sandbox, play side missions and online missions and micromanage MB between the story missions to give you the player, the freedom to choose what to do.Due to all of this the story suffers (IN COMPARISON TO PAST MGS TITLES) because the pacing can feel messy as you have been given the choice of how to pace it yourself by being given time to go do other things the game has to offer. It also felt like the game ends several times for me, let's just say hypothetically mission 31 is the end people see it and stop playing the game assuming that's the end. I was at 45% when I got to that mission and I could feel there was significantly more story to go and I was satisfied after mission 43/45/46, they concluded some interesting sequences. Most of the other missions in chapter 2 are important side ops such as the man on fire conclusion.It is far better than most campaigns in top selling games of today's market. Kojima clearly wanted to branch out and appeal to a wider audience, this does unfortunately annoy the more die hard metal gear fans that crave the deep 7 hours of over the top movie sequences that take intense perseverance to follow.If you don't enjoy side missions that feel similar you must realise it's up to you to make your own game-play, your own experiments, as TPP provides you with a toy box of thousands of compositions of gear and buddy combinations to try each mission/side op differently i.e. trying  to eliminate tank unit 8 with d-walker or alternatively  try to extract it by distracting with decoys, airstrikes, or maybe place mines everywhere on the next one, give that blast arm a try. It's your choice and one of TPP's strongest elements and reasons why it's such a standout game.Then there is Mother Base. Your home of operations which is more than a home, but a whole area in itself which you can fully explore within your own game, or challenge it in online combat against other real player's mother bases. This FOB infiltrator v MB creates in a seemingly limitless infiltration experience packing in more non-story driven game-play and tactical espionage.With a multiplayer mode (MGO) which  isn't actually half bad for a bit of fun and time to kill. It's not the reason to buy the game but it's similar to how GTA5's GTAO model worked/ sandbox game to/multiplayer as an entrée to sweeten the deal.The truth is that TPP is lacking a few things or wasn't quite finished correctly (for obvious reasons, Koji-konami meltdown) that would have made it possibly the best title of anyone's library.Here is a list of a few things that could have perfected the game:-If Ground Zeroes was included in TPP as one complete package i.e. Prologue Part 1, and the hospital Prologue Part 2. (Definitive Edition?)-A fleshed out Chapter 3: Peace about 5 more unique, long, story missions to make the story feel even more whole and complete, with any luck some being set in a more urban environment, to give us a fulfilling conclusion.-These story missions must include:-Kingdom of the Flies completed: A boss fight with Snake vs Eli whatever in a sahelanthropus. Or we fight mantis and Eli at the same time in a classic climactic multi staged boss fight with a classic mgs1 style chase sequence to wrap it up. (NEW MORE DENSELY POPULATED AREA).-A few more enemy types like armoured guard/attack dogs or parasite walkers which are walker gears with the skulls abilities. Just some more enemies to mix up the routine oh... and more security cameras I found TPP to be lacking them.-Piloting a functioning battle gear for maybe in a survival mode where we have to fight waves of enemies, tanks choppers etc. Hoard mode for it so it doesn't feel overpowered this could be implemented in MGO and you must have battle gear unlocked in the campaign to play the mode. It could even be co-op and it would feel like you are departing on a key dispatch mission.- Mission to hint and foreshadow and prepare for solid snake's arrival on the scene where we play as Big Boss with his motorbike set in an urban environment.Final Conclusion on this one is to buy it and be open minded that it is not the same as previous mgs titles it redefines it's game-play with buttery smooth controls, optimization, graphics/motion capture, gunplay, weapons and introduces so much more.  It is another mgs title that experiments, only comparable to itself.Play it for what it is and how it was intended to be played and you should enjoy it as much as I do. I can think of no better example of how to play through mgs5 than the way Quiet herself has been ""longplaying"" the game ontwitch.tv/youtubehttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCND-4B-vUV7hLiP3niO39eg""StefPlays"".One can only hope that MGS6 will actually be in development, taken over by people who are faithful to the fans and konami must eat their words after seeing the praise and success mgs5 has provided.Written and Directed by Hideo Kojima."
76561198025114894,Recommended,287700,17848983,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,(|EcLiPsE|),"downloaded the game right after the launch, have to go work, when got back, the game worked after I lowered my settings to medium, the game is 10/10 and i'm playing with a laptop who has a graphic card below minimum requirements"
,Recommended,287700,27204961,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nicemoreoften,"While not perfect, a good experience."
,Recommended,287700,33099091,Posted: 1 July,all,hacker man,You can hide in a toilet and play a diarrhea tape as a soldier checks on you. Diarrhea/10
76561198029358741,Recommended,287700,26456582,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Deepakkrsingh,More than 90hrs+ gameplay time(40hrs offline) and i am still at level 16 of 50 levels.Side quests just keep me too busy.This game is pure fun although 2 location started to get boring for me but took a break and came back to find it refreshing again.I will upadate this review in future when i am totally done with it.
,Recommended,287700,17938953,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Slippy,A GAME TO SURPASS METAL GEAR
,Recommended,287700,17942480,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,maxstep,Must have. An enthralling masterpiece of storytelling and gameplay. 11/10.
,Recommended,287700,23756245,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,saltypasta,"A game with great graphics, challenges and storyline. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,287700,24068345,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ZeroRofl,"Welp, to be honest, i expected more from this game,as someone that have played the main games(the two first metal gears, solid 1,2,3,4, Peace Walker) this game was somewhat dissapointing but in the end, things went ""standard"".....///////////Few Notes//////////-Its is worth to buy this game? yup-But at its full price? i dont think so.-Online is good, single player too.-And FOB? Well i have no comments, i just had some good and bad experiences so i cant really tell, you have to find that by yourself.-DLC is worth buying it? Uhm, like the game, its full price, nope, but it might be worth it if you really would like to expend time in this game."
,Recommended,287700,24060273,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dank Meme,"Dang, can't stop playing.The game is a natural evolution of the Metal Gear Solid franchise. The open world style suits it fine. I enjoy the motherbase managing and recruiting people to be on my team.There are some bad things about it too. The story starts off good, and gets better and suddenly you're like ""OH, THAT'S WHERE they were at when Konami gave Kojima and team the finger""The port runs so buttery silky smooth. <3 Kojima"
76561198010771428,Recommended,287700,17841424,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,[13th]CaptEdster,Easily Game of The Year!
,Recommended,287700,17825859,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,teemu92,"One of the best games this year for sure, good optimization and controls really well on mouse & keyboard, great PC versionI have never played previous MGS games until Ground Zeroes so i cant compare to them but the open world gameplay plays really well and its alot of fun.I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,287700,28597920,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Neo The Aika,"(EDIT: I don't know why it says I recieved this for free. I bought the definitive edition but I can't change it, so keep in mind I payed for this and Ground Zeroes on PC.)Played the Xbox 360 version from start to finish without an internet connection.Replayed from start to finish, was just as incredible as the first time.The multiplayer component to campaign is an amazing gameplay feature, and holy crap is the meta/minigame of FOBs and PFs fun. The awards and online items are cool to collect too!The 'real' multiplayer part of Metal Gear Solid V, Metal Gear Online 3 is like the multiplayer to Splinter Cell Blacklist. Fun as hell, visually stunning as hell, almost stands as a great game on it's own, but needs more players. You'll always find matches, but you'll never find full ones.Metal Gear Solid V is an epic, fantastic experience and full-circle closure to the Metal Gear canonical saga. Ground Zeroes, Phantom Pain, and Metal Gear Online are all part of a solid collection I heartily recommend as a must play. This is a stealth game where not being stealthy is okay. This is an open world game where linear missions work well. This is METAL GEAR SOLID V, a Hideo Kojima game.I hope Kaz's hamburgers become a thing."
,Recommended,287700,26297116,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Fairlight,Masterpiece in every sense of this word.
,Recommended,287700,26426295,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Lion's Pride,0 leopard tortoises / 800 cages
76561198149566345,Recommended,287700,33093786,Posted: 1 July,all,V-D,Less than a week and already above 80 hoursEven tho the story was a dissapointing
,Recommended,287700,26994378,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🌈Karma🌈,"Nvidia Experience says ""Your system doesn't meet the minimum requirements""Then runs constantly 50-60fps.OptimizedAF/10"
,Recommended,287700,17841496,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Sticks,"10/10now that the game came out,better i take out the eyepatch or i gonna to stay blindand not forgetting, a Hideo kojima game."
,Recommended,287700,31015680,Posted: 8 April,all,ManiakFnaf,"Im not far into the game but this is what I have experienced. Don't get me wrong the intro was boring as ♥♥♥♥, it was after u got out of the hospital (I think it's a hospital) it is really good! u get your own gadgets and stuff, and wait for it....wait.....A FREAKING HORSE! THE HORSE IS REALLY Coooooooooooooooooooooool! the combat and stealth system is really good and for some people that aren't into the franchise and only for the gameplay (like me) its worth checking it out and buying this game! And for some people that like both the story and gameplay this game is also for you!"
,Recommended,287700,21982305,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SeekerShe,Story: 3/10Gameplay: 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10Multiplayer: 4/10
76561197977554298,Recommended,287700,17825226,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Nintendos Herbs,"for the first time in 3 years, a port works"
,Recommended,287700,23278697,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sesk,This game make my snake solid.
76561198057038227,Recommended,287700,28554756,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ayyyy,"PROS+Sneaking+Cool weapons, horses, tanks, companions+While the game has few cutscenes the ones that are there are really cool+Fun EPICCCCCCC EPIB EPICCCCE EPIK boss battles xDDDD+This game has a huge budget, it costed so much that the leader and director of the game got fired LOL XDDDDD+You can experiment with different strategies on some missions+The Hamburgers of Kazuhira Miller+Open world+FUN ONLINE+No DAY 1 DLC, EXCLUSIVE SEASON PASSCONS-Missing Story parts-Some filler plot lines that werent necesseryMISC.+/- Almost nobody playing online these days+/- No DLC to fill in the plot holes9.25/10"
,Recommended,287700,33145307,Posted: 2 July,all,Ayedulf,AMAZING GAME FAN OF THE WHOLE SERIES
76561197995728639,Recommended,287700,17847790,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,feverZerO,Best epilogue in gaming history. Game of the year 2015 for sure...
76561198017216177,Recommended,287700,17835966,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Venom,"I already got 40+ hours in my ps3, but playing this on my PC finally... hotdamn, it's good..Imersive as hellBig as hellCool as hellI can fulton tanksI can fulton sheepI can fulton WOMEN. Yes there's female soldiers in this game!V has come to. And it couldn't be better!"
,Recommended,287700,17951994,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Fedora the exproler,"I simply love it, delivered spectacular gameplay and had zero to no bugs at all. Runs very smoothly and is not very PC heavy while delivering next-gen graphics. The only thing I didn't like about this masterpiece is how a chunk of the story was taken out, other than that, its worth 60 dollars."
,Recommended,287700,23297813,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,HelterSkelter937,bought it a second time on steam for online because it is cheaper than 1 month of ps 4 internet LUL
76561198053692417,Recommended,287700,27017101,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aseel,Underrated
,Recommended,287700,23798661,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,morgwise,Great game. 63 percent with over a hundred hours of game play. Either it pays for itself or I'm bad.
76561198060027664,Recommended,287700,27916852,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MOTA BOY,best mgs game
76561198065938002,Recommended,287700,17831064,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Abyss,"Hideo KojimaPlayed through the intro now time to find Kaz. Good chance this game will be the Best Metal Gear game of all-time and argueably the best game in general. The true Godfather of gaming brings us Metal Gear to the PC. Optimzation is ridiculous. GTX 970, 1440p 60 FPS and if you just turn the settings down a bit, 4k 60 FPS. I can't imagine what Hideo Kojima does next."
,Recommended,287700,18021983,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,dup,"Hideo Kojima had 5 years and 80 million dollars to create an epic, instead he gave us a patch for a 28 year old plot hole.Pros:+++Probably the best stealth mechanics of any game ever. Truly the technical apex of MGS+++literally hundreds of hours of content++Great mechanics of building up mother base++Excellent introduction++Beautiful graphics+Tons of great songs and the ability to have your chopper play it on loud speaker.+Nicely integrated online component+Lots of collectibles+The Hamburgers of Kazuhira MillerCons:---Broken plot that's confusing even for Metal Gear standards.---Bad pacing in terms of story, often broken up with tons of filler missions.---Rushed ending that makes the game feel cheap--Boring characters. Ocelot is boring, Kaz is boring (except for in a certain casette tape), Huey is annoying. They managed to make Ocelot boring, and a southern American despite the fact he was raised in the USSR (the game even shows that his first language is russian).--Useless buddy system, especially if you play without markers (wallhacks) like I did.--Tons of♥♥♥♥♥♥that's never explained--Casette tapes replacing both the codec AND cutscenes. You could play the whole story without listening to these and miss so much exposition on why and what you're doing.-Forced Moby♥♥♥♥♥♥references that's supposed to be 'thought provoking' but ends up just remind me of After Earth.-Feels like KojiPro just threw in as much random♥♥♥♥♥♥that they've been wanting to do for awhile. There is either a stupid ""get it out of the way"" explanation of the strange♥♥♥♥♥♥that occurs or something stupid like ""parasites,"" this game's new nanomachines.-Nothing discourages you from fultoning literally everything, which gets kinda ridiculous at a point.Overall, MGS5 succeeds in the stealth gameplay department but fails in anything regarding story. This means that the fault lies with Kojima himself because he has very little to do with gameplay and only writes and directs. Now, before I get a bunch of ""KONAMI ♥♥♥♥ED HIM"" I want those who played to think back on Chapter 1, was it really great? Think about those first ten missions. The only powerful scene in the entire game was almost near the exact end, and it was extremely well done.Port quality: 10/10- 60 FPS highest settings on everything but shadows, 1080p, mid-range hardware from 3 years ago.Gameplay: 10/10- Completely holds the game together as it's the shining gem in the pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that is ""the story.""Story: 5/10- Bad. You'll just have to find out yourself as to why, but for those who played, i bet you know what I mean.Overall: 8-9/10- solely because the amount of hours this game has held my interest and porbably the best stealth gameplay on the market."
,Recommended,287700,17996495,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Major Alex Louis Armstrong,first time playing a MGS game and was definitely not disappointed would recommend
,Recommended,287700,18103211,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,buu,I never lost control..
76561197999800946,Recommended,287700,17836921,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,feesh001,"WAR HAS CHANGED, and now it's open world and actually quite a pleasant experience all-around. Prepare yourself for a truly next-gen flower picking experience. Build and expand your own private army for optimal amounts of flower picking and herb gathering. Oh, and I think there's giant robots or something."
,Recommended,287700,18278103,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Fastras,V has come to
76561198049073959,Recommended,287700,17907845,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Purple Squish,"This is my edited review of the game, seeing that I have now completed the main story I think I can give a good review. If you are looking for fantastic gameplay, good customization and weapons, and lots of choices of how to do each and every mission, well then this game is for you. I personally enjoyed the game VERY VERY much and even though I'm not a huge Metal Gear Solid fan (this is the first MGS came I've ever played) I still think this is one of the best games I've ever played. There isn't any part of the gameplay or levels that feels unfinished, but here's comes the bad part.Chapter 1 was amazing, each mission made me feel like I was doing something to drive the story and it ended with a great resolution, but with the sense that you had much more to do. However... Chapter 2 was EXTREMELY UNDERWHELMING and that isn't even the tip of the iceburg. It gives you the same main story levels as Chapter 1.... but just a bit harder. This isn't a joke you had to defeat Quiet in a mission in order to get her as your buddy and you  did it AGAIN, with the SAME DIALOGUE, same EVERYTHING except now she kills you in one shot. Kojima didn't just do this once, he did the same thing with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of other missions. Chapter 2 ended well enough if you know the big picture of the Metal Gear Solid story, but if you're like me and you're looking for a story that feels complete IN ITSELF not just fitting a missing gap in a timeline... then this game just isn't for you. The map is another problem, there isn't much reason for this game to be an open world game besides giving you methods to get soldiers for mother base whenever you want. The maps are extremely bland in both the destinations you play in with no civilians, it's just you and other soldiers and an empty map with no easter eggs or cool desinations to explore. Not to mention going between missions is extremely annoying even when you have a car, so I chose to take a chopper every time and BOY DID I GET TIRED OF SEEING THE SAME GOD  DAMN CHOPPER CUTSCENE EVERY TIME. If Kojima had just added one more map or something and some cities with civilians and quests that aren't ""Extract the prisoner, extract this goat, extract this soldier"" then I would've been much more satisfied.Basically I played this game entirely because Chapter 1 was amazing and I just wanted to finish it, which wasn't hard to do it isn't painful it's still a really fun game with great interactions and different ways to do missions every single time. The AI can be pretty unpredictable at times so that raises the tensions. The aspect I probably enjoyed the most was that the AI doesn't act like they know where you are at all times, if you are seen then you go out of sight you have a good chance of escaping back into the shadows.LONG STORY SHORT:PROS: Very satisfying stealth mechanics, complex paths of doing missions every time, an AI that is very good (even though it seems awkward at times), and good customization options.CONS: Bland maps, unfinished story, repetetive missions, and I'm just going to repeat unfinished story because chapter 2 SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN THE END.9/10(I know I complained a lot but I really enjoyed this game and was trying to be unbiased in my review)"
,Recommended,287700,23857851,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Geralt of Rivia,"This is review is coming from a guy who has almost never played a METAL GEAR SOLID game and in my opinion, it's a great game. Bear in mind that I have not completed the game yet!Let's talk about the performance, I haven't experienced any bugs nor has my fps dropped below 60. So performance = 10/10.The story is great, it's a bit repetetive BUT I've only played about 10 hours and many of those hours are side op misisons. So story is 8/10 maybe I'll change the score when I've finished the game.Now on to controls... In my opinion, they are OK. Alot of the controls are a bit weird (my opinion) and takes a few hours to get used to. Another thing that I really don't like is the climbing... It's just so weird not being able to climb some ""rocks"", there is no JUMP button cause when you press space your character kind of launches on the ground (it looks awesome). AND YES I know there is a climb button for climbing up on rocks but from my experience it almost never worked... Controls 6/10 maybe 7/10.So the characters are really well done, I love listening to ""Jack Bauer"" (Kiefer Sutherland) the voice of BOSS. And there's not really much downs here. Characters = 10/10.I could go on about the open world but I don't really think I need to. The game is great and I would give it a 8/10 maybe more in future :)I tried to make this review as mature as possible so sorry if I'm not an expert at reviewing games :/Thanks for reading and have an awesome life!"
,Recommended,287700,23744463,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Dittochu,"Through the cheaters on FOBs and the missing content that still makes me suffer phantom pain. I still enjoy every minute of this, Playing hours of MGO, Side ops and the occasional infultration and defense. I love this game to death."
,Recommended,287700,25821317,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Conpon,"I heard this game can take over 400 hours to finish this game and a full 42 hours to finish the main story alone,pros-sexeh graphics-brilliant story-great characters-quiet ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)-only £24.99 now-doesnt take itself insanley serious-you can have a ♥♥♥♥ing shower in this game-no expansion packsCons-quiet doesnt give you the♥♥♥♥♥♥-afghanistan is a bit small-sometimes enemies just see through walls and stuff-micro dlc for clothes (I bought them anyway)-want to kill myself when mother base gets attacked and i lose all my resources-my S+ ranked soldier died :(-sideops are always the same stuff"
76561198044835746,Recommended,287700,19443952,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,VenomwolfX,A Hideo Kojima Game
76561198050712099,Recommended,287700,17830092,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,reginald.allouchery,"This game is amazing in every possible ways.  Perfect optimization.  Superb cinematic story.  Great controls and interface.  Beautiful graphics.  Favorite metal gear, hands down."
76561198150503730,Recommended,287700,24018462,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,richardwolf99,"> Played the game on my birthday.> Suddenly, Miller told me to get back to base.> Arrived at base, no one's around.> All of a sudden, fireworks cracked and men sang happy birthday.> Held my tears in.I LOVE YOU KOJIMA!!!"
,Recommended,287700,24484001,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,The Semen Arsonist,"BOSS, GET DOWNThat's an enemy sniperA single burst from its machine gun can tear a man in half."
,Recommended,287700,17859949,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Servo,"This ""review"" is spoiler-free.  As a long time fan of the MG series (I read the Worlds of Power book as a kid if that's an indicator) - this game is wonderful.  I won't go in to details, might write a full review after the game is finished but that is still a long way off after 20+ hours.Some thoughts quickly though: The gameplay is varied to a very satisfying degree and feels polished in all areas, you have tons of options in how you approach missions/scenarios, the game feels very immersive, great voice acting, cassette tapes are actually very entertaining to listen to with great information.  Troy Baker sounds a bit too much like Joel here, but that is just a personal complaint, he is becoming my new Steve Blum in that when he plays a role, I can only hear the Voice Actor himself instead of the character.So far the PC port has been near-flawless for me (I have an issue with the ""emblem creator"" but it is not hindering my enjoying of the game)The game itself maintains a steady 60fps at the highest settings and I have had no other issues.  I use a PS4 Controller with DS4Windows.  I'm impressed with the quality of this PC version - also it has been patched a couple times since release already (today is 9/3) which is a good thing.Overall I'm really quite impressed with this game so far and I know things are only going to get more intense in the story, I can't wait."
76561198002825059,Recommended,287700,17857651,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,tigerhours,"User reviews  = Overwhelmingly positiveI never make reviews but, this game truly deserves it.This is no copy cat game, this is ground breaking. This is not Metal Gear at it's finest, this is gaming at it's finest.Spectacular.10/10"
,Recommended,287700,17862003,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Shadow,A Hideo Kojima game.
,Recommended,287700,17863942,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,dingo 🐺,"Been waiting for this game for a very long time.Everything about it is absolutely fantastic, and the prologue is just about the greatest intro to a game of all time, no questions asked. Although my only gripe is that I wish there was a bit more focus on story, everything is perfect. The gameplay makes up for that, as you are able to form your own personal experiences as you traverse missions at your own pace, your own way.There is an absolutely massive selection of items and weapons, and as of now I haven't seen any gun customization yet, but I'm going to assume that just adds to the great expanse.Mother Base manages to seamlessly blend action-oriented gameplay with a slower management system that really feels like you're making a difference, and making YOUR Mother Base your own.If you're worried about the microtransactions, don't be. As far as I can tell, they don't matter whatsoever. Honestly, I don't even know what they are.The cinematography is beautiful, and (most of) the cutscenes are perfectly smooth and seamless, immersing you even further into the game.As for the port, it's simply the most optimized game I've ever played. I was expecting to not be able to run this whatsoever, but my PC pulled through, and I'm able to run ultra with a smooth 60 FPS.However, if you're new to the series, I would advise not playing this game, as you will most likely not understand a thing that's going on, and the prologue will be just about the most confusing thing you'll ever see.But this is the greatest MGS of all time. Not only that, it might be one of the greatest games of all time in general.10/10.Hideo Kojima delivered."
,Recommended,287700,17862519,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,jroddie,"Probably the best game I've ever played.pros:Easy on the GPU and CPU, not very intensive.gameplay is fun and enjoyable.so much variety between guns and toolsrich storycool buddiesmother base system looks really great.cons:konami has implemented microtransactions for their FOB, the online mode.being connected to the online system makes the menus load slowly"
,Recommended,287700,17860854,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,The12351,"Great game, Hideo and Kojima really hit a home run with this one. The port is also quite good, runs very well on my system with a Q9550, 8GB of DDR2, and R9 270x. Only complaint I have is a lack of mouse support in the menus."
,Recommended,287700,17861367,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Nito,Just buy this damn masterpiece already.
,Recommended,287700,17863514,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,hayder,good game wish I knew who the director was
,Recommended,287700,17841862,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,WulrusStrangler,"You better buy some Motherbase Coins for this GOTY, goy."
,Recommended,287700,17837613,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Adrian Gaming,The greatest game I've ever played (that title was previously held by Metal Gear Solid IV).A Hideo Kojima game.Get this game.
,Not Recommended,287700,17934429,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,peekaye,"keep in mind, huge metal gear fan. it is fun, but it doesnt feel like a metal gear game. it feels like farcry3 with metal gear characters. there is no real story. there are no major boss fights. lots of content seems to have been cut. its an open world game spotted with metal gear references. its mission based, and many missions are copy\pasted with minor tweaks. many missions have nothing to do with the story. this game feels incomplete. it doesnt have the kojima polish. it feels almost like a fan fiction. It does not feel like a metal gear game. I repeat, it does not feel like a metal gear game.good: gameplay, music, weapons, customization.bad: story, characters, ending."
,Not Recommended,287700,18294279,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,The Impossible Jackal,"When this game was announced, I was beyond hype. I love the MG series. That said, now that I have clocked some time into this game, I can tell it was not ready to be put on the market. While I do have issues with these subjects, I am not here to discuss the ending, nor the story (or lack there of). I am here to say that this game wasn't worth $60, just as when GZs came out, it wasn't worth $30. This could've been an amazing game, but, lack of content past mission 31 (harder versions of mission I've already played isn't ""more content"", it's a difficulty modifier) outside of a couple loose ends that are ""tied up"". The game is super repetitive in that manner, as well as farming mats and soldiers. I feel as though I couldn't play the game because I would have to babysit Mother Base at times. Same way with FOBs. The lack of a complete offline/single player mode has deterred many gamers from this title. I do not blame Kojima for these blunders in the slightest. He wanted to make a masterpiece of a game, and in certain aspects, I can see where he tried, but, Konami put the final nail in this casket. So...Is the game fun? Parts of it. The fact you can carry a mission out any way you see fit is a nice change of pace.Does the game have replayability? To an extent, yes. Like aforementioned, the fact that you have different avenues to carry out and complete missions will keep players coming back, for awhile. This does not excuse the constant regenerating side-ops, and the addition of replaying older missions with the new difficulty modifiers, however. I feel as though either missions were cut, or maybe not even completed, and Konami wanted to flesh out the game some more, so they added the filler missions after mission 31. You also have those induviduals who do enjoy FOBs, and when it is released, MGO, but, I realize those modes are not for everyone (myself included).Audio/Visual? The game is beautiful and the music is fantastic. Zero complaints out of me there.Do you recommend this game? No. Not for $60. Not even for $30. Pick this game up for as cheap as you can get it. Maybe then you won't feel cheated out of your money.As a side note- Before anyone screams ""You could have just refunded it if you didn't like it!"", yes, I could have. Only problem is that the first 30 or so missions are pretty fun, which is a large chunk of the game. There would be no way to get that far into the game, and still meet Steam's refund guidelines.Like I said, I could see what Kojima was trying to do with this final game, and I commend him for trying his best, and even though certain parts of the game may not be fun, the parts that are, I attribute to his success.RIP Kojima Productions. You were truly the ""Man that Sold the World""."
,Recommended,287700,19246355,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Antonio Margheriti,GO BUY THIS NOW!!! Everything I could ask for in a game
,Recommended,287700,19418190,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Phxonis,"I need to make this before but I finally doing it and I fell its the right time.This game is apperently not gonna be ""GOTY"" but I don't thing so.I have a little hope to be ""GOTY"".But many people says that ""GOTY"" gonna The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt.Yeah I waited TW3 since 2014 June and I was very exiced to play the game.Then I play it,I love it then I believed that ""This game is definitely gonna ""GOTY"" until my friend suggest MGSV.I buy game 3 weeks ago and I really really love it.It was different to TW3.The game was exellent and I don't want to leave this game.Game's story is very good and its open world!The graphics man...The graphics are exellent.This game doesn't want you to just play it.Game want you to use your logic.In missions.But not only missions.Even in Mother Base!If you don't manage the right man the crews level down and if you bring good man it up.Because of that I travel everywhere to find good man.The bad thing is ""patience"".Wait,wait,wait...I thing they do this intentionally.You wait in Heli and heli and heli.Game teach us to be patience that is good to a point.Its getting boring and If you haven't got much time you can't play it because you wait for departing and boarding.Thats it.I want game be ""GOTY"".And of course,Kojima,please,back to Konami and make good games like this.This game is incredible!"
76561198161260835,Recommended,287700,19495258,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,吴彦祖,"Thank you Hideo Kojima, and FXXK KONAMI."
76561198085117662,Recommended,287700,19521212,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dr.Fartbox,♥♥♥♥ KONAMI
,Recommended,287700,20011408,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ironside,Outstanding game with a lot of really great combat and customization from base development to operative loadout. Don't spend too much on your character customization--its useage is a lie and you still look like snake. 24 game hours in at the moment and it has been some great fun but the missions are getting redundant and I am kind of getting bored. All in all I recommend this game on sale. Not worth the full $60 in my opinion.
,Recommended,287700,19472791,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Mu,"It's been a few months since I touched this, but I'd figure I'd review this game. It deserves it..Firstly, I will say I am a Metal Gear Fanboy. I've even played MG:R. For those of you who don't already know, the world of Metal Gear is story heavy. Though when I say story heavy, I dont mean realistic. Its not. It's insane, which is the primary appeal of the game.I warn you, If you're a Metal Gear Solid fan, Go into this with an extremely open mind. The formula is VERY different.Now that thats out of the way: Let's begin.Story: The story has changed...Ok, the story here could've been done a little better. Its not particularly mind-blowing like MGS3SE. But It has its moments. Even a touch of the feels at one point. Thats not to say that the story is bad, Its not. Its just not the story of a Metal Gear Game. It falls short on delivery, which makes the twists VERY (and I mean very) hard to digest. (Had to think about the ending for 2 days). Snake here doen't talk as much and its noticable. Gone are the witty one liners of Naked Snake. Instead, we get a very ""Quiet"" snake ;). Speaking of Quiet, She has, in my opinion, the best story arc in this game. Other Character's story arc pale in comparison. It was well done. Though I wish theyd give more attention to other Characters in game.Graphics: 10/10 would stare at QuietGraphics in this game are all around good. Nothing particularly mind blowing, but the consistency is there. everything has been attended to. Afghanistan and Africa look amazing when eveything is finally presented to you. The layering of all the elements, graphically, just make the game beautiful. That being said, you'd see 3 kinds of places, the sands of Afghanistan, the jungles of Africa, and Mother Base (Urban area). It doesn't offer that much variation. But It succeeds in making me feel like 3 was enough. Even with the longer shelf life of this particular Metal Gear game. Each place doesn't overstay its welcome, which in turn, you never feel weary of the places.Audio: Taaakkkeee onnnn meeeee~ (take on me)One of the game's strengths. There is a mix here of heavy emotional tracks to the classic tracks from the 80. And I'd always always make sure that my iDroid was playing music while covertly crawling into the bushes trying not to be seen.This just makes for a really really fun time when you're capturing bases.  The sound layering was done well, and the sound of the guns feel different from one another. Mixed in with the winds blowing from a sandstorm trying to to engulf the whole base, You're immersed as far as sound goes.Gameplay: *Hides in a box with anime waifu poster attached*Gameplay is the main star in this game. Heightens the bar set for steath games. Its just so damn fun. You are put in a little sandbox where you do these simple tasks. Do it over and over again, and you would expect me to be bored. Not here, my friend. Here you do it over and over again without feeling repetative. Probably because of the freedom the game allows on you. You can go around the base in any way you can, With a complex layer of gameplay systems all mashed together for the sole purpose of helping the player infiltrate the enemy base. AI here is complicated in a favorable way. Enemies act in a way grunts act. They dont go in a definite pattern, nor are the RNG patters *cough* AliensIsolation *cough*Gameplay is perfect here.TL:DR10/10 I had a blast playing it. After you get over that reaction after the end, Its a Great game. The Phantom Pain is real."
,Recommended,287700,19491831,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Xtasey,"Never has a game captured my utter and complete attention.  The gameplay is extraordinary in of itself, and the motherbase meta game is the cherry on the top.  Worth every devalued dollar that you pay for it. It is my first sojourn into the world of Metal Gear and now I am a fan.  My only criticism is the story could have used some more fleshing out, although the cassettes you find throughout the game make for very interesting listening as the plot unfolds.  Whether following the missions or even doing ""free roam"" collecting resources and assets for motherbase and the Diamond Dogs, this game will keep you up WAY past the morning alarm clock!  Enjoy!  WoaHAAAAAAUH!  (You'll get this last bit if you buy the game or watch a youtube video of some of the game play)  -Xt"
76561198106725267,Recommended,287700,19797704,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,イスピクス,"Chapter 1 was a good start and was picking up the pace, filling in some Metal gear solid info.Chapter 2 is like wtf. Its rehashed missions form chapter one with different standards of doing it. Goddam like seriously did the Devs like said♥♥♥♥♥it just go with whatever to fill in for missing missions or wut?Anyways the gamplay is fun and if you dont mind the un needed extension of the story its a fun game to play."
,Recommended,287700,19850347,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Des,this game is kinda fun
,Recommended,287700,19881849,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Commend Me Please,Excellent but i cant play anymore after 200 hours on play
,Recommended,287700,20368293,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,UnknownSpartan the Digger,"Where to begin?I'll start with the negatives.The game is incomplete from its original vision, and it shows in some parts. We don't know the full extent of what was cut, aside from Battle Gear and Mission 51.The post-launch Grade 6 and up weapons and equipment require you to play online to develop, take several days to develop, and are prohibitively expensive to use if you don't play online.Some of the resources you steal in singleplayer from the enemy are stored online and can be stolen from your FOB. This can be a hastle when you need every Precious Metal you can grab to develop items, and only want to play offline.The long cutscenes from previous titles are gone. In my eyes, this was a negative.The story doesn't have a satisfying conclusion. You're left with a major cliffhanger at the end.The game can get really grindy. GMP gets hard to come by once you've done a lot of sideops and missions. You may need some plants that only spawn in a certain region, and are hard to find.The resource cost to use some weapons or items can be really high. I liked the tranq gun with integral suppressor, but I constantly had to go back to the Africa map to get the plant to use it.Not all of the characters are as over the top as you'd be expecting. I'm mainly talking about Revolver Ocelot, whom longtime fans of the series knew for his eccentric personality.The positives?The freedom of infiltration. No longer are you punished heavily for going lethal. There's several ways to complete a mission.The separate missions. This was introduced in Peace Walker, though I never played that title extensively. Instead of having to play the whole game over again to play your favorite sequence, you can just play your favorite mission.The graphics. This game can be played on relatively low end machines for how nice it looks. On max settings, the game looks stunning.Variety of equipment. There's a gun or other item to everyone's fancy.Buddies. They range from walking weapons platform that destroys choppers to a highly trained dog (it's not a wolf) who sniffs out mines and enemy locations.Field drops. Accidentally brought the wrong weapon? Mission conditions change and now you need a rocket launcher? You're no longer SOL when this happens. They also act as a way to knock out an enemy.Vehicles. Need to get across Afghanistan, and D-Horse isn't fast enough? Grab a jeep. Don't need the speed, but the firepower? Grab an APC. Waves of well armed enemies coming after you? Call in a tank.Soundtrack. Some of the most recognizable tracks from the 80s are in here. Take out an armored Soviet divison while playing Kids in America, or Take On Me.Accessability to new fans. Most of the events the events that happened before chronologically are explained in game. Though, this is Big Boss' story. If you want to see Solid Snake's story, you don't see much here.Overall, the game has its glaring flaws, but more than enough positives that outweigh those flaws. I was disappointed at how it ended and at the absurd difficulty of FOB content, but I didn't regret that I played it. If this game were complete, I have no doubts that this would have been the frontrunner for GOTY."
,Recommended,287700,19338951,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,urkel,"The first MGS for PS1 get me totally hooked, I completed the game at least 5 times, maybe more, I don't remember. I loved the gameplay, the awesome story and the final bosses, they were awesome. I never found the same fun in later games of the series, awful camera angles that made the gameplay too painful to enjoy and ridiculous characters, made me forget the series. Almost 20 years has passed since then and I'm grateful that the new approach to open world stealth gameplay that Kojima has decided for his final project of the series, made me recover part of the great fun I had back then. I still miss epic final bosses, but the game offer a quality and perfectionism you will hardly in any other game."
,Recommended,287700,19421539,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Rezllaz,"It's a damn good game.I believe everyone already said that, but it's always good to remember:If you're a fan like me, you'll be really disappointed. If you just want to have fun in a spionage open world, it's perfect. You'll play for 100 hours non-stop, and when MGO3 releases you play for a hundred more.It's worth buying, but if all you care is for the story, then don't bother buying it, just watch it on YouTube."
,Recommended,287700,19439957,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,PullMyTeethOut,"Privet,Please read, us russians dont know how to grammer dont judge comerades ssMGSV TPP is such a great game the stealth is amazing and also the gunplay. Im Such a big fan of the series and its really cool That you could beRaiden and other snakes.I am 100% done the game and waiting for multiplayer. I would recommend this game 9.9/10Some people really dont enjoy steath games but, i really do. I would get this 100%. Get this game see if you like it if  you dont like it, then you can just refund it, only if you have, less than 14 days or 2 hrs on the game.Great game again, would buy comerades yees"
,Recommended,287700,19446904,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ttumoreira,">There's almost 100 weapons>Just need a freaking RC flying rocket fist13/10, would keep fisting enemies."
,Recommended,287700,19491162,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,orangesya,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,19667618,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Texas Toast,"""5/5, Would remember the Alamo again"".Have you ever played a game so much you don't even have to check to know exactly how many hours you have in that game? For instance, at the time of writing this I know I have exactly 718 hours in this game without having to check.*My most played game on SteamJust hit 400 hours.Edit: 500 hours.Edit: *Cough* 600 hours...Edit: 666 hoursCan't stop Won't stopEdit: 700 hours"
76561198029979104,Recommended,287700,19860617,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,SEÑOR CHINGADAZO LIMPIO,"Ok First of all,i do recommend this game JUST FOR PEPLE WHO IS NOT FAN OF THIS SERIES!!!If you are new in the world of metal gear GO A HEAD , HAVE FUN!!FOR TRULLY FANS OF THE SERIES.... BEWARE!!!THIS IS NOT THE METAL GEAR WE WERE WAITING FOR!!!sh sh sh sh sh sh shut your ♥♥♥♥ing mouth and listen!!what kills this game is the ""open world"" gameplay and the microTransaccion ,yeap it does affect the game!!I am hard core fan of Metal Gear ,i come here for the History ,the sweet badass stealth action AND ♥♥♥♥ING GLORIOUS BOSS BATTLES!!!sorry but there is nothing of that in this game!!!sure big boss does plays amasing , the control is the best the serias has ever seen , but that freedom kills the IA,this game is incredible easy and it gets old pretty quick!i stuck with this game for the history just to see what is gonna happen.......and there is no payoff for doing thatAS i SAID!!! THIS GAME IS FOR NEW COMERS!! This game has been waterdown in order to appeal to the massesget it in a steam Sale!! ask a friend to borrow his account so you can play it firstand MORE IMPORTANT ♥♥♥♥ONAMI!!!!"
,Recommended,287700,19950259,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Maerx,"One of the best stealth (action-adventure) games out there and the best Metal Gear Solid game gameplay-wise with near impeccable presentation.It's surprising how the weakest aspect of this title is its story. Almost every Metal Gear Solid game has been an example of hownotto handle exposition, however, they make up for it with interesting story/plot/characters/bosses/themes. Metal Gear Solid V The Phantom Pain fails to deliver in almost all of those aspects to the point where sometimes it doesn't feel like a Metal Gear Solid title. It’s hard to say if most of it, if not all, is a consequence of the controversy surrounding the game’s development and release or of Hideo Kojima’s shift in priorities, regardless, this is what we got.It might be a “disappointment” for some long time fans of the series and to explain how and why would mean serious spoilers, not just for this game but for the entire series, but suffice to say that despite all of that it remains a solid title with fun and engrossing gameplay that rewards experimentation and it packs serious amounts of content.Metal Gear Solid has never played this good."
,Recommended,287700,20497717,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dente,"I strongly recomend this. The more you play better it gets.Pros:-Very rich story and yet richer if you spend some time listening to the tapes.-Lots and lots of things to manage and research/develop.-It is MGS, all the mechanics we love.-Hideo KoijmaCons (This is a HUGE con for me):-Having to walk around a huge motherbase searching (a lot) for your crewmembers to hit them in the face one by one to try to boost the morale. This annoys me a lot, makes no sense and takes a lot of time and effort.-I can't see a good reason why you can't Fulton yourself"
,Not Recommended,287700,20613258,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,roflkatamari,"(Spoiler free review)As a long time fan I found this to be really REALLY lacking. In my opinion the series stopped being great starting with 4. I kept on playing the series because I love the trilogy so much. However, none of the newer entries matched that greatness.Moving on to this game, One thing I really disliked is that the Snake almost NEVER talks. He usually just has really short lines. I really wonder if this was because Kiefer Sutherland is just too expensive of an actor. This game is most similar to Peace Walker and that game had lots of tapes too. Snake in that game was VERY talkative which in my opinion added a lot to the character. Here Snake is just silent. Again, I feel like the only explenation is Kiefer Sutherland's paycheck. A lot of tapes in this game just give you information. No dialogue, just some guy talking. Sometimes they talk really long about trivial stuff for no reason. PW did this way better IMO. It had more dialogues and a lot more humor (and of course more Snake).Story pacing is terrible. Most main missions have almost nothing to do with the main story. When you do get some story bits it's usually not so interesting or is lost in the bad pacing. I don't want to spoil anything about the story, but one thing I want to say is that characters who used to be interesting became boring in this one.Gameplay. I heard a lot of people say ""Story is worse and unfinished but the gameplay is the best of the series!"". I do agree that controls feel somewhat more fluid and less restrictive. However, it's not all great. Some moves that were in previous games is missing in this one. For example, I'm pretty sure that I could shimmy along the wall after reaching the top of a ladder in MGS 4. Here I have to climb up and then drop down again  next to the ladder. Why?One thing that really kills the stealth in this game IMO is soldier extraction. I love stealth in games and I think stealth is best when it's about slipping in undetected without alerting anyone or interacting with anyone. The puzzle of reading the environment and finding the best route is what it's about IMO. The fatal blow to that in this game is fultoning enemies. Sure you can actually force yourself to play pure stealth, and the game is sort of OK at that, but the game is designed in a way that you NEED those soldiers. You stop and check every single soldier for their stats and try to extract the good ones. Your objective becomes extracting the soldiers. Once you extract them you actually removed the obstacles in your path and you can just run around freely. In previous games, interacting with enemies wasn't encouraged. Interacting with them almost always had a penalty that came with it. Here they just disappear after you fulton them (unless you fulton them close to other enemies which is really easy to avoid).Even if you want to do pure stealth, AI has certain behaviors you figure out after playing a while. You can pretty much just toss empty magazines to do whatever you want with the AI. I guess the previous games had similar quirks to the AI, but they weren't as long as this game so the AI didn't get boring at least in the first playthrough.Side ops are horrible. Even a portable game like Peace Walker had way more variety than this game.It's not a bad game but I give it a thumbs down because of the huge disappointment. I just don't understand the high reviews it got. It's pretty saddening that this is probably the Metal Gear game that had the most hype before its release and it's probably the one that got the most new players to the series."
,Recommended,287700,20730581,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,♛Sir-Meowshington♛,"Probably one of my favorite campaign game I have ever palyed. The story is very interesting and the game is fun to play and great free roaming, although after finishing the game the side ops are getting pretty boring and repetitve. I highly reccomend this game"
,Recommended,287700,20253009,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,the lost hamburger,"Big (not russian) b0ss goes out to battle with cancer and Firemen from Bioshock Infinite.This game is pretty solid, though i felt some phantom pain on harder missions (overused joke intensifies).8/10 forgettable.I love this game, i should go kill myself for writing this review."
,Recommended,287700,20439010,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,♥ Anfield Caddie ♥,"MGS series will always be my favourite, now and forever.I just wanna say thank you,to Hideo Kojima Sang, to my childhood, as well as my whole memories.I believe this game cannot be inherited by other producers and TPP is the end of an era.So farewell, the TRUE solid snake, the TRUE big boss."
,Recommended,287700,20476079,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,JohnGalt,"The best game I've played to date.Pros:Enemy and Frendly AI is very intelligentEvery choice/small detail matters (too many headshots, more helmets for enemy, destroy helmet warehouse, easy headshots again)Customize EVERYTHINGSo much more going on than just a ""main story""Unique take on online multiplayervirtually unlimited replay value, (devs continue adding stuff every once in a while)Greatest level of tactical freedom I've ever seen in a game, (including the Arma series)Easter eggs through out.The PC optimization present in this title is extraordinary. Will run smoothly and still look beautiful on older systems with < 2.5Ghz processor and only 1Gb of VRAM despite what the requirements may state.ConsMain story could be a bit disappointing to those who have not played the other games, especially the two games from the 8-bit era.Online portions of the game could interfere with the experience of those who only want to play single player.Checkpoints for the longer missions can be a little too spread out, be stupid/impatient at your own risk."
,Recommended,287700,20480952,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Krat,I enjoyed the bit with the skeleton guy.
,Recommended,287700,20610694,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,hidersnake,This game would have been a masterpiece with small tweaks and a story that wasn't half-arsed.
,Recommended,287700,20906728,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,GreyBattleMaid,"Having never played any of the other Metal Gear games, I started playing Metal Gear Solid V:THE PHANTOM PAIN without any previous judgments regarding the game series. I strongly enjoyed the beginning, it has  a very engaging starting action scene (with many cutscenes). However, I only really started enjoying the game as I got further through the game and unlocked lots of the different mechanics and gadgets that are available to the player. The stealth in this game is possibly the best I ever played. The very best part of this game is the comic relief that breaks up the serious and violent action scenes. The game however, has an ending that feels incomplete, the game makes you repeat many of the same levels just on a harder difficulty. As a whole, MGS V:THE PHANTOM PAIN is an extremely good game for fans and newbies alike!"
,Recommended,287700,20948243,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,DolgVlaPet,"It took me plenty of time, but I've finally finished this game.If you are interested in a short opinion (Because that's what reviews essencially are... Another player opinion on the product), I'd say that it is a good, story rich open world-ish stealth/action game with plenty to do and it's worth the money you will be spending on it. I do recommend this game and it's a 10/10.Mentioning all the details of this game could take a good while and will inevitable lead to spoilers, so... In order to avoid that, I'd like to expand, but, to keep this review as short as possible. So... First of all, you'll have to bear with first 2-3 missions, where the devs are going to explain you how to play this. You'll get to know main characters, story about what the hell is going on (Partilly at least) and meet some people from previous parts of the MGS series. And after that, you are pretty much free. Do whatever mission you like and the way you like it. You could try a sneaky stealth approach  or brutally charge right into the battle. Lethal/Non-Lethal. Ranged/Melee. Long range/Close range. Man, you can even make your own personal universal gun for all kinds of tactical situations... Mine was lethal with non-lethal gas grenades launcher for just in case, silencer and sniper scope... And all  that was mounted on a damn ak74. So, yeah... Ridiculous amount of liberty. I think that if I keep writing like that, all you'll see it's just a plain boring text for like about 3-5 pages, so yeah... Ehem. I promised to keep it shorter, so let's jump directly to pros and cons, so the review stays informative and won't bore you to death. Yeah! So...Pros:It's an open world game. So, there are plenty of places to go and a lot of stuff to do. Use the landscapes on your advantage to do mission... Or don't. Select your camo-clothes according to the surroundings, so you can blend in and execute the mission in total stealth perfection... Or just grab a tank and smash some stuff up. Or blow up outposts with a rocket launcher. I don't care what you do... Open world, babe'. Do whatever you want.Huuuuuge story-line. So you won't be completing the game any time soon (Unless you are speedrunning it, of course), but if you are playing it for a first/second/third time, it's going to take a looot of time to actually complete it entirelly. Leaving aside entirelly... Completing the main story would take more than 1 real day (Not that I tried... It took me about 100 hours, but I've been told). So yeah. There are tons of primary and secondary missions to do, so if you like a story-rich games, you are for a threat here, mah' boy.A lot of easter eggs, hidden mechanics and features that will unlock as you progress through the game. You actully never see those coming... Like, you are reaching the point where you know how is everything works? YOU ARE WRONG! Major plot twist! New mechanic and feature! Adapt or die... Or do not adapt and just wear heavy armor and blow up stuff. But (A bit of a spoiler) there is a karma mechanic, so try to not overdo with all the carnage thingie. Just my personal advice, but do as you please man... You are the boss here. The big boss.AI adapt to your actions. That's right, you heard it right, mah' man. No more killing mindless drones the same way all way. No, sir... You are about to get royally ♥♥♥♥♥♥еd. You like using a sniper rifle a little bit too much? Be prepared for false decoy soldiers, snipers and mortar fire. You like to rush in and just shoot em' up? Be prepared for units in heavy armor next time. Try to mow one of these with your pathetic, weak assault rifle. Using the vehicles, because they are too op and the enemy can't do sнiт about it? Not anymore... Be ready for some rocket launchers and enemy vehicles. So... Yeah. Every bit of tactic you use on your enemies, they'll invent a counter-measure eventually. Makes it more interesting and dynamic.There are plenty of online features (Won't tell much about them, because spoilers), but there is a multiplayer! Sadly, there is no coop, but you can enjoy good old deathmatches, capture the file and stuff like that. But it's not the most interesting part of online interactions... You'll see it when it comes. You won't expect that sнiт, but it will pop-up and blow right in your face when you least expect it! Hah! Well... Don't be too excited. Maybe I am a bit too excited about it and no one else gives a damn... Anyhow... It's pretty cool.Aaand a music. There is some cool good old classic hits. Some new tracks, that (I am guessing) are part of official OST of this game and also... Also you can put your own music in there and listen it as you go killing people on your way. So, that's pretty fun too... Yeah.Cons:Secondary missions are a bit repetitive. You won't notice it first, but after a while they are like the same thing over and over again and after a while you'll just forget they even exists... Even though some of those are a should-do... If you want some cool new features, that is.At latest stages of your base development and weapons research (Yeah. You will have your own base. Kind of forgot to mention that before), the game become reeeaaally grindy. If you want that sweet-sweet fakel-sleeping-gas-tripple-barrel-grenade-launcher, for example, it wil take you a gooood while to get the resourses and people to be able to actully research it.Insane Japanese shenenigans. I won't even expand this point... There is no need. You'll know it when you'll see it.So... Pretty much, I'll leave you with that. I won't tell any more, as it will take a looot more words and space and time and your vision and existence... So, yeah. Anyway. That's all, guys. Game is good."
76561198005532278,Not Recommended,287700,21038722,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sarok Adarron,
,Recommended,287700,20131405,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NeoDiver,You could say... this game made my... Metal Gear Solid. ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,287700,20325626,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,air,Its pretty good
,Recommended,287700,20514419,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,NoRunningInMyLobby,A game by Hideous Pajama
,Recommended,287700,20720289,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,NextGenKing,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,287700,20724716,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,kirkland signature girl,im gay and so is revolver ocelot
,Recommended,287700,20782538,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,[ATG] Jakapoa,"Here's how much I like this game.I wrote a 17 page reviewHERE. Steam will only take three pages. Spoilers are hidden, and the formating is better on GDocs anyway.So here's the TL;DR version from it's intro and whatever else I could fit in here:Preemptive TL;DR ReviewThe game is incredibly fun.At least 60 hours minimum in gameplayfor Chapter 1.More “replay value” than what Ground Zeros had.Multiple ways to play; no one way is the “correct” way (but stealth earns more points).You can drive around the African plains, driving off cliffs, with unconscious guards in the back, all while “Take On Me” plays on your walkman.8.5/10GameplayI could sit here for paragraphs and talk about the new open-world style. Yes, it’s extremely fun and gives you hours of replayability. Don’t feel like sneaking today? How about ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥up in a tank. Want to do missions with (almost) no starting equipment? Go for it. The world is your play thing.But you probably already knew that.Rather than blab on about all the open-world mechanics, I want to focus on the one mechanic that really resonated with me;The Response System. In a nutshell, the response system is how the enemy forces react to you.No, a nutshell istoo small. Let’s compare it to a frig’en acme-grade boulder. It’se-uge.The response system was Kojima Production’s way of tailoring the difficulty of Phantom Pain toevery individual player. Is your strategy based around vehicular combat? Now enemies have guided missiles. Are you one ofthosepeople who just run-and-gun like mindless ♥♥♥♥wats? Have fun with those pinpoint-accurate riot suit guys. Or are you a traditional Metal Gear player, choosing stealth above all? Then watch where you step; there are mineseverywhere. Every single strategy has a response specifically designed against it, in a system designed to be your own personal challenge.The response system is broken down into eight separate “response” categories (six visible and two invisible). I want to go as in-depth as possible with this, so here’sa♥♥♥♥♥♥load ofsome charts. A quick breakdown:Combat response: Triggered by setting off alerts and doing frontal assaults. Enemies are equipped with better weapons and armour, reinforcements increase, and every enemy is hopped up on Diazepam.Sniper Response: Triggered by hitting enemies from long distances. Snipers are deployed around the map, just waiting to ruin your day.Vehicle Response: Triggered by getting kills with vehicles. Enemies are deployed with rockets; just two are powerful enough to stop your paper-thin tanks.Gas Response:Triggered by using gas and smoke grenades on guards,or when they smell the stink of someone who hasn’t showered in 20 missions. Enemies finally figure out the science behind gas masks, making them immune to your gasses.Headshot Response: Triggered by getting headshots. Enemies start wearing helmets, which you’ll respond to by shooting them in their still unprotected face.Nighttime Response: Triggered when you start doing more night-time vigilante work. Enemies trade in their glowsticks for flashlights, and have a chance to come equipped with night vision goggles so bright they put sam fisher to shame.Fulton Response: Triggered when you fulton a guard and his buddy happens to catch you in the act. Enemies respond by learning how to shoot a big♥♥♥♥♥balloon.Covert Actions Response: Triggered by neutralizing guards without setting off alerts. Enemies respond by putting up plastic dummies so fake they make lawn flamingos look real.This system is the backbone of the entire open-world machine that is Phantom Pain. Without it, this game would be nothing.That being said, the system isn’t perfect. While it’s designed to be hard for the way you play, it’s never hard enough. Drones and anti-theft devices are never used by the AI. And for someone who had a 1(high) response level in their Covert Actions Response, I only sawonecamera throughout the entire game.ONE. The hardest part of the entire game were vehicle battles, which boiled down to how many rockets you could fire off before you got sniped by a tank half a mile away.This stems from the fact that the system istoo diverse; difficulty doesn't exactly increase with progress anymore. Completing a few missions using a different tactic, be it intentional or unintentional, automatically lowers responses that were not triggered. Frequently completing missions with varying tactics would often keep the response system at stupid easy levels. The end-game of Phantom Pain for me was almost identical to the beginning missions, as I had somehow created a permanent half-combat, half-Covert Action response level. While it was nice to see such an in-depth difficulty system in use, they should have also incorporated elements of the standard “enemies get tougher as the game progresses” model. That would have created a perfect balance between personal-difficulty and progress-difficulty.Scoring SystemNow this next part probably won’t make any sense to people who haven’t played Peace Walker. Stick with me here, this isthe main reason why I think Phantom Pain is better than it’s predecessor Peace Walker, and why it makes Phantom Painone of the more unique entries in the series to date.First, let’s talk about the scoring/rank system that was in Peace Walker, as it is what the current system is based off of. The scoring system in Peace Walker graded you on a basic criteria at the end of each mission:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=600341225Given that system, you wereverylimited in how you could play. Sure, you could run through with the CAW (fully automatic shotgun that held 7 shots) and the Patriot (The Boss’ weapon, has unlimited ammo) and wreak everyone, but doing so would get you a low rank. To achieve an S rank, you'd have to sprint towards the objective, headshotting every guard along the way with your tranq pistol. This was almost a requirement, as getting a high rank (S rank) was required to get better (cool as♥♥♥♥) gear. We’re talking about stuff like the Railgun, Stealth Camo, EM Net, Vulcan Minigun, The End’s suit (from MGS3), The Boss’ weapon “Patriot”, andThe Banana(yes, you can use a banana as a weapon). So long story short, stealth was practically the only/best way to play.And this was Peace Walker’sbiggestdownfall. Here’s a game where you can develop an absolute [b♥♥♥♥♥♥load[/b] of weapons. Peace Walker had around 98 weapons: 63.5 of said weapons were lethal weapons (which you could only use on AI boss fights), 25 weapons were gimmick weapons (magazines, smoke grenades, LR and PR guns, etc.), and only9.5weapons were non-lethal.9.5. I have all these crazy♥♥♥♥♥guns and I'm stuck using the same 9.5 almost every mission. Iwantto use the minigun, Iwantto use the CAW.But I can’t. Thisseverelyrestricted your playstyles and how you could play the game. I hated it.Then Phantom Pain happened. While Phantom Pain’s grading system was still similar to Peace Walker’s, it improved it in about every area that Peace Walker failed:Time is still the largest factor in your rank.Alerts don’t penOut of space. Continued in Google Doc"
,Recommended,287700,34433340,Posted: 23 August,all,[XOF] Plutia,"Came to buy this game after finishing Peace Walker in my PSPnot even disappointedOne of the Best Stealth game ever made,The soundtrack are greatOptimization 10/10Music: Sins of the Father by Donna Burke----------------------------------------­----------------------------------------­-------------------Lyrics:Blind in the deepest nightReaching out, grasping for a fleeting memoryAll the thoughts keep piercing this broken mindI fall, but I'm still standing motionlessFar in the distanceThere is light, a light that burns these scars of oldAll this pain, reminds me of what I amI'll live, I'll become all I need to beWords that killWould you speak them to me?With your breath so still,It makes me believeIn the Father's sinsLet me suffer now and never dieI'm alivePride feeds their blackened hearts.And the thirst must be quenched to fuel hypocrisyCleansing flames is the only way to repentRenounce what made youWords that killWould you speak them to me?With your breath so still,It makes me believeThe Sins never die.Can't wash this blood off our handsLet the world fear us allIt's just means to an endOur salvation lies in the Father’s sins.Beyond the truth, (Let me suffer now)In my heart I just know that there's no way to light up the dark in his eyes."
,Recommended,287700,17955292,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Stalker13377,"""Directed by Hideo Kojima"" Simulator10 Directed by Hideo Kojima Simulators \ 10"
76561198202533876,Recommended,287700,17837684,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Bigster Chef,This game is Magnifico! One of the best I have ever played. Kojima really cooked up an extra special recipe for this one! I just cannot get enough of those delicious cannolis. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,287700,17842449,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Krackle,This game is Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker on roids.
76561198048586331,Not Recommended,287700,32336285,Posted: 11 June,all,Vagrant,"I loved this game, loved it. And then it deleted my save with no way of getting it back. The bug that causes it has existed since launch, exists in all versions of the game and the bug has not been fixed as of june 11th 2017.98 hours played, maxed bond with all buddies, had developed a kickass motherbase and was about to buy online currency to expand it even more. Most technology research/developed, 41% mission completion and it is just gone. Worst thing is, I wouldn't even mind having to play it again, but there is no FIX for the bug/glitch or whatever it is, so there is no telling when it will happen again.FFS I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off right now, Konami. I've bought every MGS game since the ps1 (some more than once), and this is how you treat your loyal gamers?  Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.Edit: It's been a few days since the wipe, and I definitely was angry when I wrote this review, as the tone shows. However, after having cooled down, I still mean all I wrote on here. I will add that IF you want to play this game, get into the habit of regularly, manually backing up your saves (as I have been doing since I started playing again).The game is fantastic, but that there exist multiple save wiping glitches/bugs with no fix since launch, I find it unacceptable. The negative review will remain for now."
,Recommended,287700,17955181,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Hakuoro,"Ea gaems be like "" hey sweets, 100$ prepurchase , don't forget about premium for exclusive stuff bring another 100$"" :3Activision gaems be like "" hey bro, call of duty black ops 3, best game ever, more explosive and terrorists, cool graphic, no recycle, beta acces, 150 $ ples. Also gibe more, season pass ok?""Konami be like 30$ for whole epic game.Thank you! That million positive emotions, I am happy like a lil child. Finally someone made a game for players, not only for cash.Waiting mgs: online so much!edit: sorreh, somewhere is actually 60-70$. But still worth any penny :3"
76561198098454558,Recommended,287700,33112042,Posted: 1 July,all,Rogue,Best game of all time this is my opinion :)-RogueAgent
76561198068045345,Recommended,287700,17827425,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,DaemonX22,"For MGS fans. Worth 60 hands down.For all others. If you like 3rd person games with a focus on gameplay revolving around accomplishing action oriented (stealth action for me) missions in a simple but fairly open world with collectibles to boost your stats in game changing ways and sometimes feel like a badass (or moron) while playing...its pretty solid. Story is on par with any other MGS game as far as I can tell and its pretty epic at first. The last MGS I played myself and didnt watch a friend play was MGS 1 and 3. I am excited to see what happens next. I have only played through the tutorial. Also for the PC master race types...MAX settings with a GTX 870M with 16gb ram...CPU i forget the specific, but its 2.8 speed I7. I am not using solid state. So far no serious lag except for one fire intensive scene in close quarters with a lot of light and shadow effects...understandable considering most PC ports mess things up the first time through. I think its worth the big bucks."
,Recommended,287700,26262391,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,|રaiden.,End of the Legend Story..
,Recommended,287700,17829240,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,[BoTM] Anorax,Absolutely incredible. This is no mere console port. It runs smoothly on my computer at the highest detail settings. It is one of the finest 1st/3rd person open world shooter/stealth games I have played on my computer to date. Beautifully directed and designed by a master craftsman of interactive entertainment. Is this a positive recommendation? Hell yes.
76561198011965365,Recommended,287700,17985317,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"I never played a metal gear solid game in my life and this one actually caught my eye. The game is simply amazing!ProsOpen worldDaily rewards when you log on the gameDrivejeeps.apcs/horsesAir support to back you up during missionsCall in your troops to help you out during missionsBuilding your baseSide missions (missions, saving animals, collecting dimmonds, etc)Upgrading weaponsCustomize your character, loadout, buddies, heli, and etc.Good music in game.Amazing graphicsAmazing cinematicsConsOnce you shoot a guard and he says 1 word and you kill him, everyone knows where your at.Bug* sometimes when your running your guy will get stuck moving in one direction"
,Recommended,287700,17986938,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,taurus,"Words cannot describe this game, A Hideo Kojima Game.Also yes there is cuted content, but still even if we were played like a damn fiddle about missing Chapter 3. I've put 100 hours in this game and i enjoyed hell of out it."
76561198056789326,Recommended,287700,24044147,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,roebn,"The best story i have ever seen in a game. When you discover the truth about the story it all snaps in to place its a 9,5/10 my fav game of all time!"
,Recommended,287700,17917127,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Commander Hairgel,one hell of a ride
,Recommended,287700,17919158,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Akiyama Kumiko,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17902193,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Lord Destructo,A Hideo Kojima Game.10/10.
,Recommended,287700,25091736,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"Someone should really downvote this game, but it can't be me as I played it over 100 hours.I will explain why later on, but offcourse I also had fun playing this game.And based on the gametime it was a good buy.The first mission is horrible it involves you first crawling for ages and ages, slowly building up to you being able to move on your feet after that you can't refund the game anymore basicly.And then I learn that the Silencer in the game isn't forever it will breaks after a certain ammount of shots how lame is that.The game has a supernatural touch to the game, you aren't very human and some of your enemy's aren't either. I find the graphics mediocre, the movie clips they play might look good, but the game itself could have looked better.Obviously I had fun playing the game, developing weapons and my base.But I also felt in the begin the game had to much stuff that made it complex, but when you play the game for a lil while you get used it and understand it.When playing missions it will cost you points to deploy, will cost you more points the more you use and you can have supply's and such dropped that also cost points and it sucks.You feel limited when playing the game, you don't want to run out of points so it's another bad move of the makers you feel limited in playing the game how nice is that.Motherbase is another example of making it more complex, it's a base in the Sea.You have staff their, it will expand and so will it's abblity's.Such as intel, taking care of injured and weapon development.But you most also get resources such as Fuel found in world and later also in FOB missions to expand and you will also need points to expand. When doing that it improves Mother Base functions and adds staff.You have 3 buddy's at somepoint D-Horse good for long journeys.D-Dog he can sniff out enemey's and spot them for you, he is very useful.And Quite she is the best if you ask me, she can also spot enemy's maybe a lil less efficient as D-Dog, but you can use her to Sniper either kill or tranq if you expand the options.Shamefully at a certain point you can't use her anymore it sucks.The missions and the storyline are alright not amazing, if you look at them blunt they are all pretty much the same, free this person, kill this person, steal that just like the side ops.But it's fun to play the missions.Ow 1 more thing, Kojima is so full of himself it's unbelievable.Before and After every mission you see that♥♥♥♥♥♥s name everytime.So atleast 100 times in the game, like he made the game himself it's the team that do's the real work.Like that they talk Afrikaans in the game, since I'm Dutch its fairly similair so I understand what they say it's pretty fun and the launguge sounds funny to me.So yeah cause of all the negative stuff it deserve's a downvote and cause Kojima is a narcercistBut I'll vote it up, because I had fun and allot of gametime."
,Recommended,287700,24608688,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,AlphaCLoud,Best game I've played since skyrim 10/10
,Recommended,287700,17849843,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,セイバー VS7,Peace Walker if it had been an HD game from the start. Such a thing can only go well.Kojima's Magnum Opus.Also yeah it runs amazing on PC.
,Recommended,287700,17877888,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Moof,you can make  your horse defecate at anytime
,Recommended,287700,17830299,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,B.,GOTY Confirmed.maybe
,Recommended,287700,17841021,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Pixelbuster,"Oh man I've never had this much fun with a game in a long time, So far I'm about 9 hours in and let me just tell you this game is worth every penny. The PC port itself is one of the best I've ever played as it's incredibly well optimized and has little to no frame drops. Now to the game itself with my In depth reviewAs the name suggests, Metal Gear Solid V: Phantom Pain is the 5th numbered installment in the Metal Gear Solid franchise and therefore, is steeped in lore from the series’ nearly 3 decades of existence. The game follows Big Boss, now called Venom Snake, in the 1980s as he seeks revenge on those that wronged him and rebuild what he has lost in the last decade. The undercurrent theme of Phantom Pain follows the darker tone set by Ground Zeroes and features overt emphasis on heavier themes than what has been tackled in the previous games. Unlike a single flowing narrative of the past Metal Gear games, the campaign missions in Phantom Pain are presented like an episodic TV series, complete with starting and ending credits.This change in the formula is not just limited to the game’s narrative but extends to how it is played as well. Phantom Pain’s gameplay is a mix of Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker, Ground Zeroes and classic Hitman games. The game’s structure is mission based progression; like Peace Walker, with Ground Zeroes’ control scheme and ability to plan out your mission and choose the weapons, strategy and route to take, ala the Hitman series. The thing that separates Phantom Pain from previous Metal Gear games is enormous size of its maps and the resulting non-linear gameplay it encourages. While the maps in Phantom Pain don’t come close to the levels of games like Skyrim or Just Cause 2, they are still quite impressive in their size and just like any Elder Scrolls game, Phantom Pain offers an intimidating amount of freedom, abilities and opportunities right off the bat.The overall look of the game is reminiscent of Red Dead Redemption with its depiction of sparsely populated open landscapes. While the Fox Engine works well portraying the massive fields, it stumbles in certain details like unimpressive hair and janky dynamically moving shadows of large structures. The music and sound design of Phantom Pain is nothing short of amazing. Phantom Pain not only features stellar voice acting but also its use of sounds and music beautifully contextualizes the gameplay experience and establishes the distinct 80’s vibe. The icing on the cake for me is the number of hours you can pour into this game which could be around almost a hundred and I'm not even past the 6th episode yet.I highly reccommend you get this game ASAP and show the true support of Kojima's last Metal Gear game ever!Oh by the way.... A Hideo Kojima Game."
76561198005576272,Recommended,287700,17859918,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Hauptmann Tacosibs,A Hideo Kojima game.
76561198101902543,Recommended,287700,19327136,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Shalashaska(BitSkins.com),Story line was confusing with Mgs serise but with this was like a twist so 10/10 m8 dont h8 PLZ CAN YOU PUT ALL THE MGS IN PC
,Recommended,287700,20425028,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,{ind}.DrNerdy,This is one of the best story based games ive ever played!
,Recommended,287700,20643106,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Josi💞,"the game is sectioned in 2 chapters. i mean the singleplayer btw. as you might know it is the last metal gear game, so that the story of the franchise is complete now. i ask the game 2 questions.-is the story good-is the gameplay goodgameplay playes nice and smooth 60 fps and the gamplay is dynamic the most time. its not as dynamic like a call of duty, but for a stealth game its very dynamic.CHAPTER ONE:nice playable not too bad but i hoped some more.some hard missionsw but its playable very good some missions u have to complete twice: i mean u complete mission 2 and mission 15 is just a copy of that.CHAPTER TWO:♥♥♥♥ u hideo kojima i will call ISIS to bomb u and ur facking chapter 2 its soooo bad plz suicide PLZ!!!!!!!!! i mean its just♥♥♥♥♥♥u cant play the game just wants u to rage and join the IS.REALLYits just about getting so angry, that you wish, to killl all the worldand go on RAMPAGE (i nearly did that because the chapter 2 sucks soooo many ♥♥♥♥♥)Multiplayer:boom boom boom boom headshotratatatatatatatatatatata kaBOOMpeng peng 47198KillstreakNice to play even its metal gear solid 5who wants a nice stealth game:..........go play chapter 1. when u got it, reset and play againim not accountable for RAMPAGESThx and now have fun"
76561198016862920,Recommended,287700,32031985,Posted: 28 May,all,knf570,great game but it's missing an ending. also the counter is way off on the time i played. i played about 70 hrs.
,Recommended,287700,23225096,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,qtk,"this game is pretty good, it kept me waiting."
,Not Recommended,287700,18593211,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Grampa Black Bottom👌🐋,Raving Rooster was a good man.Rating it down because we lost him in action.If you see him please reach the Rooster Saving Hotline at +1(772) 766-5527This game has such a lust for awards
76561198047269124,Recommended,287700,18367626,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Cuppiocaek,I've never played MGS before.30 Minutes in and I have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea what is going on.But after 30 hours I can definitely say that this game is a must buy for anyone who loves stealth-action games.Snake? SNAKE? SNAAAAKKKEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,287700,17842432,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,error17,A Hideo Kojima Game. A Hideo FOV.
,Not Recommended,287700,18150592,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Hurp,"This game is a bit of a mess. An incomplete story which moves slow as hell at the start but then shoves some incoherent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at you towards the end. People claim that Act 1 was good but it honestly just seems that way due to how hilariously bad Act 2 is, Act 1 suffers from amazing pacing problems as well and ends really abruptly.The open world thing is really mismanaged as well, it basically means that there are dozens of mostly identical outposts that you can run between with nothing of note in the glorified corridors between them. I miss the carefully crafted environments from earlier MGS games. The open world only adds padding since it takes so damn long to go anywhere and it takes ages for your the quick travel helicopter to actually move somewhere.All the missions ends up blending together after a while, take out X, exfiltrate Y. After a few hours you've done pretty much every thing that you will do in the game. Tons of padding missions where you are going after some generic dude that maybe kinda sorta is connected to the main plot. The boss fights are extremely uninspired or not there at all (  the earlier games had amazing last fights but here you get to fighta generic tank squad? Really?).Harry Gregson-Williams isn't doing the music (only gets a producer credit) in this game and it's unfortunately really obvious, the soundtrack is servicable and all but it's just so damn bland which definitely isn't something you could say about the soundtrack in earlier games.The actual stealth gameplay is pretty decent but I really don't get how this got 10/10 from so many reviewers. I have zero urge to replay this game after finishing unlike every other main Metal Gear game which I felt that I wanted to play again the moment I finished it.Then you get into how Kojima and Konami promised that this would cover the gap between the Big Boss games and the Solid Snake ones, but we do not get that at all except for a minute-long epilogue. And why is Ocelot such a boring character who only exists to exposition dump when he has so much personality in all the other games he's in, both before and after this one?Man, I just wanted another Snake Eater :("
,Not Recommended,287700,18150710,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,the boss baby,Buyers Remorse: The Game
,Recommended,287700,17916876,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,#Smoke,A Hideo Kojima game.
76561198314193994,Not Recommended,287700,24381570,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,orson.budd,"I HAVE PLAYED ALL MGS TITLES. This one:1. TWO maps. Afghan rocks and African mud. Both levels boring, empty and lifeless.2. Repetitive missions. 95% of them are exactly the same. Extract soldier/prisoner/goat, destroy tanks, steal supplies, kill a guy.3. An UNFINISHED story. Last chapter unplayable and available as a VIDEO made of concept art and some footage (that is if you bought a special edition).4. Microtransactions on a 60$ title.5. Unnecessary and unskippable helicopter rides in and out of missions (about two minutes every time. For 50 missons and over 150 side ops).6. Side ops. Extract someone or kill someone. That's it. Over 150 times.7. For some reason, near the end of the game, you are forced to replay several missions on higher difficulty in order to play the last one. This makes absolutely no sense and breaks an already weak story completely.8. Credits at the beginning and at the end of EVERY SINGLE MISSION. [extract random solider/goat-made by Hideo Kojima]9. Mother base structures are bizarre, architecturally make zero sense, all the doors are locked and nothing happens there.10. You extract Russian and African soldiers, ENEMIES, from the field, come back to mother base so you can be greeted by those same people who now speak fluent English and are ready to fight for you.I have been playing video games for 20 years and for the life of me I don't understand how this has the same rating as Witcher 3. It's beyond me. The most disappointing game I have ever played.I got this on sale for 20 bucks. Good thing I didn't have the money when it came out."
,Recommended,287700,17958850,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,SciLog1c,"Lots of positive things that will keep you playing over and over and over again, so many ways to complete objectives, this game is just ""wow"". Engine is nearly perfect, good picture and stable 60frames 98% time.The only obv minus for this one is grinding and online microtransactions, may be boring for some.Even if its not that deep, as other MGS series games, uncle Hideo knows how to make things work right.Worth every cent I spent on it."
,Recommended,287700,17932241,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Torment,"Spoiler freeI'm going to be clear and honest in this review and I will not spoil anything about the story,This title brings a really cool experience. You have powerfull cutscenes(like flying wale on fire) from the beginning of the game that might leave you with many questions... and by leaving I mean unanswered untill you progress far into the story, or maybe never(some of them).This is my opinion.OptimizationI have never encoutered 'game braking' bugs, lags, etc. The game functions smoothly.GameplayThe gameplay is well done you will even feel immersed in the missions sometimes.Your intelligence mightl be tested in some scenarios. If you are the kind of player that wants to go with the classic stealth approach you will have to put all your attention into what you are doing, the loadout you are using, and learn the mission to understand how to do it the fastest way and get an S rank. The combat will also feel fun in any other approach you feel like using but you wont feel a full experience unless you try them all or at least go for the stealth one, you will sometimes feel forced to sneak around.StoryThe story has lots of holes, and is not finished. What is told at the end of the game is more interesting than what is presented when play through it and answers more questions that haunt the series. You may enjoy it, but if you are a fan of Metal Gear you will be infuriated by its flaws.VisualsThe game looks good. I felt immersed by the way the world was build from an open world perspective. The weather mechanics are a welll presented game mechanic, but sometimes it feels more forced. The animations are very well done, you feel like a super soldier and I think thats what Kojima wanted.SoundsWeapons, footsteps, bumping into objects, weather, voice acting, the sound of clothing against the ground while snake slides against it... the sound effects are top quality, but there is room for improvement. The composed music is touching and inspiring but I feel like it could have been used in better ways or perhaps more often. The classic cassettes are a cool touch.Even with all the flaws I recommend playing this game if you enjoy stealth or have a history with MGS titles."
,Recommended,287700,17929579,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Crimson,"*Sigh* i loved every part of this game except the ending parts of chapter 2, the twist left a bad taste in my mouth, & something (or a lot of things) feel missing, oh well, it was fun while it lasted."
,Recommended,287700,17830891,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Roger_Smith,Played for a few hours and I can surely say that the team respinsible for PC version consists of mages and wizards. Because it runs smothly on my extremely weak PC that cannot run even 3-4 year old games properly. And you know what? It looks better than the PS3 version with all settings set to minimal. I cannot fully convey how happy I am to play this game while away from my consoles and very thankful to the developers team.As for the game itself. Well... A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME.
,Recommended,287700,21573225,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Kazukazee,"WOW !!...Amazing.Kojima did a great job with the story(no one will ever understand me, except for who played the game, to the end)For sure this is the best experience i've ever had in any gameAMAZING GAME..""The man who sold the world"" :)"
,Not Recommended,287700,18268178,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,calorus,I wasn't aware I was buying two thirds of a game
76561198126969804,Recommended,287700,17849306,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,✪ V.I.P,Game of the year <3
,Recommended,287700,17959968,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,23154615,Game of The Year 2015 :).
,Not Recommended,287700,18309466,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Restredainted,2/10 Unfinished game is unfinished.
76561198048063939,Not Recommended,287700,18350862,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Nuclear Sponge,"The story is bad, gameplay is repetitive. MGO comes out in JANUARY, and FOB mode is terrible with hackers. I don't even know why I played this so much, it wasn't even fun lol."
,Recommended,287700,18147637,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Bordje |-/,"TLDR VERDICTRegardless of if you think (story-wise) this game a travesty to the MGS saga, you loved it and think it’s a fitting swansong or you just don’t care, I think most of you will find that as an open-ended stealth action game MGSV is a resounding success. I also think it’s an incredible value for money, and will provide with loads of play time even if you opt out of the optional content. A must buy at full price if your convinced you’ll like it, or on sale if you’re on the fence.FULL REVIEW BELOW""Let the legend come back to life"" – Revolver OcelotFollowing the destruction of his mercenary nation and succumbing to numerous severe injuries, the legendary soldier Big Boss awakens from a 9 year coma in 1984, determined to rebuild what was lost and take his revenge.This review is written from the perspective of a fan of all previous Metal Gear games, and a fan of story-driven and stealth action games in general.GAMEPLAY AND DESIGNFrom a purely mechanical and design perspective I hope MGSV will set the standard for all stealth action games to come. The game takes place in an open world Afghanistan (and later Africa), a big deviation from previous titles, dotted with small guard outposts and large strongholds. The outposts themselves are insignificant, only housing a handful of guards, but the strongholds are where the environments really shine. They all have unique layouts and infiltration routes that are down to you discover and plan around. You are supposed to approach the outposts by finding a vantage point, using binoculars to spot the enemies and then making a plan from there. It sounds like FarCry, but don’t be fooled, it manages to out-FarCry FarCry.There is no radar, another first for the series, but once an enemy is marked they are marked forever. This allows you track them, but requires you to do so by paying attention to your surroundings and accounting for every enemy’s position before you make your move. Enemies can be subdued in a variety of ways, both lethal and non-lethal. As your private army’s R+D department gets bigger, so does your arsenal, which allows for more and more approaches and options. In addition to R+D for new equipment, your new private army, the Diamond Dogs, can help you in a number of ways in the field. Some examples are the Support team dropping supplies in, or the Intel team spotting enemies and resources ahead of you. The bulk of your forces will come from extracting enemies in the field via giant balloon (don’t ask) and recruiting them into your army back at your base in the Seychelles. How involved you want to get into the micromanagement metagame of your army is up to you.The adaptability of the enemy AI is what elevates MGSV as stealth experience. The game picks up on the tactics you use the most and tries to put a stop to them to force you to switch things up. Keep headshotting isolated enemies from a distance? Now they patrol closer together, and wear bulletproof helmets. Like using smoke grenades? Well now they spread out, like wearing gas masks. Like sneaking around at night? You won’t when they equip night vision goggles and flashlights. You can mitigate this slightly with the help of your private army, but ultimately it’s down to you to approach things differently. MGSV is a game built on adaptation, patience and improvisation. The game works just as well as a shooter as well as a stealth game, so getting spotted isn’t the end of the world. In fact, in my entire 70-something hour playthrough I never once got a “game over” (except death).STORY AND NARRATIVE (NO SPOILERS)This is the point of contention for most of this games audience. I will preface this section by answering the eternal question “do I need to play the others to get what’s going on in this one?” First of all, no one can truly say that they get what’s going on in any MGS games, probably not even Kojima himself. That said if there was ever a MGS game that was for “everyone” this is it. It’s the least cutscene heavy in the series and they are entirely skippable. Even so, I would recommend that everyone watches the cutscenes at least once, as they are beautifully directed and voice acted. The games story is self-contained enough for most people just jumping in to get a grasp of what is happening. It may be worth playing the prologue game Ground Zeroes if you’ve got it first since it’s available on PC also.For the long time MGS fans, I would try and set aside what you have been told and build your own impressions based on your first-hand experience. I know you miss the absurdly long codec conversations with Para-Medic about movies, but this game has a completely different tone than previous ones. It tells a more brutal story about revenge, fallen heroes and the psychological effects of war and conflict. The overt goofiness of Snake telling Sigint how great it is inside the box just wouldn’t have a place in a story like this. Cassette tapes provide sufficient (for me at least) long-winded exposition to story details and there are even a few humorous ones thrown in there. The first half of the game is structured and paced very well, but (as you’ve no doubt heard) the ending portion does feel rushed like the game was ushered out the door halfway through it. I, as a pretty big MGS fan, found the ending great, but others do not and I understand why. That is why I ask you to make your own judgement.Along with changes to tone, we get changes to voice actors. Kiefer Sutherland replaces the long-running and iconic David Hayter in the lead role of Venom Snake a.k.a. Big Boss. He does a really good job at portraying an older, tired and generally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off Big Boss, but unfortunately this is only on the few opportunities he gets given to do so. He remains eerily silent for uncomfortably large portions of the game which makes a degree of sense with context, but still feels a bit weak. Most of the talking is done by the legendary Troy Baker as Ocelot, with his voice sounding perfect for the gap between MGS3 and MGS1. The moments when he and Robin Atkin Downes as Kaz Miller face off as essentially the left and right hands of Big Boss are really engaging.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCEMany people were sceptical that Kojima Productions were capable of delivering a stable PC port given that the majority of the series has been exclusive to consoles. The mastermind behind the series, Hideo Kojima is anything but a lazy developer and the same applies to his talented team. The new Fox engine looks incredible and scales incredibly well. I was able to put every setting on Extra High with a i5 4670k and GTX 970 and keep a solid 60 and I’ve heard people have been able to run it at 720p 30fps on low settings with Intel Integrated Graphics. Pretty much every PC falls somewhere within that range so chances are, you can run this game.Visually, the game is incredible. The lighting and shadows are clearly defined and look great, which is very important for stealth games. The game also takes advantage of visual effects and ties them into gameplay, such as excessive lens flare if a spotlight is looking directly at you, though the effect does get a bit Abrams-y in cutscenes. All the terrain from the rocky cliffs in Afghanistan to the dense jungles in Africa is very detailed and you can easily tell where you are supposed to be for the best camouflage. Character models look very convincing, even on the random guards. This was especially jarring when I headshotted a guy, covering his face and shoulders in an explosion of blood before going to move his body and getting the blood all over me."
,Recommended,287700,18222879,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Soviet Dog,It's pretty good..9.5/10
76561198039494030,Not Recommended,287700,18360199,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Fire.al,"The Panthom Pain is truly an apt title.MGSV: The Pathom Pain feature a great engine (extremely well optimised even on day 1) and by far the best infiltration mechanincs of the series, it let your approach your objectives in a lot of different ways and that's surely great. The ""buddies"", the ability to call different kind of supports and in particular the possibility to customize your weapons are also interesting additions.Then why the nagative review? Because the title is exetremely apt, you can truly feel the pain for all the cut content that's not there.Chapter 2 mission are for the most part a repetition of chapter 1 ones, the story feels like a rushed unfinished mess, with so many plot holes that after a while you simply stop caring, (that's especially disappointing considering it deal with extremely interesting themes). Also the story related mission, are just a tiny minority among all the filler content.Thing are even worst when it comes to the characters, any kind of character progression is missing, Big Boss almost never speak during the whole game and Quiet is the most senseless character i've seen in while, everything about the analphabet sniper character and story literally doesnt make any sense."
,Not Recommended,287700,18337115,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Datguyjr,"Cut content, A LOT of things can not be unlocked, 1st chapter was amazing, 2nd not so much. Instead of releasing a full length game for the fans, Konami released this rushed half game cut. Screw the fans, as long as they make money =/"
76561198043407690,Recommended,287700,18537052,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,dirtycheesedip,"This game is a fantastic one even though it does fall short in several areas. As a long time metal gear fan I have played all of the other games, and this one is definitely among the best game-play wise.The GoodFirst and foremost this game'sgame-playis stellar with many new elements and gadgets I wish were in all other metal gear games. The levels are well designed and can be approached many different ways, the buddy system is great and adds a lot of depth to game-play, and there's enough little secrets to keep you busy for hours.Mother base is arguably one of the best parts of this game, and works great in unison with the rest of it, This includes the Fulton recovery system from peace walker, which is a great way to dispose of bodies, and also receive crew for mother base. The way you can research, and develop new weapons, and other gear for snake back at mother base also makes a return and is better than ever with all new gadgets to tackle the battlefield with.The enemies even change their strategies to fit the way you play to make the game more challenging. Everything just seems to fit very nicely together. This game is also very well optimized.TheFOBsare a great part of this game, and the way you can develop nukes, and invade other people's bases while defending your own is great. But I do feel this part of the game could have been improved a bit. For example I think it would have been better if you were able to place your defenses where you wanted them and not in a set place, or maybe just a little more customization could be included, but all in all this is a great edition to a great game.Another thing this game pins in the game-play section is the feel of a metal gear game. The metal gear game feel is present in the game-play here on the same level as metal gear solid 3, and that's a big statement. The boxes, the humor, the funny weapons, it's all there.Could be betterBut now we move on the to the mediocre things about this game.The story.This game's story is no where near on par to the other metal gear games. It's not terrible, it has its good and bad parts, but if you are a returning metal gear fan looking for closure this is not the place for you. This game's story is a heap of untapped potential just waiting to be released. Don't take that the wrong way though. This game's story has introduced some very substantial characters, and plot points that I absolutely love, but in my opinion it's just missing the metal gear feel that I love so much in some parts of the story, one part of the story that does fit the bill of the metal gear series however, is the Kojima sized plot twist at the end.The way it was advertised.While I know this may be a stretch, I feel as if i need to mention this in my review.In my opinion this game was falsely advertised to a certain extent, Konami makes it seem like this game is the one to rule them all, with a story about revenge, taking on hard subjects with lots of taboo and serious tones, not to mention how Big Boss came to be the villain we all know from mg1 and mg2. While it does elaborate on those games a good lot, it doesn't deliver on what I expected to get from the trailers story wise and it doesn't complete the metal gear timeline like we all hoped it would.The open worldWhile the open world is a very welcome idea to a series like this, and works well to a certain extent here, I feel it could have been done a lot better, once again a lot of untapped potential. The reason I say this is while the game does have a lot of area to explore with Afghanistan and Africa, It falls short on making the world feel alive. There are plenty of animals and enemies but there are no civilians, and this makes these countries feel purely militaristic. That isn't a bad thing per se, but it makes the world seem kind of dead and underwhelming in some areas. For example if you play an open world game like red dead redemption or fallout 3 etc. you always find some kind of civilians that you can interact with, and there are random events and stories to uncover, and it ends up making the world feel a lot more alive. That unfortunately isn't present here.The BadI don't really have a lot of things that I think are purely bad about this game but there are a few things I would like to touch upon.Konami's treatment of PC playersA lot of us MGS players were a bit skeptical when Konami first announced that metal gear was coming out on PC as well as consoles, but luckily for all of us they released a well optimized game. But there is a catch. Prioritizing console players over PC players. It is very apparent that Konami doesn't really care about PC gamers, or at least not as much as console players. For example PC players not being able to support, selected friend's FOBs, PC getting MGO 3 months later, Konami doing nothing to stop hacking on FOBs, and so on. If Konami worked on this, it would make the game feel better as a whole.Konami also added several unnecessary micro-transactions to this game but i'm not going to touch on them much since they weren't a big problem for me, but be wary of them before buying.In ConclusionTo sum it all upthis game is absolutely worth your time and money, even though from a long time fans perspective, the story could use some work. In my opinion this game is definitely one of the best stealth action games to date and has truly astounding game-play. While it does have some bad parts, the good far out weighs the bad. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves metal gear or stealth. Thanks for reading. I hope you all enjoy this game as much as I did."
,Recommended,287700,22807532,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,White Mamba,"""FIRE ON THE OCEANREPRISAL IN MOTIONFrom the Quiet AwakeTHE SINS OF THE FATHERARE HITTING ME HARDEREvery Strike i Take"""
76561198022910798,Not Recommended,287700,19394688,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Rhaenar,Where is the plot Mr. Kojima?
,Recommended,287700,19471748,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Oreo,‏@HIDEO_KOJIMA_ENThank you very much.5:59 AM - 4 Dec 2015
76561198027719416,Recommended,287700,19325411,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Gorilla Guacamole,"It's like they started building a great monument, like the Taj Mahal or the Great Pyramids and then just sort of stopped, and left it unfinished. What is left is still an absolute marvel, but one can't help but feel disappointed when looking at the empty space where a complete monument should be.Metal Gear Solid V (it should probably be pronounced 'vee') is both a massive success and an enormous catastrophe. The gameplay is simply sublime (as long as you turn off reflex and auto-aim and never use the chicken hat, you scrubs). It's everything you ever would have wanted a Metal Gear game to be since the first game in the series was released in 1987. When infiltrating a base (pretty much the only thing you really do in this game) everything must be considered, from the lighting, gear, to the camo you're wearing, the whether, everything. The lighting and shadowing in this game looks amazing, and the shadows in particular make for a fun mechanic, as the generated shodows act as cover for the player to sneak through unnoticed. The game is completely immersive when performing missions and I had many moments that felt completely real. Most of the weapons in the game feel tight and well balanced, however the combat is completely ridiculous. The use of stealth can be quickly made redundant by simply running at an enemy and holding the action button, which at first is quite fun as you clothsline and dive at enemies; but after it gets old, the over powered combat is a major game breaker, and could have had a lot more thought put into it.There is no ending to this game. It wasn't finished. There is a huge portion of the game missing and no plans to work on it. The story is terrible, and most of it takes place in cutscenes situated at Mother Base where characters argue and fight, eventually to be broken up by snake. The mojority of the games cutscenes feel unfinished and unpolished, and some are so awkward they even belong in a cringe video, for instance the truck scene with Snake and Skull. I could even swear that many of the significant events that take place (of which there aren't many) are had in locations and between characters that weren't originally intended to be used, and that there was not enough time to create the context that the events were supposed to occur in, leaving even some of the more polished cutscenes feeling awkward. This is bad on top of the fact that the story and premise is just a repeat of MGS:PW. it's not unusual for Hideo and team to repeat set pieces as an inside joke, but in this case it really just leaves me feeling like I'm playing the same game again. I would have liked a new experience. From this it can be seen the as much as Konami have been a hinderence to this game, Hideo and team have clearly made some terrible decisions from the word go. (Spoilers) Making you play as NOT Big Boss at NOT Mother Base along aside characters who resemble, but are NOT future members of Foxhound and making it blatently obvious from the first half hour of the game that this is how things are going to be is DEFINITELY one of them. This extreme subversion of expectations could have been haunting and surreal had it taken place within a finished story, with proper character development and pacing, and there are moments where it is evident that they were trying to achieve just that, but in the context of unfinished game it just makes for an even more embarrassing failure.Don't expect a good Metal Gear game, and get it when it's cheap, and you'll have a good time.The content I've lost... the hours I've lost... won't stop hurting... It's like they're all still there. You feel it, too, don't you? I'm gonna make them give back our game!"
,Recommended,287700,20685890,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Wolfanov,"best MGS ever, beautiful graphics, amazing soundtrack and a awesome storyPS: coming close to an enemy guard post, enemy soldier spot you, he run shooting at you, quiet blows up his head in front of you, another beautiful day in AfghanistanTHANKS KOJIMA, FOR EVER"
,Recommended,287700,20674544,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mega,"This game is...pretty good.The gameplay is excelent, story is good but feels unfinished, the soundtrack is fantastic and Metal Gear Online is really fun.This is a game worth your money. Personally my favorite of 2015."
,Recommended,287700,18254765,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,-ßЯҢ- Eric_The_Red ∞ == ∞,Instructions unclear. Used rocket fist and punched self in the face.
,Recommended,287700,17836070,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Fulltimespy,"This game is so amazing, I played 11 hours straight.Tried to stand up, and my legs went all floppy.So didn't stand up and continued playing.This game is amazing, no other game had me this hooked.Not even gta V."
,Recommended,287700,24058328,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Rightfulnoah,I put 23 hours on in 3 days.Its real good.FOB missions are OP too.
,Recommended,287700,22610610,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Mashiro,FOB is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ other than that i guess its ok
,Not Recommended,287700,18292962,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,goishen,"Well...   Let's start.  Japan has a tradition of making games that are absolutely gorgeous.   This game is no exception.  The trouble is, they make them for the console.You will have to use the arrow keys to move between things on the first screen in thegame, as the mouse (besides left clicking, which only selects what you have highlighted) does nothing.  This is not where the fun ends, however.  After you have gone through the 1.5 hour intro mission, which is fun, then you'll be dropped into the game.  Why do I mention the time?  Well, because look at Steam's refund policy.  Two hours or less.  So, that leaves you with thirty minutes to decide if this game is a totally consolized piecew of garbage.It is.  Once you hit the main game, you'll be hitting 1 and 3 (because there are no other options) to switch between menus.  And this is of course between you hitting the arrow keys for hitting the menu options.Sounds great, right?No, wait, it gets better.   Suppose you're on your stomach and facing one way, but you wanna go the other.  This means that you can either back up (at about half of the speed you do when you're going forward) or do some some of weird jig (all while on the ground) trying to get turned around.  Because hitting the W and S keys won't automatically turn you around.  So, you've gotta hit S and then A until you've turned around enough, and then finally W.No, but wait.  It gets even better.  BUT HOW?  I'm glad you asked.Ever play Mass Effect 1?  Ya know the Mako?   Well, the horse in this game makes the Mako look like it can turn on a dime and perform aerial acrobatics with the precision of a Cirque De Solei on cocaine.  Two seconds after I've stopped pressing ANYTHING --  And the horse is still moving.  This makes for interesting jumps.  Jumps off'a cliffs.  Jumps into enemy territory.  Hey, brother...   No matter what!  WE'LL JUMP YOU THERE!This is an absolute consolized piece of dogshit that should have never been released on the PC."
,Not Recommended,287700,18384181,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,AFK Hero,"I reached a tipping point with this game a few days ago. A tipping point where the quality of the stealth and crafting mechanics was overtaken by the complete GARBAGE of its plot, mission design, and character development.A lot of people will be fine with this game, and if it weren't a metal gear game I may be kinder to it than I am. Still, if you play a metal gear game and tell yourself you need to forget every event that occured in it in order to enjoy the other parts of the franchise, something has truly gone terribly wrong.I need to be fair in reiterating that the stealth, base building, weapon variety, buddy management and other core gameplay mechanics are NOT the problem. MGSV is oddly the worst Metal Gear with the best gameplay. It truly plays rather well and has a lot of interesting immersion concepts like getting a blood transfusion when you take too much damage or smelling badly if you dont shower.Too bad its also less logical than the most ludicrous of anime movies and at least as sexist/perverted. It doesn't even feel like a story.... and honestly has no business existing in terms of plot development. It actually makes the entire rest of the series feel dumber.Is this anything close to what we were supposed to receive before Kojima and Konami butted heads? I have no idea. What I do know is I will not be finishing this game. Life's too short to claw your eyes and ears out in your free time."
,Not Recommended,287700,18049842,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,kaz™,don't do it
76561197991533821,Not Recommended,287700,18361554,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Lokerian,"Metal Gear Solid 5 update adds ""FOB insurance"" paid for with real moneyI think i have said it all.If not...http://www.pcgamer.com/metal-gear-solid-5-update-adds-fob-insurance-paid-for-with-real-money/?ns_campaign=article-feed&amp;ns_mchannel=ref&amp;ns_source=steam&amp;ns_linkname=0&amp;ns_fee=0"
,Not Recommended,287700,19714614,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Steel,"Game is amazing mostly at the beginning. There's not much to do when you've been playing it as long as I have and yes, the game is mostly filler. Konami seem to favour consoles over PC for many reasons, even their app does not work for steam. FOBs get boring fast and there's plenty hackers that will ruin your♥♥♥♥♥♥ As the game is in it's current state it's a nice experience and all but this is a negative review because Konami do nothing about hackers. I have sent several reports to them and I even have repeat offenders (hackers) in my FOBs after months I still see them still able to play the game, I hope that they send out a ban wave before MGO goes live and they all get banned. That would be amazing. I don't care about modders who change their game and have little to no effect on other players, but those who teleport from beginning to end of my base after I deploy to defend my FOB are pathetic, I do not lose defenses unless it's to a hacker and it's damned annoying.Konami is using MGS V to be as money hungry as possible. There is DLC outfits from previous games that are very iconic that you must purchase for real money. (80p each)FOB insurance to make sure your virtual resources are not stolen. Monthly subscription...And MGO will have microtransactions for the oufits (some outfits are unobtainable unless you purchasee with MB coins which are purchased with real money).Love the game, hate that MGO is delayed, it doesn't take 3+ months to make an anticheat and konami is too money hungry. Enjoy your negative review"
,Recommended,287700,17837783,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,shimion,better than the phantom menace
,Recommended,287700,22743922,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Allen D. Groove,"I guess people don't understand that Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is not the best Metal Gear in the franchise, but it's definitely an awesome game!Too bad it lacked content, story, dialogues, cutscenes, and a rushed ending, but on the other hand the gameplay was exceptional.10/10 A Hideo Kojima Game."
,Recommended,287700,18181272,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,HUGE GUTS!,Gameplay 10/10Chapter 1 9/10Chapter 2 3/10 literally unfinished.
,Recommended,287700,17846634,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Felicity♡,It has Pashto in it. 10/10.د ترټولو ښه لوبی ده
,Recommended,287700,18052693,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,jungle.james,"This game left me with a Phantom Pain in that it was one of the best games I have ever played without an ending.I won't scatter your sorrow to the heartless sea, I will always be with you, Kojima-san."
76561198064892775,Recommended,287700,17842329,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ThePsychoBunny,Great game!!! Great Graphics!!!  Great Hideo Kojima Game. Not Konami...
,Not Recommended,287700,18082542,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Tobogon Zero,Forced Multiplayer to finish Singleplayer gameNo anti-cheat for multiplayerNo amount of positives can overcome this
,Not Recommended,287700,18022004,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Wolf - << Rawr !,"Okay my first review was kind of made by an ""easy to satisfy"" fan hahaha so okay here i go first of all there will be SPOILERS around, okay the game is actually great but as a fan of the saga im not very satisfied at all with the story they just make you play the game making you think that you re Snake/Big Boss and then you watch the TRUE ENDING and found that you ve never been Snake/Big Boss implying that Big Boss never took revenge against Cipher okay many idiots around would say ""Oh its okay Kojima did a great thing he just passed the title of big boss to the player"" what the F... m9 ? Can't you see that you re playing a BIG LIE?????? Oh of course not cause those ""easy to satisfy"" players are new to the saga or they are just reviewers looking for fame, Seriously that wasnt nice at all, i still have unanswered questions like WHERE IS SAHELANTHROPUS AND ELI ???????? WHY DID CODE TALKER TOLD ME TO BE CAREFUL WITH MILLER !?!?!?!?!?!?? At this point you realize THE GAME IS NOT FINISHED AND THEN YOU REMEMBER THAT KOJIMA LEFT KONAMI, AND THEN YOU REMEMBER THAT THIS IS FAULT OF KONAMI AND THEN YOU SAY ""F YOU KONAMI"" hahahaha...Oh and also the FOB sucks so much, its just not nice at all its just 1v1 and its really AWKWARD and guess what you can get attacked when you re offline and theres nothing you can do about it, thats another less point for this game we will have to see whats going to happen to Metal Gear Online 3, i have a lot of memories from Metal Gear Online 2  and i must say that MGO 2 was the greatest online experience i ve ever had in my gaming life i hope that AT LEAST MGO could save this game cause theres no such Snake = Demon thingy at all, im very very disappointed at the story and sorry if i repeat that part...To close this review i ll just say that i still recommend this game even if my review is negative, why? Because theres no other game like this but as for the story ""Thanks Konami"" thats all, and im quite sure people loyal to the saga would agree with me, those who dont are clearly new to the saga or didnt pay attention to the details of the story."
,Not Recommended,287700,18387891,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,SkullFox,"Hi,This is a good game.Unfortunately they broken the game with:- FOBs infiltrations not being optional;- Replacing Hayter(no mather what the story says);- Wanting real money to ensure some of your stuff is not stolen when you are infiltrated (which should be a optional part of the game);- Firing Hideo halfway throught the game (why fire the best asset you have? Same as firing Steve Jobs in the middle of the ipod revolution).Game has nice mechanics and is fun, unfortunately I cannot recommend it until FOB infiltrations are made optional. I can give an good option to Konami, make FOB infiltrations optional for all of the FOBs except one and make it available when player buy the second FOB. Make it so that you can choose what FOB is on for Infiltrations.Very sad that the multiplayer part if ignored can ruin your single player campaign..."
,Not Recommended,287700,18438680,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,CUCKHOLD KID,Not a real metal gear.
,Not Recommended,287700,19227078,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Warren Spooksman,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. Unfortunately, Konami made better trailers than video games. I had my fun with it, but overall this is a giant unfinished mess that only serves to complicate the MGS story more than complete it, and is no more than a vessel for Konami to take more of your money (yes master, I'll gladly buy a 2nd fob so I can develop these lethal weapons I'm never going to use...not)."
,Recommended,287700,17860386,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mon Zombo,"A Hideo Kojima Game? No.The Hideo Kojima Game.Edit:The content I lost, it won't stop hurting. You feel it too, don't you?Still a great game though."
76561198052231620,Recommended,287700,18953767,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Antaury P.,Not for any nationNot for any ideologyNot for JusticeNot for HonorNot for PowerNot for the futureNot for LoveNot for PeaceOnly for Revenge!
,Not Recommended,287700,18018635,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dakeyraz,"Short Review :Story : Really terrible. Even worse if you haven't played other MG games. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ennemies and plans, random WTF supernatural : Garbage.Gameplay : Pretty fun at first, not quite a fan of the limited time KO's on ennemies, etc, so i went for stealthy lethal. Considering 90% of the weapons you can get/research are lethal, didn't think too much of it. Then, i found out about the ridiculous 'demon points'. So now, in addition to having an ugly as f*** character cause the 'shrapnel' grows in your stupid head, now i'm always covered in poorly rendered blood. ""Hurray"".It also gets very repetitive, albeit fun, even if ennemies are stupid.Multiplayer : Just skip this terrible feature entirely. Invasion/defense system for your base. Not fun AND you can lose most of your stuff while offline. It doesn't bring ANYTHING to the game, it just serves to take away. Just play offline forever.Graphics : They are good but not great, especially considering the world is really not very open. (Empty map with  only roads to follow, or small map with nothing in it depending on the 2 areas)Sound : Audio is nice, but dialogues and voiceovers are very cliche.Overall, the game could have been a fun game with a terrible story, but too many repetitions, lack of diversity in the maps, lack of actual content makes it not worth 60€.Grab it on sale at 50% or less.UPDATE : Stay away from that game while price >10$. Things just keep getting worse over time."
,Not Recommended,287700,18039892,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,medhathobo,"This game is INSANELY fun. But I can't recommend it for the single fact that it isn't done.Bits of ""Chapter 3: Peace"" are left in the games files, meaning a MASSIVE bit of the game was cut.  One chapter took me 20-30 hours to complete, though I did screw around a bit, the fastest i have heard anyone claim is a little over 10 hours. A key mission which would have made the ending better ""Mission 51: Kingdom of the Flies"" was cut from the game. After you beat the game with the Truth ending, look it up on youtube.Basically, don't buy it full price because it is not worth it, don't buy it if you are looking for a good ending to the Metal Gear series, don't buy it if you are looking for a good story, don't buy it if you are looking for something as hard as previous Metal Gear Solid games. This one is the easiest aside from peacewalker, but wow it is so damn fun.Buy this if you love fun. Buy this if you enjoy free roam games, this is probably one of the best you will ever play, and I know I will be coming back to play this whenever I want to play a good free roam game."
76561198032670865,Not Recommended,287700,18016890,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Sauer the Kraut,"Sure the gameplay is fun and there's a lot of content to do. But the entire story, especially the ending, ♥♥♥♥♥ on the entire MGS franchise.This is worse than the ending of ME3 and the nanomachine ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tery of MGS4 combined."
,Not Recommended,287700,18031221,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Fetty Waps Eye,"Game was great start , but fell short in the end with a stupid story and missions not appearing allowing me to progress further ,And yes i did all side ops and extra missions but still didnt appear .Waste of time and effort."
,Recommended,287700,19282359,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Udkedae,"THE PHANTOM PAIN: An objective review""Life's end... Isn't it beautiful? It's almost tragic. When life ends, it gives off a final lingering aroma. Light is but a farewell gift from the darkness to those on their way to die. I've been waiting, Snake, for a long time. Waiting for your birth, your growth, and the finality of today.""- The Boss, 1964.Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Painis the last entry in the Metal Gear Solid series by the hand of Hideo Kojima. A game that stays true to most of its advertising premise, but it's underdeveloped in some other aspects.Let's address the elephant in the room.Coming to this game without previous knowledge about its lore and its characters will be of some detriment to any newcomer's experience.It's a numbered entry on a story and lore heavy franchise,don't expect to understand it right away unless you've read a lot of wikis, or at least played most of the other MGS games.That said, longtime fans may also feel off balance with this game due to the big change in the classic MGS formula.This lengthy review will split in three parts highlighted in blue: What'sgood about the game, what'scontroversial about the game, and atoo long; didn't readsection at the end of it.The good points:The game is a technical marvel thanks to the use of the FOX engine. It's among the best optimized PC games of recent times, running perfectly on machines that can't display titles like The Witcher 3. The attention to detail is amazing, encouraging any player to make use of its dynamic weather system and day and night cycles.The AI in this game is also worthy of commendation. The enemy will adapt to your playstyle and counter it with devices of their own. Land too many headshots, soldiers will wear helmets. Infiltrate at night often, soldiers will equip night vision goggles. At one point they become so reactive it only takes one little change to your loadout for them to develop a counter measure for your next strategy.This is where the game shines brighter.Since enemies adapt, you can try different approaches to the game with a wide array of tools, ranging from lethal and non-lethal weaponry, support from your base staff, and even a nifty buddy with its own gear and set of abilities.There's a lot of freedom given to you as the player in many aspects of the game. The game's world is a set of maps with Side Ops to tackle on a free roaming mode, and main missions take place inside sections of those maps, with boundaries in the area of operations for any given mission. Before going into the field via helicopter you'll see a loadout screen where you can manage your equipment and decide what to take into the field. With some progress into the game you can further modify every weapon in your arsenal, and even drop into the battlefield as one of the soldiers of your Mother Base.The controversial points:While the gameplay and most of the world the game's set in are at the top of their game, and probably the best in the series, the same can't be said about the story.This is where knowing where these characters come from mattersbecause this game doesn't do a lot to develop the personalities of its stablished protagonists.The plot is cohesive at the beginning if you've been following the story, but in the second half of the game it derails, showing a rushed side of its development most likely due to the events happening at Konami at the time. It still manages to wrap up the story with a few bumps along the road.For a series known for its flashy long cinematic cutscences full of memorable characters and feats, there aren't many in this game. Instead, most of the talking is done behind closed doors and handed to you in cassette tapes as the story progresses, which you can play and listen to at any point of your playtime.You are forced to make use of the FOB multiplayer component of the game if you're playing the game online. It comes with benefits like more platforms to increase the number of soldiers in your army, and more space for resources you find on the field. But having an FOB also means you're open to attacks from other players, and while you can get assistance from other players to defend it, at the moment of this review there's no way to add any of your friends in-game. This mode also makes use of micro transactions, which aren't necessary but can offer an edge on speed over regular users. There's also a small pool of cheaters in this area of the game. Final thoughts at the end of this review.TL;DR HEREThe GoodAmazingly optimized game, runs well on a wide array of set ups (within reasonable specs)Multiple objectives to take on a good variety of missions, encouraging different playstylesAdaptive AI enemies, responding to your strategies in equal measureLots of customization unlocked after some progress in the gameGreat gameplay mechanics born from the interaction of the player and the environmentThe ControversialMost of the story and character development is dealt through recorded cassette tapes instead of cutscenesStory derails a bit on the second half of the game, rushed development due to the Konami/Kojima conflicts?Forced use of the FOB defender vs attacker multiplayer component when playing online, with useful benefits but also harmful consequencesThe BadNo way to add your friends online to set up FOB defensesA pool of cheaters in the FOB multiplayerFinal thoughtsMetal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is a superb game and a gameplay masterpiece but it's far from perfect. It lacks some of the finer details of an open world game, but its solid gameplay makes it stand out as a stealth game and strategic shooter. The story starts strong and develops at a slower pace than its predecessors, and while the latter half of it almost doesn't fit at some points, it somehow manages to wrap things up in a convincing way.Story-wise, I wouldn't recommend this game for a newcomer unless they've at least played through Ground Zeroes, and even like that most of the lore would be lost in the translation from the old MGS to this new hybrid.As the game that ends the saga it's a good send off with lots of content to tinker around, but just like that it leaves a bittersweet taste on longtime fans for the concepts and content that didn't translate well into the final version of the game."
76561197969859546,Recommended,287700,34704182,Posted: 2 September,all,BOOMxCHIKN,"Its Metal Gear before nanomachines, son"
,Not Recommended,287700,21764300,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Shap7ShifTR,"Lots of glitches and controller problems. Game repeats itself; you play the missions you already have accomplished. Not recommended. And by the way, why Hideo Kojima put his name on every mission 's begining and ending. Is he a narcicist or what?"
76561198043810707,Not Recommended,287700,18359651,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,1337bignose,Someone stole my Phantom Pain.and give us the Microtransaction mobile/gacha speculation Version Patch.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=530906298
,Not Recommended,287700,18025008,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Sofa King,"This game will not give you the classic Metal Gear Solid experience, for better or worse. This game is more akin to an open world Ghost Recon with a MGS skin stretched over the top of it. As a huge MGS fan I could not reccomend this game to another MGS fan who is looking for the same cinematic experience. This game shows almost no resemblance in the least to the Metal Gear Solid franchise aside from characters and of course a Metal Gear.Mechanically this game is 10/10 GOTY every year forever but amazing mechanics are not why I play Metal Gear.Microtransactions, inevitable DLC and oh god what have they done to Ocelot, he was my favorite character in the entire series, now he's just a drone that spouts tutorial nonsense that you already know, ""Boss, see thing? If shoot thing, bad guys no longer have thing to use"".Don't get me wrong, it's an amazing game, it's just an awful Metal Gear.  Let's just say if I knew what I was buying, I wouldn't have paid for it."
,Not Recommended,287700,18354725,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,goldislead,Gameplay is outstanding.Story is unresolved and half-baked.Konami's business practices are unforgiveable.This is less a review of a game rather a condemnation of Konami's business practices and insistence on using thinly veiled blackmail into squeezing additional money from their already paid customers.F*cKonami
,Not Recommended,287700,18386620,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Kazuma,It's funny because I don't even have this game anymore.
,Recommended,287700,19274045,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Savage Walrus,"It's BOTH the best and the worst Metal Gear Solid game in my opinion. The game mechanices are the best MGS yet. The story is the worst Metal Gear Solid yet. You'll definitely really enjoy this if you're new to the series, as the gameplay is pretty much the best it's EVER been! It plays very well! AI is much smarter this time. It's very well optimized! There's so many different items and ways to play! It's a beautiful game, and a lot of fun! The story depth though? Returning players may find it quite lacking compared to the previous games. I'd say it's the worst MGS in that regard. There's a lot that's simply not even shown while you're playing and you have to play tape recordings to get an idea of stuff that's going on. The famously (or infamously depending on your tastes) long cut scenes are pretty much absent in this game by comparison. The characters and bosses (or lack there of) aren't nearly as interesting as they used to be. There's also very little replayability beyond grinding sadly, and seems a bit cut short compared to older MGS games.At the end of the day though, I'd still say it's damn fun even if the story and world of MGS isn't as interesting as previous games. I'd still say MGS 3: Snake Eater is my favorite of the series. Get the game whether you're new to MGS or a returning fan. Just maybe lower your expectations just a tad on the story if you are a returning MGS fan.Oh yeah, and the forced FOB thing is pretty annoying for those of us that just want a single player experience! Luckily, there are a few work arounds for that though."
,Not Recommended,287700,18039021,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Charlie Kelly,"The ending............ :|But I'm gonna be real here, this game is obviously incomplete, chapter 2 feels empty and has the same missions from chapter 1 but they make them into challenge missions.Character development feels rushed and forced.The ending also explains some things, and makes a lot more questions, it's absurd, and it's just silly.Gameplay is pretty good though"
,Not Recommended,287700,18113460,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,gaddarmice,"If I count that game as MGS than it will be one of the worst MGS title, if I'm not count it as MGS but just a stealth - open world game (which is really weak as open world) then it could be mediocre, at least it's an unfinished game. Non of reliable game journalist mention about it but there is 12 mission inside chapter two that duplicate mission from first chapter. 'HYPE' is sickness of game industry, like cancer."
,Recommended,287700,18119945,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Andrew 林,"Really enjoyed this game, even though it's different from older MGS games. Despite all the negative news surrounding the game's production, I'd still recommend this game highly to anyone who loves stealth games.Pros- Excellent stealth action gameplay.- You can choose to upgrade weapons that help you achieve more stealth/no kills, or upgrade others that will make you a highly dangerous killing machine.- Open world environment - I wish all future stealth action games would have this.- Quiet is one of the best female anti-hero characters in gaming.- Original story and plot device.Cons- Horrible pacing overall. Some missions feel entirely unnecessary.- Chapter 2 is pretty short compared to chapter 1, since the number of actual story missions is quite few. Many of the Chapter 2 missions are just hard versions of Chapter 1 missions."
76561197996507457,Not Recommended,287700,27058014,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DD,"Probably the most dissapointing game of 2015 for me.  The game was released unfinished.  If you decide to get the game, you'll find that many plot points simply reach a dead end.  The first few hours of the game were amazing.  I thought I was in for a ride.  Then the story stopped moving forward and the game became stale.  You end up doing similar missions over and over.  The ending felt rushed and it was.  I wished MGS got a proper last game instead of this.  Definitely not worth the full price I paid for on launch.  It is only worth buying on a steep sale."
,Not Recommended,287700,18099890,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,twitch.tv/Furry2,"Simply put, this game is unfinished. When I pay $60 for a game, I expect it to include the ending, and I shouldn't have to watch a half-finished version of the ending and final boss fight on youtube, courtesy of a collector's edition documentary video clip.A lot of the content is copy-pasted, literally. Missions have the same name and objective, with [EXTREME] slapped on. All of this game can be described as a very slick hostage rescue and assassination simulator, with short (unfinished and rushed) story about Big Boss thrown in."
,Recommended,287700,18167092,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Auburok,"Gameplay wise, this is my favorite game ever made. There is a level of freedom and player agency that isn't routine, even for modern games, and that's expanded quite a bit since thisMetal Gear Solidtitle is ""open world"". For the sake of brevity, I'll bulletpoint before I explain why I like this game.Great:Not very demanding, system wise, and looks great; amazing lighting and good animationsNice soundtrack and audioBullet physicsMultiple options for adapting to a situationFreedom for loud assaults or quiet infiltrations, both being viable and supportable with toolsFreedom to be letal or non-lethal, with various options in weaponry and gadgets for bothHuge tech tree and lots of customization options from guns to your helicopterSupport options via helicopter are fun and make gameplay more tacticalVarious vehiclesA couple of supporting characters, ""buddies"", can augment your play styleAI adapts to tactics used, attempts to call for support to flank you when found, etcStory starts out goodBase and army building mechanic is light but funNeutral:FOBs can be a source of frustration or terror if you don't know how they work or neglect securityLots of timers on upgrades and stuff (starts out reasonable, ends up being too long by end)Not a lot to do at mother base, but at the same time I'm not sure if I'd go there to do minigames or the likeVehicle handling isn't great without a controller, but not unplayable by any meansMicrotransactions for building additional FOBs (you don't need them), using MB coins that you can either buy or build up with daily login bonusesA lack of scripting when in free mode; not many patrols or events outside of Side OpsNegative:Story in game fizzles out by the end, with chapter 1 being good and chapter 2 having buildup but not payoffSome checkpoints don't make sense or are spaced really far apart; it's better to pause and leave game open than quit when life comes upNo real anti-cheat, which may make your FOB experience ♥♥♥♥♥♥Often, there are places where the player character should easily be able to vault up, but is unable toMGO3 isn't coming until 2016 for PCNo way to assist friends FOBs, just strangers, and no cooperative mode or defense for FOBs.I've never been intoMetal Gearspecifically for the story pastMetal Gear Solid1, at least chronologically speaking, so for fans ofMetal Gear Solid's zany and wonky story this will probably disappoint you more than it did me as it's scant for a Kojima game. The gameplay is sublime, however, and is more than worth the admission price. The game can be as easy or as hard as you make it and offers a lot of toys to make it fun for you. Like sniping, but don't want to kill anyone? Tranq sniper rifle. Like combat? How about a shotgun? Or an assault rifle? Or an assault rifle that has an underslung shotgun ala Starship Troopers? Maybe you'd like to add an underslung grenade launcher to your sniper rifle? There's a ton of possibilties.There is definitely grounds to say that this game is incomplete; it's clear considering the information that leaked online regarding unfinished parts of the game that, if watched, wrap up just about everything left lingering in the current game. It's a shame that Konami had to stifle what could have been the greatest complete package of a game ever made, but alas: features and story ended up on the floor as Konami tried to shove it out the door. The worst part about all of this is that even pledging to never buy Konami games again does nothing - this isn't how they are making money.The newestMetal Gear Solidhas some problems, but the game itself is so fun you may end up like me and be completely oblivious to the problems until the 100 hour mark. There's not a lot of options for stealth gameplay with decent combat, andThe Phantom Painis the absolute best offering there is in that regard. With the state of Konami, we can only hope thatThe Phantom Paininspires other developers to continue expanding the stealth genre outside of tight corridors and forced player actions with scripted reactions."
,Not Recommended,287700,18619757,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,⭐ChapaNDJ⭐,"Disappointment of the year.It feels so rushed, empty and boring. The story is more convoluted than ever and unfinished, just like the entire game.A shame that one of my favourite franchises goes straight into the trash with this entry.I simply cannot fathom how did it go so wrong.Open world doesn't fit in this game. It's like trying to make a linear GTA game.5/10"
,Not Recommended,287700,18364430,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Plaguefox,That's a nice Forward Operating Base you've got there. It would be a shame if something were to happen to it.
76561198097804575,Recommended,287700,33211919,Posted: 3 July,all,Kev,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,287700,18130973,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,heinous,you can brute force every mission guns blazing and earn an s-rank in minutes that would cost you hours if you go by stealth. at least in peace walker earning an s-rank requires full stealth. there is absolutely no reward in this game for using any kind of stealth approach. this is just an action game and not the sneaking game this series is known for anymore.
,Recommended,287700,31428575,Posted: 28 April,all,MISTOMI,yep.
,Recommended,287700,17832747,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SolidSpectr,A Hideo Kojima Game
76561198009346386,Not Recommended,287700,18365473,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,broiled,"Micro transactions...I purchased a PC games, and now it is full of P2W phone trash.Great way to ruin a game.Wouldn't have purchased if I knew they were going to add this."
,Not Recommended,287700,17972514,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Simbiat,"I really liked the prologue. Good dynamics, some insanity, full of action. Then I got to the stealth part. And honestly I am getting the same feel as from GZ: empty, plastic. Well, less plastic, due to somewhat better graphics (even on extra high and on 4k textures seem muddy, but not like that matters much), but still empty. I compare it to, say, Sniper Elite: it also has huge maps with a lot of distance to cover, yet the action seems and feels more packed. In PP I feel like I need to spend a lot of time, just moving from one stealth zone to the other. Realism - yes, but it's not the kind of realism, I'd want in a game. Also, during the 1st mission AI seemed a bit... Straight-forward and easy to fool? Again, in Sniper Elite even on normal enemies seemed more... Cunning? I mean, some of them could actually follow you through the whole map at certain conditions. In PP - just run around, hide and they will drop the search in a few moments. They will still more alert (whatever that means), but that seems to be it. Maybe further in the game this changes, but I was not able to get myself waste time on horsing through miles and miles of dead space to find out. So, marking as not recommended, although if you can get through uneven dynamics of the game to see more story cut-scenes - you may enjoy it."
76561198006606466,Not Recommended,287700,18128962,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Cap'n Barrels,"Im a massive fan of the MGS series but I have to say that this is the worst one so far. While the stealth gameplay is good, the game is totally devoid of story. The missions are repetitive, constantly requiring you to extract everything by balloon. Its like farcry meets metal gear but worse, with an open world that feels so dead and empty apart from the copy pasted outposts. Missions are repeated on a harder difficulty half way through the game which you have to play through just to squeeze out any semblance of story this game has, which is little to none. The Boss says literally nothing in this, baffling me as to why Kojima didnt hire David Hayter to do the talking as he has done for every other game in the long running series.ProsGood stealth gameplayWeapons Customization is endlessConsVery little story compared to the rest of the seriesMissions are repetitive and always require the FultonOpen world is empty  and lifeless"
,Not Recommended,287700,18137014,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Yamzee,kojima where is chapter 3 holy ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287700,17824289,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Reinveil von Megabee,"A Hideo Kojima game.(It's a lovely port, to boot.)"
,Not Recommended,287700,18019821,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"Metal Gear Solid games are typically plot-heavy games, so I will break this down in an attempt to avoid spoilers: a list of pros and cons followed by a full review that avoids spoilers as much as possible.MGS5 has plenty of good things going for it:+ Expansive outdoor environments with dozens of military facilities to explore...+ A diverse soundtrack from a new composer that combines and builds off of the best tracks in the series...+ The best and most complex controls for Snake out of any MGS game, allowing real freedom of movement...+ Hundreds of weapons to choose from, including options to edit them and make your own versions...+ A long main campaign over a combined 35+ missions (including story side ops)...However, these elements are all dragged down by glaring issues:- ... That are often just the same 4-man outpost cookie-cutter stamped across both maps.- ... Which is not only missing the series's main theme but feels out of place, using modern synths in a 1984 game.- ... Which seems to have input issues regardless of your control scheme, with Snake sometimes moving randomly (sometimes to his death or a mission failure). Even when the controls do work properly they feel loose and inaccurate.- ... That are clearly bad or strictly worse than a select few weapons. Many weapon upgrades are simply bigger numbers with occasional add-on slots.- ... Which is chock-full of a disgusting amount of padding. The majority of the missions and side ops are simple extraction missions where you sneak in, attach a magic balloon to a prisoner, and then run to a chopper.Full review (with light spoilers):For a game that was supposed to bridge the gap between the original Metal Gear games and the MGS series's later titles, there is very little storytelling or character development here. The only character with real growth is Huey, who is a piece of trash that you (and everyone in the game) grows to hate. Sure, Huey might be the best written character in the series, but it doesn't excuse how everyone else is fueled by revenge and has their arc concluded with revenge. There are also few cutscenes, with most of the meat of the story being told through Codec calls- *ahem* -I mean, cassette tapes. The game also takes a sharp turn from GZ's tone, with Skull Face going from being a creepy, mysterious horror one step ahead of you to being a caricature of a bond villian (who exposes his whole scheme to you during an awkwardly long caravan ride to his ""real"" base). The worst part is a lot of the story is repeated; you seem to be expected to listen to all of the cassette tapes to get the full story (imagine how bad previous games would've been if you were expected to pay attention to every non-critical Codec call!) and yet the conversations on them are often repeated or paraphrased during the main game! The game also fails to conclude all of its threads appropriately; most notoriously, a cut Mission 51 has shown up on Youtube which concludes a cliffhanger that happens in the middle of Chapter 2. The fact that such an important mission was left undone makes me think that this game was unfinished and rushed out the door, despite being in development for a supposed 5 years.There is a lot that could be nitpicked about this game but the biggest issue I have with it is the story. The MGS games have always been known for their story, with lengthy cutscenes and frequent Codec calls crafting a believable parallel world to ours. Snake (despite being voiced by Jack Bauer) is almost a silent protagonist in 5, who doesn't respond to radio communications (the replacement for Codec calls) or even talk to non Diamond Dog characters outside of Mother Base. Even during the ridiculous caravan ride with Skull Face he doesn't say a word during Skull Face's exposition. Snake had some ridiculous writing in the past (often repeating lines and adding a question mark on the end to comical effect) but it makes no sense for him to play the mute during key story points. I understand that Kojima wanted players to insert themselves as Snake this time around... But isn't that what players have always done in this series? People wanted to play as Big Boss and watch his descent into madness as advertised, not play as a silent body double. This might've been an attempt to reproduce the twist that Kojima created with Raiden in MGS2; however, that twist was acceptable because it happened near the beginning of the game. This game's twist just seems like a big ""screw you"" to the fans. All of this is on top of Kojima's obnoxious handwavium of choice, VOCAL CHORD PARASITES, which have effectively replaced MGS4's nanomachines as being the cause and effect for everything supernatural that happens.MGS5 could've been a good game had it ended with Chapter 1, could've been a great game with better writing, and could've been an amazing game with more series staples (more & better bosses, more (!) cutscenes, more character development). Things might change in the future; Konami might just be holding out on later chapters to milk the player base for DLC money (MB coins are already disgustingly distorting the singleplayer experience). As it currently stands, I'm going to get everything I can out of this game because its money already spent and its decently playable. However, because of all the glaring issues previously mentioned, plus broken online components such as MGO3 being delayed to January 2016 while consoles get it Oct. 6th and FOBs being invadable while offline, I cannot recommend this game to anyone. Both MGR and even the ""paid demo"" Ground Zeroes were honestly better Metal Gear Solid games than this embarrassing train wreck of game."
,Not Recommended,287700,18177011,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Mendhak,"Judging by the hype and reviews at the time of release, I suspect that this game caters to those who have enjoyed previous MGS titles and will likely serve as a nostalgia trip.  As someone who has never played any, this game feels repetitive, with almost no story, poor dialogue and an over-the-top resource management system; the side missions are repetitive (repetitive) and feel like a chore, the main missions aren't that different, the 'open' world feels tired.  It feels like MGSVPP would have been much better as a linear game so that the creators could have focused a little more on the story itself."
,Not Recommended,287700,18065735,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,(Strai),"★★★☆☆MGS4 was an ode to the MGS series and its fans, MGSV is an insult to them.  Core gameplay is solid (aside from bad vehicle controls), everything else is bland or worse.  A maliciously paced grind of a game, with ~10 hours of padding between every plot point, and a blatantly unfinished story.  Your ""reward"" for grinding through it all, isto have Quiet permanently stolen from your buddy roster.Quiethas been re-added in a recent update.  Obviously, 100% thanks to this review.  You're welcome, world.Likes:+ Quiet+ Reflex Mode+ Gameplay: Intuitive, responsive, replayable+ Ridiculous customization:  Have your golden helicopter blast the final countdownDislikes:- No Fast travel- Unfinished story- Bad Vehicle Controls- Story padding missions- No Hayter, no Snake,Big Medic- Development timers only run in-game- Only 2 maps, which are mostly empty space- Almost every mission amounts to ""Infiltrate this outpost""- Empty open world, that only allows linear travel via roads- Re-used missions in Chapter 2, with non-dynamic difficulty- Buddy system limitations, horse could count as a vehicle, etc★☆☆☆☆ (Multiplayer Update)The multiplayer (which for some reason didn't release with the rest of the game?) is quite possibly the worst multiplayer ever made.  After failing to join several matches through an uninformative loading screen, there are not even enough players to fill a single match, and all of them have horrible pings/lag, because one of them is the host.  And of course, as with all MGOs, this game will be shut down in a few months, making it an irrelevant waste of time, even if it was great.  There is so much wrong here, that I doubt its even fixable, a rare accomplishment.- Spawn kills, kill trades, unbalanced teams, unbalanced classes, no scoreboard?, short matches, no chat?, unfair modes, aim assist on PC, disgusting netcode & lag, broken TTK, player hosted matches, grenade spam and limited use gadgets, parkour disadvantages, half point assists.  Not a single redeeming quality...  And to top it all off, the multiplayer is an entirely separate app, that you have to quit/load into, to shut down the multiplayer you have to reload the singleplayer version of the game, why?  Did they go out of their way to make every bad design decision imaginable, just for the sake of making the worst game possible?  Sure seems like it.  Spite Konami, screw the fans."
76561198134122075,Recommended,287700,24608866,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Brunkus,"Metal Gear Solid 5 is a ♥♥♥♥ing work of art and is a GREAT stealth/action game, but it's a horrible Metal Gear game.As somebody who has played the other metal gear solid games (not extensivley, just a little), I can say that this isnt a good Metal Gear game. Metal Gear games are all linear as heck, have stories that advance the whole of the ""Metal Gear"" story, and have a real distinctive dorky feel. This game is definitley not linear, the story really doesnt add anything to the Metal Gear saga, and it feels a lot more like a AAA shooter than a nice and cozy Metal Gear game.If i didn't stress it enough, this is one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played. Kojima & his dev monkeys definitlety made a great game. The stealth feels good and believeable for the most part, especially so due to the wonderful progression system, and this game plays pretty damn well as a cover shooter, too. The enviornments are BEAUTIFUL too, which makes the hours of running or riding around feel like a safari tour. I don't think I can accuratley put into words how fun this game is.Without giving any spoilers, the story is pretty well-written. It flows a lot like how you'd expect an open world shooter's story to flow, and even though characters like Revolver Ocelot have gone from being kooky and unique to being very bland and default, they add a lot too. The thing that bothers me the most though is that Snake isn't himself anymore. In any other metal gear solid game, regardless of the protagonist being Big Boss or Solid Snake, Snake is inquisitive and talkative and doesn't waste any time being a brood-y ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. In Metal Gear Solid 5, though, Big Boss seems like yet another cookie-cutter action hero. There's even a point in the story where you spend maybe 15 minutes sitting in a jeep being talked to without saying a single thing. Snake is boring now, and I don't like it.If you are buying this expecting to play a Metal Gear Solid game, lower your expectations. This game is extremely fun and definitley worth the $40, but it just isn't for diehard Metal Gear fans."
,Recommended,287700,30178707,Posted: 25 February,all,Roku,Quiet.........♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287700,27871116,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TsKokoro,FANTASTIC!!♥♥♥♥ konami
76561198068014294,Recommended,287700,17956578,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,derpfishh,10/10 would electropunch legendary brown bears again
,Recommended,287700,23429777,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dimebag Darrell,"""They're just kids, boss""- Benedict ""Kazuhira"" MillerYeah, Child Protection Services of Africa is kinda sueing me right now, but it was all worth it."
,Recommended,287700,18053842,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Vincent~,Fun game play wise while the story could leave a little more to be desired
,Recommended,287700,18061075,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Srsly Kittens,D-Dog best waifu.
76561198159754583,Recommended,287700,17832466,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Yesicka ;),"It's hard to get used to at the start for a first-timer, but the game itself and graphics are stunning!!!"
76561198057344514,Recommended,287700,17886911,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,not hacking,Played this game for thirteen hours straightOnly 9% complete.10/10 wouldn't complete metal gear again
,Recommended,287700,22146612,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,VHS++,Thank you Hideo Kojima !
,Recommended,287700,23250031,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Тачанка,"Basically Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker, but with:More functionality and open world rather than loading transitions between areas.Modified cardboard box with lots more functionality.A variety of guns and gadgets.Buddy system that helps various missions.More fultoning jokes.Brand new Metal Gear to destroy.Plot twist.Super-Powered soldiers.Walk on your own Mother Base.Forgive that half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥chapter 2 and it will be one hell of a game."
,Recommended,287700,17851796,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Bitlus,You could say it's pretty... solid!
,Recommended,287700,17838503,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Mio,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17837009,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,VeNoM56k,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17868866,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,xd,I LIKE IT
,Recommended,287700,17885777,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,WoahWhoadie,Screenshot Simulator.
,Recommended,287700,27612652,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BOT  Syahrul,Just Buy this game even if u wont play it
76561198062949601,Recommended,287700,17903063,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,k3rnel-pan1c.py,A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME
,Recommended,287700,17873988,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,COG,"Load game.♥♥♥♥♥♥in face.Do tutorial.Given horse.Ride into town.Turn off lights.Shoot guy in back of head.Hide body.Shoot guy in back of head.Hide body.Shoot guy with mortar.No body to hide.Steal truck.Run over driver.Find diamond.Profit.!!!!! / !!!!!RecommendBugs:While there are technically keyboard prompts, the controller prompts seem to battle with the keyboard ones in a spastic never ending feud. Fully expect to see this patched soon. Makes the learning curve steep.why is ""s p astic"" filtered? its an accurate description..."
,Recommended,287700,17892847,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Pigsnacks,Can slide down hills in my box.10/10 would slide again.
,Recommended,287700,17926714,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,BadTanMan,65 hours and I've only reached chapter 2. Lord save me...
,Recommended,287700,23764662,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheEiE,"The missions are fundamentally repetitive and the story is disappointing, but it is so cheap right now that it's definitely worth playing especially since the core gameplay is actually fun.If you followed this game from before it was released, being excited from the several expertly crafted trailers which implied a story that would explain the foundations of big boss' villainy and then some; then you'd probably be disappointed by the actual story which has to do with a skeleton man building a gundam and wanting to remove the english language with organic nano-machines.Now of course it has plot-threads connecting itself with previous games, but the basic story is just that, and the plot-twist at the end is only mind blowing if you're expecting something good after it.There's a reason there are forums of conspiracy theorists researching the pixels of venom snake's beard thinking that there's a clue in there leading to konami releasing some holy third chapter that actually bridges the gap between PW and MG, but while there are a lot of things in this game that are rushed, and I do believe konami did force this game out, I honestly don't believe it would have been that much better if they had time to finish it because the cut mission that they showed in the bluray extra had very little to do with anything and what story is already in the game is not that good.The gameplay however is alright especially if you like open-world time sinks, so buy it on sale.It's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198291388573,Recommended,287700,25374988,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Physalis_F,"I'm still waiting for the new processor to run the gameBut anyway, before I start the game, I got to say, ""♥♥♥♥ YOU KONAMI!""-------------------------------------------------------------------♥♥♥♥ YOU KONAMI!　科婊你全家炸了，亲妈爆炸灵车漂移-------------------------------------------------------------------てめぇらコナミ！死ぬがよい！こんなクッソ会社は早く倒産したほうがいい！死　ぬ　が　よ　い！"
,Recommended,287700,28294704,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,is roy really our boy tho,this is an infiltration mission
76561197993503232,Recommended,287700,27639744,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Blak,"Hideo Kojima had an idea, that idea became MGS V: TPP.Idea of MGS Peace Walker gameplay beautifully presented in form of great stealth/combat simulator powerded by FOX Engine.Great framerates even on potatoes.By prepared tho, playing this game, you will feel the ""phantom pain"" of something missing from the game. You can thank the publisher for that."
,Recommended,287700,17854847,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,MARL3Y J,"One of the best games i have ""ever"" played and youll think even more so if you are a life long fan of the franchise, to make things more exciting i havent even scratched the surface of this game yet. What was that game thats coming out again this Nov?...Fall what? :p, That good! ;)"
,Not Recommended,287700,17835290,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Gas the Gnoblins,What this game brings to the table:- Microtransactions- ONLY 2 CHAPTERS!- 5 years of disappointment- a few giggles- Pre-ordering- Not being able to refund this crap
76561198028740712,Recommended,287700,17894802,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,jas2765,"Absolutely phenomenal game, a must have."
,Recommended,287700,18099018,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,RarLian,"Great game, was 10/10 but mission 45 is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for a non- leathal run it is litterly a ♥♥♥♥ing boss-rush style mission while defending someone. this is litteraly immpossible to do non-leathaly because of the 1 shot tank the apc pos no real threat but no matter what i do the tank home in on me a 1 shot me. even when i try to stun and extract them, the person im suppose to defend dies. This is not the first time poor game design happened for my non-lethal run but, that mission litterly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to no avail. for a kill run this game is great 10/10 its a ♥♥♥♥ing 0/10 compare to any other msg for non-lethal run. ♥♥♥♥ misson 45. i hope it burns in hell along with my hopes of a non-lethal run. also ♥♥♥♥ the FOB hackers they can join my hopes and dreams in hell.To explain further first chapter fells hand crafted the 2nd feels like a ♥♥♥♥ing toddler threw it together. i really belive after chapter 1 hideo kojima Was removed from the project and they just pushed the game out, thanks konami for being a completly trash company you never fail to amaze me with your horrbile business mistakes hope you burn in hell with my hope, dreams and misson 45.overall rating after beating the game7/10 ♥♥♥♥ you konamithanks for nothingbut shatter dreams"
,Recommended,287700,26652761,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Zgames The Dragon,"Metarru Gearru Soliddu Faivu : The Phantom PainGod this is going to be a long review. So here's tldr; Get the new Definitive Version WHEN ON SALE.That being said. Let's get to the first part of this long♥♥♥♥♥review.Story-We start of with the ending of Metal Gear Solid : Ground Zero. We're now in the Hospital and have awoken from our long 9 years of coma. Cipher want to kill you. And you want to rekt them. So begin the Journey of Naked.... I mean Venom Snake.Set in the year 1984, the story is this game at first you'll be. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is sooooo Kojima. But as you progress you get the feeling. Why does it feel so rushed? Why does this feel out of place. For a long fan of Kojima Metal Gear Series, the middle part of the game felt rushed, as thing explained in a pace that you'll go. WTF THIS AIN'T MGS PACING.The boss fights are also very disappointing. All of Skulls ""battles"" is more of a steroid induce zombie.Since I think everyone already knew the story anyway. Because overall it felt. Meh. MEH. Not good, and not that bad as well.Characters-I gotta say, some characters are pretty well written but ( of course there's a ""but"" ) their presentation and how the build up is underwhelming.Like Skull Face. The build was OK, we learn to hate him with passion as he fuks people around with those virus. But, I don't know how to word it as during the final confrontation. It all was a huge disappointment to be honest.Other than that the character for Kaz and Code-Talker is at time hilarious.Kaz is more grumpy than ever, but at times he has his ""relaxed"" moments.Huey's a b*tch that's for sure.And our main Protagonist is like a walking box of nothingness. We expect more of Kiefer soothing voice, but that's only for some key and brief moments.Inb4 shoulda find someone else to voice Snake.Gameplay-Hooooooooooooooooooooooooo boi. This is the best MGS Game that I've played. A shame I didn't play MGS IV since during the PS3 era I was already most of the time on PC so didn't have the chance of buying a console.Ok about the gameplay. It's more of an advanced Peace Walker. The mother base aspect, recruiting soldiers and determine what division they should go.The weapon and gadget tier, using GMP and certain lvl of the division to unlock the best of the best gear.The A.I is also quite unexpected at times. Those ""Ranking"" S+ - E really does matter in the real game.For example. An E battle rated soldier if they saw you in broad daylight around 50-60 metres away. Will most of the time shrug off and go back to his post. But a grade B and higher they'll get suspicious and warn the entire group of the area or call for backup.So at first of course you'll feel like these soldiers are sh*t. Because they are sh*t.And for the missions, some of the are great and some of them are relatively again. MEH. Also with the padding of the ""Subsistence"" and ""Extreme"" missions. Why can't Konami just make a selection like ""Do you want to play this mission in Subsistence/Extreme mode?""? For only a handful of mission have the ""Subsistence"" it felt like they're just adding to cover for some mission that was entirely cut from the game.Inb4 still wishing for Eli in Sahelanthropus VS Venom.Soundtrack and music overall-Pretty Good. I ain't a sound expert but sometimes during some sequence the music fit perfectly. So.... it's good. Is good.Multiplayer-Quite good mindless fun. Everything feel quite balanced even with the stealth camouflaging since you can faintly see the outline of the person.Overall it's good.Final conclusion-Overall a great Metal Gear ""Game"" but a disappointing Metal Gear ""Story"". MGS II is still considered one of my all time favourite. Because of purely how Jacks or Raiden as a character learn to grow from his experience and Solid Snake as the ""Badass Support"" character helping our main protagonist finding his place in this cruel military world.So go buy Definitive Edition when it's on sale. Then you can have fun."
,Recommended,287700,17855923,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,T H O T  P A T R O L,Pros:Chico isn't Quiet.Cons:Hayter's not in the game. So his massive chimpout on Twitter was real and not a ruse.10/10 goty
76561198067542799,Recommended,287700,22904543,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Romeo Coates,"Despite it's troubled development cycle, as well as Konami making complete fools of themselves, Kojima pulled through and delivered my favorite gaming experience of the year."
76561198129422167,Recommended,287700,17862933,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mr Lunani,"This Game is amazing, the story is great, the game play is some of the best in the series.Pro's:1: You can add your own Mixtape into the game, so John Cena plays from my Helicopter now.2: Revolver Ocelot3: The story4: Game PlayCons:1: Jack Bauer is now Big Boss2: No in game Volume control.Other than those two things the game is probably one of the best there is."
76561198267600918,Recommended,287700,23351875,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,King Godler,"FPS dips with smoke only on Extra High Effect setting, other than that extremely well-optimised. Nice, clean graphics. Massive game. Demon form is annoying though, Iam Ok with the horn but the blood coating ruins it."
76561198091007423,Recommended,287700,17992671,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Boosted Animal,Nude grill 10/10
,Recommended,287700,22262460,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ArronRiley,"I've never played any MG game but after getting more confused that I was before by googling the overall story, I understand why people are deeply inlove with the series. The game looks amazing, plays smoothly, has a deep story that connects to all the other games in a very confusing and mind boggling way. The thing I like the most about this game is how serious the story is, but how silly the game can be. One moment you are torturing a hot girl, and the next you are hiding in cardboard boxes with poster girls on them to confuse the enemy, and extracting bears back to mother base. One of my favorite things is the enemy chatter. You can listen in to their idle conversations and they are quite funny. The game is everything you could want it to be really. A perfect blend of stealth and action. The only real problem people have had is that there was a decent chunk of cut content that really wrapped the story up and would have been very fun to play, but for whatever reason was not allowed/able to finish.Wooooaaahhh Hooooooooo/10"
,Recommended,287700,18109616,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Kaboom0,I get paid to beat up animals with my robot arm and then teach them to fly. 10/10.
76561198056866952,Recommended,287700,17946616,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ScGhost,"I love the game a lot. The gameplay if fun, mother base is an epic feature to the game and the fact you get to roam around is also amazing. While everything is good i do have one wish though. I wish there was more soldier interaction with the base itself. In the gameplay videos we saw soldiers at shooting ranges and driving vechicles but i dont see that in the actual game itself"
,Recommended,287700,17956738,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Lunatitch,"Great game so far, 12.5h and only about 9% completed :DPC optimization is perfect, running at 60fps stable on 'everything on extra high' settings.(i5 2500k, GTX 970, 1080p)"
,Recommended,287700,23177345,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,ScreamingFrancis,"Mixed feelings about this:- Not really the best MG by Kojima- Graphics are awesome tho- Plot is interesting, but it rotates around missions, that is to say game becomes repetitive after 1/4 of the story- Companions show personality, that's good- Boss fights are more a ""hit and run"" similar to old arcade games- You can actually plan your actions on the field, that's also good- Drama is persistent- Haven't finished it yet, I just don't feel it anymore for nowRecommended, yes, but again, it could bore you after a while."
76561198078147588,Recommended,287700,25337550,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Epicblazer (MAGA!),"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Fiddles is a 10/10. The first half of the game was awesome, but Konami sucks now."
,Recommended,287700,17850387,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Swedge,Accidentally shot my horse in the face. 10/10
76561198110987371,Recommended,287700,26955160,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pie Foot,"This is definetly a troubling game to review since it carries with it a long story of development hell and very bold and, sometimes, nonsensical decisions.It's probably the least and most accesible game in the Metal Gear Saga, for both good and bad reasons: it's the latest game in the series and it just now ocurred to the Director that cutscene overflow was a problem for newer players (without realising that without the previous games's knowledge, said new player would be lost) but it has IMO the tightest controls the series ever had.Story, sadly, took a toll for what little of it is there. Much of the previous games's charm is lost and some characters are outright changed. Gone are the amazing boss fights, silly dialogue and quick remarks of the protagonists. It's all been replaced by a barren wasteland of a open world, which you would've probably seen all by the middle of the game.With that being said, it was a really enjoyable experience for me BUT i, personally, wouldn't revisit this chapter in the series."
,Recommended,287700,17882758,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mr. Angry Tiger,"When i had played ground zero, it was the first time i had ever touched a metal gear solid game, i was astonished by the graphics as well as how smooth the game felt. While the phantom pain contains all the aspects of ground zero and perfect them into masterpiece for stealth gaming. I truly love the gameplay as a whole as well as the unbelieveable story, its like being in a movie."
,Recommended,287700,22597899,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Darantyr,"Venom Snake's bizarre adventure.Edit:If you can deal with the clunky controls and the eventual unfair elements of multiplayer, it is pretty good, too."
,Recommended,287700,28876803,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,donkilu,"9/10Some promises were not fulfilled, especially the plots of Chapter 2. However, the gameplay is a masterpiece, smooth, immersive and bug-free. I would say MGSV is the best steath game in our era.Definitely recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,287700,22032276,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Iroulf,"Phantom Pain is a difficult game to review as in the end it falls into 3 different categories:1. Story2. Quality3. Gameplay1/2. The story is good from the start and rated from what was percieved during the game was overall well made, chapter one especially. Now it gets more complicated as you venture into chapter 2. Instead of containing more story missions its all filler missions basically. Do not get it wrong some of the best missions can be found here but they are all seperated into individual missions rather than taken into the context of a larger story arc such as in chapter one.Now the most dissappointing part of the game storywise was the abrupt ending.Wether you like the ending or not is open for debate but one thing is agreeable on both sides, it came far too sudden to be utilized in the best way. I personally found it interesting and overall fitting with the games theme and cleared up a few plotholes in the first MG games. (And you can also interpret it in a very symbolic fashion but that will include many spoilers and text so Ill leave that out.) Now the story borders into the next category; quality.The quality overall is good of the game but once again falls after chapter 1.The game simply ends too abruptly and lacks some form of buildup for the ending and the consequences of it. Personally they should have made at least two more chapters (Chapter two should have been focused on the theme of the tragedy in Shining Lights even in Death, the third on the Kingdom of Flies and then at last some sort of epilogue or conclusion where they then present the ending arc and add a suiting final boss.)3. The gameplay is very good, it offers many different ways to play, gun blazing full stealth, anything. So I think it appeals in the end much to the players personal preference. When you first enter the world there seems so much to do, so many options and strategical approaches, and of course you may utilize them however you want, especially since you have only basic equipment. Now the downsides is that during later levels in the game, theres simply no reason to as sabotage gives more attention than simply sneaking by enemies and knocking them out. Which leads to the next point of the games overrall difficulty, I found it too easy later, the bases seemed to have no advanced network of patrols and security and instead used standard patrols who could be easily neutrilized. So knocking up the that would always be a plus.Overall this game is very good, eventhough it certainly lacks in some late game story departments the gameplay and chapter 1 makes it definitely worth it. Eventhough some MGS fans may find it somewhat shallow as it doesnt really come out as that missing link between the saga as it was supposed to be."
76561198048908940,Recommended,287700,17977153,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,♥♥♥♥ Quiets final mission and those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tanks.I knew the damn plot twist from the second the story starts its so obvious.But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is a masterpiece and probably my second favourite in the series.Kojima Deserves his praise but so does the team that spent years working on this and allowing kojima to create such a masterpiece.#♥♥♥♥Konami
76561198026452405,Recommended,287700,17918805,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,<removed>,"MGS v is a masterpiece, the prologue is so terrifying and great, the voice acting is awesome, and the visual is really excellent. You have many ways to finish the mission, many things to do besides doing mission, like collecting materials, animals and more. Upgrading your mother base and equipment also feels satisfying and rewarding. the day and night cycle made the mission feel different and sometimes more challenging. This game is almost perfect for an open-world infiltration with the great action gameplay and nice story, MGS V is obviously the best MGS ever made by Kojima."
,Recommended,287700,23534302,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,leader of antifa,im stuck in the motherbase tutorial mission
76561198066432429,Recommended,287700,17893475,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,mrricearoni,better than dota 2
76561198108271640,Recommended,287700,17842562,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Alexander,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorDespite all the positive reviews this is getting, I'm going to have to go against popular opinion and call out the many flaws. Firstly some (not all) of the graphics are not as great as they first appear. Blurry textures and some bad rendering to be found even on maxed out graphics. Not a big deal, but still worth noting as there are other titles out at the moment that score higher in this area. Next is the completely ridiculous and convoluted plot and dialogue. I've played Metal Gear Solid 1 and 2, so I know that there's supernatural themes to this game, but come on this is just too much for me. The dialogue is just terrible, plain straight terrible, and I'm surprised because watching the cut scenes and codec messages in the previous games was the best part. Things happen so fast it's hard to keep up, one minutes Snakes in a coma, and next he's riding through the desert like a maniac cowboy. Ocelot appears out of nowhere to lend a hand, and it's so confusing. And there are so many near misses and bits where Snake and friends would have died if the situations were real. One part where a soldier fires an RPG and his buddies are right behind him in a confined corridor, and I’m thinking to myself, yup they’d all be dead from the back blast right about now. It's more cinematic eye candy than entertaining and meaningful. Next are the controls, the worst part. They are horrible to be brief. Obviously they wanted you to play with an Xbox controller, because all the hints are displayed as if I own one, which I don't. Crawling is difficult because the character refuses to turn around, meaning half the time I’m crawling backwards. I had flight pedals plugged in to begin with, and when I first started up the game, the screen was just spinning, so I had to unplug it. There are many other small things but I feel I've made my point. The pros are, they've tried to make things open world, there's plenty of customisation and the game play isn't bad. The main reason I've chosen to give this a bad review is because it hasn't lived up to my expectations.Edit: After playing this a bit more I still stand by what I first said, however it has excellent game play and it's own certain charm about it. It's clear a lot of effort went into this, and while certain areas could be improved I don't think people should avoid buying this game. It's worth the money, but I hope some of you can see it's not spot on 100% perfect like a lot of fans would have you believe."
,Recommended,287700,17886313,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Antraxo,The Final Chapter. 10/10
,Recommended,287700,17840664,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Cyanyde,"This is the first time I've followed a man's butt crack, and still enjoyed myself, thoroughly.I also enjoy kidnapping random enemy soldiers.Plus, this is the best 2 hour prologue ever.10/10 would uh.. follow butt-crack guy again."
,Recommended,287700,17862930,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Scalemage0,You're pretty good
76561197987920886,Recommended,287700,17920428,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Felix,"Just buy it. You wont regret it, if you are into open world games - and this one is a diamond ;)+Story+buddys+equipment+gameplay+and dude the tutorialA Hideo Kojima Game"
,Recommended,287700,25239571,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Tea Lizard,"A great action/stealth game in every aspect imaginable. A good Metal Gear Soild game? Not so much. It is clear that there was much left to be told in this game and it never made it. Gives you alot of questions with little to no resolution once you complete the truly final mission. Even though it might be the weakest in the series, it is still one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,287700,28772424,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,m1kad00,"according to my first 200h in mgsv I can say Quiet makes me feel safe, i highly recommend her!"
,Recommended,287700,25265776,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,x Nifty Knight x,"I think that MGSV:TPP is one of the best games in the franchise because of sheer replability,I've played MGS MGS2 MGS3 and MG and MG2 I never had MGS4 because reasons.The open world factor is great because you have choice over your infiltration methods. However this game has less dialogue than the previous titles and no codec conversations! One of the best things about the previous titles. I still wish David Hayter voiced snake in this game. kiefer does a great job and I applaud his work but I miss some of the tones from the older games. However this game is great quality and is beautiful, the story is intense and emotional. A big boss 9/10 for me"
76561198048060934,Recommended,287700,27552742,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Quoth_the_Raven,"Slender boob lady, frisky puppy and one armed pirate eyed Snake? Worth every penny."
,Recommended,287700,24681712,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TerenceJGuo,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17903157,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Fleet Commander Ramzan S'jet,"Fun, addicting, gorgeous graphics, funny moments.  Kojima's insane attention to detail is in full force with his last Konami game."
,Recommended,287700,23681320,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Captain Ron,"Love hurts so bad, but still saved my soul."
,Recommended,287700,17888217,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,S to the U to the R to the FY,"It runs like butter, the plot makes no sense, you'll probably have no idea what's going on, it has some strange humor, the graphics are great (except for low-poly first person models), and the gameplay is extremely super fooper fun.TL;DR IT WILL STEAL YOUR SOUL"
,Recommended,287700,28801797,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MAESTRE,"A masterpice by Hideo Kojima. One of the best games ever. more than 40 mins (or even 2 hours) in a single mission, imagine how many hours of game you'll have."
,Recommended,287700,24657509,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,BlackBurningHaze,Took me one year to say this:Thank you Hideo.
76561198003423756,Recommended,287700,17864967,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ƇƠƝƝƖƤƬƖƠƝƧ,"Firstly, I haven't finished the game but I've seen enough to report on it.The good. The gameplay is ingenius and very deep with a huge variety of approaches. The map feels realistically large. Enemy AI is top notch. Weather is fantastic. And finally, the Fox engine is runs amazingly well and pales only to REDengine from the Witcher 3. I have a gtx 970 with a core i7 and was getting about 45-50 fps while running the game with everything maxed at 4k.The bad. I switched the c and ctrl buttons while customizing my controls and when I relaunched the game it forgot my changes, hopefully they will fix this. Also the game wouldn't let me switch browsers while the game was running and blocked anything but the game from coming on screen.The ugly. The lack of the mouse in the menu controls is unusual and annoying and considering this game is as playable on a keyboard and mouse as it is on a 360 controller it's something that needs to changed.Overall I'd recommend this game as the issues I had with it were mostly annoyances and everything else is the kind of top notch quality you'd expect from a Metal Gear game.-Update as of 9/13-The game is deeper than I thought and quite a lot goes into making mother base what it is. The story tends to surprise you and after a while I started dreading whatever lurked in the next cutscene during an infiltration mission but that excitement really makes the game as great as it is. The enemies seem to adapt over time to your tactics and it adds much replayability to areas you've been through before.Also what problems I mentioned before are nonexistent now.Update as of 10/7I beat the game. Mission 45 is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and I modded my save files, I won't spoil anything but you'll know what I'm talking about. Besides that the game has a pretty underwhelming late game. All I'm doing now is either farming to continue development or screwing with defenseless FOBs. MGO was delayed to January for pc and even then I feel it fails to bring in the creativity that singleplayer can create. This game's online would be so much better if Konami would just let us group up and go to war with other over resources and let us fully utilize all these troops and weapons we've gathered. Like letting us run a ground base while we get invaded or fight over resources at a base and turn it into a game of cat and mouse when we try to transport them away."
,Recommended,287700,17837274,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,[DA] Dream K|ll3r,"I've been playing this game for 10 hours now. Yes this IS a Hideo Kojima game.We have long cutscenes (they are not boring compared to previous... oops, when did a MGS cutscene became boring?).Amazing graphicsA very well optimized game for the PC.- I have an i3 1.7ghz Processor, with 4GB of Ram, and GT 720 M 1GB... it's below the minimum requirements and my PC managed to run it around 30fps.Amazing story (so far), I'm looking at you PROLOUGE! (Yes, the prolouge IS the BEST MGS prolouge ever!)Fluid controlsTons of things to doAmazing Enemy AINo repetetive missionsOh yeah, talking about missions, I just finished Mission 8, and that's a 10 hour gameplay overall!Out of 100% to completion, I currently have 5%.Did I already mentioned that THIS IS A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME?!Is this game worth the buy? So far, 100% yes... I haven't played the multiplayer modes yet (MGS Online, FOB) but the price is really worth it with the single player mode.Now I am going to let my little cousin (4 years old) play the prolouge and wait for him to cry. (The prolouge is PT Silent Hills guys!)"
,Recommended,287700,17841888,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Deplorable Panda,"Finally, a AAA title with a perfectly optimized PC port.So far, I've played for 21 hours and have only completed 12% of the game. Going around and spending hours just killing off Ruskie soldiers and wrecking their outposts is just too fun.Game mechanics, graphics, storyline, cut scenes... amazing. This is what a perfect game looks like.This is a Hideo Kojima game, through and through."
76561198005450428,Recommended,287700,17832722,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Sir Potato,good graphic run very well even with not so new computergood story very good to enjoyThe menu is so clean and  cool in a wayand...............A Hideo Kojima Game !
,Recommended,287700,17869242,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,"That's Mr. Trump to you, son.","This game is so well optimized for PC, it hurts, I wish more American and European companies could learn more from Kojima, the fox engine proves to be a key for PC porting.The game itself is amazing, there have been rants about the inability to bind special mouse keys and not having a button to save (all auto save). The reasoning behind the lack of ""PC hardware binds"" may relate to the fact this game operates under keyboard only in menus, allowing mouse must conflict with UI, destabilizing performance and giving the engine the notorious conumdrum of ""stick or mouse?"" when it comes to porting, the game did not extent that support for the greater good, IMO.As far as saving manually, this game would be far too easy with save buttons, avoiding any problem and reloading.This game is a 10 and an example for more developers who port console to PC, I can only imagine what this game would have been, had it been a full PC title."
76561197993304826,Recommended,287700,17954115,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Chr1s0G,I must say i was really looking forward to this game this i played ground zeros and it didnt disappoint me at all. This is a master peace an that well optimised that you could run it on a calculator.10/10 Mr Kojima
76561198124042287,Recommended,287700,17836383,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Knight Captain Otaku,"Many have said this before me, many will say this after me.......A Hideo Kojima Game."
,Recommended,287700,17856633,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,colef2222,"Being a virgin to the metal gear solid series (Besides ground zeroes although I wouldnt count that myself), this game is incredible!Pros:Lots of customization regarding loadouts and approach for missions (Want a tracking rocket launcher and a gun that shoots rubber bullets? Why not!)Optimization is incredible for this game (No need to worry about framerates, you'll play it like a damn fiddle)Atmosphere is hella dynamic (Sudden Darude Sandstorm is sudden)You get to abduct people and kidnap them, depending on if you think they will benefit your Diamond Dogs (Gonna spend way to much time finding the right people)Mother Base is a really fun part of the game for me, upgrading your gear and the base blends seemlessly in with the gameplay, no need to grind items to get stuff for the base from what I've seen.♥♥♥♥n chill♥♥♥♥♥puppy missing an eyeCons:Stealth is a little wierd at times (Lying in the middle of a road during the day and a soviet guy on alert just walked right up to me, looked at me, then left.)Key bindings reset everytime I boot the game up*EDIT* Stealth is a bit better and unforgiving as I've progressed, and my key bindings and settings are saved now on bootup.All in all, this is a masterpiece of a game. I'd recommend it to anyone who's looking for a good helping of game."
,Recommended,287700,17853452,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Mom,"Alright, I've played for over an hour, and it is pretty legit.  BUT. For the love of god I can't figure out the controls.  All of the♥♥♥♥♥♥is presented to you in the form of an xbox controller, and it is just trial and error figuring out how to get that♥♥♥♥♥♥to work on a keyboard.  I guess I'm going to go get a plug and play controller.  That's really the only negative thing I can think of for the game so far, so if you're planning on getting this game, make sure you have a handle ready."
76561198089140175,Recommended,287700,17865249,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,LoneWanderer1988,"long time metal gear fan. if you liked peacewalker youll love this. looks great, plays great and took the basic principles from peacewalker and expanded on them and made this. couldnt be happier with it. only game ive ever pre ordered and ran perfectly maxed out from the start."
,Recommended,287700,18123981,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,KnightErrant,"This is a very deep game.Here's my take, which I originally posted onTechZwn.com.http://techzwn.com/2015/09/metal-gear-solid-v-is-a-game-about-what-unites-us-and-what-drives-us-apart/Metal Gear Solid V Is a Game About What Unites US, and What Drives Us ApartThe depth of Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain only dawned on me after I unlocked the multiplayer mode, which has you attacking bases of fellow players and defending against their attacks. As with any game, when a new mode opens up, the first reaction is typically to jump right in. I did just that, and my first invasion of a fellow player’s base ended with me cutting his throat in a moment of panic, before winning the match. I felt terrible (I meant to extract him). The next match, however, ended with me getting shotgun blasted by a rival player. And that’s where it began.Now, the interesting thing about the FOBs multiplayer mode in MGS:V is that after you attack another player, they find out where your base is, and can launch counterattacks. The second player did this when I wasn’t around, killing half my crew and stealing the other half.My first reaction was a thirst for revenge. And it was in that moment when I realized the genius of MGS:V. I experienced what I think Hideo Kojima wanted players to experience—the phantom pain, when the feeling of being wronged drives you into a want for vengeance.What’s interesting about Phantom Pain is that every character by your side is a former enemy—either in the Metal Gear series, or during your encounters in MGS:V. Even the soldiers who constitute your team are the former enemies you decided to fulton back to your base.It then raises the question: what is an enemy and what is a foe? To explore this (and without giving spoilers), MGS:V makes you experience betrayal, forgiveness, and mercy. It also shows in your rivals (and states clearly) that a thirst for vengeance can make a man into a demon. In the game, the enemies that pursue you are phantoms from your past—those who either feed off the hatred of others, or who are driven and controlled by a want for vengeance over the wrongs you’ve committed against them.This effects you in-game as well. The theme that your actions can transform you into a monster is something that can actually play out—with Snake’s horn growing larger, or even with Snake covered in unremovable blood if you decide to head down that dark road.On the surface, the game’s story plays with two key themes: language and race, which along with ideology are the key elements in our world that seem to unite people, or drive them apart.It goes into the idea of what happens if we lose our ability to speak with one-another, or what happens when we set aside our differences to unite ourselves behind a common cause?It plays with the idea that the same people you’re fighting with today over your differences, could just as easily be your close friends had you met on different terms. And it shows the terrible form of vengeance, and its never-ending spiral.Even in your two main comrades, these themes are shown in how they deal with the past. Ocelot (your enemy in other MGS games) is on the good side of this. He’s the voice of reason, and a man who took past defeats as the foundation to build a better future. Then there’s Miller, your old friend tortured by the past and forever in want of revenge against those who wronged him.Both of these characters went through something similar, and both took a different path. They stand by your side throughout the game, as a reminder of your own choice of how you regard past wrongs against yourself.Then (without giving spoilers), there are other main characters who reflect these two paths. One of them is a phantom of wrongdoing against you, who is hated, and the other is a phantom of your own wrongdoing, who turns this to love.I won’t detail an of the story itself, but in every juncture of the game, these elements are explored, and even in the gameplay—such as how do you react when another player kills or steals your men—you as a player are also led by the crossroads of forgiveness and vengeance."
,Recommended,287700,17840580,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Psope,"Great game. Well optmized. Works well on my gtx 970, i5 2500k 8gb ram hardware at max settings.A Hideo Kojima game"
,Recommended,287700,30538803,Posted: 16 March,all,Strange,"The Phantom Pain is the kind of game I thought would never exist - one where every minute gameplay detail has true purpose. Its lack of story focus is sure to be divisive for the Metal Gear faithful, but the resulting emphasis on my story, my tales of Espionage Action, easily make it my favorite in the series. There have certainly been sandbox action games that have given me a bigger world to roam, or more little icons to chase on my minimap, but none have pushed me to plan, adapt, and improvise the way this one does. Metal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Pain doesn’t just respect my intelligence as a player, it expects it of me, putting it in a league that few others occupy.The Good- Exceptional sandbox gameplay- Meaningful complexity- Stealth flexibility- Tons of gadgets and abilitiesThe Bad- Sparse storyMetal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Pain is a gameplay marvel, rewarding intelligence and creativity in a way few games do.This game is a masterpiece."
76561198051205161,Recommended,287700,17894145,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,blazeinganja,METAL GEAR SOLID V: The Phantom Pain  One of the best games in the series  ?In my opinion hideo kojima has out done himself on this onefrom the story to graphics and sound its just flawlessy put togetherAlso be sure to check out MGS:GZ firstAs it plays a key role in knowing just what the f**k is going ONhope to see you guys and girls online early next year for some metal gear mayhem
76561198079726338,Recommended,287700,17887193,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Psyber_Punk,"10/10 because golden prosthetic arm, keep me iced out"
76561198019738163,Recommended,287700,17950074,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,chonny,A Hattori Hanzo sword.
,Recommended,287700,17951605,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,JohnnyCrash45,"Hideo Kojima, Master of Stealth, this is your Magnum Opus."
,Recommended,287700,18049327,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,KaksNullFem,"If you played the other MGS games, then play this and close the circle. Just do it. -Shia LaBeouf"
,Recommended,287700,17976989,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Sager,"Great game, love it I would reccomend this to anyone. Just make sure you play the other ones first in order. :D"
,Recommended,287700,17902932,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Palomonico,"What can we say? It's ""A Hideo Kojima Game""10/10 EXCELENT in every way because... It's ""A Hideo Kojima Game"" ^_^"
,Recommended,287700,24757569,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Shmoo,Bretty Gud
76561198192553454,Not Recommended,287700,22478950,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Strelok_718,"I would have given it a middle thumb, but since that's not an option, I just have to stick with that one.It is actually a great game, but it's an awful Metal Gear. I might have enjoyed it far more if it hadn't been for the extremely high expectations. I would recommend it for those that aren't that much into the franchise. Real fans will most likely be disappointed as I am."
,Recommended,287700,24895854,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,LeMoR,"Considering as an independent storyline, (The tapes are enough to make you understand what's going on)The game is about a private army, MSF and how they dealt with an unknown enemy known as Cipher and the adventure you go through. You learn to see how an army is run and managed, and you very well learn to deal with the sci-fi enemies. You assume the role of Venom Snake.The core gameplay is stealth. But the game allows you to complete the mission by any means necessary. You are deployed into the mission area, deal with the enemy patrol and complete you task. After that it's your call whether to go back to motherbase or hang around in the mission area. I usually prefer the latter as you get to farm resources and personnel (not anymore more, I spend more time on monthly FOB events).The Online features of the game are well done. You construct your base and expand it by adding more FOB (Forward Operating Base), which helps you recruiting more personnel and leveling up your army. After mission 22, you get to infiltrate other player's FOB. That's one of the interesting part of the game."
,Recommended,287700,24936970,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Savage,Great gameplay. The games story just fall's off at the end :(
,Recommended,287700,17898959,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Lycanthrope,"Incredibly fun game with an annoying checkpoint save system that harkens back to the days of console hardware limitations. I *loathe* checkpoint save systems. It also has a pathetic online ""PVP"" component with a cash shop--always good to see the wonderful aspects of mobile gaming trying their luck with the ""real"", less gullible and slightly more sophisticated industry.The story is all over the place, but coherent enough.Have read some nonsense about the depiction of Quiet, the silent, mostly naked female companion being sexist, despite her coming across as both a strong and interesting character. I guess anything that doesn't depict women in ""all shapes and sizes"", unattractive or some other garish shade of plain equates to sexism these days... I like the character. Though, I'll also happily admit to wishing for an increase in attractive male companions with some kind of aversion to clothing in games ;)All-in-all, I think this is a great farewell from Kojima and easily outshines its predecessors. Not to mention the welcome addition of Japanese voice-overs (though, don't try switching between them after starting a game--different language states seem to equate to different games with different saves). Also, it's the first time ever that I've been able to commend a Japanese game for its English voice overs--they really are very believable/authentic--the previous Metal Gear Solid voice actors, especially the dear chap who did Raiden's voice... ugh.Anyway, great game with a number of frustrating issues courtesy of poor business decisions and the general ethical attidue of Konami, but all-in-all, it's wonderful fun and thoroughly entertaining."
76561197976175106,Recommended,287700,22969753,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Imaginary Killer,A completely unfinished game that still managed to be the best game that came out in 2015.
76561198076562051,Recommended,287700,22904204,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,BigBoss1313,"Gameplay wise, it is the most exciting and the maximum improvement from its predecessors. However, it could have been a nearly perfect game had the content (missing chapters) not been missing at all. Instead of new chapters, we get to repeat the same missions at higher difficulty, which can be considered as heavy grinding.Online is a lot of fun, can be a bit broken sometimes, but still fun! It's just really frustrating when you have new players who thinks MGO is like COD in 3rd person.Anyway, as a MGS fans, you'd probably already have this game in your Steam Library. Happy Playing!"
,Recommended,287700,23302688,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Fappin inthewind,"TL;DR: THIS GAME IS INCREDIBLY IMMERSIVE, AND SOMEWHAT EASY TO FOLLOW, EVEN FOR THOSE WHO HAVE NEVER PLAYED A METAL GEAR GAME BEFORE. 10/10When I first purchased this game on sale, I was a bit skeptical about whether I would like it or not. I had never played a game in the series, and the screenshots on the store page weren't really selling it for me. I actually didn't like the game for the first couple hours of gameplay, until I looked at the clock and found that I had been playing for over 6 hours when I only planned on playing for 2-3 hours. The developers did an incredible job of making the game immersive.Given the proper computer, the graphics are really good. I have yet to find a graphical error that catches my eyes.The hand-to-hand combat style is meh to me, but I realize that completely depends on how the player likes to play games. Personally, I love sitting on a hilltop and sniping the enemy. MGSV has really great weapons mechanics.The ability to develop different weapons makes the game exciting. I have never felt that MGSV is redundant and boring.Overall, this game is a 10/10 and I would recommend it to anybody who enjoys a good military RPG."
,Recommended,287700,23301071,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Crowdazzle,"Cconfusing story and repeating missions let this game down, but still a fantastic stealth game 8/10"
,Recommended,287700,23338632,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,AveZeuge,"first game i ever buy in steam.i've never played MGS game before, but TPP is defnitely great. recommended, especially if you buy it when it's in steam sale.(like i did)"
,Recommended,287700,23341629,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Darkly Beautiful Tokayev,Practically perfect in every way.
76561198038322229,Recommended,287700,17918481,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,vortex_99,I've never wrote an interwiev for a game never ever ! but this lucky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ deserves it !The best money i've spent on any game...Its just ♥♥♥♥ing perfect ! i had many ideas like how will it be ? Is it  worth ? etc...BUT ♥♥♥♥ it its my first metal gear game and im loving it ! its been 3 days i bought this game and i played 39 hours !!Just buy itoh and ♥♥♥♥ the guy who had the idea to put Hideo Kojima everywhere !
,Recommended,287700,17971399,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Андреич,A Hideo Kojima game
76561198041010915,Recommended,287700,24428733,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,maesla,It could not be better.
,Recommended,287700,24265196,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,SMUGWARE,This is Pequod arriving shortly at LZ.
,Recommended,287700,17937902,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,sanik,Game runs really nice on my pc. Beautiful game and gameplay runs nice. Only downside is the horse controls on the mouse and keyboard being clunky.
,Recommended,287700,24606705,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,marklangli888,Nearly perfect gameplay and storyline. Slightly confusing for those who don't understand the lore of the MGS universe.
76561198028300613,Recommended,287700,24302791,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ColdFusion,-starts the game-skips cutscenes and dives into the action-mission wants me to extract a skilled soldier-sees a sniper on the way-gets shot in the leg-sniper duel-shoots him in the head-screams to the monitor-GOTCHA!-turns out the sniper i killed was the person i was supposed to extract-lie down-try not to cry-cry a lot
,Recommended,287700,24581840,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Nerby,Splendid game with every small details well done. Truly Kojima's Masterpiece. Sadly Kojima parted ways with Konami... Hope he will make more MGS series..
,Recommended,287700,24510578,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Comrade Headcrab Pasha,+
,Recommended,287700,17941458,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,「 R 」,"***SPOILERS INBOUND***First thing's first, just so I can get this out of the way. The gameplay, and everything surrounding it is absolutely superb. It is so much fun to play, and it will keep you hooked on that alone for a very, very long time. Now onto the bad part so I can expand in detail what I liked and hated.For a ""Metal Gear Solid"" game especially, the story is almost non-existant, and extremely transparent. What is marketed to us through the trailers is 100% absolutely false. Actual revenge only happens in one scene, there are no child soldiers recruited by Boss, he does not kill children, and he's not a ""Demon"" as it were to be believed. Instead, they portray him as a good guy, a sort of hero, that hasn't really done much wrong, and doesn't give him any room to ""grow"" into the villian the original series set him up to be. Now, from a long-term veteran of the series standpoint, the game ends in nothing but what I can say is ""fine."" It's not great, and it is definitely the weakest game in the series in terms of story. Any long-term fan will absolutely be utterly disappointed. I say this because, the character you play as isn't even Big Boss. It is a ""Phantom"" created by Big Boss, Zero, and Ocelot. He was Boss' #1 soldier in MSF, the medic on the chopper when it blew up in Ground Zeroes. So among destroying the only characters left that are identifiable in the series for revenge, you learn you aren't even playing a character from the series. Big Boss cameos in this game for about five minutes, which is shown in the trailers. Which brings me to my next point. Every cutscene in the game with the exception of maybe 2-4, is in the trailers. If you watched every single trailer, you already see 95% of the story content in the game. Obviously a huge disappointment for a Metal Gear Solid title. That being said....The gameplay is so amazing it hurts. You feel the lingering ""phantom pain"" trying to play any other game because they just pale in comparison, from visuals to sound to straight up gameplay. Nothing feels as polished or innovative as this game. Nothing. GTAV's 260 million dollar budget couldn't even come close to this quality. It's an extremely well-crafted video game and it's only fault lies in it's story, otherwise it is essentially perfect. The purchase is very worth it as well. $60 got me 95 hours before I completed the game. I spent almost an entire week playing the game. That's how fun it is, and I'm only at 59% overall completion. The game is expansive, detailed, and gives you unlimited stealth or action possibilities. In short, it's a blast, and you most likely will not regret your purchase unless you are expecting the best story known to man, because this definitely falls short of even a ""good"" story.The replay value however, is insane, and the missions are very fun. That being said I can recommend this game, but not if all you care about is story."
,Recommended,287700,22186769,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ya boy charlie ii,"Even if you've never played a Metal Gear Solid game before, I highly reccomend this game."
76561198058674087,Recommended,287700,24114667,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Hubert Cumberdale,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, right off the bat, wqell, its incredible. From a design standpoint this is such an amazing stealth game. It is extremely in depth and tries not to leave any ""game logic"" loopholes uncovered. The diverse playstyles are amazing, you could beat a mission in ten minutes by running in and killing people, using cover and using the tools at your disposal to dispatch your enemies, you could use stealth and sneak by undetected, you could use a nonlethal approach, or spend an hour making tactical decisions. From a gameplay standpoint, this games only flaw is that the missions dont have much diversity in and of themselves, its often infiltrate this, extract that, but the game makes up for this in its incredible open decision making and diverse playstyles.However, there is only one thing wrong with it. As a stealth game, it met all, and even exceeded many of my expectations, but as a Metal Gear Solid game, it was slightly... dissapointing. It seems to be missing something. The flourish and personality that the old games have seems to be missing. Im not as in love with the characters and the story as i was with MGS3, some of the cutscenese seem a little bland and just take themselves a little too seriously and dont make me as involved and in love with the story."
,Recommended,287700,22504297,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Mossarelli,"After almost 60 hours into the game, I'm barely 50% complete and I'm enjoying the game very much. This is a 9.9/10 game and if every game in the future was as optimized, fun and interesting as MGSVTPP, we would have a real market of games to choose from.As a person that doesn't enjoy stealth games, you can enjoy this game too as the options to go guns blazing is there. You can be an operator tactically eliminating all enemies or be a Splinter Cell and subdue enemies silently. If you want to be true stealth, try to not touch any enemies in a mission. The game allows for this too and the cardboard box becomes the ultimate tool for your sneaking adventures. Some few missions forces you into combat to advance the plot cinematically, but I can forgive the game for that.The open worlds of Afghanistan, Africa and so on offers many tactical entries to every mission. Because the missions were designed by actual people/players, you get missions that are fun, challenging and rewarding. Your companions aids you in your battle. Quiet can snipe people from a long range and help you in sticky situations. D-Dog can mark all enemies that it sees or senses. D-Horse allows you to travel faster across the lands. And when you need to change gear or companion, a simple fulton extraction and paradrop will fix it within a minute.The game has little to no bugs. The few bugs you find are not game breaking and rather adds to the game itself. The game has a meta humoristic view of itself where as Ocelot will tell you how to use your gear and controls in the game as if the controls were part of reality itself. Soldiers can be tricked using posters and different gadgets which are hilarious in their own ways. If you don't like having the option to be unrealistic, you can always limit yourself by not bringing the different items to a mission. And by limiting yourself, you increase difficulty but is also awarded greatly in the end.There's no difficulty setting in the game except for the chicken hat menu option. Difficulty is increased based on your play style. If you shoot enemies in the head, they will begin to use helmets. If you avoid enemies, they will start using cameras. It's an elegant balance. To counter the difficulty, you send your soldiers on missions that sabotages the supply line of these difficulty enhancers.There's plenty of vehicles and weapons to customize and use. In Arma 3 we often joke about barbie dress up because the game has such plenty customization options. In MGSVTPP, you unlock weapon customization, buddy customization, vehicle customization, base customization, chopper customization and more. It's like your own MERC company simulator. You can even dismiss soldiers or send them on missions to level them up.For 60 EUR/USD, this game gives you more game for buck than any other Single player game out there. And after spending 100+ hours completing the single player campaign, you have MGO to play multiplayer in. It's worth every penny.Short note about graphics:I use an AMD HD 6970 and run the game in 1080p. The game is smooth, optimized regardless of graphic setting. The worst drainage is the Anti-Aliasing  setting, which you don't need anyway. You can play this game on a toaster on lowest setting and still enjoy the game.The only downside to the game is the obvious repetition that becomes apparent after 20 hours. But hopefully at that point you can upgrade your gear to the point where you can change your play style."
,Recommended,287700,23909627,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Aven,"I'd only recommend this game to anyone who is caught up on the previous titles. It's a great game, but please if you're thinking about getting it without any prior knowledge of any other Metal Gear game; please invest some time in them because it's worth."
,Recommended,287700,23621493,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Dr. Brule's Cool Brother,"I've always been a fan of Kojima and his MGS series, and I knew from the start that this game would be a blast.Needless to say, it's livedu p to my expectations and beyond. Not only is the stealth aspect the same old staple in the franchise like always, but there is a new level of depth added with the motherbase development system which makes for countless possibilites.There's a bit of a learning curve, but there's never a dull moment within the gameplay or story. This game is a must-buy."
76561197997669338,Recommended,287700,25368183,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[VLR]CannibalClark,10/10 GREAT GAME
,Recommended,287700,25310096,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mr. Miyagi,"Amazing 10/10-Everyting I could ever possibly ask for in a sequel to Mercenaries: Playground of Destruction - but with the Metal Gear candy-coating.>bea snek>be inna warzone>kill skrubs>abduct all MLG mercs>Steal ALL the things>call in air drops and chopper strikes>drivaround inna tank or jeep or watever>get a horse, dog, and cheerleader sno-scope MLG snooper>do missions for cash>do random side BS for cash>spend the cash on more weapons for to get the cash-See what I mean? ;)Have fun you reckless, stealthy homocidal psychopaths - my demon horn thingy is at full mast already. Yea bby!"
,Recommended,287700,25420611,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dawbsy™ is sad.,SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKESNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKEyou play 'snake' in this game
,Recommended,287700,25396773,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Duriah,"In terms of gameplay I find MGS V to be the crown jewel of the series. Third-person action/stealth has never been better. So many options. So many tools. So many approaches to any given objective. The precision of Snake's movements, whether adjusting from being prone, crouched or behind cover is extremely fluid and responsive. The open-world setting allows you size up any outpost, gauge resistance and use the environment to capture, rescue or assassinate your target. All the weapons and tech researched allows for a variety approaches: lethal or nonlethal, close-combat or ranged, air-support and/or buddy support as well as decoys and distractions. The ability to extract and recruit enemy soldier is addictive and to later seem them at Mother Base is even more rewarding. And what brings it all together is how quickly and smoothly you can adapt your playstyle according to any given situation. Emergent gameplay has never felt so cinematic and variable at the same time.Tactical espionage action at its best.The story itself it's hard to review as it's not for everyone. For starters it's very long. You’ll find yourself replaying previously completed missions later on in the story. Cut scenes are at an all time low compared to previous MGS entries with more emphasis on real-time combat and open-world travel. The rare cutscenes that did happen are visually stunning but also abstract as there is not much exposition. Audio tapes are scattered about to give additional info on characters and more in-depth backstory. This can be either very annoying or, as I felt it, gave Snake's journey a strange ambiance that is very unique. Kojima's indirect approach to storytelling left me with a haunted feeling throughout. It's a slow-burn that's initially hard to digest but the more time I've spent playing (and replaying) the more I found it to be a brilliant approach. But still not for everyone.Somehow 2015 released three of my all time favorite AAA PC games: GTA V, The Witcher 3 and finally MGS V. The original MGS was a redefining experience for me in terms of gameplay and storytelling when I was a kid. With each subsequent title Kojima and Company brought something new and unexpected to the table. A lot of hype surrounded Metal Gear Solid V but it did not disappoint. I loved the Phantom Pain."
,Recommended,287700,25395771,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Maxus,"It was a fun game but gets repetitive towards the end, especially If you want to complete it 100%."
,Recommended,287700,25361893,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Tb0ne,This game is freaking awesome and you do not have to be a fan of metal gear to enjoy it. This was the first metal gear game i really ever played and now i consider myself a fan. BUY THIS GAME NOW!
,Recommended,287700,17841841,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,wirelessdarkness,I'm two missions in and not quite sure how they're going to have nanomachines explain what the **** I've just seen.UPDATE 10/23/15: I'm now a hundred hours with all missions completed and **SPOILER ALERT**I still have no answers to my initial questions and no knowledge of what the **** Boss has been doing this whole time.
,Recommended,287700,17882379,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Astrocat,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287700,30439184,Posted: 10 March,all,zeeks pizza,🐍
,Recommended,287700,25393178,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,wolf_o_fate,"Great game. just dont touch FOB or metal gear online. dont even think about it. its a waste of time and resources.Also Konami we are all waiting on chapter 3.Also it should be called. metal gear solid: the resource pain. why is ""Common"" metal so hard to come by???? Fuel resources too. why???? i just want to develop a new arm!!!!!!! no wonder im a demon.(edit of 10/3/16)After sinking some more time into MGO and FOBs i have come to these conclusions,MGO:while i still think it should have never been included i shall judge it as a seperate game from MGS;TPP its hard for me to tell you what to think of it. Should you buy it just for MGO? No.However it is a nice little side dish if you will. i play it every once in a while, honestly it is just something you should try once you finish the story player first. it is fun at times but it isnt really the best thing in this game.MGO - 4/10 depending on (session, connection, skill of other players, etc. etc.)FOBs:Still a pain in the rear, but nothing you can do about it other than practice and grind. i would suggest getting some friends that would help support you. they are the best way to gain GMP and Resources depending on what part you infiltrate (shows what you get in bottom left of your iDroid) this is the best way i know of getting Resources in a short time, however you need to go lethal or lose. ive found there isnt really another option that is effective.FOBs - Need alot of practice. Still pain in rear no matter what you do.TL;DRMain game 9/10 - missing last of chapter 2 and the complete chapter 3.MGO 4/10 - Avoid. dont even consider it a part of the main game, literally just a side plate.FOB - annoying, pretty much the only way to alot of resources in a short period of time. get friends for defending you."
76561198079132523,Recommended,287700,20676058,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DELTAFORCE,One word:GREAT
76561198189871314,Not Recommended,287700,18206303,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Spodermen,"10/10 i enjoyed this game more than i have enjoyed life, 1/10 for the keyboard mapping.edit***do not buy this game... this is not a triple a game... each mission is a copy paste. its mediocre. not worth 79.99..  to sum up whatever im going to say: this video will give you a wide view about this trash.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuA9YRbq8f0&t=493s"
,Recommended,287700,24825501,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Numor,Story is legit trash. But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game sooooooooooooooooooooo fun. Boobed lady is op even tho I defeated her with air boxes.
76561198080767563,Recommended,287700,17956860,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,thepenguinodyssey,"I give my moneyNot for KonamiBut for yooooou (Kojima)In my timeThey'll be no one elseFulton, it's the wayI fly to youI'm stiiiiiiiiiiill in a dream Kojima"
,Recommended,287700,24143214,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Lonewolf,"Oh man, where do i begin?MGSV is without a doubt, one of the best games i've ever played.Metal Gear Solid Five is a blend of hardcore action, beautiful story layout, and character creation that really bonds you to the characters. Snake is the leader of Diamond Dogs, a corporation focused solely on fighting terrorists. Your main headquarters is a huge oil rig which is upgradable with different materials you can attain from completing main quests and side quests. You're given the option to customize you weapons or get new weapons which have multiple scopes, sights, camos, etc. The game is rewarding, as if you do side quests, you'll be able to unlock better weapons along the way, helping you to defeat bosses.There's multiple side characters to choose from to help you complete missions, from quiet, a deadly sniper, to d - dog, a trusty companion that you find out in the desert.MGSV is hours of straight fun, the graphics are mind blowing, and the game is not hard on PC's in the slighest. I recommend a decently good PC to play if you want to have the absolute best play through, but other than that, i hope you enjoy MGSV as much as i did."
,Recommended,287700,17865804,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Blackswitch,"Dark times ahead for the metal gear franchise.Glad they sent it off with a bang.Have game have sex with quiet when?Big boss doesent afraid of anythingA Hideo kojima career, summed up in one masterpeice of a game."
,Recommended,287700,17842616,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,King Harkinian,A Hideo Kojima Game10 Кодзим из 10.
76561198154996384,Recommended,287700,26694467,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mr.Gensin,"I've been a fan of the MGS series since number two, Sons of Liberty. That game got the tense sneaky hiding and running around avoiding enemies sight to get through the game. That's what I define as a good stealth game, and I hold this game to that same standard. Metal Gear Solid games are supposed to have that same tense cat and mouse feeling. I didn't quite get that feeling from this game. That's not to say it's a bad thing though, in fact, quite the opposite. With the realization that this isn't an against all odds, lone wolf in the dragon's den kinda game, the game really opens up. MGS2 was a good example of that kind of total shadows, whisper on the wind kind of game. MGS5 is about the culmination of the worlds best soldier building an army after he was decieved by his country. It's about the acension of a military power without God or country.Now onto the gameplay. Obviously a great many fans were upset about the lean towards what I'll call loud gameplay. I hear them now saying ""MGS is a stealth game, not a Rambo simulator!"" Normally yes, I would agree with this sentiment. MGS2 and MGS3 were much more enjoyable because they threw legions of soldier that were difficult to beat when you got caught. MGS2 was about infiltrating a terrorist attack to stop a nuclear threat. MGS3 was about infiltrating the Russian army to stop the Metal Gear from starting and winning a nuclear war. It made sense for those to be centered directly on stealth. It made you feel alone and outpowered, which made it super atmoshperic. MGS5 on the other hand is about a man growing an army, an entire military nation, and all the assets that come with it. You are not alone. It makes sense that you can be bold an take your problems head on. That's not to say that you have to do it that way, as I spent most of my 166 hours quietly sneaking around trying to find the best way to do my objectives while causing as little impact as possible. All the main mission were done quietly, without killing anyone that wasn't neccisary. That's not to say you have to do it that way. That's the beauty of this game. You get to choose. I did half of the side mission with loud equipment, favoring a semi-auto sniper to deal with most enemies from afar while a chopper took out the majority of enemies. What I'm trying to say is that the freedom of going in stealth or loud in this game not only makes sense, its fun and it works.One more thing before I end this. I've seen a lot of people harass this game because of its cinematic nature. I don't get that one. This is hands down the most dramatic and enthralling games ever made. Sure the insane amount of cinematic cut scenes in this can take up a lot of time. That makes this game good though. This game is like the best interactive movie of all time. I can't tell you how many times I told myself to stop playing because I had to go to sleep, but kept going because of a new developement. There is always something new and interesting to do. Even the side missions have some emotion to them.In conclusion, this is one of the best shooter games in history. It's cinematic centered style of story and gameplay are unique and investing beyond compare. The versatility of gameplay options are fun for new and old players alike. While is doesn't necissarily fit in with the other games in the franchise, the reason that it stands out makes sense in both the gameplay and lore aspects of the series. This is in my opinion one of the greatest games of all time, and has earned its place in my heart.10/10 would fail a mission several times again just to wear the chiken hat"
76561198028480010,Recommended,287700,17867291,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Revos Kalosa,"Beside the lag behind the emblem design mode. This game is awesome, The AI's are smart and they change their method every so often, (The AI's we mostly wanted in all PvE content, they said it was never possible, but Hideo Kojima proved otherwise.) Dispite the Maintenance going for a full day (03/09/2015) the game runs smoothly in gameplay.I have heard about some of the problems that other people have stated about blank screen's or crashes and so on.Some of them might not have the right hardware for the game. (But since some of the complaints are also on consoles it might be different, or they just have tampered Consoles to let them cheat. who knows.)As of so far, I had no crashes, no blank screen's, no issuies what so ever with the gameplay.I will not ruin the game for others by what I have played and seen, so find out for your self and behold the mind that is Hideo Kajima, we will never know what goes on in the crazy genius of the Metal Gear.I also noticed a few people with compaints about some of the controls. Sneaking can be done by holding Ctrl key, it's not an issiue, it's just most of the players. (you know who you are.) Are people who just do not take the time to look at the control settings to mark down the controls on how to play. All it takes is a click to controls and reading the list, no need to change anything, I can handle all the default bindings with ease which also includes the idroid or w/e that hand held thing is called.Anyway I hope you continue to enjoy this game as I am, and for those who are reading the Reviews before playing, you can watch me play onhttp://www.twitch.tv/revosofsparta. before you make your choise in buying the game, however you will be ruining your experiance in the game by spoilers. You have been warned.-------The amount of cheaters are increasing. A person named Bayle managed to enter the Core from the fourth Platform and just somehow run through everything (THis is going in a straight line toward the core not even trying to avoid the security I placed. He must be using some kind of Undetected cheat cause there no way he can avoid the camera's and guards placed when he moved in the open from the statement of the Record. This game needs to make a Anti-cheat program to Ban all the goram Cheaters who conduct unsporting cheats to win. So far I still recommend this game, however if the Online part of the game DOES NOT GET FIXED WITH ANTI CHEATING SOFTWARE! Then I do not see much of a hope for this game.(Bayle has done it again, two times in a row, he did not get caught and he just went STRAIGHT through everything, There is no way you can just run straight to the core with a heavy security without a single guard noticing. COME ON BAN THE ♥♥♥♥ING CHEATERS ALREADY KONAMI!!)"
,Recommended,287700,30279141,Posted: 2 March,all,KelnyTan,"Being a long time MGS fans, I've always wanted to play MGSV in my PC, and I was happy enough to see Steam selling this game. However, despite of the hype around the game initially, I somehow found the game pretty... meh near the end. Here I would like to point out some of my pros and cons:Pros:+Open World+While it's much more action based, it doesn't take off stealth element of from the game+A whole new gamplay where the players' actions will affect the course of the game+It gives the players the view how Big Boss (or in this case, Venom Snake) managed Diamond Dogs and eventually turned into Outer Heaven.+More interactive MSO (although there are several issues as well)Cons:-Boring, repetitive missions.-Boring Venom Snake, who is less talkative than Big Boss-Absence of boss units equivalent to MGS3's Cobra Units or MGS4's Beauty and the Beast Units, on the other hand, the Skull Unit's appearances as bosses are repetitive that you don't feel like playing MGS. Even Quiet is easier to be defeated compared to Sniper Wolf! The only forgiving boss fights are fighting The Man on Fire, although fighting him is not considered a main objective, and fighting Sahelantrophus!-The story was dull on Chapter 2, although it was full of interesting stories that could have been better explained if the game was really completed (yes, I didn't consider this game to be completed)-Incomplete (absence of Chapter 3)-The ending (To be honest, I had no problem with the ending, because I didn't care if the one I was playing was not BIG BOSS, and it made a reasonable excuse why the real Big Boss didn't die in Outer Heaven and reappeared in Zanzibar Land, but most would not take the ending well, so I put it as a con here)-My largest thumbdown to this game: Venom Snake's last encouter with Skull Face (Seriously, I wished Venom Snake would have argued against Skull Face's reasoning his plan to eradicate the English language, and that the player had chance to fight Skull Face! However, it left Snake and Miller shooting Skull Face and left him dying by himself in cutscene and ironically the one who delivered the finishing bullet was Huey, who had no real vendetta against him whatsoever!)While I still consider one of the great games I ever played, I can't consider it as one of the best MGS series I've ever played because of some cons I mentioned above. But still, it is a great game if you ignore or disagree with my views. And speaking of recommendation, I would like to recommend this series to the new players, although I would be happier if they play Ground Zeroes, the prologue, first before proceeding to this game, as the stories don't really require the new players to play the previous series (MGS3+MGSPW or any MGS series taking place after this one), as they're briefed in this series, but for the old players, I would leave it up to you, if you want to learn more about what happened after PW or Ground Zeroes, go on and play, but please don't expect it to be the same as either MGS 3 or 4, and you'll be pretty disappointed as I did, as this game no longer feels like MGS, but MGS mixed with GTA, but I'll leave the decisions to all of you to try playing this game."
,Recommended,287700,18008367,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Barbra Streisand,It's a better Far Cry 2 than Far Cry 2. It's an astonishingly complex systems-driven game that is worth playing even if you don't care about the series.
,Recommended,287700,17862441,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Beautiful Asian,Damn right it kept me waiting.
,Recommended,287700,17850860,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ROLY POLY!,"I played 16 hours of this in 1 day. I think that says enough, honestly. This game is amazing, would recommend it to anyone interested in open world games or who love stealth and action, or who are fans of Metal Gear.*EDIT*After beating the game, I can safely say that the gameplay is the best it's been in the series, for the most part. The story, however, is the worst it's been in the entire series. The entire ending was cut from the game, so you have to deal with a meh twist as the ending of the last game of such a story heavy series. If you planned on buying this strictly to experience the story, I honestly can't recommend it. However, if you just want a fun game to fill your time, this is still a fantastic purchase. I still recommend it as a game, but not as a Metal Gear experience."
,Recommended,287700,17908599,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Vinegar,"I usually dont play through single player games. However, this is one of those games that you really get drawn into. Its immense and diverse world is great to play through. Its not a perfect game, but it is a masterpieceeee."
76561198223682112,Recommended,287700,24451005,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,johnny5ive,4 out of 5 stars in my opinion.  some parts of animations and mechanics really bother me.  extremely addicting even though it lacks many things and movement/aiming is clunky and could have vastly been improved on.  i still play it.  worth the purchase.
,Recommended,287700,24457632,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The Legend Alpha Omega,"I've alway's liked the Metal Gear series, This one tops it's prequel Metal Gear Solid: Ground Zero's, On other systems Ground Zero isn't bad, but on the pc, it's a shoty port, it's interface is horrible and need's fixed up, it needs total controller support, but as I said, this is by far from Ground Zeros, this is a whole new game of MGS!"
,Recommended,287700,23493142,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Den glade pølsemager,The dog companion sucks
,Recommended,287700,17900744,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,aleph,gg
,Recommended,287700,17884747,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,nibbbers,shoutsout to kojima for letting me blast anime songs while shooting soviets
76561198035442923,Recommended,287700,17885873,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,GURNY GURNSTEIN,"Killed an entire platoon by blasting ""Take on me"" for 4 hours from a choppa! ... 10/10! would sing again!"
76561198095218733,Recommended,287700,17886796,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Dryyab,"Alright Here is the real review.In short, the gameplay is one of the best of the whole series but the story is, at best, lacking. When playing a MGS game, you used to feel a sense of tension, of importance, in this one well you feel something like being unleashed in a desert and free to go on a rampage with little to no importance.In this game, you save the world from a psycho, which is not what you used to do, in all of the earlier games, you saved your point of view from another one. There are references to what is going on with the patriots ( or cipher ) but have absolutely no interactions with them, which is a disapointment.This game was supposed to tie ends, instead it gives you more and simply gives an explanation to why you kill big boss twice in the 2 first titles, and gives a few more lose ends.All in all, the game is good and I do recommend it, but simply because the gameplay is good, it does not live to the legend of the Metal Gear series."
,Recommended,287700,17886919,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,BunnyLord,10/10 never seen anything like this... This is what a game should be like... I must say i have some bad CPU and I run everything high absolutly no problem... Outstanding job.
,Recommended,287700,17887563,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,✭ Søren  ✭,Never have i had a game where i can shoot up a base with rockets whilst riding a horse and a half naked plant woman sniper blow ppls heads off then call in a helicoptor and pick me up with Dead or Alive's Spin me round (like a record) Playing on Full blast on its speakers soo.... 8/8p.s Miller still hasnt played his damm fiddle
,Recommended,287700,17893768,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mingascon,This game is so polished its ridiculous. A work of art.10/10
76561197968152425,Recommended,287700,17896627,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Jimmy Laser,"I've never palyed an intro quite like this... wonderfully insane ,following a man around a hospital who has bare bum cheeks, its intense, horrific, violent and erotic .....11/10"
,Recommended,287700,17897752,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mega ;D,"Parasitemachines, son( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,287700,17910679,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,DOC,A Hideo Kojima Game10/10
,Recommended,287700,17952337,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ｂｅｐｉｓ ｄｏｇｇ,This game is # relatable
76561197977350566,Recommended,287700,17953439,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Siblyx,"Pros---------------------- 80's music- Hideo Kojima game- optimization is great- MOD MOD MOD MOD MOD pretty much everything to your likeing- ALOT of content ( at the time of this review +52 hours and only 33% into the game )- if you are a sadist well you are in luck!!! you get to beat your employees for moral boost and they will thank you for it :/- added buddies system- somewhat open world ( during missions you are confined to small parts of the map )- random "" WTF LOLOLOOLOLMAO !?! "" moments- alot of different ways to take on missions I.E sneak , glass the area with artillery , call CAS ( close air support ) , or use buddies, lastly mixture of all the above.- this is real Game of the year material ( unless fallout4 gets their♥♥♥♥♥in gear )Cons------------- mission are pretty much the same- bugs ( comes with being a new game )- if you are new to MGS world you should play afew of the previous MGS games or atleast MGS V ground zeroSidenote: i have not played online yet due to being hooked on main story and too buggy atm"
,Recommended,287700,17956040,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Big Boss x REvolvER OcELot,"stands under warning sign of falling boxes, box falls on my headwould get hit by box again 9001/10"
,Recommended,287700,17956412,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,The Frost Mizer,Handcuffed Quiet
,Recommended,287700,17856492,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,SouR PeNi5 M1LK,Nowhere left to Hideo.
,Recommended,287700,17856581,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Big Lark,Listen to me KonamiA Hideo ♥♥♥♥ING Kojima Game!BTW10/10Can't wait for mods for Quiet( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198061928587,Recommended,287700,17857268,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Hammer of Justice,One of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,287700,17858855,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ancient civilization,this game is awseome
,Recommended,287700,17880913,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sir Buttbumski,"Mission: Infiltrate into a village and eliminate the Soviet commander.>Start by running 2000+ meters to the village>Once there, got down on belly and scoped out the area with binocs>Start infiltration>Jump over 5 waist high walls>Reach Afghanistan desert style barn>Climb ladder to top of barn>See Soviet shining spotlight from top of barn>Tranquilizer dart in the back of his skull>ZZZ>Attach a balloon to his buttocks>He flies into the air and gets snatched by a plane>Continue infiltration>Cross the road and get into the village>Walk up to a house and get inside>Radio is playing Kids In America>F*ck yeah>Steal the cassette>Play Kids In America on my 1984 smartphone>Spot Soviet commander in the house>Tranquilizer dart in his right nostril>Carry him outside to a safe spot>Attach balloon to his family jewels>Escape the area>Receive S rank and bonus for extracting commander alive10/10 Would extract a Soviet commander from an Afghanistan village shooting tranquilizer darts in Soviet faces while blasting Kids In America again.But seriously, this is an amazing game. I was on the fence about MGS going open world but they made it work really well. Definitely recommended for fans of the series and people who enjoy stealth games that can become complete chaos if you get spotted."
76561198066236388,Recommended,287700,17883480,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Punished Shade,I shall become strong enough to SURPASS bigboss and become the BIGGEST bossBOSS BOSS BOSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,287700,17837876,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Smelly1sam,It's pretty good
,Recommended,287700,17931547,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Coil,BEST GAME EVER
76561197978092728,Recommended,287700,17894531,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Lewdie,What a glorious experience.
,Recommended,287700,17898576,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Taiga,youre the big guy you do things like sneaking or shooting people with dank gameplay that never gets old I love paying for videogames.
,Recommended,287700,23282383,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,pesnt,"The supressors break after firing roughly two bullets, which I find really helps when you're trying to be stealthy, as it challenges you to take out roughly 50 enemies purely by punching them in the back or by making them go to sleep so they can then wake up and alert the entire camp.Most realistic game I've ever played, would highly recommend."
,Recommended,287700,23544660,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ianpanz,Wish it could have been finished. Kojima Gear Sold V is pretty good though. 9/10
76561198010741630,Recommended,287700,23524091,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Xylord,"One of the most beautiful games I've ever played, with a perfectly fine-tuned, complex and fun gameplay the likes of which I've rarely seen. Best stealth game yet for sure.Also very good as an MGS game, but I recommend you to lower your expectations for the ending, which had to be quite fairly significantly. It is still satisfying, but as an MGS fan, it was hard to swallow this was the last MGS game.Still a 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,287700,23661327,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,de_pressed,"Hide in a box, enemies don't see you.Best AI 10/10"
76561198027022395,Recommended,287700,23809865,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ninjaki,It's aight.
76561198005199485,Recommended,287700,17962384,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Natiel,This game is just sooooooo good!!!
76561197965604512,Recommended,287700,17837538,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Dothi,A Hideo Kojima Game
76561197973954966,Recommended,287700,23746799,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Chronrod,A really good stealth action game. I enjoyed this game immensely and I would gladly go back and complete it again. Well worth the 60 bucks.
76561198017263104,Recommended,287700,23788421,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,BodyBag_Rule,"Masterpiece! One of the ""must have "" games"
76561198201639325,Recommended,287700,22374167,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Xtreme254,Thumbs UP!!!
,Recommended,287700,22534208,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Ravie27,"Undeniably an accomplished game.  It looks good, controls very well, and there's a genuine sandbox approach to how you play through (most) of the missions in the game.  However it is also ridiculously bloated, in various different meanings of the word, and would've been a much better game if it were scaled down a bit.  It got really tedious and frankly towards the end I just wanted to be done with it. Here are some of the reasons it bogged itself down, imho:Story's huge and overly-complicated; story telling is poor with most of it done through hours of audio recordings; revisiting the same places eventually becomes annoying; world map is large, difficult to traverse, and really boring in between the bases; flying in (and out) of missions and watching the helicopter cutscene hundreds of times is frustrating; menus are terrible; mechanics of FOBs and PF battles, etc are really unclear; The story really outstays its welcome, despite the fact that a bunch of it was cut from the final game; oh yeah - the game is ♥♥♥♥ing UNFINISHED; navigating the motherbase is a chore; certain parts of the story which require you to fanny about with your staff of HUNDREDS of people in♥♥♥♥♥♥menus was an absolute joke; having to wait up several hours real time to develop items and stuff was wearisome; I could go on...The more I think about it, there was actually a lot to dislike about this game, so I guess it speaks volumes about how good the core gameplay is that I still enjoyed it.  I spent 60 hours with MGSV, completing 52% of the game, and not even touching the online mode, but at this stage I am totally burned out with it."
,Recommended,287700,17917868,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Wobbly Bot,"One of the best games I have ever played.Heavy emphasis on gameplay, which is deep and extremely well thought out.Story will keep you in the main missions as well, genuinely feel dread when the ""Credits"" before each mission starts and I see a certain person/group. No other game has been able to keep me this enthralled since Fallout 3.It's an amazing game, and you will love it even if you aren't a massive fan of the franchise."
,Recommended,287700,22699020,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Aurokai,"The game in general i'd give it a 3/5. Why? Because I played it expecting more towards late game. Sure they still gave you missions to do but you are given missions  that are challenge missions (such as replying a mission you have done but in pure stealth), they could have put those into a challenger option in the menus instead of mixing it in with all the story missions.Pros:Gameplay is exceptional if this is your type of genre.Captivating story.Open-world MGS.Loads of weapons +gadgets.Cons:I dont think Kojima was given the time needed to complete it.Grinding for materials.Waiting for timers."
,Recommended,287700,23384439,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Alan,"Note: I first played this on PS4 when it released, then purchased it again on Steam when it went on sale, so you can add ~60 hours to my playtime here.It goes without saying that MGSV has its problems. It's unfinished to a point of embarassment. Its missions boil down to variations of ""destroy this"", ""capture that"", ""kill/extract this person"". Boss fights are nearly absent, with the ones that are there being completely uninteresting in both narrative and gameplay. Also, while I usually don't get too overbearing with my opinions on the portrayal of women in video games (though completely acknowledge that work is needed there), Quiet is honestly something the writers/developers should be ashamed about. The justifications for her being the way she is in this game are just silly. It would have been less weird if they had simply said ""we wanted to sell more copies"". Part of the reason it fails so hard is because this is following MGS3's (my favorite of the series) The Boss, which is quite possibly one of the best portrayals of a female character in a game. How do you manage to fall so hard after that?Simply put, this just isn't a Metal Gear.However...That being said, in terms of pure mechanics, this game is on another level compared to other stealth games. There are so many systems in play, each of which have direct impact on everything you are doing at any time. From simply sitting in the ACC to infiltrating enemy territory, nearly every second of the game past the title screen has significant impact on the overal system. Given how much of a MG fanboy I am (and believe me, I am), the fact that I can still recommend this game despite all of the criticisms I gave before should speak to how strong and interesting the core gameplay is, even if it is just doing the same thing over and over. I just doesn't get old."
,Recommended,287700,23490661,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,XG-PRO,"This is a unique game. Everything inside it is unique. I have already become addicted to his game and I have to say, you definitely have to check it out!What I really like is the perception of choice. You can choose to play the game stealthily, or hack 'n' slash like. You choose, but there are certain penalties and rewards for each action taken.In a way, this game is epic for me, but it has some problems in it. So here are some pros and cons:Pros:1: you get to choose between playing stealthily or start wwiii2: You have your own base which you are responsible for and build by your own via playing and exploring the game. The more you explore, the better for you.3: You have a wide variety of weapons and their physics and aiming are very realistic (in my opinion) which you can upgrade on next grades, but have to build your mother base further on developing new ones.4: You open in a small variety of big area maps which are open world, filled with side OP missions if you don't want to straight finish the whole game and pass your time exploring and recruiting new staff.5: You can get to your mother base as a recruit literally anyone, but not everyone will have the same abilities as others and on the same factors. There are many grades that soldiers and recruits are divided to.6: You have a wide variety of different factors on your mother base, each serving a different purpose and is able to level up on their job and expand themselves for allowing more recruits to join in. This happens for every factor and is essential to the game.7: You have your own personal buddy from the start of the game, the D-Horse which us basically an animal tank for me and your best friend.8: You can request from your mother base supply drops for anything, even cardboard, and you can get your own personal helicopter request and bombardment request which are basically infinite and make the impossible possible through the game (even beating the skulls in the first missions)8: The whole story is a masterpiece. Personally I haven't skipped a single cutscene. And if you haven't played any other MGS game, don't worry, the most vital parts of the story are explained throughout original story. Even how Snake got the name ""Big Boss"", which can be heard by your hunchmen's talking in the mother base9: You can notice from the first bits of Thrace. The graphics are just stunning, and spectacular. Ecstasiastic10: Oh Hideo Kojima, what a beautiful gift you gave us, the perfect dream, QuietCons:1: Basically, if you play the game correctly, even if you get more than 100 hits in one mission, you won't die and later pretend nothing ever happened. This is very unrealistic as well as the serious injuries part, which don't make any sense on Snake surviving in any way2: If you have the correct armor and lie down like a snake, even if a soldier come and sees you from 1 meter away and had his Flashlight pointed at you, if you don't move and play stealth mode, he will ignore therefrom person living on the plain ground with some heavy guns on his back bugger than him.3: The controls can't sync quite fast. This happens mostly with the D-Horse when stopping on a rock, but on Snake too. i mean, it's annoying that when the character reaches a standby phase of the character while cancelling an action that then he can't move although Shift and W are pressed together. The character will remain on the same position. This has happened to me way to many times.4: Afghanistan and Africa (where I've been till now). Ideal places for war, people chasing each other in the desert or jungle, ALL DAY. Does Snake even sleep?5: The whole Fulton idea is just wrong.I mean you can't find something realistic for ""extracting"" in a fast paced game but, just come one. Applying a balloon over literally anything another vanishing in the air just doesn't make any sense. The efunny is that any other soldiers rarely ever notice and when they do they say &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ not him too!"" Like wow, how realistic would it be sending someone miles away with a 0.5 meters Balloon.Weplwhatever all I say till now. Conclusion? The cons are literally nonsense cauz they absolutely do not affect the whole awesomeness of the game. This is a unique game as I said, a masterpiece and a story for each mission. You will love it, just get it already!"
,Recommended,287700,23475146,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Cheat,prty gud
,Recommended,287700,23251568,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dongurd,The Ultimate Stealth-Action ExperienceThis game has the best stealth-action gameplay I've ever experienced. Very smart AI and a ton of deep mechanics make MGS V almost infinitely replayable.I also greatly enjoyed the story and the characters. And that is depsite the story being apparently unfinished.If you like your games with very polished and complex gameplay -you cannot pass MGS V.
,Recommended,287700,23425698,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Counter Breaker,"Waiting simulator 2015. That said, it's still a really fun game."
,Recommended,287700,23407027,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Z3LTR4,Great game
,Recommended,287700,23250725,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Toritaku,"This is the best game ive played in a long time, the gameplay is flawless, even if the gamepad contolls are crap. My only issue with the game is that it doesnt feel like a metal gear game, i never found the goofy, self aware, overly complex story found in most other metal gear games, but overall the story is decent, the gameplay is brilliant but it shouldnt be a metal gear game."
76561198073071533,Recommended,287700,22992346,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Sir Harksalot,Wonderful game so far.
,Recommended,287700,23011696,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Dorito Man Brandon,"Best game of 2015. Such great gameplay and fun story although it is unfinished. Online is fun, FOB infiltrations are cool, there's countless things you could do in the game. BUY IT. DEFFINITELY worth it."
76561198056925207,Recommended,287700,22651755,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Themintmatt,"MGSV is full of fiddles, people with lusts for revenge, people burning up and people who are already demons. It also contains people who photosynthesize and wear no clothes, homo-erotic cowboys, (mooing?) robots with fallace cannons, dogs with eyepatches, R2-D2 on steroids, a mix of iPhone and Android, naked people in MGO, hackers in FOB, and a rockin' 80's soundtrack9/10 It's an honour to be held in your iron grip Boss!Did I mention the guy with the skull for a face? Or the man on fire? (who is aptly named, as he is on fire)"
76561198030126417,Recommended,287700,17946769,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ewan45,"The download has finally finished (20.5GB) and I've started the game tonight.First impressions are that, the graphics are really impressive in the new FOX engine, they've really outdone themselves this time.It's truly amazing how many different ways you can complete a task in the game, and just like the developers said at the beginning it is truly a game which allows you to explore your own way of doing things rather than just follow a set path, which I think will give hours of additional gameplay for me.Whilst waiting to get the game up and running I've been reading about the back story, the game's development, and having a look at some of the you tube links to the game which are again impressive in themselves.Will this really be the last of the series, and the last of Snake though?I found one particular set of posts interesting and funny, and they gave a good representation of the game. I don't know if it's against the rules or not, but I'd recommend people have a look at DarkHatrid's channel whilst waiting for this huge game to download.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYGltugKJNRcQ910R-wVyfgThis chap is a gamer with a difference, yes he's producing walkthroughs, but his voiceover is comical in places, and kept me interested. Going by his channel, he's one of these with an eye for detail, and has been picking up on glitches in games too, which could come in handy for fellow Steam users.Speaking of which there is a glitch thats been announced by the developers, there is a glitch with the game. You can't take Quiet with you on missions 29 and 42, as it causes a save corruption and crashes the game! A fix is being worked on, but it affects all platforms at the moment.http://uk.ign.com/articles/2015/09/08/konami-issues-metal-gear-solid-5-save-corruption-warningI'll update this further when I've played more of the game..."
76561198049330218,Recommended,287700,17938123,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Levy Bessy,A damn fine way to end the series.. Definitely gonna miss it all.. Right in the feels :/
,Recommended,287700,17946617,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Ron Swanson,worth every dollar!!!!!!!!10/10GOTY.
76561198010632882,Recommended,287700,17934719,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Tiimalasi,THIS IS WHAT A GAME IS SUPPOSED TO BE!THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!the story is greatthe action is greatthe sneaking system and the enemy ai is the best! this is not an splinter cell blacklist/conviction easy mode sneakingGET THIS GAME RIGHT NOW
,Recommended,287700,17913046,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,C̸h͡a͏f̢o͜u͞x͠,Tactical Infiltration at his finest :miller:
,Recommended,287700,17887564,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zadeon,Really good game11/10
,Recommended,287700,17903589,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Yggdrasill,"Graphically and Atmospherically Supreme, Exquisite gameplay, Customization and control in tow, Demands Intelligence of it's player, always. Height of the series, and best stealth game ever. Masterpiece."
76561198149677548,Recommended,287700,17903248,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Flick,"This is in fact one of the best Metal gear solid games i ever played.....no, let me rephrase that. This is the best game i ever played, and ive played a wide variety of games. Its literally flawless, and breath-taking. Words cant describe how much i love this game."
76561198061695649,Recommended,287700,17893182,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,deceres,10/10 i just shot my own horse
,Recommended,287700,17951864,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Wowzer,"Has amazing gameplay and a ton of content but the story poor and pretty badly spaced out in all honesty. I was looking forward for a supposed story about the downfall of big boss but it instead goes in ridiculous directions, even by metal gear standards. For what is possibly the last metal gear game directed by Kojima, it unfortunatly leaves you with a phantom pain."
,Recommended,287700,17831817,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Hound,A Hideo Kojima MovieA Hideo Kojima NovelA Hideo Kojima GameA Hideo Kojima MasterpieceA Hideo Kojima Legacy
,Recommended,287700,17837809,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,RetroNutcase,"A Hideo Kojima Game?More like a Hideo Kojima Masterpiece.Runs incredibly well on my somewhat under-spec by todays standards rig-i7 3ghz Quad Core-16 GB Ram-Geforce GTX 680 running outdated drivers (Because Nvidia can't make stable ones to save their life now)It took everything good from Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker, which was the first Metal Gear ambitious enough to go beyond the standard linear cinematic game formula of prior MGS titles, and go to into Open World territory without forgetting what makes it Metal Gear.Again. A Hideo Kojima Masterpiece."
76561198062559396,Recommended,287700,17858850,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Daemon,"Best game I've played in a very long time. Easily a 10/10. The immersion, open-world concept and art/graphics is beautifully done. Everything about this game is done correctly. For every dollar you spend on a game, you should expect to be getting the same amount of gameplay hours. This game offers that and PLUS+!Hands down Game of the Year. Worth every penny!Can't wait for Metal Gear Online 3!"
76561198055849665,Recommended,287700,17856569,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Kritter XD,"Oh my god this game is HUGE!I can approach a target any way I like, any time I like, anywhere I like.I can play a mission slaughtering everyone, or I can play it without killing a single one (though they'll be terrified)I can make Mother Base MY base.In other words, I can play this game MY way, and I love it for that.How will you play The Phantom Pain?"
,Recommended,287700,17839547,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Destructively Ironic,I'm only a couple hours in and this is already some of the best storytelling I have ever seen in a game.
,Recommended,287700,25199578,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ＳＣＯＴＴＺＯＲＺ 「BITE ZA DUSTO」,"If you go in to this game expecting a Metal Gear Solid type game, you'll probably be disappointed. The story isn't nearly as rich as its predecessors, but the gameplay is more than fun enough to more than make up for its pitfalls.This is one of the funnest single-player games I've ever played. Definitely worth picking up in a steam sale. You can judo flip children, kidnap sheep with balloons, have your pirate dog taze Russians, punch people with a rocket propelled metal fist, and call in air support playing ""You Can't See Me"" (or whatever custom songs you want to load in). If the biggest complaint I have about a game (after putting in 70+ hours into it) is that I wanted more, then that says they did a good job making this game.The online (Metal Gear Online) kinda sucks, though, unless they've fixed it in recent months. It seems reminiscent of a generic shooter online. You're not missing out on much if you don't play it, and many would question who was looking for an online game when purchasing an installment of MGS. The online feels tacked on to the main game much like the story campaigns are tacked on to Battlefield games past Battlefield: Bad Company 1/2. The other online mode is basically you just invading people's bases (and vice versa) to troll them and steal resources for your base in your story mode. Last I checked, it was full of blatant hackers so... good luck getting that Disarmament achievement.This is definitely a solid game, that is worth the buy. It has its flaws, but it is easy to look past them. I look forward to the next installme- oh wait Konami is just making a zombie game, nevermind. Kojima, please port Naked Reedus to the PC so I can look at his♥♥♥♥♥in 4k."
,Recommended,287700,23990081,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Vanquish,"Great single player game, with solid storyline, except that the story does not seem complete. Youtube would have shown you additional end content which was in the game but not implemented, indicating a not so complete game. There are repetition of a number of missions too for the second half of the game, which are basically stronger and tougher enemies, but everything else does not differ much from the first time you do the mission.Multiplayer aspect of this game is a joke, and it is designed as money grab from the developer.These are the 2 unlikable aspects of the game. If you are okay with these 2 aspects of the game, I must say that MGSV: The Phantom Pain is still a blast, and hence the thumbs up."
,Recommended,287700,23407429,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Hacker Boy,THEY PLAYED US LIKE A DAMN FIDDLE
,Recommended,287700,26625097,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Frank Jaeger,♥♥♥♥ konami
76561198091379678,Recommended,287700,27572054,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,shiro0996,"One of my Favorite franchises, loving the game so far!!!"
76561198128227311,Recommended,287700,19392647,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,HOSTILE,Fantastic game
,Recommended,287700,20363621,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,=(e)= a tiny cactus,"10 hours into the game... 4% completion. 10/10 would spend whole life finishing this game.But seriously, it's long, hard, and not a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's fun, engaging, challenging, looks beautiful, and is well-polished. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes a challenge or just very stealthy gameplay in general."
,Recommended,287700,27660864,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tyko,"The plot is a bit wierd sometimes, but that's what makes it so good"
,Recommended,287700,18007989,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,RangaD,I love the freedom it gives you. You can do anythiinnnngggg.
,Recommended,287700,28170512,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Abhishek Holmes,"I bought this game since it got 10/10 on some website. ( The previous game that I play for 10/10 was witcher 3 and it was greatest game ever !! ) This the first MGS that I am playing, and this is just...bang...it hits you at right part of brain. Even my family members ( who can't see any difference between PC and Mobile Gaming ) were impressed by it. Excellent game so far."
,Recommended,287700,17838585,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ralkal,A Hideo Kojima Game
76561198106559004,Recommended,287700,18405542,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,okyman,"After this game, i want to buy the rest so i can know the whole story....   huge mindufck btw.   be prepared."
,Recommended,287700,17930478,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,deathride58,"*completes mission*""Mission complete- and HOW?""*completes another mission*""Mission complete- and HOW?""*completes a hard mission*""Mission complete- and HOW?""10/10 would s-rank almost every mission without trying again""Mission complete- and HOW? They're gonna tell stories about this one, boss!"""
,Recommended,287700,30354684,Posted: 6 March,all,Cony,"This game may be unfinished, but it allows me to live out my fantisies of punching donkeys and zebras and being rewarded for it. 9/10"
76561198067372342,Recommended,287700,17842698,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,TheD3rp,I have played this game for 16 hours.I also have only completed 11% of it.10/10.
,Recommended,287700,17843735,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Shiny Umbreon,"Yes. Yes, you do have to play the other games to understand the story. No. No, I'm not going to explain the story to you.Mainly because I don't understand it fully myselfA fitting end to a series that might never come back. We won't scatter your sorrow to the heartless sea.Kiefer Sutherland out of David Hayter.Kept you waiting, huh?"
,Recommended,287700,17828432,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Zone FNF,"Amazing detail all around, great atmospheric prologue, still some effy console conversion but overall great. Check out the hour long prologue below:https://youtu.be/mGr9-3hQBDI?t=15s"
,Recommended,287700,17828658,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,P- Pent Way,Oi !!!This game is good.buy now !!
,Recommended,287700,17861549,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,$W4GK!NG,Best Game Ever!!!PLZ DONT LEFT US KOJIMA SENPAI!! ;-;
,Recommended,287700,17863027,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,theunrealanswer,I have work in three hours.But liberating Afghanistan comes first.
,Recommended,287700,17848976,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Hassel,"After 20 hours of gaming, I do love this game.Like, I found a tape that had a recording of a soldier with an upset stomach, and the whole tape is filled with his moaning in the toilet and when the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the water.So now I can run around killing people while listening to someone taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197970990862,Recommended,287700,24909754,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,devi1dog,How often do you see a game where you kidnap soldiers to build your own army? Konami should port the rest of the MGS games to the PC.
,Recommended,287700,28536972,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Comrade Comski,"-----There's very little content in Ground Zeroes to justify buying it by itself, which is why I'm recommending you buy the definitive edition of MGSV, which has both GZ and The Phantom Pain, as well as all the DLC. It costs as much as the TPP base game, so there'e no reason not to get the definitive edition over either of the games.-----When I first played the game, I had serious issues with performance. The framerate was low, and the game stuttered like it was at a mental hospital. A lot of people are having this issue across the internet, and there seem to be several different solutions. What worked for me was turning off the Steam overlay. Tuning the settings did surprisingly little. Metal Gear Online, however, still does not work and I can't play it due to performance issues up the wazoo.-----The game itself is still fun. It's pretty much Ground Zeroes but with some slight changes and more content. Even though the open world of Afghanistan is pretty big, the outposts and bases can seem very similar and they're not as well designed as Camp Omega. I'm still enjoying the game alot, and I love the mother base aspect of it, where you can build and customize your base and army, by collecting resources and kidnapping soldiers on the field. It creates a real incentive to not kill people, as opposed to just earning points. The graphics and animation quality are superb, as well as the lighting. The Fox Engine is a fantastic engine that can even run on toasters like mine, and it's a shame it will never be used to its fullest extent because Konami has it and they've recently decided that making decent games is just too hard."
,Recommended,287700,27359529,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CosmicRupee,My Snake is so solidafter i saw Quiet
76561198299920403,Recommended,287700,26701155,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,✪ Pepe-Bizon,"Best Metal Gear yet buy it dude trust me ya gonna like the base building, staff upgrading and most of all the Tactical Espionage Operations. :steamhappy:"
76561198038694422,Recommended,287700,28057987,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Aqua Pupper,"I cannot get over this game, although the online aspect sucks, the story blew my♥♥♥♥♥♥off"
,Recommended,287700,27565051,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Denko,"Ok this game is good and all, but it's like Kojima watched LOTR: Return of the King and thought ""I like how this movie has a bunch of endings but it doesn't end"". He liked the idea so much that after 3 or 4 endings the game keeps going and then just stops. The last ending was cut from the game. You're replaying a mission you've already done but in ""extreme"" mode and then the game just doesn't give you more.Speaking of missions the design and balance goes out the window in the later missions, it's like they stopped paying attention. I like the idea of replaying old missions with new constraints but when they're used in place of new story missions I feel a little cheated.Game is still real fun though. Plenty of options for tactics and approach to missions, an incredibly weird, serious and ridiculous story, a cast of lovable rogues and you can airdrop trucks onto stuff. I think Snake says like 3 lines in this whole game."
,Recommended,287700,28088421,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ishigami^[C]^,Another Master Piece From Hideo Kojima. It's no surprise.
76561198125241623,Recommended,287700,27916186,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bepis,Its like Skyrim with guns
,Recommended,287700,27438077,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nanoda!,"""Why are we still here? Just to suffer?""Most realistic simulation of the medical term, Phantom Pain out on the market."
,Recommended,287700,27825490,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zeimaster,"MGS V is a unique game in the metal gear series that put more effort in gameplay then the story.Altough the story is in my opinion still enjoyable even with the flaws it has that I will not spoil.The gameplay is what it's all about, sneaking around the sandy mountainous region of Afghanistan to infiltrate a native village occupied by the Soviets on your terms, those bieng either non-lethal sneaking or simple heavy duty weaponry lighting up the night sky, or the day if you fancy that.Altough basebuilding is not what everyone likes MGS V does a.. decent job at making it enjoyable with Big Boss bieng able to go anywhere on his Oil Rig base with numerous small things to reward small bonusses.I would rate this game with a 8/10."
,Recommended,287700,27698985,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JDLT,I've played and bought this game on three different consoles and PC. Best use of my time for my favourite series since 1998!
,Recommended,287700,27535037,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,peepee doodoo,"we didn't deserve a finished game, anyway"
,Recommended,287700,29724805,Posted: 5 February,all,Hippie Gamer ☮,"In Metal Gear Solid 2 Ocelot throws the entire story out the window. Also, for some ♥♥♥♥ing reason Ocelot glued liquids arm on and now his arm mind controls him. It also changes his voice actor to the one for liquid, this confuses snake so much that his head literally explodes.Now that Snake is dead forever. You have to play as gay raiden, a big stupid crybaby losers who doesn't even smoke. This time you have to infilitrate a remote military compound called Metal Moses, which was captured by a group of genetically enhanced genome super-soilders.Raiden fights a magic vampire wizard then the wizards head pops off to reveal that he was actually solid snikes brother solidus snake, a super-cell-nano-con-mega-soilder cloned from the same nanomachines that created Solid Gear. Also he is is the president of the united states. ""Brother, I am the KING OF THE PIRATES"". Turns out Gas Snake is the leader of a deadcell nano-centro-processor duonamic simbafu group called The Sons of the Guns of the Patroits. tmYou see it turns out that everything so far was completely staged and fake. Liquid Snake was never the true ring leader at all, but was answering to Solidus Snake the entire time who was the biggest bad guy of them all. But then he gets double crossed by Ocelot who is actually Liquid who was actually a quadruple agent the whole time. and the biggest most evil bad guy of them all.But Smetal Snake saw it coming all along and reveals that he is actually a proxy ai created by the patriots 1000 years ago, but Solidus reveals that Rayden has information that is being carried by the nanomachines in raydens cerebral cortex. You see ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rayden is actualy a robot this whole time, working for le-lu-li-lo-la-la-low and the patriots but he didnt even know it because of the matrix.So Rayden chops of doctor octopus's head off and becomes the president of the united states, but Solid snake was alive all along and goes back in time to the 1960s so he can blow up Metal Gear Solid before it was even created.Unfortnuately he was too late, Ocelot also went back in time and shot metal gear ron into the the future with his future gun.so metal gear snake has to shoot back into the future but now its so many years future hes old as♥♥♥♥♥♥ even though hes died from old age he has to defeat a group of renegade genome super-soilders known as the Sons of Foxhound. Liquid Ocelot who is now being mind controlled by 30 different double-agents through his left leg, turns off all the guns in the world so that nobody can ever shoot anybody ever again, in turn saving the entire world. So snake beats him to death.the end*guest starring big boss*Big Boss : very convincing, but all completely wrong, you see snake turns out everything that ever happened was fake and staged by the super-patriots, the patriots were just a pawn and a reverse-triple agent working for solidus snake, but when he found out they were working for him he double crossed his own self in order to make himself work for them to trick them into being a triple reverse agent for his own self. hewas also a rogue proxy ai and a nanomachine you see snake shadow moses wasn't a remote nuclear warhead facility at all, it was actually a humongous on switch for the biggest metal gear in the world, metal gear herman. A metal gear so powerful that is so powerful that everything in the entire universe is not even existing anymore. You see snake Liquid Ocelot was actually my mother.It all started when i was in office as the president of the c united states i discovered remnants of an ancient-nanograde-genome-supercon-simbafudrive--metal-gear which was a quintrople agent working for every country in the universe - on the moon.he was also a rogue-ai and the leader of the super patriots."
,Recommended,287700,26975969,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jeb,Brilliant game. Shame It was released pre-mature.
,Recommended,287700,29138305,Posted: 9 January,all,eyjafjallajökull,SNAKE? SNAAAAAAAAAAKE
,Recommended,287700,28934806,Posted: 2 January,all,TheArkady,Fun as heck.
76561198147916901,Recommended,287700,28877161,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Punjab Pulsss,"I just wish that Konami gave more time to Kojima to completely finish this game and end metal gear series on the highest note.. Gameplay wise there is absolutely no equal to MGS V TPP, not splinter cell, not assassin's creed or withcer 3 (all fantastic games by the way)... Gameplay is out of this world... amazing buddy system and building your own army.The only thing this game lacks is bit of creativity in terms of its complicated story line and some of the missions on repeat. Thanks to Konami not giving Kojima more time to finish this game and ultimately firing the director. Without Kojima there is no metal gear. He's the brain child behind the franchise.The only reason it wont win the highest gaming award is cuz of Konami asking Kojima to release an underpolished product. Gameplay wise the best MGS no doubt, story could have been better though... not saying its not good, i still enjoyed as I am a metal gear fan, i've played every single game in the series, but for new comers to MGS the story might not be that appealing and confusing... but again make no mistake with the flawless gameplay.. Definitely a must have game!"
,Recommended,287700,28638578,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Not Dante,"Intro is slow as balls, but once you get past that it's gud. MGO is dead unless you have friends to play with.EDIT: MGO is not dead. Just bad luck. The game gets really repetitive after a while so if you like running around in the dessert, waiting an hour for stuff to build, and you don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the plot like me, then get it."
76561198323400633,Recommended,287700,28571109,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,#BLESSED,just buy it
76561198075128435,Recommended,287700,27673796,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Empro,"This game is a masterpiece hands down! If You haven`t played it yet, what are You waiting for? Even if You are not a mgs franchise fan like me and You dont know the story it is fine trust me You will have as much fun, and after playing this You will look for previous titles no doubt about it, it is just THIS GOOD!Long live Kojima, konami can suck it!"
,Recommended,287700,17932473,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Gang Orca,"As someone who has little experience in the Metal Gear Solid series, this game is easy for anybody who is new to the series to enjoy. It's great gameplay, interesting story, and all of it's extra features are enough for any fan or newcomer to have an amazing experience."
,Recommended,287700,17857253,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,vynle,"Having never played a Metal Gear game in all of my life, and shunning almost every japanese game, I have to say this is pretty good. This game has something for everybody it seems.  It is an open world, stealth, third person/ some first person, base building and managment kind of game. You get a horsey and a doggy too. It feels similar to Assassin's Creed but as a shooter.  Graphics are good too, but that never is a major selling point with me.  The game lets you play the way you want.  If you want to airdrop into an enemy base, and use the helicopter's gatling gun to turn some Soviets into fine paste the game will let you do it.  The story gets a little weird in some parts, probably because I don't know the story too well, but I easily look past those moments.This was the game I never knew I wanted, but am glad to have purchased."
76561198138196999,Recommended,287700,17870104,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,☮Shad0w☮,I am kinda an addict to this game thats why my hours XD.Highly recommend this game for non metal gear fans and fans ofc aswel.Endless stuff to do.Kojima did this sooooo good.Thank u Kojima for this game :D
,Recommended,287700,17961049,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Fëanor,Very good optimalization.
,Recommended,287700,17892286,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,HardwareDoc,<3
,Recommended,287700,17844019,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ragged,"♥♥♥♥ing, masterpiece, if you have the money to get this game, and your not sure what to spend it on, you have no excuses to buy this, the gameplay is amazing, graphics are outstanding, and it leaves a very refreshing taste."
,Recommended,287700,17925494,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dev,Abduction simulator
,Recommended,287700,17838282,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Adriangabs,"Standing on the edge of the craterLike the prophets once saidAnd the ashes are all cold nowNo more bullets and the embers are deadWhispers in the air tell the talesOf the brothers goneDesolation, devastationWhat a mess we made, when it all went wrongWatching from the edge of the circusFor the games to beginGladiators draw their swordsForm their ranks for ArmageddonI'm nuclearI'm wildI'm breaking up insideA heart of broken glassDefiledDeep insideThe abandoned childStanding on the edge of the underworldLooking at the abyssAnd I'm hoping for some miracleTo breakout to escape from all thisWhispers in the air tell the taleOf a life that's goneDesolation, devastationWhat a mess we made, when it all went wrongI'm nuclearI'm wildI'm breaking up insideA heart of broken glassDefiledDeep insideThe abandoned childI'm nuclearI'm wildI'm breaking up insideA heart of broken glassDefiledDeep insideThe abandoned child"
,Recommended,287700,17946916,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Terwynd,"One of the best stealth games I've ever played. There's so much freedom to be had in the missions, it honestly feels like I'm playing Hitman: Blood Money again.Only with giant nuke-launching robots.And a mute scantily-clad sniper.And cardboard boxes."
76561198042052246,Recommended,287700,17923322,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Fat Yoshi,"Idk what to say about this amazing game, this is the first game in its series i played and im not regretting spending 75 dollars for it, for its content its well worth the price. I've been playing this game for abour 22 hours not even done 10% completion yet."
,Recommended,287700,17923616,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Church,Great game.Still can't figure out who was the creator and writer though.
76561198052921938,Recommended,287700,17925131,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,TotallyNotChris,"This game is my first metal gear so it may or may not be a bit biasand also my first proper reviewThe following is what i have seen in my experience in this Hideo Kojima gamePros-Really challenging but fair-Brilliant stealth-Nice 3rd person action-A ♥♥♥♥ing dog as a buddy-Unexpectedly good boss battles for a shooter-Lots of upgrade paths-There is more than 100+ hours of gameplay-Nothing more satisfying then getting in and out undetected of a well guarded base-Raid your friend's and stranger's bases for them lolz and staff members-Rewards for perfectionists-Peta got nothing on this game because there is an animal conservation area-Hideo is in the game because why not-Hideo put a chick with big♥♥♥♥♥♥in a bikini-A Hideo Kojima gameCons-Probably another buddy for load missions instead of constantly forking out money to upgrade AT missles-Could use some more female voice acting-Not suitiable for some casuals-Will destroy friendships by getting so addicted to this game-Not enough ""A Hideo Kojima game"" included-Didn't put any funny bosses like psycho mantisA must have for any Assassin's Creed, Watch Dogs and Splintercell fansBut we all know you veterens will just drop those few showers to shorten that bill and instabuy for this masterpiece11/10 - IGNA Hideo Kojima GameIm going to share the moment that made me roll on the floor upset-_Spoiler Alert_-Mission 43 : Shinning Lights Even In DeathThis mission is about when a virus breaks out around your base. First you walk by tons of your own soilders crawling on the ground begging for The Big Boss's helpSoon the infection wants to spread so it sends the infected outside to kill themselves and let the birds eat their bodies so they spread it airborne. This forces you to pull the trigger on all of your troops and execute all of your hard earned soilders. Soon you spot one that isnt infected you proccede to carry this uninfected soilder. Right at the door he says ""Im not gunna make it Boss""Then you scan him with your googles. He is infected, as he beggs you not to shoot him you are forced to if you want to procced with the misssion. Pulling the trigger and hearing the loud scream after he died. Just made me feel like a traitor with the sadest music in the backround"
,Recommended,287700,17975878,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,G1nger-,"After playing MGSV: The Phantom Pain for the first hour, I cried of joy knowing that my CSGO skins did not go to waste.10/10 would sell my CSGO skins again.Seriously just do it"
,Recommended,287700,17977457,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Helvabapolus Helva,"I curled up into fetal position and cried by the end of second chapter. But as a MGS enthusiast (I finished MGS4 on PS3 dozens of times 10/10 would take photos of the B&B again) the story was unfinished for me. The ideology behind the game is great, its emotional and you get bound to characters so much that you feel hatred and grief when something bad happens to them. But this game should have been about Big Boss. The real deal. How did he become ""The Man Who Sold The World"". This game isn't about the righteous or the wicked. It's about personal interests and revenge. It's realistic in terms of character development and story telling. BUT WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DID BIG BOSS TURN EVIL SINISTER?!!?!Spoilers up ahead folksThe cut out mission gives an enclosure on the Liquid Snake arc but the fact that you play as the medic from Ground Zeroes upsets you a little. He actually showed up in MGS1 if I'm not wrong. There is a whole thing on him but anyway. The real idea is Big Boss. ♥♥♥♥ing Solid Snake's clone/dad, Great guy so why the evilness.KOJIMA GIVES US THE MGS FANS WHAT WE WANT! AN ENCLOSURE THAT YOU PROMISED.But still, 10/10 would seduce soldiers with a girl poster on a card-box again."
,Recommended,287700,17978771,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Big Daddy Hitler,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥i already have over a hundred hours played. oops. 999.98/10 will play at least another few hundred hours.
,Recommended,287700,17966058,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,NeoVisuaL,Mother Base management is a game within a game10/10
76561198114122923,Recommended,287700,17888063,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,=/==/\==\=,"Embark on the greatest tale of Solid Snakes life yet. Travel back in time to 1984 to whoop♥♥♥♥♥and pet pups. Though the details on how Solid Snake time travels is left vague the tale is ever enthralling. personally i believe the process is similar to that of X_Man's Days Of Fucher Past, where Wolverane is put in coma and sexy girl (elly from the last of us) manipulates his mine so that he can manipulate past time and space.  watch out for them damned PMCS. they tougher and smrater than ever. i done used up my tranq chance and they wearing helmets and traveling in twos. good luck."
,Recommended,287700,17899425,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ColdWolf,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Fulton Pain.A Tale of Revenge. A Tale That Split the Fanbase. For No Goddamn Reason.A game that a lot of people will claim is unfinished, or has a crap ending.A game that a lot of people are reviewing negatively because they were wrong about plot-twists, are butt-hurt because they didn't like the ending, or complained that there weren't enough cutscenes, despite constantly bickering about MGS4 having 'too much story', despite having a TENTH of the gameplay that MGSV has.Enjoy it for the tactical gameplay.I don't need to tell you about it, you've seen the videos, read the previews, etc.Enjoy it for the story it tells, not the story you 'expected'.It's a Kojima game...what did you expect, a Tarantino movie plot?Enjoy it for the multiplayer.The FOB's are STELLAR, but you'll have to wait for MGO3 until January, sadly.(Now confirmed to contain extra singleplayer DLC, at the very least new gear for Snake)Or don't. If the best ever tactical stealth and combat, a somewhat quirky and in parts lackluster story, and hours and hours of content aren't for you, all well and good. We all have different taste, if we didn't, it'd be a boring world. Don't buy it then, go play something you'd enjoy.But for the LOVE OF GOD, don't play it for 90+ Hours and then complain that it's crap.You stupid, angsty, victimised filth that is the modern, over-entitled, under-educated gamer.You disliked ONE CUTSCENE, and gave the game a negative review? You sicken me.I'm no fanboy, I wasn't keen on 'that' particular cutscene myself. But REALLY?!JESUS H FLYING SPAGHETTI MONSTER ALMIGHTY, WHAT ARE YOU ON?!Oh, and quit spoiling it for everyone else, y'jerks!"
76561198148032328,Recommended,287700,17879839,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,good goat,this game runs in a legendery engine .the fox engine gives u max prefromance and max quality at the same time.the game is super smooththe game play is very good better than metal gear solid guns of the patriots as the elemnt of stealth is back as i was missing from metal gear solid 4i was running with a hourse and jumped froma  cliff and got spoted by an enemie and got a reflex on himhead shot him with tranq gun then i landed10/10 will jump from cliffs
,Recommended,287700,22870062,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mogmau,"This is the most fluid gameplay the series has offered so far (and probably will offer). You're garunteed a solid 200 hours of gameplay if it pushes your buttons, which is its selling point and undeniable credit.However, it's likely the worst written Metal Gear Solid game. It's story completely unravelled and series for me and exposed something very shallow.Upon losing his franchise, Hideo Kojima burnt the village and salted the earth."
76561198138999820,Recommended,287700,22615730,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,SirSludge,"Konami sucks, I paid 60 bucks. I ain't a hater but tis gaem has no Hayter. Kaz is a d.i.ck, Skull a prick and Quiet doesn't say much. FOB- Furius obituaries bull. Jack, naked Snake, Big Boss, the man who the world sold, protagonist/antagonist, hero/villain. Lost limbs, lost chapter, the suffering of an unfinished game. Tactical espionage action, Hideo now free of Shitami.!=/!="
,Recommended,287700,22064389,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,"He's dead, Jim","A strange story. Leaving work, I passed a big cardboard box and I had an irresistible urge to enter into it..."
,Recommended,287700,23124436,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,alcmoraes,"I have not enough words to describe how this game makes me feel.Its a masterpiece.I was really disappointed with the multiplayer, but the singleplayer is unique.10/10 in everything. Best purchase I've made in years."
76561198074864824,Recommended,287700,26204993,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Juanderful 101,Only Kojima gets to ♥♥♥♥ his fans in the♥♥♥♥♥like this and get away with it.
,Recommended,287700,26907001,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SURFYz,"Do you like extracting sheep? Say no more. Come on down to Afganistan, where we've got Sheep coming out our wazoo. Black Sheep, White Sheep, Blue Sheep, you name it. Simply select the sheep of your preference, shoot the living hell out of it with your dart gun, strap a balloon to that mummajammer and ""Hey presto!"" you got yourself quality sheep my friend."
,Recommended,287700,27082318,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Odin,"It's a solid game in an ever evolving series. It lacks a little bit in story which obviously wasn't finished in production, but for what is still delivers has enough of plot twists and very fun gameplay what will last you tons of hours."
,Recommended,287700,28681548,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mr_spac3r,Nice gem
,Recommended,287700,29220426,Posted: 13 January,all,Halos3,Metal gear solid 5 has to be the best stealth strategic game i ever played. A lot of things and objectives. Lovely graphics. This game is highly recommended
,Recommended,287700,29232016,Posted: 13 January,all,System,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is one of my favorite games of all time. So far I've bought it for PS3, Xboner, and now PC. I believe this game, while having a♥♥♥♥♥♥ending, and being a bit bland at times, is one of my favorite games of all time. I HIGHLY suggest this game. So now, I must be off, I gotta 100% this game for the 3rd time :>"
76561198065725333,Recommended,287700,27132835,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SkyeTheKnumpty,Got to what I thought was the end of the game. Found out I wasn't even halfway. WOAAAAAHOAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
76561198145876403,Recommended,287700,27769609,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Deks,One of the most engaging narratives i've played in a long time. A fine edition to the Metal Gear Series.
76561198013729175,Recommended,287700,28438305,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Fart Porn,Good game. Lots of stuff to do.
,Recommended,287700,27234474,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,radamant,Why are we here? Just to suffer tbh
76561198037722825,Recommended,287700,27140329,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LordMisterX,"Story, gameplay and graphics are amazing, but outside of that its alot of grinding to unlock everything. Side ops are simple and repeat themself. Overall very good game to use time on."
,Recommended,287700,28079860,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,EXTRA THICC N00DLES,"Jesus, the ending....I haven't been mind♥♥♥♥ed this hard since BioShock Infinite10/10"
,Recommended,287700,27860467,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bonkie,"If you dont' own thi game you're bad and should feel bad- also, this game will make you feel very bad"
,Recommended,287700,30068297,Posted: 20 February,all,sparky_sparky,10/10masterpiecejapanese people are crazy man
,Recommended,287700,28807258,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,LePotatoCorgi,You can upgrade your prosthetic arm to sprint faster.10/10
76561198126945798,Recommended,287700,28180388,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,vikram87,"Being a huge fan of the franchise and after playing all the previous Metal Gear games i must say that i am a tad bit dissapointed with this entry. I mean dont get me wrong its a brilliant game with  lots of fresh content and many different ways to appraoch your objective that none of the previous games had offered however saying that what it is missing is the essence of the previous Metal gear games like a legendary story, an amazing protagnist, an immense amount of emotional attachement to the chararcters & not to mention the long cutcenes(although tedious but very important to the story) . I think i went into the game thinking that it will atleast match if not surpass the expectations set by the previous games but as i mentioned earlier  as a huge fan of Kojima i was left sad & just unsatisfied especially towards the conclusion of chapter 1. But then again if you have never played any Metal gear games before i think this should be a must buy for you given the amount of attention to detail and gameplay has been put here by Kojima. Although for people like me who are not new to the franchise let me tell you friends you may not be as satisfied as you migh have hoped for."
,Recommended,287700,28087595,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,EeXxTtRrAaTtHhIiCcCc,"Core MGS experience, good game. Would recommend. But not as polished as previous title cuz Konami is Konami. If you haven't bought this game yet than do it."
,Recommended,287700,27966049,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Krawler,Awesome game10/10
,Recommended,287700,28415630,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,💀 GooG 💀,Miller is really mad.
,Recommended,287700,28438792,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Dread Pirate Tuco,"Amazing story, even having minimal experiance with past MGS games. Controls are a bit strange and sticky - especially on keyboard. Snake just loves to attach himself to cover whenever possible - even if it puts himself in mortal danger.But as far as the story, it's the best. It quickly became my favorite game story - especially after finishing the first roll of credits. As usual Kojima presents perfect cutscenes, fast-paced action, and another great multi-facted masterpiece.Gameplay is great up until you reach 50% completion. After you reach 50% you quickly realize that there isn't much more to the game - which was fine with me because it felt like a great and memorably fun, completed experiance when I reached 40% completion. Hopefully you feel the same.Grab it on sale and get into the online FOB scene while it's still active.Major, I'm buuUURNING UP!"
,Recommended,287700,28863942,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TheScarface43,"How to sum up such a huge game in a few sentences...-CP, CP! This is Zulu-4! Our resources are missing, there might be an intruder! PLEASE ADVISE, OVER.-This is CP, what exactly is missing?-Oh, well, our processed materials, rough diamonds, ammo, guns, blueprints, gun emplacements, mortars, jeeps, a tank, those huge♥♥♥♥♥containers, our men, the sheep, the houses, sand from the desert, even my clothes. It is said it's caused by some madman that attaches balloons to everything...-Copy that, Zulu-4. Further losses in sheep are unacceptable. TIGHTEN YOUR SECURITY.-The enemy also stole our security, over.-DAMNIT.Ocelot: Great work, Boss. Come back home.Miller: NOOOOOOOOOOO, REVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENGE!In short:THE best Metal Gear gameplay-wiseThe worst Metal Gear story-wiseIf you're looking for Snake's unnecessary questions and 45-minute long unskippable cutscenes explaining geopolitical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t then you won't find them here, sadly. Still, it's what Peace Walker's gameplay was supposed to be all along, just that being a PSP game they had to keep it simple. Even if you're lacking your Metal Gear plot it's just so much fun to sneak around in this game."
,Recommended,287700,28985284,Posted: 3 January,all,N Head,"Ocelot: He's not the real Big Boss.Skull Face: Who's is?! WHOOOOOOOOOOOO!What a game.Good gameplay, poor story, no replay value."
,Recommended,287700,27299102,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,General Tso's Kitten™,Best soundtrack for strangling mercs.
,Recommended,287700,27521934,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Igneel Ryujin,"Easily one of the best games of the past decade, Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is a magnificent send off for the Metal Gear series and it's creator: Hideo Kojima.While the game may suffer from problems stemming from the interferance of publisher Konami, the rest of the game more than makes up for it with a compelling mix of outstanding gameplay mechanics, design and graphical prowess."
,Recommended,287700,26867517,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Piecrust,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,287700,26333959,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ixMarcel,A Hideo Kojima Game.Created by Hideo KojimaDirected by Hideo KojimaWritten by Hideo KojimaDidju rike it?
,Recommended,287700,26241220,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,hei_zen,One of the best games of 2015
,Recommended,287700,28245560,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,GalleyFox,"This game took me for a ride, and I don't mean as a passenger either. I mean as a hostage tied up in the trunk, but I'll be darned if I didn't enjoy every second of it.Everything about this oozes quality and is perhaps the most ambitious Metal Gear to date with it's open world. You know you're getting quality when Hideo Kojima is involved but it does feel like it could have been even better, almost as if it was rushed out the door before it had that extra polish. Nevertheless this has it all, I don't know why I waited so long to purchase it myself."
,Recommended,287700,29053324,Posted: 5 January,all,acce1,A Hideo Kojima Game
76561198049712273,Recommended,287700,26122161,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Zriphel'O,"I am going to start off by saying that this game really deserved being checked out, and is by far one of the best games I have every played, story wise as much as gameplay wise. (This is the review of a deep fan of MGS games, TFP got me to play the whole series after I finished it.) Extremely user-friendly as you always have a non-intrusive tip on what to press on your keyboard or controller to do an action.The story develops amazingly, you feel like you are watching a movie... or rather, PLAYING a movie! Yes, MGSV: TFP is a very immersive sneaking game with very heavy story. Kojima really put everything he had into the making of this game. It is NOT missing the MGS touch to it. I was waiting for a year to pass to do a review, so I could have a true view on this. The gameplay is great, everyone will find his contempt as you have many ways to approach everything in the game. Will surely take you your life as you try to finish the story, and your soul as you try 100% it. The feelings hit hard, and the game is rewarding for cool or precise actions!Graphics are prefect, my mother thought I was watching a movie when she first watched a cutscene.The companions are great, with an very good AI programmed into the sentient ones, aswell as the staff system from MGS: PW that got a lift and is now looking way better than in PW. A plus for the fact that you can play as your staff and SEE THEIR FACE! Improvement from Peace Walker!Though life can't be perfect, there are a small count of cons. DD, the dog is a bit overpowered because of his powers to lcoate enemies through walls and mark them. As any MGS games, you will surely find yourself getting angry because an enemy randomly saw you in his back while you were proned this is even worst if you're starting by TFP, I can assure you. And getting 100% will have you running absolutely all over the place for a week or more because of the complication to find animals at exact zones where you don't even know why they're ONLY located there. Don't worry if you are easily frustrated, the rest of the game compensates way more!Cons aside, I have to say that the start of the game got me hooked and the feelings hit me like a truck on a highroad. The end, best ending I have ever seen in a story-driven game. A lot of moments will have you with your jaw hanging, being blasted by the beautiful cuscenes. And to be completely honest, the moment you understand the ending, everything unravels and get amazed by the clever arrangement of every bits when you go through the game a second time and understand the small details. The true ending seriously blasted me off to space.Conclusion; Personally my game of the decade, I definitely reccomend this game if you are a fan of shooters in general, and like sneaking games added to great story telling.Edit:Me in July: ""Wait what? You're telling me they're re-working MGS3 into the fox engine?! Yes! And it's gonna be on console and PC?... Pachinko? Is that a new console or site to play it? What are you saying?... *Googles Pachinko* WHAT?! ITS GOING TO BECOME THAT?! THEY'RE OUT OF THEIR GOD DAMN MINDS AFTER FIRING KOJIMA!"""
,Recommended,287700,29969244,Posted: 16 February,all,Ben_S36001,"▬▬▬.◙.▬▬▬═▂▄▄▓▄▄▂◢◤ █▀▀████▄▄▄▄◢◤█▄ █ー ███▀▀▀▀▀▀▀╬◥█████◤══╩══╩══This is Pequod, arriving shortly at LZ..!10/10...! <3 :)"
,Recommended,287700,24093007,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mr Skeltal,"10/10 gameplay (planning, sneaking, shooting)6/10 everything in between (story, base management, waiting for the damn helicopter)Overall score: 8/10"
,Recommended,287700,28643933,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Vento Aureo,You can punch your soldiers head and they thank you for it. 10/10
76561198058441786,Recommended,287700,27779091,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Uη¢яєαтινє кιd,"I implore you to play this game up until Episode 43, Shining Lights, Even in Darkness. It is probably one of the most stirring missions of the entire game and the build up makes the implications all the more heavy hitting. To avoid spoilers, I will just say this: Once you've completed this mission, you don't need to play again. This is the highest point. If you don't feel a strong connection to the game at this point, it is likely you never will.This mission is very close to the end, which is extremely abrupt- but I can strongly say that this is an amazing game, definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,287700,22369346,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,AGB Cake,Honestly and let be honest im a fanboy and will always back these games up. This game is good but not perfect it seems like the story get choppy and unfinshed and rinse and repeat at points but overall its a fun game and i love it. The engine they use is so polished and perfect that im pretty sure anyone that has fps issues has a bad pc because my pc aint perfect i run this on a 750ti with a i7 on all ultra and i never have had a problem with this game. 10/10
76561198060468443,Recommended,287700,22006655,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Movantic Moment,Great open world stealth game with lots to do and many different ways to complete each mission. Long campaign with plenty of side quests to keep you busy.
,Recommended,287700,27352959,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lanzlo,An amazing and well crafted game with gameplay no other games give off.-A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME-
,Recommended,287700,27225982,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BebopFox,"Wonderful game that takes what was first done in the Portable OPs games on PSP and improves upon it exponentially. The only downside to this game is the abundance of DLC and microtransactions they tried to push in. Overall though, the gameplay is top-notch and the story is about what you'd expect from an MGS title."
76561198090805678,Recommended,287700,29026282,Posted: 4 January,all,Adadxsg,gameplay 9/10story 6/10
,Recommended,287700,26890188,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Huematsu,"""A Hideo Kojima Game"""
,Recommended,287700,29044790,Posted: 5 January,all,Chilly,"Stealth and Open World done right, i don't remember the last time i had this much fun.  I've only played MGS 3 before this one and was not sure i would enjoy this at first, but after putting 500+ hours into it and nearly completing it 100%, i wouldn't mind starting over and doing it all again.  My only complaint is that the camouflage system from MGS 3 wasn't carried over into this one."
,Recommended,287700,28961110,Posted: 2 January,all,DalaiLemur,I was recommended this game because I like stealth games and Assassin's Creed. I was impressed.
,Recommended,287700,23411105,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Monday,"roses are redbirds can fly freethis is pequod, arriving shortly at LZ"
,Recommended,287700,25698730,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Borislav Slavov,The best singleplayer stealth game to ever exist.The multiplayer is one of the worst things to ever be created and should be ashamed for being tacked on sloppily onto an otherwise amazing game.Also if you are like a huge nerd and are a fan of the Metal Gear storyline you are going to hate this game if you go in looking for an immersive story experience.
,Recommended,287700,23951111,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SpookSpookchan,This game is 2/3rds of a full game buy when on sale or when you're in the mood to hate konami aka the patchinko miners
76561198057234629,Recommended,287700,25104041,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,BoomNighthawk,Most of my playtime has been spent searching for A++ soldiers.
76561198089273605,Recommended,287700,25734297,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mvp023,"This is one of the best games i've played in a long time.  The game looks incredible, and is optimized very well for PC.  The missions are a blast.  You can go about doing them any way you please.  Want to try and sneak around unseen?  Make sure you know what you're doing.  Want to go in guns blazing?  Go for it.  There are limitless ways to complete any of the missions, it's all up to you.  Also, there are a ton of missions.  Now, all the missions pretty much are the same thing, but every one of them feels fresh.  Replaying the same mission over and over again is something you're going to want to do, and you will enjoy every time.  There are only 2 things that I don't understand or like, per say.  One, the base development is extremely confusing at times, but once you really get into it and learn all, or most, of what it has to offer, it's a nice touch.  The second thing, it's a Metal Gear Solid game!  Isn't Metal Gear Solid supposed to have some glorious cutscenes in it?  This game does not really have it.  The previous ones were known for their stories through the cutscenes, but this one lacks it big time.  It's nice to be able to carve your own path through the storied gameplay, but it would also be nice to sit back and watch Snake in action via a cinematic.  All in all, the game is worth the money, and there is a ton of replay value here.  Pick it up when it goes on sale, or buy it full price; you'll be happy with the result."
,Recommended,287700,26424690,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,admin to me,"Filled with wow-so-cool epic badassery and featuring a confusing plot about something, this game is fun. Numerous weapons and gadgets, neat customization, and followers spice things up in this stealth action title.Managing your base has that mobile game feel everyone knows and loves. It gets you them sweet unlocks, and sometimes you gotta defend it.Biggest pain is an enemy known as the skulls. Without spoiling anything, they just weren't fun to fight, and seemed difficult just for the sake of being difficult.Kazuhira is a little racist, but it's okay, Japan is a pretty homogenous society."
,Recommended,287700,29911058,Posted: 13 February,all,Beef stroganoff,I want to get off Mr Kojima's wild ride.
,Recommended,287700,27046735,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Senjosei RYUJINNOK-Bleeeee,"after 80+ hours of gameplay, you finally killed the man responsible, credits roll, then u realize it was only chapter 1....lengthy but not boring its worth every pennybox / 10"
,Recommended,287700,27122257,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Phreakcore,"Little things about this game made me go Whoa, Dude.Like example on my birthday there was a birthday party at your motherbase.100% great game if you have not picked it up. Then buy it now."
76561198259308864,Recommended,287700,25510092,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,vasil.d.sotirov,"Epic game. I haven't played a lot but it looks, sounds and plays in a great way even on my sh**** laptop"
,Recommended,287700,25924966,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Skeezix,"This is absolutely one of the very best games i have ever played. Great gameplay, great story, good graphics. The conclusion of the story was awesome! Seriously, go buy this!"
76561198166305540,Recommended,287700,26087976,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Geraldo,"Good story, fun missions, what you'd expect from a Metal Gear Solid game."
,Recommended,287700,24902206,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Rotten Ham,you get pupper
,Recommended,287700,25223976,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Wipepod,its good
,Recommended,287700,24647219,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,HolyCrusadee,You're gonna extract HIM!?
,Recommended,287700,24875687,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Psychobagger,"PrefaceLet my start by prefacing the technical formalities and state simply: this is without a doubt one of, if not the, best game(s) I have ever played. I have never put so many hours into a game in such a brief span of time. This game draws me into another world, and I often forget that I am here, at my desk.Now, onto the more meaty part of this review...Initial NotesFirst, I would like to say that this game isnotmeant to be historically or scientifically accurate when compared to our real-world facts. Nothing on a screen is realistic when in the light of real-life facts, but the game does not suffer at all from this. In fact, this nonviability makes the game even more enjoyable and sets it apart from others. Does Star Wars line up with real life? No- but so many people enjoy the series. For example: in this game that takes place in the 1980s, you control a character with a fully functioning bionic arm who uses a holographic phone-like device to complete objectives. Not at all realistic, but what's the point of playing a realistic game? We get enough realism in our daily lives; video games aremeantto take us out of our world and put us in another fun, engaging one. With that said, I hope I can dissuade any disparaging comments about the game's practicality.The Story and DirectingAlluding to my preface, this game's story is a majority of the reason it is so undeniably enjoyable. I have never played another Metal Gear game, but I will say that the introduction chapter ofThe Phantom Painis without a doubt the most cinematic and well-executed beginning to a game in all my experience. Throughout the game, cutscenes trigger quite often, and 'fill in the gaps,' if you will, for unknowing players like myself. These cutscenes are executed splendidly, as well. All of the missions fit well with the story and help to tie it together in a challenging way. For those of you who don't know, or haven't read the name stamped on every mission's introduction- this game was directed by Hideo Kojima, creator of the Metal Gear franchise. It is because of Mr. Kojima that this game was so beautifully crafted. Hideo Kojima did what no director has even come close to doing: he created a cinematic and powerful player-driven experience that rivals big ticket films. With the use of modern software- camera angles and effects you only see in professional movies were commonplace in this game. In addition to this, the dialogue is superbly written and many conversations have very memorable quotes. Kojima truly created his masterwork through this game. There were so many moments in my playthrough that I thought I was watching a movie, but realized I was actually playing the game and just doing something right to have so much screen-worthy action. On another note, after a little more than halfway through the game, the story begins to decline in enthusiasm. Unless I am mistaken, this is when Kojima was 'let go' by Konami. If you do purchase the game, you will see where Kojima's influence was cut off. On a grand scale, though, the story of this game is incredibly rich with detail and emotion. Twisting Miller's words, “That has nothing to do with it. You just like a good [story].”GameplayGameplay can often be a very subjective part of a review, so I will try to be as objective as possible here. For the price, this game is very much worth it if you seek a game with good 'hours-to-cost' potential. There are plenty of missions and side tasks to complete, plus many other unlockables that will keep you busy. I, personally, completed this game 100% in just under 150 hours. On sale for 30 dollars USD- not a bad buy.On top of the things you can do,The Phantom Painhas one of the most extensive item/weapon catalogues in any open-world game that I know of. Everything has its use, and these things can be tailored to each players' specific play style. Never been to good at quietly sneaking your way through a game? Be sure to develop armor and an LMG to blast your way through enemies. Or are you the opposite, and like to become nothing but a shadow? Throw on some camouflaged fatigues matching the environment you're in and don't let the enemies know what hit 'em. All weapons and items are upgradeable, so they get more effective as you do. The missions are wide and varied, and can be completed in any number of ways. Look for multiple infiltration points, try different weapons- experiment! Don't always go in through the front door; sometimes there are great things to be found if you just look around a bit.If you have to have some online capacity to justify buying this game, then yes, there are some things inThe Phantom Painthat are online. (By the way, the whole game can be played 'online' during the singleplayer campaign, but the things listed below are solely online parts of the game, played with other players.) First up are FOBs, or Forward Operating Bases- basically other players' secondary bases that you can infilitrate for rewards like staff members and resources. I was never much into them, but they can be fun. Next is the ever-debated Metal Gear Online (MGO), which is something like team-based PVP (I think). I don't know anything about it because I never cared to play it. There is one other online-based element in the game that doesn't require actual player input, but I will leave that to the buyer to find out. I will also say that playing totally offline may prove difficult after playing online for a time, as Konami decided to divvy up players' incoming resources in an unusual way. Again, I will let the buyer find this out. Not really a big deal if you decide to keep your game 'online.'Straying from the above topics, here are some interesting things about the game:A truly open-world environment staged in two places: Afganistan and Africa, each with their own secretsSemi-destructible environments (trees, vehicles, rocks, windows, objects, etc.)Many enemy types, differing weapons to combat the player, etc.Very unique camouflaging system and player detection ratingInteresting enemy alert system (buyer will know why it is 'interesting' upon playing :D)Many bosses of varying degrees of difficultyFully customizable weapons (colors, attachments, etc.)Customizable player emblem (your base's logo)Military base management (maintaining staff, developing items, allocation of resources, etc.)A few 'buddies' to take along on missionsAnd a million more little things... just buy it, alright?Soundtrack and MusicThe musical score is something I don't really remember inThe Phantom Painbecause I was too absorbed in the gameplay. Nonetheless, I think it was really good, especially during the cutscenes and boss battles. Probably my absolute favorite element of this game, there is the capability to play music from the menu at any time. The player can pick up cassette tapes for Snake's Walkman and listen to them. Some amazing songs can be collected, likeRebel Yellby Billy Idol,Trueby Spandau Ballet and tons of other 80s classics. Crawling through heavily guarded enemy bases while blastingShe Blinded Me With Scienceinto my ears is probably one of my favorite things to do.Numerical Score (can I do that?)Very simply: 9.8/10I won't write what I would want to change because most of my 'dislikes' (if you can call them that) are very nitpicky and don't really affect much.Thanks for reading! I put some time into this review so as to be as comprehensive as possible. I hope that this will help any prospective buyers with their decision.-Psychobagger"
,Recommended,287700,22009708,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Spooky tits,kept you waiting huh
76561198058027547,Recommended,287700,25362605,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Minum Baygon,i dont know why i recommend this game
76561198132304441,Recommended,287700,25377257,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Roadman Shaq,♥♥♥♥ING SICK STEALTH GAME
,Recommended,287700,27007694,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bizzle,yo this game is good
76561198059507774,Recommended,287700,17870984,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,NoBSMartin79,Bad Acid Trip Simulator with Pyrotechnics and hallunications war buddy movie.
,Recommended,287700,17856761,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Uro ★,Red Dead Redemption finally got the PC port it deserved.
76561198050721825,Recommended,287700,17844207,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Scotty and the Ninjas!,"The only game i have ever felt confident preordering (in this sad day and age where developers are realeasing horibbly un-optimised games and console ports), and i was not dissapointed. It has lived up to all the hype and runs extremely well on a high end system like mine, but can also run reasonably well on a low end system.Ps. Its a Hideo Kojima game."
,Recommended,287700,24120705,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SeboRen,"Playing through this game has been the most fufilling experience I have had in a while, no other game has made me feel mixed emotions about being done, besides Final Fantasy VII. I finished the game, all secret endings, 80 hours in. But alas, I was far from done, and still am, 79% done, there are so many different things to do in the game, and if you enjoy it just as much as I have, then finding all the extra things to do to get 100% will be worth it. Now, I am not the best at playing this game, I am no where near being at the top of the FOB leaderboards, but, even though I am not #1, I still feel like any adversary that stood in my way at this point in the game would not give me a whole lot of trouble. I still have a lot to do, 20% of side missions 45% of the animals left to discover, and who knows how much of the weapons I have left to fully upgrade. This game will last me longer than any other story-driven single player game has, and it won't be long and boring either.I recommend this game, even if you haven't played the other MGS games."
,Recommended,287700,27034706,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bonkers,"They named it Phantom Pain because it isn't finished and it'll make you groan and agony when you finish the game, only to realize it's missing half the story."
,Recommended,287700,26999618,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Leon Sisk,"A good stealth game, but not a good Metal Gear Solid game. I still recommend it, but don't expect to feel whole afterwards. It's a game missing a real ending."
,Recommended,287700,24122567,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Lemonardo,"A Hideo Kojima GameYes, it is arguably unfinished. Yes, the plot twist is arguably lame and cheap. Yes, you could arguably say that the cutscenes and boss fights are not up to the usual MGS level. Doesn't matter. It is still an extremely solid (pun not intended) game, with an engaging (though a bit badly paced) story, tight and focused gameplay, beautiful and smoothly running graphics courtesy of the splendid FOX Engine and amazing direction, as expected of the master, Hideo Kojima.Does it have flaws? Yes. Is it worth buying anyways? Yes.Also, mission 43 will give you the feels."
,Recommended,287700,22092527,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,slidingscail,pretty good
76561198035396744,Recommended,287700,18090864,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Caffiene,"Probably the best gameplay in the series, it plays absurdly well, and has a lot going on. Unfortunately, at least as of today, the burget issues that they ran into really shine through at the end, which is a dang shame. But, still a fantastic game, just ends on multiple downers for sure. Hopefully they'll tie it up with some free DLC later, because there's kind of a Grand Canyon of a plot hole that exists in the current game, and was apparently cut at the last minute, You can even find the info for the cutscenes missed online, weirdly enough.So yeah. Really fun, kind of preferred Peacewalker, even though the gameplay in this one is spectacular."
76561198192967022,Recommended,287700,22009213,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Microsoft Excel[2],exellent game
,Recommended,287700,23175894,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,morciano,"bored at the office, then installed MGS at office computerintel G32404GB RAMInno3D GT 730and the game running smooth!! i cant believe it.bye-bye work"
,Recommended,287700,24816126,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Alfie🔫,"Got bored half way through it, but it was a great half."
,Recommended,287700,25639747,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,you underestimate my power,wheres act 3 kojimbawheres a proper wrap up to plot points developed within the game and from the franchise
76561198095851789,Recommended,287700,25236900,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,syntax_error,"What I like:- gameplay is superb, multiple ways to approach every situation- soundtack, 80's songs + original tracks are great- nice graphics- excellent optimization- online modes (yea modes and not just add on team deathmatch) are actually funWhat I don't like:- story feels unfinished, probably thanks to Kojima and Konami split :(Rating: Kojima/10"
76561198050933067,Recommended,287700,25506956,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Shiro,It's time to get serious boys *puts on chicken hat* 10/10 would sell the world again
,Recommended,287700,24946247,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Yotsu-Chan,"if you like send tanks flying, get this game"
76561198096364265,Recommended,287700,25090628,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,𝑪𝒂𝒓𝒕𝒊𝒏𝒐,Better than that game
,Recommended,287700,25226521,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Heartlessphil,Incredible game!
76561197970821535,Recommended,287700,25164371,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,minzky,"9/10 Amazing game with excellent stealth gameplay and an engaging story... up to a point, the last act of the story feels disjointed from the rest of the game and feels unfinished, this is likely due to the fact that Konami got rid of Kojima during production, either way its a very good game and worth a buy"
,Recommended,287700,23820873,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Silent John,"It got me back into metal gear, just to pull it away. ""They played us like a damn fiddle!"""
,Recommended,287700,23645231,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,[WCD] TUPACISALIVE420,ALMOST PERFECT IN EVERY WAY EXCEPT FOR THE FACT THAT YOU CANT KILL THE CHILD SOLDIERS WTF IS UP WITH THAT I JUST WANNA KILL THEM
,Recommended,287700,22330572,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,TheFluffyFish,"WONDERFULL GAME :D but...the fu*cking diesieze is so FUC*ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SERIOUSLY WHO DECIDED THAT WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA TO PUT IN A GAME FOR FU*KS SAKE!!!! I WENT THROUG 587 STAFF TRYING TO FIND FU*KING KIKONGO, SOON AFTER ACCIDENTLY PRESSING TAB! SO I RAGED A SAID FU*K IT ILL  THROW ALL MY FU*KING STAFF IN FU*KING QUARANTINE! anywho it is a good game :) lots of action, gore, MURDER, sh*ty plot, and amazing game play.someLOTS! of things can change but is fun. WARNING THIS GAME MAY CAUSE: Teabagging, rage, facepalming, and much MUCH FU*KING MORE!!i want to diestill a good game tho :3"
,Recommended,287700,22349838,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kyuss,*Puts on music*Steals truckLets ♥♥♥♥ing do this*Kills everyone*Foltens that one useful guy*Turn back on music*Calls chopper*Sees group of guys*Kills group of guys*Chopper leaves*Calls back chopper*Gets in chooper*Shoots mini gun just for the hell of it11/10 Best stealth game
,Recommended,287700,23115315,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Rik Shazam,"This is a very enjoyable game with an incredible amount of polish. The open world looks fantastic (if not a little empty). Building Mother Base is addictive and rewarding. Try not to get temped into the micro transactions. You don’t need to spend the extra cash. The missions can be challenging but never unreasonably so. Besides, if a mission is too tough you can just shoot your way out. Sure the rewards aren’t as good but you can still progress through the story.This however is the main downside to MGS5 and the whole series. The story is convoluted nonsense with terrible pacing. It also remains largely unresolved. Many people have already been angered by this.Regardless of the story, Metal Gear is a great game"
,Recommended,287700,22407027,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Jvcob,"Looks great, controls are tight, mechanics work excellent, this game is great.10/10"
,Recommended,287700,28317751,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Javious,"Man, this game is awesome.I'm a big MGS fan and this game gameplay-wise is the best one imo. There are major issues with the story but I will touch on that later.First off the controls and gameplay are stellar. The game never forces you to be 100% stealthy but to get a ""S"" rank on every mission (which you need to do to see the games big plot twist) you'll have to not kill anyone and avoid being detected to maximize your score. So you can go loud but don't expect to see everything the game has to offer unless you stealth around.It's a lot of fun to upgrade motherbase and watch your army expand. I hear some people complain about the arbitrary wait times on the S&D research but I've never found it to be an issue since there is so much to do that you can just go off on a side op or main mission until it is complete. They also complete even when the game is not being played. Some people say this is too much like a mobile game but I've never found it to be an issue. There are very few research projects that will take that long. Most of the more elaborate ones are 30 minutes and I have seen them go over an hour but that is rare. But the game is so fun to play that the time will pass like it's nothing and you'll have your research done.My main complaint with the game is that the story is incomplete and it's not anyone except Konami's fault. I will never understand why they kicked Kojima off the project before he could even finish it. Despite this the game still feels complete and polished when it comes to everything else besides the stroy. Some hardcore MGS fans don't like this game because of this story issue. But I don't hold it against the game. I hold it against Konami.The graphics are great. Not mind blowing or anything. But very good. The PC port quality is also pretty good. I run the game fine with my old fx 6300 still in my pc.One thing the game does the best over anything else is it's music. Kojima's musical taste is embedded within this game  very deep. Every song sounds like it would come off of a mixtape from the 80s. Kojima is well versed in 80s music and it shows here.Metal Gear fan or not I urge you to play this game. There is enough here to please anyone who enjoys stealth games. And since you can now get this game with all it's DLC and with Ground Zeros for 40$ I see no excuse to not pick this up. It's 100% worth every penny of that 40$."
,Recommended,287700,20365221,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,rofolconda,Love the story and it had just enough content.
,Recommended,287700,23417274,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,louky,"I was quite excited for this game's release when I first heard about it. I thought to myself; ""This looks pretty cool. Perhaps this will be the game that will get me to play the Metal Gear series?"". Well, did it? Yes, it did. The game probably has the best prologue to any game I've ever played. This game just completely blew me away at the beginning of the game. The game was absolutely gorgeous, and the controls were just great.The story was kind of.. there. I didn't really pay much attention to it, I'll admit. But I probably would had I played any of the other games beforehand. But to be honest, the gameplay just makes you forget about the story. It's just THAT good.Nothing really compares to the satisfaction of sneaking into a huge enemy base alone, with as little gear as possible. One of my favourite things to do in the game is to completele rescue missions etc. without using any weapons or gear. And if you add pouring rain to it, it just makes you feel like a badass."
76561198004433305,Recommended,287700,17849275,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Duke it out,"I beat up my mother base staff and then attach ballons onto them""Staff Morale increased"""
,Recommended,287700,17867844,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,AHB,Best game I've played in 10 years. Enough said.
,Recommended,287700,17867916,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,oldar,"A Hideo Kojima Production.Written, Directed, Game Design by Hideo Kojima.A great Hollywood blockbuster thrill-ride the likes that only Director, Writer and Designer Hideo Kojima can provide.Starring Keifer Sutherland, as Snake, ""Big Boss"" in a Hideo Kojima Production.This film was written by Hideo Kojima.All the ridiculous credit sequences and egos on par with Donald Trump aside, this game is amazing. Open-world stealth, base-building, with the serious and zany storylines that are well-established (read: convoluted) from previous games."
,Recommended,287700,17869133,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Jão,"""Don't you know the awesomness that is a puppie's paw pad?"" 10/10 best game GOTY"
,Recommended,287700,17870008,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,RaiN,Best optimized game I've ever played.My computer is 6 years old here is specs of my computer :İntel Core 2 duoGT 4302 GB RAMYES AND I CAN PLAY 30 FPS 720 p ON HİGHI LOVE YOU KOJİMA <3 <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,287700,17870101,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Dr. Pavel I'm CIA,I am absolutely solid
,Recommended,287700,17832610,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Tripii,"Absolutely gorgeous and like it's predecessor Ground Zeroes, very well optimized. The 5 year wait on a new MGS game was well worth it.A Hideo Kojima Game"
,Recommended,287700,17835351,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,CH1LLN0VA,RIP School Grades
,Recommended,287700,26911629,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nukeologist,"Very good game, gameplay-wise. If you are or aren't a fan of stealth, this is a must buy. I must warn, however, of the story. Some will say it was the worst of the Metal Gear series. I, however, did not care. It's a shame Kojima couldn't complete the game."
76561198056407481,Recommended,287700,27008525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dovahkiff,Make Metal Gear Great Again
,Recommended,287700,24415696,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Kidney Bean Boy,Pretty solid game
,Recommended,287700,24682755,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Slender Chicken,My snake is solid right now.
,Recommended,287700,24766219,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,WitherBoy13,I can only tell u one thing about this game..... buy it.
,Recommended,287700,24680516,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Papa Dan,The opposite of small boss
,Recommended,287700,24622427,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Madd0ggg,"Безупречный геймплей, мир пустоват, упоротый сюжет, Кодзима—бог.9/10."
,Recommended,287700,25742306,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Classy^^,"Solid 60 hours worth of content in the game and that can easily double if you're going for all side missions and what not. It has nice graphics, a nice atmosphere and it's overall well-polished."
,Recommended,287700,24166534,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Noro,"Stefanie Joosten, enough said."
76561197979786380,Recommended,287700,23705290,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tallahassee,10/10 Would fulton again!
,Recommended,287700,22477347,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Venom Krieger,With all the crazy stuff going on at konami this actually turned out rather well.No spoilers here just going to recommend it and that you play it however you want ;)
,Recommended,287700,22538659,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,chicken md,"If you are playing this late after release like I did then you've already heard the complaints people have. However this is not a terrible game. It is somewhat taking the franchise in a more modern and accessible direction, but I feel they got all of the core elements right. It feels much like MGS4, and despite things like health-regen the difficulty is there and definitely gets pretty high late game. The storyline is satisfying to a degree. There are some really interesting ideas as to be expected from Kojima, but I was left wanting more in the end. It seems like the game might have been rushed to completion by Konami at some point during the development of Chapter 2. In the grand scheme of things this doesn't hurt the game too terribly. There is enough plot advancement to keep you hooked throughout and the gameplay is solid. I can see why die hard fans might have gripes, and I do agree with some of them. Despite the stripped out 2nd chapter I was still mostly satisfied. Could they have done some things differently? DEFINITELY. Still overall I would give Phantom Pain an 8/10. (PS Youtube has some of the removed gameplay/cutscenes that would've tied up the ending better)"
76561198041725206,Recommended,287700,22623918,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Stellar Eclipse,Finally a product that let's me go Nuclear... even Online!
76561198235882800,Recommended,287700,21447780,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,★ KoolKidKlan ★,"Games so bad it won't run on my sega genisisBut dont worry my computer is older than snake's eye patch, so it will probably work on y'all guys computers"
,Recommended,287700,17870727,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Barry Chuckle,"Spent half an hour ransacking a Russian base of everything they own, including their staff while listening to Rebel Yell to then be extracted by a chopper blasting Ride of The Valkyries from it's newly developed speakers shortly afterwards.10/10 will do it again."
76561198101640095,Recommended,287700,17871216,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Koulev,"My horse pooped, took down a convoy, lured a soldier with my poster of a woman in my box, water gun, birthday.20/10"
76561198067269712,Recommended,287700,17871950,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,lowlyguns,1. Starts Game.2. Try To Find Out Why There A Guy that is on fire And his friend that floats is chasing me.3. Even though all the soldiers tryed shooting it and do nothing i scream as i pull the trigger hoping something will work.4. Weird people with blue glowing eyes appear.5. Get seen at which they pull guns out of their hands.5. Scream Like a baby6. Alt-f47. UnistallAll in all its great but that♥♥♥♥♥♥is scary.
76561198032095974,Recommended,287700,17872562,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Xavier Hevertop,*NO SPOILERS*lol this game good
,Recommended,287700,17873888,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,s2Roy,"Game is amazing and has alot of original ideas another great MGSBUTTTTT i do have a couple complants the biggest one being the pc port controllers for alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥are HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE. When your prone and trying to crawl any direction besides directly infront of you its almost impossible to go which way you want to, also just walking/running around can be really annoying when tryin move through a small area or trying to pick up an item/npc.There are a couple more things that i cant really think of right now but none of them should stop you from buying the game. I STILL THINK THE GAME WILL BE A BETTER TIME WITH MOUSE AND KEYBOARD, just really wished they would have flucking worked on the movement a little more"
76561198153073442,Not Recommended,287700,18090523,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Go ahead take it from me.,The game is amazing expect it keeps fu*king kicking me when ever i try to defend my FOB or trying to defend the people i support for God sakes fix your♥♥♥♥♥
76561198295543264,Recommended,287700,26147287,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,East 1999,"It's a pretty great game. A vast improvement over GZ. Gameplay is pretty fun, the graphics are great and work pretty well on lower end machines, lots of freedom in what you want to do, and tons of content. The story is alright. The only thing that irks me are certain missions/gameplay mechanics. The mission where you save the group of children from Africa and the subsequent missions where you have to literally go around the world to save them a second time is extremely annoying. Like incredibly annoying. The game looks best during the daytime, however if you favor an infiltration playstyle, the day makes this annoyingly difficult as enemies spot you from well over 80m away. Controls are VERY bad. Running near a wall automatically causes Snake to run alongside it, which can screw you over if you're trying to escape, as it slows your speed. Sprinting is slightly unintuitive. Getting knocked down forces you into crawling, and the only way you can quickly get up is by hitting the sprint key; but even while spamming it, it still takes a while to get back up. This is one reason why shotguns are incredibly broken. If you get hit by one at close range, it'll knock you down, and you won't be able to get back up before they shoot again. Switching weapons on keyboard takes way too long, especially during combat. Vehicle controls, especially on the jeeps, are just plain awful. No matter how you steer, it just swerves all over the place and constantly crashes into things. Hard hats/vests are super OP if you're someone that usually relies on your tranq gun. It would also be pretty cool if you could play the main campaign as your avatar. Despite all of this though, it's still a very high quality game and one of the best MG's in the series. Would very much recommend."
76561198093811133,Recommended,287700,23851701,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,A Sad Ham,If this game was a missing third chapter it would be a good missing third chapter 11/10
,Recommended,287700,31276542,Posted: 21 April,all,Whiterun Guard,"Best game ever, played this alot in my PS3 portGood job Kojima!Can't wait to try Death Stranding XD"
76561198035226914,Recommended,287700,23647482,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,natn310,"If you have to choose, pick this over EVERYTHING"
,Recommended,287700,32578622,Posted: 19 June,all,Finesse'd,You get to kill people in a cardboard box.
,Recommended,287700,28398863,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Junoh,"After finally beating the game 100% and playing Metal Gear Online for a few hours I feel like I should write a review for this game.  It took me around 140 hours to reach 100% completion and this requires you to get S rank on all missions, complete all side-ops, collect all animals, and do all side objectives in every mission.  If I didn't mess around in a lot of that time then I probably could have beaten it in 100-120 hours.  When compared to other Metal Gear games this one seems to have the most replay value for its single player.  The only other one which comes close for me is Peace Walker which I played for approximately 100 hours on the PS3.The gameplay in Metal Gear Solid 5 is different enough from past Metal Gear games to feel fresh.  It's more of a sandbox than previous games as you're given many different ways to complete your objectives.  They all boil down to a stealthy approach or guns blazing in the end but they give you many toys to play with.  Once you reach the end of the game you're likely going to have a large amount of weapons.  Especially if you develop your FOBs and take advantage of the online development projects(displayed as gold boxes).FOBs are your Forward Operating Bases.  Each one of them allows you to add 100 staff members to each of your squads for a grand total of 700 staff members per FOB.  If you want the best weapons in the game then you need to have a few FOBs.  The only downside to having FOBs is that you might get invaded and lose some of your staff members(lock the important ones so you don't lose them).  It most likely won't happen or at least won't happen often as long as you don't have any nukes or participate in the security challenge.  If you are going to build a nuke for the achievement then make sure to do this offline so you can dismantle the nuke immediately and get the other achievement.Now to talk about the story.  This is probably Metal Gear Solid V's weakest point.  The story isn't terrible but it feels incomplete.  I'm not going to go into too much detail about that but you're left with many questions and the ending is completely anti-climactic.  It was so anti-climactic that many people thought that there was more to the game and went on a wild goose chase to find the ""true ending"".  Unfortunately, it's not like Peace Walker and there is no secret ending.  What you see is what you get.  It's not the perfect bridge between Big Boss's story and Solid Snake's story but I think it's the best we can hope for at this point.After beating the game you might do what I did and try to get 100% completion.  This is much more difficult to do than I thought it would be.  Not because the missions are geniunely difficult but because of bugs I didn't notice the first time around.  Once you start aiming for the optional objectives then you'll probably run into the same bugs that I did.  Prisoners not spawning in, conversations never beginning, and other small issues which will eventually grind down your patience with the game.  Some characters need to follow a very strict path and if anything interrupts them then you will either miss a conversation or the conversation will end early.  This could be anything from your dog running into them or getting too close to the area where an interrogation is supposed to take place which somehow makes the interrogation target trip on the door frame.  The second glitch I mentioned can be solved by keeping at least 60 meters away from the last interrogation room in Lingua Franca until the target is in the middle of the room and the interrogation is about to start.The side-ops are pretty fun at first but then they start feeling repetitive.  It might be fun to eliminate the heavy infantry the first few times but after the 10th time you'll likely feel like it's a hassle.  The same goes with the other mission types.  In the end I found myself just going in to the elimination side-ops guns blazing to get them done as fast as possible.  Of course, I only felt like this after the first 100 hours or so.  I can't really say that the side-ops were terrible but they weren't as fun as the ones from Peace Walker and they were definitely not that rewarding.  Especially since it's not co-op and you're not playing with other people.The animal collection is probably the only thing I really hated about the game.  The rest is either disappointing or mildly annoying.  Not only does it not make sense to gather all of the different animals but other than a couple of them(especially the Jehuty) there was no real reward to get them.  Just some GMP, heroism, and an emblem piece.  If there wasn't an achievement then I probably wouldn't have done it.  This is different from the music which has no achievement but I collected willingly because the music itself was a reward.  As a side note, I have had Too Shy stuck in my head for the last few hours.As for the graphics, there's not much to say there.  The graphics are pretty good and the game played pretty smoothly for my computer.  There were only a few times when I noticed it dipping down but it didn't feel like it ever hit 30 FPS.  As I've got an Intel i7 3770K and an Nvidia GTX 780 this wasn't really unexpected.  I don't play with Motion Blur or Depth of Field but I had everything else maxed out in 1080p and locked my framerate to 60 in Rivatuner.  Since I never looked at my FPS I can't really say much more.I loved the soundtrack to MGSV since I like a lot of songs from the 80s but I feel like they should have had other Metal Gear songs included.  This is easily solvable by adding the songs to the game yourself though so I can't really fault the game on this part.  Just put your MP3s in the CustomSoundtrack folder found in the game's folder.All in all I'd say that the game is worthy of getting an 8/10 if you consider a 5/10 to be average.  I think that if they added in the Battle Gear, allowed co-op gameplay in the story, fixed the conversation bugs, and completed the story then it'd definitely deserve a perfect score.Metal Gear Online is pretty fun but I'm kind of bad at it.  I mostly played MGSV by taking advantage of the AI using distractions so I'll have to get used to going up against other people.  In the meantime, I apologize to any team members that I end up dragging down with me.  Also, it'd be nice if there were people that played more than one game type."
,Not Recommended,287700,17843443,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,remingt0nn06,I originally gave a positive review of this. But no longer. Don't buy this game. Borrow it from your Russian friend.Don't buy it. Not because it has bad gameplay. The gameplay is superb. Kojima's craft was refined to an extreme degree in this installment.Do not buy it because Konami does not deserve your money after how they have treated Kojima. I regret having given them any more of my money. Kojima is a passionate game developer and has inspired millions over almost 3 decades of hard work. Konami is apparently being ran by shameless fools.http://www.ign.com/articles/2015/12/04/konami-bans-metal-gear-solid-5-creator-kojima-from-game-awards
76561198210679128,Recommended,287700,22992285,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Amdyaz,Metal gear solid probably one of the best first shooter games I really Admired the graphics are crazy I love the fact of riding a horse everytime The way the missions goes well with the story and the snake long memory recovery process kinda gaves you the feeling of losing your memory I have not finished it yet but when I do I will make this review more interesting :)
,Recommended,287700,32718980,Posted: 24 June,all,Apollo,Good
,Recommended,287700,32654438,Posted: 22 June,all,Blazemeister,Good game overall has great stealth features and mechanics. One of the best features is being able to complete a mission in many different ways. This sense of freedom in what you do really makes you think about how this is not your average game.10/10
76561197961543329,Recommended,287700,24434331,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,attaG,"This MGS is just a master piece.This is my very first time playing Metal Gear Solid. Even I don't know other game's backrounds, I think this game tells to Snake something about them? And a lot of more.Absolutely Perfect game. 100/5"
,Recommended,287700,24435691,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Such a lust for precious metal!,"The Fox Engine is impressive. You could run this thing on a potato machine and not get a performance drop. But that's the engine, not the game:I get the feeling this isn't a proper stealth game. The AI seems to change behavior depending on where you are, as if the game is feeding them information they shouldn't be aware of. Try this out some time by reloading checkpoints and taking a different course of action.Constantly getting spotted and shot through a wall or even the floor on FOB missions.Always online mechanic is a pain. My wifi dips out for just a little bit at theendof an FOB mission, and I lose the rewards and, thanks to the arbitration system, getpenalized. AFTER I win the mission.The plot is pretty clever. Dat WMD to surpass all nukes, though. Brilliant. No spoilers. Also,flaming space whaleat the beginning. I'll never forget it. Klassic Kojima.There's region-lock, so I can't gift to my friends overseas. And I so badly wanted to troll them with thatQuiet shower scene. Curses! And I would've gotten away with it too, if it weren't for that meddling Kojima!My experience so far with the MGO community has been great. They're an alright bunch of guys(who keep playing as girls).The Side-Ops get repetitive quick. You're infiltrating again with upgraded gear and the same goes for the enemy sentries, sure. But you lose the rush after the umpteenth infiltration.Huey > Quiet for best waifu award and that winning smile."
,Recommended,287700,32676934,Posted: 23 June,all,﹕ᵗʰᶦᶰᵏᶦᶰᵍ﹕,It's pretty Solid
76561198045358860,Recommended,287700,30626172,Posted: 19 March,all,"Johnny ""Big Bones"" Boner",Such a lust for revenge....WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,287700,32879030,Posted: 27 June,all,nestorwf,Best game ever!
,Recommended,287700,17837312,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,DEADLINE,Best game ever made .. Thank you Kojima !
,Recommended,287700,23977385,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,白い キツネ,Just finished this masterpiece and will play it all over againit's repetitive but really enjoyable and atmospheric10/10 a Hideo Kojima game indeed
,Recommended,287700,32899816,Posted: 27 June,all,rip indefinately lol,C2W. Repeat.
76561198123553006,Recommended,287700,32553376,Posted: 18 June,all,esteman,This is a great game
76561198061173169,Recommended,287700,17895504,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,アイリス,A Hideo Kojima Game10/10
76561198065851938,Recommended,287700,32926984,Posted: 28 June,all,Godfriendisreal,It's probably the only game on my pc that can run very smooth on max garaphics setting and get a very beautiful graphic even my pc is a potato. Good job Fox Engine.
76561198144783197,Recommended,287700,33062247,Posted: 30 June,all,Nanika,"-Beautiful game, amount of detail is almost realistic. (When it's raining and you make the camera look up into the sky, rain drops appear on the camera as if it's actually there).-Stealth is very satisfying, sometimes it's just awkward.-Buddy system is pretty cool, in my opinion it's D-Dog > Waifu Quiet > D-Horse> D-Walker (Though majority of the time I bring Quiet).-Loved the story, always got an eerie feeling whenever the skulls appear, or anything that has to do with the mist. Maybe it was just me, or I had a really hard time dealing with them early onto the game.-Cutscenes were pretty lengthy, not too long or too short. (Except the scene were you drop in/get picked up by Pequod).-Voice acting was diamond, wish I was able to switch the language spoken to others. (I've seen the option to switch languages but wouldn't allow me).-The progression is pretty cool, kidnap enemy soldiers/recruit(volunteering) soldiers into your base, and eventually you'll start getting higher skilled enemy soldiers able to fulton out in the battlefield.-I want more waifu soldiers.I kinda just wrote whatever without much thought, but, I like! Very much like!"
,Recommended,287700,33053312,Posted: 30 June,all,Lizard Gang,10/10 If The Story Was Complete This Game Would Be Flawless
76561198049490317,Recommended,287700,32846722,Posted: 27 June,all,Archive,Empty space is Not Empty.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3xLuZNKhlYBut this game is awesome.. It is like the planets are connected by positronic quarks within gravity particles. Great and perfect animations gets difficult at some time. You will want to keep playing it even if some times you want to give up. Fight negative people to the death is the rule of the universe which is more important than bias.
76561198108327615,Recommended,287700,27630838,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,J.K.,"THIS GAME MUST WIN THE ""BEST USE OF A FARM ANIMAL"" STEAM AWARDYeah, there are mostly wild animals out there in Afghanistan and Africa, but that doesn't matter.Look at all the ways you can interact with them!Make your horse♥♥♥♥♥♥on the ground - check.Bump a couple of sheeps with your horse - check (poor little things).Running away from a bear for 15 minutes while figuring out how to stun him - check.Surprising a couple of coyotes jumping out from the box and stunning them - check.Looking at how gorgeous your little doggie is while he backflips from the enemy's back after stunning him - check!I mean it's probably the best animal simulator we've ever recievedWell done, Kojima! 10/10"
,Recommended,287700,32916345,Posted: 27 June,all,Fl4meingo,"do you want to launch your arm of like a rocket, control it and hit enemis with it? DO IT! hide in a cardbort box? add a sexy girl on that box so enemies get distracted? buy speakers on helicopter and everytime you call it for pickup you hear: you spin me rond, round baby, round, round..... u can do it in this game"
76561198086781766,Recommended,287700,32932405,Posted: 28 June,all,Takashi Lê,"Gameplay, graphics and sound. Both are awesome"
76561198068077435,Recommended,287700,32933017,Posted: 28 June,all,12.82.79,"Thank you very much hideo kojima , for best game."
,Recommended,287700,32974097,Posted: 28 June,all,Swfte,sssssnnnnaaaaaaaakkkkeeeeeeee
76561198074729528,Recommended,287700,32977781,Posted: 29 June,all,Captain Pivasik,10Kojima/10
,Recommended,287700,32901722,Posted: 27 June,all,average person,"My chopper pilot, Peqoud, happy agreed to fly me into a base with several AA emplacements and soldiers who were highly trained. He's the reall boss."
76561198062067778,Recommended,287700,32990510,Posted: 29 June,all,Vicitrix,You're pretty good
,Recommended,287700,33121243,Posted: 2 July,all,HERMA,love  this gamee .but why for MGO so boring and not much people play it....
,Recommended,287700,28865248,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Wolf Angelus,"My first Metal Gear game and it started off as a very addictive open world, mission based shooter with quite a bit of violence and mature material. The first 40 hours or so are very engaging and make it hard to put down. You have the option to go a stealth route or use force for missions so it caters well to both play styles. The difficulty is satisfying and not easy if you get detected, not till later anyway where you can have a buddy do knife kills for you or snipe with tranq darts. Once you hit the 30's missions, you start to see missions pop up that you have done, but with a twist of forcing you to stealth - detection means missions over ; extreme difficulty - everything hits harder and snipers are lethal ; or the mission forces you in without equipment, leaving you to only with what you can find.These repeating missions with an increase in difficulty ruin the flow of the story as they just appear and the story line for them is just a copy paste which creates confusion and breaks the flow. There could have been better ways to incorporate such missions but sticking them among the story just doesn't work. The story also never came off as finished, supposedly mission 45/46 contain the endings but it didn't feel like much of a satisfying ending.With 157 side ops missions, there is lots of extra content. The problem with these though is that they are repetitive and lack variety. You play the same type of mission many times in just another location. Along with these missions there are a crazy amount of unlocks through research and upgrading, odds are you will never finish all these without lots of extra commitment. You can upgrade your base, capture animals, and there is even an online component involving bases. You can also try to S rank the main missions by fulfilling certain extra objectives for those that enjoy it.I never tried the online component and was not interested, but it involves attacking other players bases and capturing their resources or staff based on the explanation. Basically, there is no shortage of content in this game.Overall this game is very good. It loses its charm further in where the content repeats itself and you realize that there is nothing new offered onto the table. At that point it came down to forcing myself through the last 15 missions and ignored the side ops after having completed around 30. While I like completing as much as possible, pushing the most out of a game, and generally enjoy long games, the level of repetition became too much. If you like the sound of a combination of shooter and open world, despite not having played metal gear games, give this a shot.Personal experience score: 7/10Story: 6.5/10 - A dark story with a lot of mature content, the flow is decent until mission 30 or so where it becomes fragmented. The story never really feels conclusive in any waySound: 5/10 - For the majority there isn't much sound. Some atmosphere based sounds, shots, and boring music. The default sound level is extremelyloud, so headset users bewareGraphics: 8.5/10 - Very good and decently realistic. Some of the landscape lacks detail or looks a bit outdatedControls: 7/10 - Decent, but be warned the movement while crouching. You are going to die at least once because your character crawls backward while you press forward during stealth.Game Length: 6/10 - Excessive, to do all 50  missions, a chunk of the 157 side ops, and other side stuff will net between 70-80 hours pending skill. It can be beaten much quicker or easily last over 100 hours pending what you want to get out of the game (do all side ops, get an S rank for all missions, collectables). What makes the game length excessive is the repetitive nature of many missions and a lack of variety"
76561198080202584,Recommended,287700,32680392,Posted: 23 June,all,Alfasit,"Last masterpiece of Kojima Senpai's gift to all humanity while he was at Konami. And probabbly the last ""Metal Gear Solid"" we know right now.Our kids won't know this.Play it, make it play others."
,Recommended,287700,22895422,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,reyn,best early access game i've played yet.
76561198160668526,Recommended,287700,17904470,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Persona Non Grata,"A hundred percent Hideo Kojima Game!""Thanks for that, Boss"" for everything you've done for us."
,Recommended,287700,33185958,Posted: 3 July,all,Tepes,Kojima Productions = 10/10
76561198126969441,Recommended,287700,31498091,Posted: 1 May,all,dong,It has a dog with an eyepatch.11/10 best game
,Recommended,287700,31175059,Posted: 16 April,all,MoonTes,"The Best, The Biggest and Last Kojima's MGSI'll miss you Snake..."
,Recommended,287700,26722578,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,TheQuickDeath,"I have played every game in the series, and this game lifes up to the series name, good graphics, good story, BUT when you finnish the game you are left with a few questions, bcz there the chapter 3 is missing, but excluding that, it's a good game and I really recommend it if you are a veteran of the series or just a new person that never saw this games before, I hope you have a wonderfull time playing."
,Recommended,287700,33143807,Posted: 2 July,all,o ECHOES o,Broke my heart :(
,Recommended,287700,26811308,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jervin,Awesome game way worth the money <3 Hail Kojima!
,Recommended,287700,26969495,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cidem,"Metal Gear Solid V is the latest and most likely final project in the Metal Gear franchise supervised and developed by legendary creative director Hideo Kojima. Metal Gear Solid V (or MGSV) is a third person stealth-oriented open world game with elements of management gameplay as seen in Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker. You play as the enigmatic Big Boss, a man hailed as the greatest soldier of the 21st century, awakening from a 9 year coma caused by an attack on his private military company's HQ. Now seeking to rebuild his perfect Outer Heaven for soldiers, Big Boss sneaks, shoots, and stabs his way back to the top while battling his rivals and uncovering a sinister plot along the way.MGSV's basic moment to moment gameplay is without a doubt the best in the series thus far, the reason for this being that an open world setting (as opposed to linear setpieces in previous games) and the ability to manufacture and choose your tools and weaponry allows the player unlimited freedom of choice during their experience. From wearing intimidating armor and gunning down enemies with reckless abandon, to sneaking in without so much as touching a guard, MGSV allows the player to do as they please.While the player explores the environment (whether by sneaking under grates or driving through the countryside) they are able to retrieve various materials, items and even manpower for the other major part of the gameplay: Mother Base Management. A significant portion of the game will be spent developing platforms, researching items, and assigning soldiers with the aim of rebuilding your lost empire. As your base grows, so too do your abilities and possibilities in the field.The main story of the game is presented in ""Episodes"" which generally are standalone missions with their own goals and bonus objectives. The plot is without a doubt the most contended aspect of the game. As some may know, MGSV's development process was troubled and the game is believed to have been released while only about 60% finished, leaving the game's plot at times incoherent and disappointing. This is indeed an issue I cannot avoid - the plot of MGSV has significant problems due mostly in part to the unfinished narrative. Promised features, events, and ideas are never fleshed out or explored and I believe we only have the publisher, Konami, to blame for this.Still, what we are given in the game that was released is a wildly addictive and enjoyable stealth experience. This game is perfect for the type of gamer who doesn't need a winding and complex plot in their games. Fans of the series may be disappointed with the story, but will most likely enjoy the gameplay presented by MGSV regardless.It is in my opinion that MGSV is deeply flawed, but still deserving of a purchase."
,Recommended,287700,26794258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GufLives,"Я ядерный,я дикий,я ползаю в коробке по траве."
,Recommended,287700,26827841,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WingEater,"With a plot as empty of logic and cohesion as a student's wallet of money, this game sets you up for one hell of an experience. A seemingly repetitive core game mechanic of capture base, free hostages and/or annihilate enemy forces that manages to somehow stay interesting and challenge the player. Don't ask me how or why, for this has been Kojima's trademark. Don't ask. Just enjoy.Graphically and soundwise the game falls into the category of 'fine'. Not being spectacular like say GTA V, Battlefield or the Witcher 3, but neither falling into the category of mediocre looking and sounding games. This greatly helps deliver the game's weird storyline, absurd progression system and helps sell amazing storyline missions.One weaker side of the game can potentially be found in the inclusion of the typical publisher online tag-ons. With a seemingly random competition between your own base and other players' bases. Which are part of the progression system. This competition however, fails to have any lasting impact upon your single player game.And in all, this game delivers fun. Probably for over a hundred hours."
,Recommended,287700,24313622,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Твигги,"415 rubs for sale.Браво, Коджима!"
,Recommended,287700,30363870,Posted: 6 March,all,CEOJNO,"Why are we still here? Just to suffer? Every night, I can feel my leg... and my arm... even my fingers. The body I've lost... the comrades I've lost... won't stop hurting... It's like they're all still there. You feel it, too, don't you? I'm gonna make them give back our past.""— Kazuhira Miller"
,Recommended,287700,23757282,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,R A i N O TH R O k,"Bought the ""day one"" edition on console. Loved the game so much on console I bought the downloaded version so I wouldn't have to change disks and have it ready. Gave up on consoles and bought it on steam. I honestly can't say I have bought a new game three times over except maybe Diablo 1&2 back in its day.. Especially THIS generation.This game is so GOOD, from solo stealth gameplay to all out ""snake eyes said your good for it. What money? Alright Johnny I'm sorry. I'm gonna give you till the count of ten to get your no good yella keester off my propert- alright johnn- 1, 2, TEN!!!!!!!!!!"" Moments. From the 80s tape player ""iDroid"" deployment technology, too the wolf companion and practically nude sniper babe you can have by your side. The gameplay is absolutely 100% GOTY. The unlockables from ground zeroes is a nice touch- not a crucial part of the game but I've enjoyed it momentarily.Wish there were more radical towelheads though opposed to so many Russian troops everywhere in Afghanistan, but it doesn't effect the gameplay.This CAN be a grind styled gameplay however it absolutely can be a played leisurely at your own paced with side missions and base upgrading soldiers to better ranks. The DLC is not mandatory blackmail gamers into getting the upper edge on the game, it's all cosmetic and doesn't effect anything, in my opinion that's perfect.There's loose talk about how konami did kojima wrongly- which is true and unfortunate. In consiquence we lost a chapter of content prior to the game going gold, which is a real bummer about this game, however it will NOT be for sale at a later date just to juice us gamers into sucking out hard earned dollars, no season pass BS! Completely GOTY 2015. Period.The graphics and sounds are spot on. The research and development tree is what will keep you coming back. You'll unlock better variants of weapons and tech through the whole game, and it gets hellishly good towards the end. .50 cal armor penitrating snipers. Oh you get a D-Walker (mech) which has its own tree of tech development, minigun or straight rocket launchers too silenced ZZZ sleep bullets. Remember that there is a silenced rolling mode for the walker as well! You don't have to be big boss the entire game, every troop you recruit has a probability of a special trait, I look for ""athletics"" gives your playable combat perk to sprint faster allowing you to complete mission that much quicker and you don't have to listen to keefers voice. Also playable as a female while big boss stays at base. MGSV is versatile you have literally TONS of ways you can play. You make the difficulty by the way you choose your weapon load outs. Blowing up comm stations (3 satellites and or the communication radio desk) will be damaged for up to three missions before they get repaired and replaced!  The sadistic torment you can give the enemy soon to be converted to Diamond Dogs soldiers or corpse, hearing them call to headquarters as if HQ doesn't give a hoot about them while you have your scopes on their nose.This game is so solid. Not much of a pun intended!In more or less beginning of the game a mission which initially turned me off ""where do bees sleep"" posed some dumb mechanics into the gameplay but it's far and few between. More just plot building which turned out, again, pretty solid!As I write this, weeks ago the game dropped from $59 to $39 and as I currently write this its on summer sale $27.99 c'mon c''mon! You will be very happy with this game.If you playedas solid snake in  metal gear solid on PS1 the plot is its 1984 and you're ""Big Boss"" ehh regardless the plot timeline truly has very lite to do with all of it but if you've followed it up till now chances are you already own this. But if back story or future story doesn't interest you the F-Ing gameplay will.10/10 because I wrote this review."
76561197966646258,Recommended,287700,17855837,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Emperor Visari,Konami: No place for HideoTruth: No replacement for HideoThis is a Hideo Kojima game.
,Recommended,287700,18227087,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,d  g m e a t,"I put a hook on a tank, it got sucked up into a wormhole and it became my tank. Kojima, you've done it again."
,Recommended,287700,32108662,Posted: 1 June,all,rokmcBamm,"Started off with playing pirated version.Loved MGS my whole life.Loved this game especially too much that I had to buy the definitive version.Loved it even more so when I realized I can simply transfer over saved files from the pirated version to the official one.Can't get enough of this game.I probably already racked up around 70-80 Hours of gameplay with the pirated version.I will most likely rack up more than the same number of hours with the online capability now.This is simply a must-get title, especially for MGS, stealth, or military game fans.Does everything it does very well and more.Gotta depart for a side-op now.Bye."
,Recommended,287700,32264080,Posted: 8 June,all,Ｃｌａｒａｒｉｎ,Is very nice. I have been having many funs.
76561198040634028,Recommended,287700,32293655,Posted: 9 June,all,mattmck,"This game will have you repeating missions over and over again to get that perfect score. Graphics are fantastic, and the story is great as it always has been with MGS games. Weapons customization is great, and so is the vast amount of different equipment, vehicles, and weapons available. Buy it!"
76561198071747296,Recommended,287700,29900693,Posted: 13 February,all,Meido Geometry,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Painis a stealth-based third-person shooter sandbox game developed by Hideo Kojima. The game respects your initiative and intelligence in ways no other game of its like does. About a third of the way through the game, you're tasked with infiltrating a camp to rescue one specific hostage out of a group of hostages. You are advised by your mission support to quietly follow the on-site Afrikaans-speaking interpreter until he leads you to the English-speaking hostage you need to rescue, at which point you should extract both the hostage for information and the interpreter for his linguistic abilities. But just by chance, far in the distance early in the mission, I accidentally spotted the man I was supposed to rescue through my binoculars, being escorted at gunpoint by a guard from halfway across the map. Once I realized this, I ignored the interpreter, ran over to the hostage, knocked out the guard, and saved my target. Yes, my mission support initially asked me why I was abandoning the interpreter, but I did not fail my mission by deviating from the script, and I was then free to go back and kidnap the interpreter without him ever having had a chance to interrogate the man I just saved.There are a few significant things to understand here. First, in the sandbox genre where most similar games would fail you for having strayed too far from the interpreter, I was allowed to go off-script so long as I got the job done. Second, this is made possible by the fact that the prisoner I was supposed to rescue isn't someone who spontaneously shows up only when it's his turn to be interrogated; he exists from the moment the mission starts, and how I want to rescue him and when is entirely up to me. In fact, despite the initial objections of your mission support, the game tacitlyencouragesthis; when I replayed that mission, I realized that there's an intel file hidden away on a desk that I can scan, revealing where they were holding all the hostages and the route my target was being escorted through. The game understands that once I acquired a different lead, a different advantage, I was under no obligation to follow my previous lead to the end. It gave me a huge playground and it allowed me to complete story missions exactly the way I wanted to. This reflects against the common complaint about sandbox games is that although the world is open in theory, when a mission actually begins, you are actually forced to follow a very narrow path from point A to point B. Don't go beyond this mission area. Don't stray too far from your escort target. Do this with that exact tool.The Phantom Paincommits none of these sins.The story, as per the best traditions ofMetal Gear Solid, is something of a love-it-or-hate-it affair. It carries the hallmarks of Kojima's writing: Supernatural elements and incredible - and often incredulous - plot twists set against the backdrop of real world scenarios. Melodramatic dialogue accompanying a great deal of exposition about everything from biology to history to mechanical engineering. Emotive characters and over-the-top villains. Lady-boobs and man-butts. But while opinion will likely remain divided as to whether or not Kojima's writing is any good, one thing I can certainly grant Kojima is that he's agreatdirector when it comes to building atmosphere in his cutscenes. The game includes two very dramatic missions that are incredibly suspenseful, captivating, and terrifying in the sort of way that makes it some of gaming's most memorable sequences.Still,The Phantom Painis not without its faults. From a gameplay perspective, I could not help but feel that the game was incredibly easy. Most pertinently, you can very easily run away from most engagements. In previousMetal Gear Solidtitles, being discovered was a serious consequence because the levels - while not entirely linear - were somewhat restricted in size, and so there was a limit to where you can hide in a single building. Selecting a good hiding spot and evading pursuers was important in part because the density of guards ensured a thorough search pattern that challenged your capacity to hide. InThe Phantom Pain, the world is not only vast, but feels a little empty, a collection of self-contained outposts (ranging from three to a maximum of seven guards) and bases (which are manned by roughly twenty guards). Armored vehicles that patrol the roads and gunships that reconnoiter from the sky show up in story missions, but enemy activity in free roam beyond outposts and bases don't really go beyond a few unarmed trucks being driven around by two solders each. When you run away from an enemy encounter, the world is just so vast that the enemy's attempts to search for you are short in duration and small in range, covering only a small fraction of the perimeter surrounding the base. Enemy troops stationed at outposts still ultimately come with a fairly healthy variety of equipment, with assault rifles, shotguns, submachine guns, shields, riot suits, machine gun emplacements, and mortars. ButThe Phantom Painclearly has the potential to do more with it, and it doesn't.On the narrative side of the equation, executive meddling has cut out half of the planned plot. More importantly, the game is weighed down by twenty-eight years of baggage, tying the Big Boss era games to the Solid Snake era games.The Phantom Painhas to explaineverything, making it very restrictive to newcomers to the franchise. I was reasonably appreciative of how the story resonated with its themes of revenge. A lot of the story is watching the characters we knew and loved becoming increasingly self-destructive, on-screen and off-screen, understanding that the characters are growing further away from each other, marching inexorably towards foregone conclusions as they take up their roles and fates in games set further down the chronology. Watching these characters develop while knowing their future fates was a depressing experience. But so much of the game's emotional impact is dependent on existing attachment and experiences with the characters. Newcomers will undoubtedly feel like they've walked into a story just as it is coming to an end.Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Painis not a perfect game, but its weaknesses are particularly glaring only because of how great it is. I have spent two weeks doing nothing with my free time except playing it, and I regret very little of it.There is a timed story mission in the first act where you are hired by your client to intercept the enemy armored vehicle reinforcements traveling along a series of roads spanning three kilometers on their way to an off-screen battle. In the subsequent fifteen minutes, I dismantle the guard detail of the base that all enemy vehicles must eventually pass through, rescuing prisoners and stealing weapons that are being transported through the area, ambushing tanks that come down the roads and stealing them for my own private army, multitasking like mad. The enemy soldiers hear the explosions of my C4 packs, they radio their headquarters, they send search parties after me, but I disappear into the shadows, riding off on my horse through three kilometers of countryside. In the lulls in between, I make enemy search parties sent after me disappear one-by-one. I listen to increasingly frantic enemy radio traffic, listening to soldiers cry out about gunfire and explosions they can hear but can't locate, listening to the enemy HQ unable to contact search parties that I have just made disappear, listening to reports of vanishing enemy tanks. I felt like a real freedom fighter, reveling in the escalating panic of my enemies. And as I do so, Miller radios me, summing up the massive appeal of the game as he declares, ""Keep going, Boss! This is the stuff legends are made of!"""
,Recommended,287700,32095831,Posted: 31 May,all,Vaudevillain,"This game is so incredibly huge, there is so much to do and see, and pretty much every aspect of it just leaves me awestruck. All of the characters are fascinating, and all their stories are explained. The introduction of Quiet is magnificent, making her one of my top 5 Metal Gear charactersand her leaving at the end broke my heart even worse than the death of The Boss in Snake Eater.Having played most Metal Gears (4 being the exception), it is a grand final game after Kojima threw in the towel recently. However, it all comes at a cost: the ending of this installment. Really, what happened? Should they have stopped afterthe death of Skullface? Why introduce so many great characters and have it end like someone was like ""alright, it's 5, let's submit this and call it a day""? I honestly think there should be a DLC providing a solid, satisfactory ending, I would buy it right away to give this really slick and amazing game some closure."
76561198139194557,Recommended,287700,26094730,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,"Kotaro, the Legendary Wolf Lord","Well, I don't actually recommend it...or NOT recommend it, for that matter.  (Steam, you need to work on the review system...add a NEUTRAL button or something.)So, this game...where to start...it WAS good...WAS.Why do I say it WAS good?A few reasons...First, the fact that it's INCOMPLETE...they stopped development on this game when it was only roughly 75% complete...mainly because the big man himself, Hideo Kojima, stepped down as one of the big shots of Konami...he basically retired in the middle of this project...HOPING that Konami would finish what he started...THEY DIDN'T...Which brings me to reason number 2...THE REMOVAL OF THE BATTLE GEAR...Originally, the Battle Gear was supposed to be usable in actual missions...but, because of Kojima's absence...they scrapped it and decided to make it a Detachment Mission unit only...which ticked A LOT of people off...those who had the privilege of being around the game when the Battle Gear was still usable were OUTRAGED to lose their proverbial ""ace in the hole""...And speaking of scrapped things...reason number three...THE STORY WAS LEFT WITHOUT AN ACTUAL ENDING...They scrapped the TRUE Final Mission...Mission 51...after some issues getting the game all finalized...we were given an unresolved storyline consisting of 45 some missions...and they decided to make it up to us by giving us these ridiculous CHALLENGE missions...which make up the other half of the ""story""...the challenge missions are ridiculous.So...do I recommend this game?  At the present time, and given how the game ended up after many, MANY revisions...No...No I do not.  I cannot with a right mind recommend an incomplete, unfinished game to anybody...nevertheless, it IS a Metal Gear game...and therefore it has a great deal of merit...but if you are expecting something that's supposed to be a step up from the experience in MGS4: Guns of the Patriots...you'll be pleased/disappointed...it's gonna be a mixed bag of feelings for long time series fans like myself...So, I'm not going to say YES, BUY THIS. or NO, DON'T BUY THIS... because it's a bit more complicated than any of us realize...even me.In conclusion...if you already own this, good for you/I'm sorry for how it turned out for us...if you don't...I can't tell you whether you should get this or not...it's up to you.  I've told you the facts...whether they deter you from buying this or not is up to you."
,Recommended,287700,29027983,Posted: 4 January,all,C4rLiToShZ16,"last metal gear game i played was metal gear solid for the ps1. honestly the level of thought that went into this game is amazing. all the details they kept in mind, it just keeps amazing me as I keep playing it. They even managed to keep the metal gear solid feel after all these years. 10/10"
76561198167508706,Recommended,287700,29596248,Posted: 30 January,all,Kafe Shostakovich,a love letter to men.10/10
76561198068865782,Recommended,287700,32462398,Posted: 15 June,all,kafstar1,makes wildlands look ridiculous
,Recommended,287700,29028384,Posted: 5 January,all,FadedXD,Nice game with so much decisions. You can play it everyday 24/7 and there will be still something to do.:D
,Recommended,287700,29026556,Posted: 4 January,all,Nuclearwafflez,Tis good.
76561197986587878,Recommended,287700,25348340,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,sjattuh,"One of the best games I ever played. Smooth, challeging, good graphics, great story, awesome overal gameplay, and yes Quiet's body..."
,Recommended,287700,17952135,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,TaylorObb,"I will try to keep this as little bias as I can since I have played all of the Metal Gear's and loved them (exept the very first one.) Anyway you will like this game if you like deciding what the hell you want to do when you want to do it. This one in my opinion has the worst story out of the series, just because I don't feel snake is really snake in this one, BUT it still is a pretty good story, well if you know whats happening!Pros- 2x Good sized maps- Very good graphics- Very well optimised (I have a gtx 660 and am running everything on high and getting a smooth 60fps.)- When there is cutscenes they are very very well done- Gunplay is very fun- Able to do you to a certain extent- Story is above average of most games still, though many times unless you have played the old ones you will not get the    references, or any idea of what they will be talking about.- Many, many missions to keep the game going.- Motherbase makes it feel like it's actually yours!- Very interesting and challenging FOB attacks.- Almost no loading screens in the game, and when there is it's not that long.Cons- I can tell this will feel very repetitive eventually to most people- They reuse spots from old missions in new missions, so it's not very unique feeling when doing missions.- The controls are not bad, but they are certainly not good either.- D-Horse is terrible at movement- AI is not that smart as you would have hoped for.- AI as far as I can tell is not dynamic like they said!- Server's are constantly going up and down (probably will be fixed soon*It's playable though*)- Did not come with multiplayer yet!!!"
76561198128945189,Recommended,287700,27710209,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Don't Mind Me,Still shocked for the ending plot twist
76561198002366104,Recommended,287700,17876840,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Thunder,"Started mission with a loud loadout, Assault rifle and pistol to match with some C4. Arrive outside operation area via helicopter and sneak through town placing C4 on Communications and Radar to stop enemy reinforcements and to allow friendly evac to come in closer.Everything's set up..3..2..1 BOOM and thus the enemy base goes up with the enemy radio chatter going beserk for reinforcments and sitrep..only to find out they can't get any help. Smashed through all the inf with my assault rifle and found the prisoner throwing her onto my back whilst recieving her thanks. Pistol's in hand as I carry her and I call in Evac chopper inside the town but wait..enemy patrol has just returned so I'm back peddling desperately unloading pistol mag after pistol mag into the enemy as my evac chopper decends firing off its miniguns.Throwing her into chopper and climbing in we fly off with a ""Side Ops complete"" (Side Mission basically)10/10 Never had so much fun in a side mission before"
,Recommended,287700,33728961,Posted: 22 July,all,saint_sword,Great game. Another solid game for the Metal Gear franchise. I just wish that they had more diverse mini games and more exploration at the middle and end of the game as they did at the beginning.
,Recommended,287700,33622718,Posted: 17 July,all,Yoba From Star Wars,"Considering this is my first Metal Gear Solid Game I give this game a 9/10, its a masterpiece, from the open world to the different missions, you can either go loud or stealth play your own way.  This game is addicting.  I'm not lying it really is.  My only problems are that some parts of the games feel incomplete and there's nothing really much to do after you finish the story."
,Recommended,287700,33736741,Posted: 22 July,all,ASingleSnail,"11 hours in and only 7% completiongreat, fun open world game with tons of content."
,Recommended,287700,24368905,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Nick,Walks too far away from the standard MGS formula by having far less homoeroticism than what we've come to expect from an MGS game.0/10.
,Recommended,287700,24601171,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Chancy,"Considering I´ve played 2 other metal gear games before this and watched let´s plays of the ones I didn´t own,the story seems to be the weakest one from the other games in this series. This game features some story elements from MGS3 and MGS Peace Walker,so if you didn´t played them before...It wouldn´t matter. Because the story doesn´t seem to be the main selling point here. The reason I actually bought this was because of the expansive gameplay and opportunities it provides.Before a mission starts,you are given a choice of various weapons and equipment,as well as choosing a companion to go on your mission. The catch here is that you need to decide yourself what is best to bring on the mission. If for example you need to assasinate a commander,the best weapon would be a sniper refile as he would most likely be surrounded by guards and thus be harder to get close by.Or a mission where you need to destroy tank units. These are impossible to do if you don´t bring in a rocket launcher or any kind of explosives. But worry do not,as the game allows you to call in resupplies or equipment via drop. In cost of gmp,the in game currency.But so far, I ""only"" played 23 hours as I´m writing this,but the experience I had was really,really fun. So if you have the money,go buy this game. Not for the story as I find it mediocre,but for the fantastic gameplay."
,Recommended,287700,17951882,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,The Shinsh,There is no review.  Just play it.
76561198047909180,Recommended,287700,24690698,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,DarkMatter,"Worth the money, unlike plenty of other games recently. Not the best Metal Gear game, but it's got some content and some of it is even funny and some missions are quite enjoyable unless you repeat them 1000 times. Some missions are well thought out and enjoyable with many different methods of completeion, but there are a few missions that have 1 or two simple ways to complete them and don't have the replayability factor that other missions have.Metal Gear Solid on the PC, and this time the keyboard and mouse even works and you get a full  adventure, kind of, sort of well partly. They pretty much skipped the end. But hey you learn how to be a boss, Big Boss, again, with important lessons on how to treat your staff. So if you are a♥♥♥♥♥♥and can't handle position's of reponsibility or the power over others, you can carry out your sick perverted power lust with even the right to kill your own employees, not just fire them from employment because you are a total♥♥♥♥♥♥One of the best openings in a recent game, which doesn't sasy (♥♥♥♥ spelling) a whole lot, but BF1 is borrowing ideas for it's promotional material, yeah well.... Lot's of butt crack, sexual inuendo, death, drug use, carboard box and the super natrual. Kill various wildlife and putt it in your pocket. Hook almost anything or anyone to trusty balloon and deliver it to Motherbase via skyhook, even a tank or a horse and it will likely make it depending on the weather.You can do the full undeteced Stealth run through a mission for A rating, or take down everyone and everything. Use Takedowns or alternative soultions during missions to rack up points, while all the while collecting everything to amass resources to make Motherbase better and better, plus unlock♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yes you can unlock♥♥♥♥♥♥through R&D etc by choking dudes unconcious, skyhook em, gank, home to Motherbase, assigned to whatever department, YOU WORK FOR ME NOW!It's got a fairly good story up to a point so I won't ruin it by revealing much, I'll let Konami do it for you. The gameplay is good if you do it all Stealth and there is plenty of time to stuff around later on so at least try and get to Episode 2 fairly quick, though feel free to A rate the first Episode if you wish with no lethals and total Stealth.One of the best games in the last year or so for singleplayer campaign but most have been utter pox, though the multiplayer isn't too much chop so far.. so far ... so far  king like a lot of other games lately. It's not as good as the first Metal Gear games, but it's got a bit of the flavour, just needed a little more time in the oven.But at least this one's singleplayer's good. Got box and crack, what more could you want for now? Go and punch your recruits now!SCOT WEIRD JAPANESE♥♥♥♥♥♥knock out your horse PICK POPIES"
,Recommended,287700,30483934,Posted: 12 March,all,Mother Teresa,"Not usually a fan of shooter/stealth games, but this has been an absolute delight. I wish I'd gotten into this series sooner. Great gameplay, interesting story, and it remains fun and engaging even if you suck."
,Recommended,287700,17869776,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ᚡᛁ᛫ᛋᛏᚨᚾᛞᛖᚾ,The inspiring story of a snake and his teleporting horse.
76561198167686193,Recommended,287700,24165484,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Triceracop,!
,Recommended,287700,17856371,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Cloudie <3,"I just got a supply drop coming and when I got to the area, it was on the roof. I had to rob a truck and jump at the edge and get my things then a random chopper came in and shot me. I ran into an army and diedFunny how D-Horse was just staring at me dying and now doing♥♥♥♥♥♥I will learn my lesson next time 10/10"
,Recommended,287700,34787667,Posted: 6 September,all,|TSG| Xowlek™,"This game is stunning. A true work of art. Kojima once again has stunned us with another masterpiece. I cannot recommend this game enough. If you have the cash and time to play this, definitely do it."
,Recommended,287700,34797021,Posted: 7 September,all,Wynathan,Ko-o-o-oji-i-i-ima-a-a-a!!!
76561198137502923,Recommended,287700,34839010,Posted: 9 September,all,HoogaShaaka,"This is Pequod, arriving shortly at lz10/10"
,Recommended,287700,34854045,Posted: 9 September,all,ALEX_MORA,"Ups, kojima did it again! A ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece!"
,Recommended,287700,34858112,Posted: 10 September,all,Ulano,Story not as good as in other Metal Gear Solid games but it's still a very SOLID game.
,Recommended,287700,34874304,Posted: 10 September,all,Blooming Onion,Imagine spending 9 years preparing to give a speech about language and barriers only to give said speech to the wrong person.
76561198176125513,Recommended,287700,28488775,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Frostlaw,Pros-Awesome graphics-Good story-Detailed enemies-Open world (personal)Cons-Repeating missions-Can be buggy-Camera angle can be a little f up
,Recommended,287700,22450536,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,im not playing,"This game is the bomb, just like Paz"
,Recommended,287700,23212042,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MundaneBread,"The ending fell flat. I mostly played this game on the ps3, so this is a huge step up. The story is thin, the gameplay is the best in the series. It's still a solid game."
,Recommended,287700,27220054,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EienDream,Snake. You da man.
76561198304518505,Recommended,287700,23074318,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,boneless pizza plz,"I've played 9 hours, and I have only completed 5% of the missions...Talk about ""Story Rich""This game is just straight out amazingAlthough most of the ""open world"" is empty (especially in Afghanistan), the missions are still very intense and the storyline is greatPlus, the game gives you endless possibilities on how to approach a mission/situation.GOOD JOB KONAMI"
,Recommended,287700,29953992,Posted: 15 February,all,kamiL,Nearly perfect game! Nice job Mr. Kojima
,Recommended,287700,33447731,Posted: 10 July,all,TheSheriffsHat,"This game is one of the most amazing games Ive ever played in a long time. I was never into the metal gear lore before this game and now Im hooked. This game is all pros from me except for a few things. Number One: The game is unfinished, if you look hard enough you can find cut peices of the game.  Number 2: ♥♥♥♥ KONAMI"
,Recommended,287700,28858851,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MrCokTatli,"This game is simply amazing. It is true, that a part of the game is unfinished but it is still rewarding to play the whole campaign (#♥♥♥♥Konami). The game puts you in the shoes of Big Boss who is actually the villain of the whole Metal Gear series. The story is set during the Afganistan war (1984) and makes you fight against the soviet union. The stealth gameplay, great soundtrack and amazing story makes this game a masterpiece. A good metal gear to start with for people new to the franchise (including me)."
76561198046195469,Recommended,287700,17938449,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,L'Carpetron Dookmarriot,"Came for Hidoe Kojima, Stayed for Quiet. 10/10 would Infiltrate again."
,Recommended,287700,28443998,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,0x0049,This game is a masterpiece.
,Recommended,287700,23339349,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,huge D.,"One of the best Metal Gear games. I personally think it would have been great to add some features like chasing your own food and treating injuries just as in MGS3, and add the possibility to use your codec frequencies like previous mgs games, but new things like world open, buddies, features and items, and different kinds of missions, has made me really enjoy each moment of the game despite not having a good pc, so I could imagine any other player fulfilling the recommended requirements would enjoy it even more, highly recommended."
,Recommended,287700,27087264,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VENOM,Gameplay is the best you can find but not the story you were looking for
,Recommended,287700,33623675,Posted: 17 July,all,Thoreaufare,There's exactly twelve minutes and forty-three seconds worth of audio specifically about hamburgers.
,Recommended,287700,26908781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neal The Seal,GG WP good game.
76561198392581374,Recommended,287700,32960729,Posted: 28 June,all,Tyrannicide,Buy?! BUY?! BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUY!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,287700,17922424,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Nightrader,-
,Recommended,287700,30132155,Posted: 23 February,all,SkyOnPC,"Incredible but sadly cut short story, FOB's makes the game endlessly playable. Fantastic optimization on the FOX Engine. Solid mechanics, I wish there was CO-OP. I wish that ArmA 3 ran and played nearly as well as this game."
,Recommended,287700,25326423,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Matthew Keith Twine,"This game has the strongest gameplay of any Metal Gear Solid Game,But the weakest story.One of my all-time favourite stealth games, utilizing distractions, disguises, horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ knife dogs, and cardboad boxes unlike any game out there.Metal Gear Solid V gives you the option of playing a serious character completing missions flawlessly or playing a dude in a chicken hat running around in a cardboard box.Beautiful open-ended gameplay,challenging stealth and gunplay,Tons of available play-styles,Runs well on any PC, incredibly well optimized,Kinda trash story.I recommend this game based on it's amzing gameplay alone, you won't regret playing through this almost masterpiece."
76561198037568784,Recommended,287700,33761272,Posted: 24 July,all,Astrogoat,It's alright
,Recommended,287700,23610767,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,GigglesMcMuffin,There's a watergun. It's the best weapon in game.
,Recommended,287700,30596734,Posted: 18 March,all,RorschachSnake,"For non-Metal Gear fans:This is the best way to start if you're just in it for the stealth-action. The game is amazing to experiment with, has tons of variety if you allow yourself to play differently from time to time, and the journey is accompanied with interesting characters and fun set-pieces. If you're in it for the themes and story, you're better off buying a PS3 and playing MGS1-4 and Peace Walker (and Ground Zeroes, which is on Steam as well) first, and then diving into this one.For Metal Gear fans:If you're looking for a story as grand, epic and cinematic as the original series or even Peace Walker, wait for Death Stranding (presumably). If you're open to new ideas, abstract concepts, seeing new sides of existing characters and experiencing what went on in the shadows leading up to the story of Solid Snake and the fall of Big Boss, this game will keep you thinking for years on end. On top of that, this is the best gameplay in the series."
,Recommended,287700,30597441,Posted: 18 March,all,EMoney,"Mechanically this is easily one of the best games I have ever played. Everything you do in the game feels great, and the stealth-action is better than any game I've ever played. There are numerous open-world game type things you can do, like developing new weapons, scouting out people to join your army, collecting things, playing through numerous simple tasks, and replaying the main missions to earn higher scores. While some people may struggle with how a lot of the game is repeated missions and tasks, I greatly enjoyed it all simply due to how well the game plays.The story was compelling and had some really impactful moments, but overall as someone coming into the Metal Gear Franchise for the first time I was a little disappointed. I felt like a lot of the big moments weren't earned, like they just came up too quickly without enough exposition leading up to them. Maybe I'm just sad that the game wasn't 200+ hours instead of 100+ hours for me to beat. Now if only the rest of the Metal Gear franchise could be re-made in this way so I could see the full story laid out.The multiplayer aspect comes into focus around the 2nd half of the game, and it's pretty interesting...but the repetitive nature of it is a little much for me, so I am not going to dig into it too much.Grab this game on a sale, and you'll get plenty of enjoyable hours out of it."
,Recommended,287700,30609938,Posted: 19 March,all,about 47 t-rexes,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. The story, presentation, characters, and gameplay are all amazing, above anything I have ever seen in a game. At least, for the first half; The second half really slows down and lessens the experience. It's still a masterpiece, and a must play."
,Recommended,287700,29912724,Posted: 13 February,all,TheNutCracker,"As usual MGS has not let me down! i thoroughly enjoyed the storyline and love the added sense of humor. i was very pleased to see they hadn't binned the cardboard box.one question though, can we still make him vomit? ^_^if you're after a game that's packed with well over 100 hours of gameplay, open world, stealth and strategy ..then this is for you.thanks Boss"
,Recommended,287700,32076792,Posted: 30 May,all,Washing Machine,Fantastic game. Throw mags at enemies' faces for a great time.
,Recommended,287700,27460365,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ｋｉｎｇ  Ｄｉｃｅ,One of the greatest games ever made.
,Recommended,287700,27335318,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,heliosmj12,"Possibly the best installment of the Metal Gear Solid series.  Great gameplay, the storyline is a bit weird, but it wouldn't be MGS without a weird story.I only really bought the game for the SP campaign and not the online .  I cannot recommend playing MGOnline, as the stealth aspect of the game goes completely out the window, and becomes yet another all out shooter game."
,Recommended,287700,27545583,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jäger,i liked it....
76561198053934938,Recommended,287700,30675754,Posted: 22 March,all,megatron,"Its a very goood game for singleplayer. However, multiplayer is dead and FOB has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥because of hackers and cheaters. No more legit players in this game."
76561198070392020,Recommended,287700,18103380,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,TGKnight2,"im not very good at wrtiting reveiws so dont expect much . The story of MGS V TTP is lacking and feels unfinished or unrefined storywise but is still quite enjoyable with all its casset tapes and hidden content and the game play is good , snake now moves alot smoother and the anamations on everything else is smooth aswell and all of the equipment you can obtain are very interesting to say the least ."
76561197971581643,Recommended,287700,17854356,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Brianan,"I was born in 1985.  I've been playing video games since my mother and father saved up and got a Ninendo Entertainment System for my sisters and I when I was three years old.This is, hands down, the best game I've played, to date, in my entire life.Not only are all the aspects of the game (open world, missions, building up mother base, calling in assistance/supplies while in the field, customazation) deep and highly polished, they all blend seamlessly to create a truly thrilling and enjoyable emergant gaming experience.The only thing lacking is the voice of David Hayter.  If Konami wanted to make extra money while appeasing the older fans, they could hire David to record all of Snake's voiceovers and then sell it as a ""Metal Gear Classic: The Phantom Voice"" DLC."
,Recommended,287700,33351452,Posted: 7 July,all,A T L A S,Your suppressor has worn out: The Game
,Recommended,287700,27023506,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Enthrone,3 > 2 > 1 > 4 > 5Well optimized for PC. Don't play this until you've played the first four.
76561198346145062,Recommended,287700,33976064,Posted: 2 August,all,Domicoon,You can put a waifu poster on a cardboard box and use it to distract guards. I love this game. 9.5/10
,Recommended,287700,34053497,Posted: 5 August,all,Deputy Tootle,eez good
76561198257080565,Recommended,287700,27372702,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Prodigy,"Absolutly amazing game! Sad to say but first metal gear game i have ver played, but because of thisa game i have the neeed to play all the games before it. I just wish i didnt have to buy the legacy edition for my ps3.AMAZING GAME!!!!"
76561198048120503,Recommended,287700,17959950,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Whistle,This is the best game i have ever played....Thank you
,Recommended,287700,25949537,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,heavyweather,"Metal Gear...? It's a paradox in a (cardboard) box! One of Kojima's most and least polished games. It plays the best yet has the worst story beats of any numbered MGS. An impressive feat of technology, controls, open world sandbox design philosophy and yet I found myself yearning for the bizarre codec conversations and action movie cutscenes of MGS 1-3. The game flow is somewhat staccato as well, as you transition from menu to menu to menu to advance the story. Odd crafting and research trees cribbed from PSP's Peace Walker encumber the whole process as well. There's online stuff in here too, not that I'd know. All in all, it's a big, bold, final love letter to the series from its father, one that I wouldn't miss. Lots to love here, even if it feels a bit unfinished and rushed out the door."
,Recommended,287700,31217649,Posted: 18 April,all,anahatas,"A classical eyegasm of the times, a real charade of a lifes work being dedicated to the series and making its own independent entity, making own canon and the final chapter from my childhood video game past;The game has a series that has survived the past, stood the test of time, not only exceeded expectations for most games, in terms of quality, story telling, characters, music soundtracks, cinematic cut scenes, camera angles, stealth camo, bandana, usage and more; this is the final chapter, our goodbye and fitting end.There's always more though, someone will continue this one way or another, this series, has inspired and been the sign of the times for game development.It is its own culture, and doesn't have to break away it already did.What you don't trust me? Hundreds of thousands if not millions of fans have already enjoyed metal gear solid & I also say if in doubt, just buy it anyway, and find out why."
,Recommended,287700,27758477,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kazami Yuuka,Mother base ain't free
,Recommended,287700,17963881,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,-=- Xeno -=-,After 26 years of living and having played games since the Sega Master System I can honestly say this is the BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!
76561198096698651,Recommended,287700,17904260,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Jezro,Buy the game. It starts off slow. But once the game gets going you'll see why.
,Recommended,287700,17832088,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ParksandRekt,Who made this game?
,Recommended,287700,17967265,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Hot Soup,Most well optimized port I've ever played and a wonderful entry in the MGS universe
,Not Recommended,287700,18020416,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,FREE SHKRELI,"Why is this game here? Just to make us suffer? Every night, I can feel my excitement... And chapter 3... even chapter 2... The money I've lost... the comrades you've disappointed... won't stop hurting... It's like they're all still there. You feel it, too, don't you?"
,Recommended,287700,30167782,Posted: 25 February,all,Life is sour,It's an excellent game.I wish mission 51 was released.
76561198002053619,Recommended,287700,24016050,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Klavs,"Very sly game. It gets better as You play it, because new features are unlocked. And You can't stop playing it because You want to get those features :)"
,Recommended,287700,24080624,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,BigBowl96,"This game is good, the open world, graphics (especially the character model), gameplay (stealth mechanics) is all very good, but what i don't like about this game is the story, especially the ending of chapter 2 (the cliffhanger ending) and no news for adding chapter 3 in the future because i wanna see the conclusion of Eli that he stole the Sahelanthropus. But if you wanna see some sexy woman, well.. this game is for you (i think)."
76561198100549997,Recommended,287700,24018414,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Zvizdić Pizdić,"Just like Skyrim, YOU WILL LOSE YOUR'E F*CKING LIFE with this game. This has got to be the most comprehensive stealth game ever. If you love these kinds of games you will not be dissapointed with this. You will be dissapointed however if you suffer from minor OCD and if you value your'e job, familiy and or general existence outside of your'e room"
,Recommended,287700,17953227,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,CheesyWhales,You're going to spend so much time playing this game that no one will ever see you again. It's the pinnacle of stealth training technology.
76561198275246494,Recommended,287700,31852548,Posted: 19 May,all,ℳ𝐸𝒯𝐴,"*PROSWhy are we still here… Just to suffer? Every night, I can feel my leg, and my arm… and even my fingers… The body I’ve lost… and the comrades I’ve lost… It won’t stop hurting, like they’re all still there… You feel it too, don’t you? I’m the one who got caught up with Cipher, a group above nations, even the US, and I was the parasite below, feeding off Zero’s power… They came after you in Cyprus, then Afghanistan. Cipher just… keeps growing, swallowing everything in its path, getting bigger and bigger. Who knows how big now… Boss… I’m gonna make ‘em give back our past… Take back everything that we’ve lost. And I won’t rest… until we do. Our new Mother Base. I don’t know how long it’ll take, but I’ll make it bigger… better than before… Boss.*CONSI now own 3 copies of this game, On xbox,Ps4 and Pc being the superior version, I have 100% on xbox and ps4. NOW FOR PC... Man i'm wasting my life."
76561198151371602,Recommended,287700,29305771,Posted: 16 January,all,Sasageyo Time,Good game even i repeat from beginningSorry bad english
,Recommended,287700,25526059,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Names,Quiet's bewbs (   )/(   )
,Recommended,287700,25444713,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[QUESTION MARK],"¦SPOILER WARNING¦So this game is a bit strange when it comes to reviews. the story is terrible and it should have ended at chapter 1, the gamelay is solid but gets extremely repetitive after about 10-20 hours, the main villian dies off almost immidiatly but at this time a haven't managed to unlock the main mission afer 41 and finaly the voice acting is obysmal and can be funny at some times.BUT! and this is a big one... if you like the freedom of walking around afganistan and you dont mind about repition exactly this is the game for you.So as a conclusion i give Metal Gear Solid V a 6/10P.S: If you're a Metal Gear fan you will most likely hate this game with every fibre of your being"
76561198201996116,Recommended,287700,25974751,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,rollinmason88,"""You're extracting HIM?""FFS yes he has an A++ in intel why the hell don't you learn how to use emPHASis, Kaz?"
76561198009332624,Recommended,287700,27565587,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Evil_Mobster,bery gud
,Recommended,287700,25452211,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Gyohdon,its a video game i suppose
76561198020221957,Recommended,287700,34090659,Posted: 7 August,all,PC master race,"Great story and cool gameplay, I'm not a fan of the franchise but I love this game."
,Recommended,287700,34088049,Posted: 7 August,all,Evocashious,Fun and solid gameplay. Get ready to not understand the plot.
,Recommended,287700,34057627,Posted: 6 August,all,Phylo,"Fun but not a fitting conclusion to Metal Gear. Kojima is just as much to blame as Konami is for the game being incomplete, contrary to popular belief. I expected better from him. From a gameplay perspective it's pretty damn good, and my game hours are proof of the fact that I enjoyed this game. The story really lets it down big time though. The story has a great beginning, a serviceable middle and something that can barely be considered an ending. It has absolutely no build-up, coming straight out of nowhere. Up until that ending is reached though, the game is a total blast.One of the biggest issues the game faces is an extreme lack of variety. All the side missions are copy-paste jobs much like what Ubisoft provides in its open world games.I'd recommend it to any gamer interested in open world stealth games. Fans of the franchise however would do better to play Metal Gear Rising, and I only barely recommend MGS V to them."
,Recommended,287700,25739827,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Cleagler,"Quiet is hot 10/10Snake is hot 8/10Ocelot is okay 5/10Miller has no leg, arm and 1 eye 100/10Overall 123/10"
,Recommended,287700,27992248,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Danith,The start is a bit slow but once you get to the open world it gets really fun.  I tranq'd a bear then attached him to a balloon.
,Recommended,287700,27835410,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ASSARTOSE,"The game just gives you mission and says :""I dont care how you'll do it, but it have to be done"".And you cmpleting it your own way.You REALLY feel yourself in charge ff the operation. It's priceless."
76561198170047237,Recommended,287700,17895618,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,fought-toaster98,Awesome game with an excellent story Hideo Kojima always gives you his best.
76561198362721478,Recommended,287700,34166790,Posted: 11 August,all,dey.koushik,According to me for stealth mode it is one of the best game ever.
,Recommended,287700,29052597,Posted: 5 January,all,MMMMMMMMMMMMATT,"Easily the best open world stealth game of all time. unrivaled gameplay,incredibly smart world, amazing in general.If konami had given Kojima the resources he needed, this would be my favorite game of all time, however story is lacking, and that's not good. Especially for a Metal Gear game.9.5/10"
,Recommended,287700,23601971,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Finn,"Its almost as rare to find a game like this, like finding a screenshot not of Quiet. :)"
,Recommended,287700,27371450,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ibuprofen,o7
,Recommended,287700,25192872,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,darkscissors,"I love this game a lot. It has such a unique way of being played with so many different styles.  If you want replayability this game has it, i have replayed and finished the main story many times over each with a different set of rules and challenges. I would say that if you are looking for the best possible experience I reccomend looking into mods for the game first. If you absolutly know nothing about this game then i reccomend watching someone play it on youtube for a little while."
,Recommended,287700,33357932,Posted: 7 July,all,Alxx,"First of all, don't let it being the 5th installment put you off, this game does not require any previous knowledge of the other games in the franchise you can go into this blind and have great fun. On the other hand you can go into this game with all the knowledge from the other games and have just as much fun, learning what happened to Big Boss after MGS:3.One thing I do recommend doing before playing this game is playing Ground Zeroes if you can ( only if you buy the definitive edition ) as it fills in a little bit of information that is somehat crucial to the whole story. You could just watch a plot summary on Youtube or something though.If you are going to get this game, i highly recommend in getting the definitive edition as Ground Zeroes is worth it.EDIT: The definitive edition is the same price as Phantom Pain alone, so you will be an absolute idiot if you don't get it."
,Recommended,287700,34333534,Posted: 18 August,all,Fox/Hound,"Solid (No pun intended) sealth/action gameplay. Even though the endgame recycles from the rest of the game, its a fun adventure."
,Recommended,287700,32434260,Posted: 15 June,all,chybaignacy,Japonia.Skradanka.Wielkie mechy.Programy nuklearne.Klony.Zjawiska paranormalne.10/10
76561198168913752,Recommended,287700,27713820,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,scott ceo of dominos,"Amazing gameplay, weird and interesting story, good music, and makes me wish Konami didn't have the rights to the Metal Gear franchise. 10/10"
76561198129641003,Recommended,287700,28851038,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ICUP,I never really liked doing side quests but this game makes it really enjoyable due to the stealth mechanic. The side quests also help you during the main missions.
76561198062378178,Recommended,287700,23698768,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Mr. Mckenna,"First, lets talk actual game mechanics. Metal Gear Solid V feels largely unscripted. It's a sandbox. it probably has the same ammount of dialogue and cut scenes as prior games, if not more but they are spread thin amongst a large open world that offers quite a few things to do. The level design overall is weaker than Ground Zeroes with genearlly much smaller infiltration areas and less densely packed secrets. Still, the game isn't as 'sandboxy' as you'd think. What it lacks in level design it more than makes up for with a mission design structure that lets you play with scripted events in startling ways. MGSV is the future of open world game design. Many of the missions take place in multiple parts of the map with different scripted events playing out simultaniously. For example on mission has you trying to track down a convoy over a large area. However, once you learn the starting location of the convoy you can replay the mission and go straight there and it will actually be there! this can radically alter how each mission plays out. there are so many random elements and interesting AI quirks that each time you play can be a completely different experience. Gone are the annoying days when games like Assassin's creed have you tail a target or follow an objective yet give a fail state for so much as looking at the scripting funny. If you miss objectives, lose a target while tailing them or even accidentally kill him, the mission is over. And that is awesome. Oh, and all this is wrapped around the smoothest controlling 3rp person action character of all time. Gone also are the days of annoying metal gear solid control schemes. This game is a new standard for fluidity and mobility in an action game. It's fantastic.I'm not even going to get into the story. Some love it, some hate it. I love it and think it will be years before it's truly appreciated. I think this game easily trumps MGS3 in the story department. If you've never played a metal gear game you  will still fall in love with this game. It's one of the best action games ever made."
,Recommended,287700,34200326,Posted: 12 August,all,Big Boss,"Wow is this game a ton of fun. I've heard the criticism about it being grindy, or not as story-heavy as past Metal Gear games, and some of that is true, but the gameplay by far outshines any and all of the other Metal Gear games. This is really a masterpiece, despite all of the minor flaws, in gameplay. The amount of content, weapons, details - it shows how much work went into this game. Could it be more with another year and a few more million? 100% yes. This might not be Kojima's ultimate vision but even getting a glimpse of it is 100% worth it. I had a blast playing it, and so should you."
,Recommended,287700,24029766,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Thai,Just let Quiet do everything.
76561198183664671,Recommended,287700,24089476,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cute Goat,"Beautiful scenery and animations, chicken hats, a dog with an eye patch. I'm enjoying the game so far."
76561198037588049,Recommended,287700,24052163,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The Doc,"A suggestive title, with a great freedom to approach each level and a multitude of things to do.Honestly far from perfect, it's simply the direct expression of the mind of its creator."
,Recommended,287700,34135905,Posted: 9 August,all,BoggyBo,Worst Metal Gear story by far. Best gameplay I have ever experienced in any game so far. The story has techically come full circle though only the most avid fans will be able to fill in the gaps... on to Death Stranding.
,Recommended,287700,34274972,Posted: 16 August,all,FUCKING KISKA,By Kajima for Kajima (c) InterKajima
,Recommended,287700,34264395,Posted: 15 August,all,cheater,"""I won't scatter your sorrow to the heartless sea. I will always be with you. Plant your roots in me. I won't see you end as ashes. You're all diamonds.""What else do I have to say, this game is a masterpiece. The Fox Engine is one of the smoothest engines in existence allowing amazing smooth gameplay, even on a potato. The story is great, it's atmospheric and emotional. Although we never got Part 3, (♥♥♥♥ing Konami's fault) we did see what happened and I'm completely fine with just that. Progression is good and rarely gets boring, it gets boring when you gotta replay some missions to progress in the story. The replayability is good. The ending is misunderstood, leading to everyone hating it. I thought the symbolism was perfect and the dialogue at the end between Kaz and Ocelot was intriguing (Ocelot killed Kaz!) Also funny dialogue, ""WHOOOOOOO!?"" ""They played us like a damn fiddle!"".I give this game a 9.5/10 and would recommend this game to anyone who asks me about it. Simply a masterpiece."
,Recommended,287700,34309860,Posted: 17 August,all,mopblock9,"This is hounestly one of the best games I have ever played. It's graphics and gameplay are amazingly well done, and if you are new to the Metal Gear Solid franchise, this is a great introduction to it. My biggest issue with this game revolves around some portions being confusing as to what to do. The levals are longer, making the game more emersive. If you don't make the in game challange in time (the game is very generous about giving you time) then you can accidently create paradoxs. All the characters feel real, (although your character-Snake-is pretty quiet) the stealth mechanics are great, as some enemys get super trigger happy if they catch you even for a second, whereas others try to make sure it is a persoon before shooting. My logic applys to this game (take whatever th rating is and apply it to the age of the one below) as it does with about 90% of games out there. If you are new to metal gear solid I would STRONGLY recomend watching the attached video to understand it a little bit better.(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22qpIrBJJRY) Upon buying this game I would recomend setting aside 4-5 hours for the early missions (however the missions will only take that long if you are slower to find the solutions) and more for the later missions. I would highly recomend this game to anyone who has at least played an fps before (10/10 would not recomend for casual gamers) and I would give this game about 9.7 in a 1-10 rating where 10 is the best."
,Recommended,287700,32555453,Posted: 18 June,all,pecky-pete,"it's no Metal Gear Solid 3 but its still awesome the gameplay is great .apparently data miners found hints at a missing chapter cut from the game, it disappointed alot of people who felt some story was missing. most of the story is told through cassette tapes that you listen to in game.i prefer to use a controller to play.i have'nt played the online yet so i can't comment.microtransactions but its not to invasive."
,Recommended,287700,23050496,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SORAXIUM,Thrilling single player experience. Well made and fun to play.
76561198230574760,Recommended,287700,34279993,Posted: 16 August,all,Oltzu,-Minding my combat deployments.-Send some of my average men to fight overseas for some money-everybody comes back in one piece and only one injured-send some men fetch carrots behind the corner-3/5 die and they fail-staff morale declined-lost few good units10/10 would deploy again
,Recommended,287700,34326876,Posted: 18 August,all,Mr. Magnificent,This game is truly a masterpiece
,Recommended,287700,33385102,Posted: 8 July,all,MSI LAPTOP tdogredman,Immensely fun stealth game with good storyI have more hours offline on record.
,Recommended,287700,33851275,Posted: 28 July,all,Shinigami,honestly one of the best games ive ever played
,Recommended,287700,32694709,Posted: 23 June,all,Dunkaroos,Still have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on. 10/10
76561198062547070,Recommended,287700,30451334,Posted: 11 March,all,Aki,"Although seemingly a slight departure from it's roots. MGS5's story and dialog is very solid and a contained entry in the franchise. Each character carries human elements and motivations and the free world gameplay are refreshing to see carried into the stealth genre, the controller support is fantastic and the responsiveness of snake is fantastic. Worth paying the reviewed price of £24.99 (about $30)"
,Recommended,287700,25907091,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Kreas,Not a good ending to the Metal Gear series but definitely one of the best games I've ever played. Just Buy It.
,Recommended,287700,34541815,Posted: 27 August,all,экс ди,Wish Kojima had been able to complete the game and stoyline as he saw fit. Absolutely a spectacular game from the graphics to the audio to the upgrades to the gameplay. I give it a 8.5/10 only because the storyline feels incomplete. If Kojima would've had more time this would get a 10/10.
76561198073755143,Recommended,287700,28042978,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ツ,Thumbs up for horse and doggo power10/10
,Recommended,287700,17858868,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Not Green Beetlejuice,"Ground Zeroes excited me for this game, but let me tell you firsthand.It's even better than I anticipated10/10 Best ♥♥♥♥ing MGS game yet and hands down the best stealth game I've played to date."
,Recommended,287700,24503980,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,AjD,"A lot of people say this is the best an MGS game has ever played. They are correct but I think this is misleading. As someone who has played MGS 1,2,3,4 and now V (That's right V not 5!) this is the best controlling and best animated 3rd person game I have ever played.Unlike other 3rd person games where the animation of the character can get in the way of the enjoyment of the game, MGSV somehow combines great looking fluid player animation with fast and responsive movement. Combine this with the open nature of the game and you get the best open world 3rd person action game to date.Unfortunately when people say this is the worst story in the MGS series they are also correct, both in terms of quality and quantity. The cinematics look great and are well choreographed but there is no real substance to the majority of them. The one bonus in this area for me is that there are no 30 - 45 minutes cutscenes, I don't recall any of them being longer than 10 minutes tbh. This was clearly a deliberate move in the hope that it didn't detract from the gameplay and had the story been better it would have worked fine.Overall I give this game a 9/10. Had the story been up to the level of any of the previous games it would have been an easy 10 and probably my favourite game of all time.If you are reading this review to try and help make up your mind whether to buy or not I would honestly recommend everyone give this game a try. I'm going to assume most fans of the MGS series have already played it by this point, but if you haven't and were perhaps only into the story of previous games and are worried by the criticisms this game has received on that front then I may be able to help. I pre-ordered this game before reviews came out and was hoping for an experience like previous games but with better gameplay. In the end it was the enjoyment I got from playing combined with the added bonus of it being set in the MGS world.Hope that helps! Oh and one other thing - fultoning!"
,Recommended,287700,34642177,Posted: 31 August,all,Vengeance,"While it's different from what i expect in a Kojima game, its still a materpieceStory:Ground Zeroes was an excellent, but a short and tad expensive prologue to The Phantom Pain. (much like the tanker was in MGS2, only sold as a seperate game) It sets up the events that lead to The Phantom Pain. I very much like the themes Kojima uses in TPP, which are primarly Revenge and Loss. I don't want to go to deep into the specifics of the story but i really like what Kojima Productions did here. However, it's delivery is not without its flaws. The amount of cutscenes are pretty lacking compared to previous MGS games, and a big chunk of the story is told through tapes. Much like Peacewalker, the codec conversations from previous entries are replaced with these tapes, and this has its up and downsides: the tapes can be listened to anytime you like, whether you're on a mission, hiding in a toilet, or chilling at the base or chopper, these tapes will not interrupt your gameplay like the codec did, very convenient!. The downside is that it doesnt feel very urgent listening to a previous recording instead of a ""live"" conversation. The radio still plays a role, as your team can comment on the various things you see at the moment, but you wont get to choose use who you call, and snake wont really respond either. While Kiefer Sutherland does a great job as an older Big Boss, he doesnt get as many dialogue as David Hayter did before. Another thing is that later into the game, some missions get recycled, with different parameters more or less. So, to continue the story you need to replay some of these versions. While i personally didnt mind that much, it does slow down the pace of the story.My biggest gripe with the story however is the fact that some storyelements are just not finished. There was supposed to be an additional chapter dealing with these loose ends, but it never made it into the final release. While i still think its a solid story (and with a nice twistending too) it has some loose ties in the end. Seeing how Kojima working at Konami is not a thing anymore, this means that there wont be any proper conclusion to this.Gameplay:But how's the gameplay? Well, as you can guess, i really love it!!! It was actually what i was waiting for in a MGS game. Scoping out a base, trying different approaches, screwing around with the guards, sabotaging their systems... MGS3 had some of these elements, and I remember thinking how cool it would be if the whole game was bigger in scale, like freeroam, which is what TPP does! TPP will give you loads of options to play however you feel like. You can go non-lethal and tranquilize guards and send them back home to reinforce your motherbase, receive suplies from motherbase, or you can just murderise everybody in hails of gunfire, artillery or gunship support. While the game encourages stealth, it surprising in how much steam you can blow off in this. On top of that, the controls play like a dream. You can freeroam and scout bases for yourself, run into some side missions, or play any mission you like. Every mission has a few objectives (and some of them are hidden) and you're free to tackle them anyway you like. You will be ranked on your performances afterwards, and this adds replay value as you are free to replay the mission anytime, to improve your score for example.Base:Like Portable Ops and Peace Walker, TPP once again lets you manage your own army. You can capture enemy units, and send them back home to Motherbase. Each soldier has its own set of stats, so its wise to place them were their stats are best suited for. Place the guys who are techsavy into the R&D division, and they will come up with new gear for you to use. Units with sharp senses belong in the Intel division, which will feed you more accurate info when your in the field. But nothing comes entirely free. To develop items, you need GMP. GMP is earned by doing missions, sending your units to side operations, or finding precious items on the field. You will also need to gain materials, which you generate depending on your Base Development staff, but you can also find them on the field, or as rewards. To actually deploy yourself, you will need these resources aswell. Higher end gear is of course better, but it will also cost you more to use it. Building your base is not only managing your units, but also building the base itself! Like Peace Walker, you will start with a single platform at sea, and the more you expand, the more platforms you get. You even get to build other bases in other places, called FOBS. This however introduces an element that im not so fond with. These FOBS can be attacked and raided for its resources by other players, and you can raid them for supplies as well. The FOB platforms resemble the Big Shell from MGS2, so i think its a nice throwback. It is a nice idea on paper, but its so annoying to get attacked when you're minding your own business during a mission. Even worse, you can get raided even if your not playing the game at all!! Losing resources to this is not that big an impact, but i find it very annoying.So, to sum things upPro's+ VERY interesting story themes and great story and characters overall (at least for me personally)+ Excellent gameplay and freedom+ Smooth controls+ Good visuals+ Loads of replay value+ Tapes are nice to listen to while still being able to play...Con's- ...but there are less cutscenes and urgent codecs because of the tapes- Some story elements are literally unfinished- Snake has less dialogue then before- FOB mode can be VERY annoying- Reuse of missions later on can feel very cheap (i dont mind that much though)Id recommend playing the previous metal gears first as this will make you appreciate the references and throwbacks, but this is an amazing game, no doubt."
76561198015771842,Recommended,287700,34759739,Posted: 5 September,all,solidaritytoast,"Let me start off by saying that I enjoy this game a lot, however there are several flaws that if you're a fan of the Metal Gear franchise you may be dissapointed in.When I buy a Metal Gear game, a big part of the reason I'm buying is for the storyline and the writing. This franchise has one of the most interesting and engaging writing that caries through from game to game. Without getting into spoilers I felt that Phantom Pain was some pretty dang cheesy writing ... ""Hamboogers"" that's basically all I'll say for now. There are HUNDREDS of tapes that you're supposed to listen to to get bits of the story and side stories that usually I wouldn't mind taking the time to listen because usually i enjoy the story, but these tapes are absolute CRINGE. Phantom Pain's story is pretty lame, and overall a let down compared to the intense nail biting cut scenes you'll get in other Metal Gear games.OK, now let's get to the gameplay.It's great! Probably one of the best 3rd person stealth games on the market. The mechanics are fluid and you'll find yourself challenged in missions but not to the extent where you're smashing your keyboard in frustration like some other MG games. Theres a ton of content in the game too, staff building and weapon development alone is a huge chunk of the game. Side Ops get a bit tedious, but end up being a fun way to make money and add to your base/staff. I actually enjoyed the base building system a lot, although this may be something that could be critiqued as well as a bit of mobile phone money grab type of system (MB Coins) but hey this is the direction a lot of games are going, maybe if some people WOULD STOP GIVING THEM MONEY for this stuff, eh hem.FOB missions where you attack other online users' bases end up being the main interactive part of the game, but these are fun as well. I find myself looking at different ways to defend and developing certain technologies to improve mother base, so theres a lot more to this game than the main storyline which I enjoyed.Anyway, enjoyed the game and still a fan of the franchise."
,Recommended,287700,32319828,Posted: 10 June,all,Resonance,"Has nice gameplay and pretty story but it's unfinished. Death to Konami, Kojima Is God."
,Recommended,287700,29925831,Posted: 14 February,all,PapaSam,I would smash Big Boss with my solid snake
,Recommended,287700,34782095,Posted: 6 September,all,Diabolus_Dominatus,mgs5 is an excellent game with tons of replay value. The improved combat system allows for players to play stealth or go in guns blazing. The story per the norm was deep and confusing yet interesting. A good end to a legendary series.
,Recommended,287700,32111640,Posted: 1 June,all,Cilizadam,"A Great open world third person shooter/Stealth game with solid story,9/10Pros;+Great Optimization+Great Voice acting+Awesome Music+Solid action+Solid StoryCons;-Repetitive open world after a time(Like 50 hours or so though)-Makes you play same missions towards the end-Story is good, but could end better."
,Recommended,287700,27901990,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kraid 🚗,"This game as well as its legacy to me personally are the best videogames to have ever been created. They are full of incredibly witty detail and will make you laugh, cry and struggle alongside its characters."
,Recommended,287700,25916570,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Venturio,Pretty fun.
,Recommended,287700,25896156,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Arcteres,"Soviet Union, Nukes, 80's cassete tapes everywhere, eyecandy, WALKING nukes, 2 massive open worlds, parasites, incomplete story, LIQUIIIIIIIIIIID, Zombies, a walking campfire, and a villian who had a galaxy note 7 to the face, demons, and mass genocide. Great game though."
,Recommended,287700,28114528,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,templarzaphiere2,"Russian and Wildlife kidnapping simulatorKidding aside i didnt expect this to run on my old laptop (gtx 610m)before i was hesitatnt to buy this since i expected it to lag and drop framerate to an unplayable state being that it's an open worldBut surprisingly it runs buttery smooth, even with the lowest settings it still looks wonderful and no FPS drop.Definitely one of the best open world games out there in terms of gameplay"
76561198121099594,Recommended,287700,34711383,Posted: 3 September,all,EatDatPussy445,Amazing game. Has an amazing story and very fun gameplay. Although the side quests are not that fun it is still a great game.
,Recommended,287700,23305697,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,私はトンODすなわちワン,same
76561198029284923,Recommended,287700,23309834,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Haruloki,"The only game where you hit someone and they say ""thank you""10/10"
76561198126234323,Recommended,287700,33576464,Posted: 15 July,all,My Throbbing Cock,"I am going to begin this mini-review by stating that this game is ♥♥♥♥ING awesome. There is so much content, so much depth, the games engine looks amazing, the story which does have its flaws, is overall, a mind♥♥♥♥, simply put.NOTE: Excuse my lack of hours, I have finsihed the game on console.I am going to begin by discussing where the game really shines by simply giving some dot points followed by evidence/explanation to why I would classify it as a pro.-The Gameplay: The gameplay is the thing that makes me continue to play this game since launch. It allows leniancy with how you take on certain areas. For example, the game doesn't restrict you to stealth, you can go in guns blazing, although I don't recommend this.-Base Building: When I say base building, I don't mean that you can make your 'Mother Base' (which is your HQ) look ""EXACTLY"" how you would like, although you can upgrade it to fit more staff, make processing materials that you collect from the open world process faster and just make it your own. You can change the colour of your base and allocate specific staff which you exctract from the battelfield on missions, to particular roles.-Open World/Side Ops: It's a great amount of fun to just traverse this open world, capturing bases, collecting resources, extracting soldiers and taking them to your mother base. All of these can be done in 2 seperate open world zones, Africa and Afghanistan. As well as collecting and gathering, you can take part in side-ops, a great distraction from the story where you can find specialists to create cool weapons and utilities, or even 'capture the legendary bear'. The fact that MGSV has gone open world is a welcome addition to the franchise.Before I progress to talk about the things that I don't like about the game. I would like to talk about the story. It has been confirmed that there was meant to be a third chapter in the game, although, what is currently there is an incomplete story. It's confusing and takes a masssive leap of almost 10 years without explanation. But knowing that this was a Kojima game, when I picked it up 2 years ago from the store, I knew that there was going to be a confusing story no-matter what, which I love. There are no longer hour long cut-scenes, as those resources have been donated to the gameplay aspect, although the story which you get is amazing.Now to talk about the things that I don't like, apart from aspects of the story.-Dissapointing Boss Battles: I don't wish to spoil anything in this review, although I was dissapointed by Skull Face. When playing Ground Zeros, I was excited by this villain. The battles which we got weren't as exciting and other itterations of the franchise. Such as in MGS2, when in order to defeat a particular boss, you had to change your controller from 'Slot 1' to 'Slot 2', there was this meta which I was expecting, which could potentiallty be linked to the story.-Online Mode: I wasn't sure about online mode, I didn't really like it. Yes, there were some cool features such as expanding your mother base to allow for more resources, raiding and PvP. But there is literally nobody playing that anymore, at least on PC.  You cannot enjoy what it has to offer, because it just feels like you're playing the campaign, there is never anybody online.OVERALL, I LOVE THIS GAMEIt may seem like I'm bashing on it a bit, but honestly, it is worth far more than the $30 which you pay.My Rating:9.5/10"
76561198060811433,Recommended,287700,33599553,Posted: 16 July,all,misterbrs,i like this game so far
,Recommended,287700,34942972,Posted: 13 September,all,Rusty.,"Great but unfinished.Also, ♥♥♥♥ you Konami like how the ♥♥♥♥ do you justify making people wait like two weeks REAL TIME for one ♥♥♥♥ing gun?  Are you actually ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me right now?  Then you have the audacity to give the option to fast track the development by making us pay for your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t MB Coins.  There's grinding a game then there's THIS.Yeah story is alright, boss fights are somewhat decent not as good as past games though."
76561198034055399,Recommended,287700,17956406,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Eren,this is the best game ever
76561198128609334,Recommended,287700,34668583,Posted: 1 September,all,Graffiti Cat,"so today is my birthday and honestly no one seems to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥i decide to chill and play metal gear.the dudes call me back to base ""boss its an emergency""they throw me a suprise party.11/10, npcs care about my birthday more than my friends and family"
,Recommended,287700,17845472,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,-PEves-,"So the guys that you extract out of a mission can be recruited on to your development team and they have certain skills that they can use to make you different kinds of gadgets and supplies that you can make use of. They make these things using metals and other materials that you salvage on your missions.I just went to afganistan on a mission and had a choice between olive colored camo or forest camo. I was like ""damn i wish i had desert camo, but olive will have to do"" then I came into the mission and opened my iDroid and discovered that I could get them to actually craft Desert camo. It was an option that had conveniently became available right then. So I had them craft it an air drop it on me as a supply drop and my guy jumped into the crate, it shook around a bit and when he popped back out he had desert camo on. That was so awesome!Most of all it is the seemingly never ending customizations and upgrades that make this game truely great. You can upgrade literally everything using your own hand picked team of specialists to make newer better modifications to every little gadget you own including your iDroid. Everything gets improved. You can modify your horses armor and even your Extraction helicopter, as well as Mother base (your base of operations), which is an abandoned oil platform much like the one in MGS2. You can decide what color it will be instead of looking at the dull orange color every time you come back to it. You can expand it to be a lot biger with new towers all around it which allows for you to expand the sizes of your Diamond Dogs reseach teams which allows you to improve their abilities faster thus letting you build even better gadgets and gear as you go.I am loving this game so far! It is truly amazing! It is far beyond what I had ever anticipated!Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,287700,34833839,Posted: 9 September,all,SexBad,"You play as the Million Dollar Extreme like in the 1973 show and then you get your lady girl the Sim Bionic Titan from the show in 1976 and you shoot hellrider with the gun and then he goes ""flame on"" and he dies"
,Recommended,287700,35047105,Posted: 18 September,all,>Fictionz<rofl,Kill a chopper by strapping some C4 to a Jeep and fulton!
,Recommended,287700,34158221,Posted: 10 August,all,FeatherSton3,"Man. This game is so good! The campaign is super long, numerous side quests and items to unlock. Just a really nice game"
,Recommended,287700,34962984,Posted: 14 September,all,TITO,on mother base i am cool i try to be cool every everywhere not jusy on mother base but i try to say good words and be cool every day
76561198059801319,Recommended,287700,24746660,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mr. Pickles (Nia),"Love this game, Love the franchise, the best 200+ hours spent gaming iv had, Dolphin Dive Dave's Kiddnap simulator 2015 xDI run this game on components way below the mini and i get 60+ fps all the time, the graphics are beautiful, the combat is fun and following, as long as you know how to use the night, the AI responses to actions such as unsilenced gunfire and stolen or damaged equipment, using fulton on anything and everything and bringing the right equipment for the job, In comparision to previous installments theres not much of a learning curve for failing at stealth, if your decent at FPS and conducted a moderate recon before engaging you can pretty much fight your way out of any battle and it only gets easier as you upgrade your -arsenal-.The pvp was decent, but it was no different to CoD being matched with people who out gear to you ♥♥♥♥, but with practise i guess it could be fun.I highly recommend this game if your a fan of the franchise or love this type of open world plot your own course of attack semi stealth mass kiddnap daily running mind ♥♥♥♥ of a game.BEST £25 I EVER SPENT XD"
,Recommended,287700,25062709,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Khelorm,"To keep this short and sweet is a little bit of irony due to some of the game's circumstance, but this is what I feel like throwing down.As far as gameplay goes, Phantom Pain is absolutely a blast.  It offers such a wide variety of options as far as player choice goes, and you can attack objectives in any kind of fashion you choose.  The weapons feel great and responsive, the environment is immersive, and the AI is just fun to engage with.Story-wise, it is obvious that there is missing gaps.  It's a bit frustrating for Metal Gear fans, but for what it is, it is a manageable story at best.  I loved it for what it was though it was possibly just my way at grasping at Kojima's last Metal Gear story before it went through the cracks of my hands.It is worth the buy."
,Recommended,287700,27128665,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Lucky One,Not for any nation. Not for any ideology. Not for Justice. Not for Honor. Not for Power. Not for the Future. Not for Love. Not for Peace. Only for Achievement.
,Recommended,287700,27585596,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,T3I0R,Best game ever!!!
,Recommended,287700,27584049,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lavikon,"A great game, but it wasn't quite finished.The gameplay feels great and story unfolds nicely.. until you get to the late game and you'll get to the extreme variants of old missions. The end game is stretched out and never reaches full conclusion. Some plot lines are simply ""forgotten"". IT does however offer sufficient resolution to feel satisfying.It's very much a Metal Gear Solid game. In both the good and the bad. It had potential to get close to MGS3, but with the latter half unfinished it felt somewhat more like MGS2 in terms of story. The gameplay it self is the pinnacle of the series."
76561198045033388,Recommended,287700,34610934,Posted: 30 August,all,ItIsWeDnEsDaYmYdUdEs,"Oh my that was a good game, let me just wipe my save"
76561198135806860,Recommended,287700,34599964,Posted: 30 August,all,XX_Glencam_XX,"I have played MGS (Metal Gear Solid) 1,2,3 and 4, about 2-10 times each and loved everyone. Metal Gear Solid V is definitely a masterpiece and should be played even though you have never played a MSG game!"
,Recommended,287700,34613559,Posted: 30 August,all,Syd,"In terms of MGSV itself it's a pretty solid game with at least 100 hours worth of gameplay, it's fun whether you've played MGS before or notIn terms of MGO3, the MGO2 revival project has more players than MGO3 (MGO3 on steam at least)"
,Recommended,287700,34625590,Posted: 30 August,all,Novalis Star,"Quite Possibly my favorite game!Build an entire base from scratch which will act as your own personal country.Design your bases flag and emblem. Capture vehicals, soldiers, and supplies from playing missions in a vast open world where you can explore, infiltrate bases in your own ways using stealth or just brute force. The soldiers you capture on the field can be persuaded to join the cause and can be assigned to various duties in your bases such as R&D, Medical, Combat Unit, Base Development, Support, Intel, Sickbay, or the Brig for trouble makers.The soldiers, prisoners, or volenteers you precure may be assigned to your Combat Unit and then you will be able to play missions as them. Same goes for any vehicals you capture on the field as well.You may customize your Base colors, Helicopter, vehicals, tanks, camo, weapon attachments, etc.Bring along unlockable companions on missions.Included are various online modes and you may infiltate others bases. Special events updated with unlockable gear and staff periodically. A fantasy league pitting your base against others with rewards.Daily log in rewards including free in-game currency occasionally.Various unlockables throughout the entire game.Research and unlock new weapons and gear using your R&D team.The truth is that i could on and on and on, But it's much better just to explore it all yourself and experience this impresive expanse to the Metal Gear franchise. R.I.P. Konami, Best of luck Hideo! Truely one of Hideo's Last Gems at Konami."
,Recommended,287700,35253456,Posted: 27 September,all,Rocky,"9/10 pretty good game. I recommend this to new players, and old fans of the game."
,Recommended,287700,33006063,Posted: 29 June,all,daltinh,"Great Game, love it, definitely worth what I payed, 4/5 however, almost purely because the damn thing taunts you every time you fail."
,Not Recommended,287700,20471800,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,MF PICKLE-O,kill me
76561198065550027,Not Recommended,287700,20742295,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,[SmokedyAss]™,"Pure trash as a Metal Gear game. I love every entry in the metal gear series with my favorites being 1 & 3. I went into this game expecting to be blown away based on Kojima's track record, but instead came away wishing this travesty had never been made. Everything from the unique characters to the deep and thought provoking story has been stripped out and replaced with tedious extraction missions. Also bland audio tapes replace the legendary Codec calls that made the series so memorable. If you are a fan of metal gear and hoped that this would add to the lore, don't this game adds nothing to the legacy of metal gear and is better off forgotten. What a terrible way to end a series.Pros:Stealth GameplayOptimizationIntroduction missionCons:Boring & repetitive extraction missionsWeak storyHorrible CharactersTerrible endingBland environmentsAudio tapesCut ContentHow ign or any major game review site can give a game that was rushed out the door and had an entire chapter ripped out a 10/10 MASTERPIECE is laughable.3/10 Toilet Water"
,Recommended,287700,30314017,Posted: 4 March,all,elegant  トルーパー,PROS++Story+Gun play+++Stealth system ( as always )+++ Chapter 2a certain mission in it honestly left me destroyed inside and I had to lie on my bed for the next 30 minutes thinking what have I done (and then i went to play some R6 siege to clear my mind)+Companions that are really helpful unlike in many other games+Tech and gear development system that gives you the feeling of progression+Motherbase development++High replayability++Big choice of sidequests+Well designed open world+Gunsmith++Graphics are pretty good and well optimized+It gives you the feeling that you are a total badassCONS--Main villain is not written well---At the end story leaves you with that feeling that there should have been more as the devs cut the final segment off leaving a plothole-To unolck new stuff and develop your motherbase further you have to wait some time and I'm guessing that it is a leftover of an unimplemented (which is good) microtransactions system it is really annoying and unnecessary-You cannot save the game during a mission and the checkpoints are not located wellOVERALL9/10
,Recommended,287700,25584387,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Chode Master,real good game lol
,Recommended,287700,35230262,Posted: 26 September,all,Large Leader,"An old man suffering from various physical disfigurements, mental issues, depression, PTSD, the loss of all his friends, andMultiple personality disorderisn't allowed to take a sick day. Or week. Or month.Also, god help you if you have Nvidia Geforce Experience installed"
,Recommended,287700,35194085,Posted: 24 September,all,Mesozoic Mystery,"Warning: This game will leave you with a Phantom Pain.This game simply works on a mechanical and control level. The feeling of managing and taking part in a private military company is very rewarding and perfectly paced. The games enviornment and mechanics allows for one of the few TRUE games with open ended gameplay possiblites, with tangible tactics for every kind of insertion and exphiltration tactic you could think of. Truley a series highlight when it comes to gameplay.However the story of said game cannot be held to the same pedestal. While containing many novel characters and ideas. The story falls apart from an overpriced necassary first act that isn't included. A second chapter covered in evidence of plot holes, rushed development and cut content and a third chapter entirely missing that clear up all the massive plotholes and gameplay vareity the game desperatly needed.So yeah. A well designed flawed game that will give you a lot of fun entertaining sporadic adventures whos gameplay can change on the turn of a dime. But may leave you unfufilled in the long run with a feeling that something was missing the whole time. Truely a perfect choice for a games title."
,Recommended,287700,35396385,Posted: 1 October,all,FishyFroy,"Might just be my favorite singleplayer experience of all time. The gameplay is a solid, undisputable 10/10. The variety you have on how to complete a mission or how to kill the enemy is crazy. The UI is beautiful and gives just enough information without being too in-you-face. It can be easy at times and challenging at times and the story is so batshit insane you have to love it. It's a rollercoaser of emotions and the hours fly by."
,Recommended,287700,23767817,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,HappyThoughts,"One of the greatest games I have ever played and is now my number one favorite game that I own. Although the game doesn't hold the third chapter it still gives a ton of replayability and immersion. Keep in mind that this review is from someone who hasn't player any other MGS games except Ground Zeroes. Regardless, everyone should have this in their library and treasure it as if it was a award given from the President of the United States himself.- 9/10"
,Recommended,287700,24997706,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,tdDaz,"This was my first MGS game so the story made absolutely no sense whatsoever, however there are enough threads to mostly work out what is going on.As a sandbox stealth game however it is fantastic, and one of the most enjoyable stealth games I have ever played. Lots of choices are presented to you in every mission and the simulation is incredibly versatile, supporting every action I wanted to try.The game opens up slowly over time, introducing all sorts of new things to do, upgrades to make and new chraracters to recruit and/or kill.I had a blast with it. I didn't quite finish all the extra missions but the main campaign took me a good 65 hours. Very good value for money!"
,Recommended,287700,25251529,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Blacked in the 90s,the only game where you can find diamonds and dogs in Afghanistan11/10 IGN
,Recommended,287700,25257414,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Pastaroni,Game of the year 2015
,Recommended,287700,25166950,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sassy The Sasquatch,"You can extract enemies and animals with balloons, I don't really need to say more. Sneaky Snake."
76561198274424490,Recommended,287700,25259541,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bats my Man,This game is OVERWHELMING fun I play this like 40+ hours and still I want to explore the whole Afganistan and Africa i feel empty because this is the last Metal Gear Solid with Kojima I hope konami cancel the new Cancerous MEtal Gear because that game's gonna ruin the franchise sh*t
,Recommended,287700,28567725,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MuKi,"What can I say, the game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. I only wish it wasn't screwed over by Konami, but hey it's still a masterpiece in its own way. Also, it would have been nice if the game had been finished completely (Chapter 3). How do I send money directly to Kojima?"
76561198026394313,Recommended,287700,28571677,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,|OCD|Skinkelynet,"Even for an unfinished game its absolutely brilliant, best game ive played for years, sad it never going to be finished completely with kojima gone, wont be buying anything from konami in the future.."
,Recommended,287700,35399554,Posted: 1 October,all,Miniamba™,this game really makes me rub my metal gear.9/10
,Recommended,287700,35436296,Posted: 2 October,all,the boys light up,"Imagine this, ya wanna stealth the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the game? You can.You wanna extract a tank and use it to attack bases and destroy everything in your path? You bet your sweet♥♥♥♥♥you can do that son.Ya wanna sit there at home base and just smack the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of every pathetic soldier under you?You can they love it and some even get off on it.You wanna run round with a half naked chick with massive♥♥♥♥♥♥who never says a word and just does what you tell her like some 1950's housewife you used to beat up in the old days?♥♥♥♥♥♥son you can do that too.Thats MGSV and it's worth your time.ONLY GET MGSV:TPP THOUGH ♥♥♥♥ GROUND ZEROES."
,Recommended,287700,35105810,Posted: 21 September,all,Laffantion,Feels good man
,Recommended,287700,34781812,Posted: 6 September,all,emanon,A must play for the franchise
,Recommended,287700,28268731,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Shredreu,"The series goes out with a ♥♥♥♥ing bang. This is by far the best stealth action game ever made. Well done to Kojima and Kojima Productions, they really nailed it.♥♥♥♥ Konami."
76561198105049612,Recommended,287700,24080090,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,printf,20 hrs game is amazing40 hrs  game is repetitive and overrated60 hrs cant live wihtout itinnovative stealth game playinnovative graphic optimization
76561198269023590,Recommended,287700,34551158,Posted: 28 August,all,HEREWARD,"How many hours am I meant to put in to complete this game ? It's  beginning to dawn on me that the grinding nature of this experience is a not so subtle shove toward the Konami cash register. The MB coins you can get as part of your daily bonus are also available to buy.  Their relevance to the single player mission come via the opportunity to build a FOB ...... which requires well over a thousand coins. Sure you can buy a 1.5 XP boost in online play but for the single player they are just a carrot. A very distant one. At my rate of ""daily bonus"" aquisition that FOB option won't be appearing till well over the 500 hour point. Or I could give Konami £6.99 for 2000 MB coins. Not a chance. That's the major negative out of the way. I'll now cover a few other points.The AI is good though there is a caveat to this. It's clear the game is cheating a lot of the time. You fire that single sniper shot, scuttle into cover and move to flank your opponent/s ..... only to find them right in front of you again. That happens enough times for it not to be coincidence.There is a lot of repetition here. The map becomes very familiar as do the side op missions. The only function they serve is to act as revenue streams. Everything in the game requires money so you end up looting as much as possible for resale so you can afford the upgrades to enable you to complete the ""proper"" missions.Throughout the game shows an incredible level of detail. From conversations the guards have to the cut scene where you get a bucket of water chucked over you because you didn't shower enough. As you level up there are visible signs the enemy is doing likewise. In that respect the game is very immersive.Cut scenes are rendered and clearly not in game though I think the graphics engine could easily have handled this. Even so they are something which adds to the overall experience. The acting is good and they are relevant to the story.Throughout the map there are music tapes to collect. Each one is an 80's track that won't be unfamiliar to someone who grew up in that era. Though I'll probably have to google to get them all it is a touch of genius on the part of the designers.Always on line and all that. Unless you are connected you won't have access to the bulk of your resources. So no reselling to drive that cash monster that is mother base and no ""daily bonus"" either. Pointless and anti consumer.I think I'll leave it there. I'm putting this up a a skin and bone review because there are plenty of other top to bottom jobs out there but very few touch on the MB coins BS. It's a good game but a slightly crippled one. And it will need an awful lot of your time."
,Recommended,287700,17842298,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,DIEU DU JAMBON,this game is a master piece and the intro is phenomenal you dont need too know more it would be a spoiler the story is rich as any mgs games and some emotional moments  it would the 75$(can)A Hideo Kojima Game!
,Recommended,287700,17842466,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,GnarGnarHead,"this game is amazing, no down side so far, loving it :D"
,Recommended,287700,24412948,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sleepless Stliger,WHOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWORDS THAT KILL!10/10 the thing runs like goddamn silk
76561198154029976,Recommended,287700,35507318,Posted: 5 October,all,The 9th,"If there was a time capsule for video games that should be closed in a hatch and recovered in 10 years, just so that we can appreciate their true value, then MGSV would surely be on the list.I have to start with the fact that I'm not a huge fan of MGS but this game made me read through wiki pages, look into the character development and that's just for the way the game focuses on its storytelling.After 100hrs of gameplay, of nothing less than a masterpiece, I have to say that I became a true follower of Kojima and MGS. The way the story unfolds is absolutely astonishing. The level design is exactly as it should be. Gameplay-wise you'll have more choices on how to approach each mission that you'll never get bored. Visually, it's stunning, absolutely and without a hint of doubt stunning.The voice acting is top-notch as one would expect. It's nothing over the top and nothing that shows the actors just got handed their paychecks on their way out. This fact intertwined with the magnificent story gets you to actually sympathize with fictional dogs of war and nameless soldiers.I wouldn't do this review justice if I didn't even mention the direction of Hideo Kojima.I was participating in a movie.I wasn't playing a game.The film unfolded and it became a documentary about conditions of war, geopolitics, consequences and biochemical warfare as I was pushing buttons.Also, it had its silly (Kojima) moments. Most people know what I'm talking about.Get this game, even if you are not a fan.Get this game, even if it's full price.Get this game, even if it's for a friend.11/10!!!"
76561198012550485,Recommended,287700,18112618,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Hendumaica,"When we talk about that game, a few key words will have to come out: Production value, gameplay, experience, player's satisfaction, contentment.Metal Gear Solid 5 (MGSV)is an amazing video game. A brand new experience by itself. I'm growing old, i've seen alot of good and great games but this time.... This time everything is different.A multi layered gameplay:In MGSV the gameplay has different purposes. Character control -of course- but also narration, world shaping, world discovery, etc... And this is precisely what video games should do. Us -gamers- should be involved in everything in a video game. Here we don't only control snake but we do have control on everything. Matter of fact, despite the few tutorial missions, we decide who live who die... What purpose we want to purchase and even more... What purpose the NPCs we meet will have. A very powerfull tool. And everything is decided, made, with ingame gameplay. Don't get me wrong, i was content how dialogs and decision making were made in games like Dragon Age or Alpha protocol (for exemple) but there it's on an another level. So this is a game no graphic novel and gameplay isn't used as filler between two cuscenes: MGSV is pure gameplay and that's brilliant. Even more: MGSV gives you all the tools and all the ""freedom of rules"" to do close to everything you'ld want to do in an MGS.... Just brilliant.A very high production value.Awesome aesthetic, a very good port, photorealism with unicorns... No big news here: Hideo Kojima has always please us with great camera angles, he is a genious video game director, recycling movie codes and ""language"" in a video game: Lense flares, travelings, mo-cap, good writting with twists... This MGS is on top: We feel the money imputed but also the craftmanship of Hideo Kojima. This game costs 50 euros but trust me; Every cent invested here would be rewarded. 2 huge maps are your playground, different types of outposts and guards are your victims. I've been playing i for 61 hours (atm) and still: Only 32% of the game has been done. Awesome production value i said... Plenty to accomplish.Noticeable characters:Again... No surprise here but it's important to menion that we have unique -well designed- characters here: Big boss is on top, Kaz touches my feelings anytime he speaks, quiet is perfect... This MGS isn't superior nor inferior when we talk about character writting and design: it fits in. For oldies like me the Boss crew in MGS3 will always remain on top character speaking but MGSV fits in! And that's a surprise that after all these years, after those gameplay and realisation changes Kojima is still able to design such characters.A different kind of story telling.Again no long cinemectics here: You discover through gameplay and tapes what's happening here. And it feels good! At last, a video game doesn't ask us to sit passively in front of our screen to be explained what's the matter... We're in ! Through the eyes - but also the acts- of Venom BB we letthe plot comes to us.... In a subtil and more realistic way...no more bad game doing exposition for 1 hour... We sneak in a camp and Boom: avery important tape comes out or a short cinematic is triggered. Every thing is shown or played not explained... and that... that my friends is what video gamesshould always do.Pros:-Gorgeous gameplay.-World building: Dynamic weather, day/night cycle, dynamic response of the ennemies depending on your playstyle and habits, realistic landscape, etc...-You feel the toll on snake anytime you go through a tough fight.-Top notch production Value.-Right pricing.-Nice port working on a wide range of computer setups.-Immensity of the task you'ld have to accomplish.-Outfits, loadouts, weapons, armors you can create and pimp.-Mother Base shaping and use.-Compagnons and friends you could deploy on ground.-A narration that perfectly fits the video game medium.-songs and music.-mo-cap and voice acting-A very silent Venom big Boss to let you feel involved.-Constant progression of gameplay and difficulty.-Close to no QTE (AT LAST!)-Snake reponds well...Cons:-... If you have a controller. he is a pain to control with a keyboard.-A brutal, sudden, change of direction... Parting from its legacy in the story telling area. May desapoints or surpises hardcore fans of the MGS saga.-A very long tutorial that still doesn't explain every commands.-A story and true ending that may...Gives you a bittersweet taste. You'ld have to accept that Kojima plays on Venom and also on us.-The soldiers you gather to build your Mother Base feel a tiny bit too anonymous.-Sneaky non-lethal approach is more rewarded than the loud lethal one. We have been given the chance to decide and define our playstyle... So why rewarding more a specific style?Conclusion: No game is perfect, no game is the only good format: But this formula god damn works just perfectly fine. Player's satisfaction and content -ingame- is key here. We understand and feel that Kojima made this game for us; For every single gamer not only for his hardcore fans and somehow that's sweet of him. He would have be the safe and easy way to give us -MGS afficionados- fan service and the same old good formula. But no! He decided to take risks and this time this isn't snake the ingame focus but we gamers. You are what matters, you can feel it!There is no hesitation: Just jump in and dig every single minute of it.Any rating?9/10 is mine. I ld downgrade it to 8/10 if you trully wanted the same style of gameplay and storytelling that you had in previous MGS games. (A.K.A More cinematics that active gameplay)"
76561198032590055,Recommended,287700,18007693,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Lars,Buy this game you ♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
,Recommended,287700,18010294,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Daware,"This game is another game that suffers from ""Way too much contentitis"". It is super long and filled with so much content that I end up just getting bored of doing the same stuff again and again and end up never finishing the game. The story is easily the weakest out of all of the MGS games, and it feels unfinished. But for the positives, this game plays and handles better than any game I have ever played. It is also probably one of the best PC ports I've ever played aside from GTAV. There is so much to do in this game you may never finish it all. I highly recommend it, even with its weak story. In all honesty if this game didn't have Metal Gear in the title it probably would be one of the greatest games ever, but the story just really is too weak by Metal Gear Standards. A Hideo Kojima Game"
,Recommended,287700,17980748,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,swaghoe,"The more I play it , the better it gets. Reminding me of old times playing MGS on PSX with my brother , and switching joysticks and♥♥♥♥♥♥for the Psycho Mantis fight , good times , great franchise of games, this is a brilliant ending to it all."
,Recommended,287700,23299410,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,FELIZ NAVIDAD,Farcry 4 + Splinter Cell = MGSVthats all i can say.
,Recommended,287700,17901805,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Waldozer,"The optimization is unreal, the story is mind blowing and the gameplay is amazing. Not to mention all of the customisation options within the game.This game is by far the best game I have played in a very long time and will be up at the top with Fallout 4 for game of the year. I would recommend the game to anyone who loves open world, stealth and story rich games.10/10"
,Recommended,287700,17854391,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,PuffPuffPass,"Get it, Love it, and Thank Hideo Kojima"
,Recommended,287700,17898859,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Arekan,"Money well spent. Massively disappointing ending though, but the replay value is well-worth it to me. That and, the fact that they'll be adding an Online mode later on, seperate from FOB invasions."
,Recommended,287700,18357796,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Negimson,Snake kills Dumbledore.0/5
,Recommended,287700,17951945,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,XwuzHere,Like Wizard 101 with guns 10/10 ign
76561198139187278,Recommended,287700,17941178,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Loli,"This game is one of the greatest games I've ever palyed. If you think other MGS games were sneaking games you are bafly mistaken. In those games you could only bypass enemies. Here you can ""scan"" area where you have to go. After that you can do whatever you want. You can rush in like a Ranbo, sneak in, kill or put to sleep someone, extract them and put them in your army, send those same ppl on missions etc. etc. Only thing I HATE about this game is that you have to make your own avatar at the start of the game but you can make it simmilar to original Big Boss.*updateI HATE THAT THE SNAKE IS ALMOST MUTE WHOLE GAME!Chapter 2 is just recycle of old missions with different difficulties.Okey let's make some thing clear. This is awesome game, you have open world that let's you approach mission as you like. NO this is not skyrim, there are no NPCs to interact with .. WE ARE IN AFGANISTA, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ warzone..UPDATE 2!!!Soo MGO3 came out to pc version.. I am happy that it did because I have wanted to play something like that .. I am playing CSGO a lot and I have wanted some stress free shooter game like COD .. MGO3 reminds me a lot of COD but much much better.. If you want to have a nice Multiplayer I recomand buying it because of that too.. It's not like MGO2 but it is nice .. there is no pay to win stuff here only things that you can buy are cosmetics .. annd you can even play naked it doesn't affect your health so that's a big plus from meI recomend buying this game, no matter if you are mgs fan or not..9/10 ( Konami ♥♥♥♥ed some things up )"
,Recommended,287700,25071353,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Kazuhira Miller,Played this game like a damn fiddle10/10 would fiddle again.
76561198154077073,Recommended,287700,30418604,Posted: 9 March,all,Nick_the_T3rran,Stelth bruh
,Recommended,287700,30646011,Posted: 20 March,all,sbM.bag,yueah this is a good game lol
76561198044402547,Recommended,287700,18039027,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Shoruke,"I'd write a review, but I'm too busy tranq-ing everyone and stealing tanks with Fulton balloons."
76561198063968845,Recommended,287700,24431426,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Masquerade,"Gameplay is the best in the series, story is the worst in the series also unfinished but still worth it"
,Recommended,287700,17841361,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,General Zod,I haven't been able to stop playing since I got it this morning.  This is THE must buy game this year.
76561198055305564,Recommended,287700,17835890,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Faint Solstice,"I started the game, and was pulled into a dark immersive world. Be it stealth, rambo, or hitting wild animals who cross the road with a truck, this world runs beautifully at 60fps for me.A Hideo Kojima Game"
,Recommended,287700,17836924,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,EvilCheesypoof,"A Hideo Kojima gameTake note Konami, this is what video games are supposed to be, and now that Hideo Kojima is gone I bet it will be your last one like this.Possibly the most polished and detailed game I've ever played. Stealth, action, espionage, immersion, insanity...if you like any of those words you basically owe it to yourself to play this game."
76561198022220167,Recommended,287700,17837944,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,JAM,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17841725,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,DEM.Memph1z.Fox,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17843063,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Venom Snake,I never knew true freedom until I played this game. Thank you Kojima.
,Recommended,287700,17841642,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Celluloid Eyes,"Holy $&!@, that first hour!! WOW!! So incredible!!"
,Recommended,287700,18008742,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,😘,"this game is unbelievably goodthe only problem i have with it is that it's poorly ported to pc, meaning controls are wonky and there are some glitchesnothing rly other thatgreat gameplaystorycinematicsbuy it"
,Recommended,287700,31910097,Posted: 22 May,all,Herr Baron Von Blue,"This was my first go at a Metal Gear Solid game and it's already become one of my favorite games of all times (Just look at my hours!) It's fun, challenging, and much, MUCH more. The gameplay is fantastic and the story is dark but beautiful at the same time. It's got a great community and the Online can be fun incredibly fun and challenging. The only real downside is that it does tend to get dull after awhile as its has an incredibly large open world but suffers from the fact that there's not much to do in it other than the same old stuff. It's also unfinished because KONAMI pushed the release and wouldn't give Kojima more time so the game ends on a cliffhanger (You can find the unfinished final mission on YouTube) Other than that, the game is almost perfect. I give it a 9/10"
76561198035020037,Recommended,287700,24607241,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Rigel,Very good gameplay with amazing story that might disapoint huge metal gear fans but amazing game 9.8/10
,Recommended,287700,17952461,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Emmigosa,it's ok.
76561198148900520,Recommended,287700,18016797,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,ШИНШИЛЛА,"Компания Konami Digital Entertainment выпускает последнюю главу игры «METAL GEAR SOLID V» — «METAL GEAR SOLID V: The Phantom Pain». Перейдите в новую эру франшизы с передовыми технологиями, работу которых обеспечивает графический процессор Fox Engine. Игроков ожидает масса положительных эмоций, поскольку теперь им будет предоставлена свобода выбора тактики в миссиях в открытом мире.Спустя девять лет после событий игры «MGSV: GROUND ZEROES» и падения Главной базы «Большой босс» Снейк выходит из комы. На дворе 1984 год. На фоне холодной войны продолжается глобальное обострение ядерного кризиса. Движимый местью, Снейк создает новую частную армию и возвращается на поле боя в поисках тайной группы XOF.Команда разработчиков METAL GEAR SOLID продолжает амбициозно использовать такие серьезные темы, как психология военных конфликтов и сопутствующие им зверства и преступления. «MGSV: The Phantom Pain» — одна из наиболее ожидаемых игр года, которая будет характеризоваться игровым дизайном с открытым миром, фотореалистичной графикой и богатым функционалом. Эта игра войдет в историю как один из эталонов игровой промышленности за кинематографическую сюжетную линию, глубокие темы и увлекательнейший тактический геймплей."
,Recommended,287700,31405253,Posted: 27 April,all,labrys,"""waaaaaaaaaaaaaa haaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"""
76561198394341628,Recommended,287700,32852857,Posted: 27 June,all,MrBeepDeep,!
,Recommended,287700,32660290,Posted: 22 June,all,Starcaptain10,"I've never been a big stealth purist. I didn't ever think that stealth games should force the player to play a particular way, or that killing enemies in splinter cell was somehow ""loosing,"" and I enjoyed the later games in that series, blacklist especially, conviction not as much.Many people complain when stealth games give the player an arsenal of loud gadgets and weapons, and many of them think that giving the player such devices means that it's no longer a stealth game since the player now has the option to loudly clunk through the level.I disagree.- That being said, this is not a stealth game.To define the term-""stealth game,"" I usually check to see if stealth is the superior playstyle; even if shootouts are possible, sneaking should be the number one focus. Contrary to popular opinion, Splinter cell blacklist passed this test because gunfights would often kill you instantly, and even though the game let you bring armor and explosives on missions, it still made it far moredifficult to do all action all the time, at least on the proper difficulty levels.Now, it's one thing to give the player a rifle and some explosives, but this game goes a step further. It's not a matter of a gun and some explosives, it's a matter of a few dozen tanks, helicopters, miniguns, bullet shields, ninja dogs, black holes, and a skiny woman in a bikini who doesn't wear clothes because japan.- This is about as much a stealth game as Skyrim is a platformer (or an rpg).Sure you ""can,"" do some sneaking, but wouldn't you rather call in a helicopter and run around judo chopping people with your mecha arm and spraying bullets in slow motion while some crazy 80s rock plays in the background?The only point in the game where stealth was a superior option to calling in the military was the first mission, a long unskippable cutscene in a hospital where you are given no weapons... Until the end where they give you weapons and make you shoot three dudes and a flaming horse in what ign would call an ""exciting cinematic experience.""Tactical stealth excellence should have been replaced with ""cutscenes and bare butts,"" around the time raiden ""reared"" his ps2 head. (hehe puns) Metal gear is not a sneak em up, it's a game about robots and nano machines in an alternate timeline where the whole world became japan for a day.And at the end of the day I have to say... I like ninja dogs."
76561198005784495,Recommended,287700,18022108,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,BeanyUndead,"Quantity over quality review: Almost 24 hours of solid play and I'm at 5% completion. It's not a game, it's a lifestyle.Quality over quantity review: Fantastic graphics, gameplay, story, characters, and open-world fun.I would normally write a longer review, but I want to get back to playing the game; I think that's the biggest complement I can give it."
76561198121636736,Recommended,287700,31008099,Posted: 7 April,all,THOT,It's okay I guess
,Recommended,287700,20360463,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,CM Punk,A Hideo Kojima game.
76561198045949557,Recommended,287700,18066145,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Asian-Menace,GAME OF THE YEAR... MAYBE
,Recommended,287700,17964769,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Obtruce,Forgiving the odd keyboard input snags this is a great capstone to a cherished series.
,Recommended,287700,17996562,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Zachary,"Almost perfect, the few flaws like akward terrian movement and poorly designed menu's are the only things keeping it from a true 10.Not only have I been entertained for nearly a hundred hours, but I don't see myself getting bored anytime soon. This is one of the absolute few games worth picking up at its launch price and the upcoming MGO willl rack up hundreds of hours."
,Recommended,287700,18052638,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Charlemagne,"While a good game (the gameplay is seriously awesome), it's unfinished. Chapter two is total rehashed from the previous chapter. The ending leaves more questions than anything, which for a game that is supposed to tie everything in the series together leaves one feeling bitter. More and more proof has been showing up that there were supposed to be more story related missions, chapters, and whatever else, that hopefully may eventually appear as DLC (don't hold your breath).Oh yeah, they take your best buddy away (and probably most interesting character in the game), never to be seen again, especially just after you finished upgrading all of her weapons and fatigues.FOB system is seriously a mess. There's not much explanation for your ""PF"" score anything like that. Doesn't help with the servers being so fragile.While almost all of this is negative (coming from a very hardcore and devoted MGS fan), the gameplay is still stellar. IT's really a shame it wasn't completed, as it has so much more potential than what the finished product turned out to be."
76561197970294317,Recommended,287700,28888238,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,cleopete,"Not even Rockstar could do a sloppier console port.  Took an hour of fiddling with it, and eventually attaching a 20 year old joystick, just to get past the ""Enter Name"" screen.  Almost returned it.Now that it's working, it's flipping gorgeouise, and as noted by another reviewer...fire whales.Only a couple hours into it, but it's way fun.  Never played the series before so I have no particular allegiance to the past, but it certainly stands on it's own.Don't let your kids hang out with you while you play."
76561198030441001,Recommended,287700,17893376,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Clark Kent,Big Boss Approves
,Recommended,287700,17964172,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,King in the North,Possibly one of the best single player stealth games ever made... GOOD JOB KOJIMA
,Recommended,287700,18122251,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Wesley,"Now that I have completed the game and explored all of the features currently available, I think I can finally write my review.Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain (MGSV)When I first started the game up, I was very curious. I had been following the phenomenal trailers and gameplay videos closely, I had familiarized myself with the exotic yet convoluted storyline, and felt prepared to take on whatever story the game may contain.So, did that pay off? In short, no. The story for first chapter is very good, but I wasn't left feeling confused. There are callbacks to previous games and there are many characters that obviously come from prior installments, but in the end, none of them were important. As a matter of fact, none of the characters felt very important. I could have enjoyed the story just as well, even if I didn't know the background.[SPOILERS BELOW]That, in my opinion, isn't a very good thing. The story was all over the place, and to be honest, not very good. The MGS games have always had bizarre stories, but I always left feeling satisfied. The crazy, childlike storytelling may have been campy and somewhat tasteless, but it always ended up working out for the better. I cannot say that for MGSV. The vocal-cord parasite is frankly stupid, the first chapter's villain is (while interesting) flat and uninspired, and the progression of events is unnatural. Every time I felt like I was going to witness Big Boss finally become evil, it was switched and he came out the hero once again.And for chapter two. Chapter one had its strengths, no doubt. There were some excellent cutscenes and missions. Chapter two had no strengths. The majority of the main missions are just replays of earlier operations. The missions that are actually new and progress the story are unrelated and left me feeling like I was looking at a demo of the second chapter.That's what the second chapter was - incoherent. The missions were lacking, the story was all over the place, and then it just kind of ends. The ending, particularly, left a bitter taste in my mouth. It's a replay of the first mission, albeit with some alterations to the cutscenes to deliver it's final twist. A twist that, in my opinion, could have happened ten missions earlier.It's a hollow and tasteless ending, timed poorly and executed with the finesse of a bulldozer. There was so much potential in the storytelling and it was all squandered.[NO MORE SPOILERS BEYOND THIS POINT]And so why do I recommend it if I am so unsatisfied with the story?It's fun as all get out. The gameplay is amazing. When this game advertises complete tactical freedom, they mean it. I won't even begin to describe the different ways I can approach the simplest of tasks, it would take too long.It's a bit hard to play at first, I will admit. The UI could have been better for keyboard and mouse and it was clearly designed for a controller. If you have a controller, I really recommend you use it.It's just so damn fun. Even if the ending of the game left me cold to playing more, I got a lot of enjoyment out of extracting soldiers, researching weapons, taking out outposts, and completing missions that I think my time was well spent. I do not feel like I wasted so many hours of my life playing this.So, yes, it is a great game. It's also a great example of how there is still so much room for innovation in the open-world genre, and also how a story can be ruined by pacing issues and cheap twists."
,Recommended,287700,31895347,Posted: 21 May,all,itzOniix,Good:GraphicsGameplayMapStoryCharactersVoice ActingTranslationVehiclesAnimationSelectionCustomizationBad:(there's a bad section??)10/10.
,Recommended,287700,17926567,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Angel Bacon,"""The Man who sold the world""enough said."
,Recommended,287700,17832590,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Humbleification,"A Hideo Kojima GameGraphics are beautiful. You can customize all your weapons. Massive world to explore. Everything is acccessible. Controls are easy. But the best thing ever.......................................? You can swerve cars after you order your horse to ""do it"", also known as, defecating.I love it 11/10. Must buy."
,Recommended,287700,17843432,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Glæ,Kojima-San. You made it. Once again.. Game of the Year 10/10.
,Recommended,287700,17841123,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Yuhoo,Dope as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287700,17841306,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,puzzelism,A Hideo Kojima game.
,Recommended,287700,17853014,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Cake,A Hideo Kojima game
76561198063060927,Recommended,287700,34296428,Posted: 16 August,all,shyska ronja,"WARNING!IF YOU INTEND TO BUY THIS MAKE SURE FOLLOW TUTORIALS CLOSELY TO GET THE BEST POSSIBLE EQUIPMENT!Mission 45 is a mission you cannot abbandon, it autosaves as you start it and will always be the first thing you do if you start the game from that point.many people hate this mission as they cannot leave it to get better prepared. Before YOU start this mission make sure you have the following:1. Battle Dress Mk32. Killer Bee or Honey Bee at max damage levels3. Pequod fully armed and armored with, armor, thrusters, air-to-ground missiles, and rockets. (this is to get maximum damage from Pequod.)4. Full artillery support.5. learning the layout of LAMAR KHAATE PALACE. (so you can find places to hide from one shot kill enemies)these five things will increase your chances for survival during mission 45. while expensive and time consuming it will make the mission a total cake-walk. (it sure as hell wasn't easy for me since I have to restart my entire game to get better prepared)"
76561198009687696,Recommended,287700,33461445,Posted: 11 July,all,Tiga-Claw,Pirate with an eyepatch goes on adventure with hot chick and a doggo.
,Recommended,287700,31754165,Posted: 14 May,all,Chihuahua,"▬▬▬.◙.▬▬▬═▂▄▄▓▄▄▂◢◤ █▀▀████▄▄▄▄◢◤█▄ █ー ███▀▀▀▀▀▀▀╬◥█████◤══╩══╩══THIS IS PEQUOD, ARRIVING SHORTLY AT LZShooting peeps and stuff/10Fun game though ;)"
76561198147304817,Not Recommended,287700,29830312,Posted: 10 February,all,BoosterNRG,"That moment when you´re clearing out OKB Zero which doesn´t have a communications center that can be destroyed and the last soldier calls in reinforcements which spawns 4 guys with shotguns literally 10 meters away from you causing you to get killed within the next 4 seconds, resulting in having to restart the entire process of clearing out OKB Zero."
76561198049532430,Recommended,287700,33987494,Posted: 3 August,all,dodger,"I managed to put over 100 hours into this game without much struggle, It's very repettitive, but I don't personally mind that in a stealth game. As far as the stealth mechanics go, it's not exactly Chaos Theory but it works. And I like the fact that you can approach a mission in any way, but the difficulty of straight up combat and the fact that you get scored based on your stealth kind of defeats this.I used to think the critisisms of this game were undiserved. Until I finished the game. And now I regret spending money on it.There's a pretty good twist but the way they do the twist is terrible. A few characters die but none of the deaths are satisfying or gratifying in any way.There are also no important characters in this game, by which I mean, you can remove litterally any character from this game, including the character you play as, without changing the plot, and there are several characters that should be removed. Even the main villain doesn't need to exist.The Phantom pain's story is split into two chapters. As far as I can tell, this is because they wrote one chapter for the game...Litterally everything past the ""Half way point"", which is actually the two-thirds point, is filler. Including the ending. Somehow the ending of the game is filler. No characters have anything resembling motivation and most of the characters have the same dialoge throughout the game.Ocelot: ExpositionSkullface: MonologuingMiller: WhiningSnake: N/AHowever the worst dialoge is in the Quiet interrogation scene, a masterclass in god awful writing. It's genuinly impressive that a scene so inconsistant could be written in one sitting. They even reveal two plot twists in this scene, one of which anyone with a functioning hippocampus already knew, and the other anyone with an intellect comparable to my dog figured out long befor this.Buy it on sale if you like stealth. Do not buy for action. Do not buy for story."
,Recommended,287700,27614897,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sheepski,This review is already a demon.
,Recommended,287700,17826650,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,HybridRev,A ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece!
,Recommended,287700,23801780,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Swag Doctor,"Do I recommend this game? Absolutly ♥♥♥♥ing yes. It blends fantastic stealth and combat seamlessly with an exceptional story. The characters are interesting and vivid, and Big Boss is a badass. Also, the visuals are great."
76561198061250480,Recommended,287700,31458325,Posted: 30 April,all,Fluppi393,"There may have been Metal Gear titles with a better story, but the open world combined with the great missions and mother base features make this the most addicting Metal Gear of all time to me."
,Recommended,287700,25400318,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Kx250Bandit,"Haters gonna hate, I thouroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,287700,29678471,Posted: 3 February,all,Fez,The game is amazing but could have been better. Sadly since Konami did what they did and wanted to invest more on pachinko machines i don't think a good MGS is coming in the future.♥♥♥♥ you Konami and your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ zombie game.
,Recommended,287700,18111961,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Pataur,After beating the game.. all I am left with is..Phantom Pain.
76561198060937208,Recommended,287700,17836815,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SauceySauce,"An amazing game with a massive open world, tons of missions to complete, and a compelling story with multi-leveled and likable characters. To top it all off, it has an amazing PC port with lots of graphics options and it runs at a solid 60 fps everywhere, including in cutscenes.If this review hasn't convinced you to buy the game yet, you can make your horse poop on command. Sold."
76561198105206465,Recommended,287700,29611475,Posted: 31 January,all,garichello,"U can finally rescue Hideo Kojima. At last )To tell you the truth, i've been playing MGS series since Dendy game controller. And, to continue telling the truth - this game is the best one. Just f***ing great. Nothing less, nothing more. U can do whatever you want.Go full stealth, try to get a guard to sleep and fail, so u trigger the alarm...well, U CAN GET A TANK DELIVERED, GET IT, AND GET ALL OF EM BLOWN TO PIECES.This is one of the best games. And i played specially long, so it will last longer.Thank you, Hideo, for this product of your genius."
,Recommended,287700,17973250,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Scharf,"Absolutley amazing gameplay. Story on the other hand isn't on par with the other Metal Gear Solids though, it feels unfinished and wrong. I would get it, but if you have played most of the previous MGS then you'll be dissapointed story wise."
,Recommended,287700,24127945,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DeathKnight / Idle for Cards,People say it's ending its unfinished (I still didn't reach there) but the game is amazing.Worth ur money.
,Recommended,287700,23992367,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,$tifinh0,21 Hours played -14% of the gameHalf of the time watching Quiet BoobsStill better than CoD GhostsWould Bang...Play again 10/10
,Recommended,287700,25772751,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,darkvapor,Mission Objective: SurVive.
76561198027377779,Recommended,287700,30439131,Posted: 10 March,all,Sean O,"This is a phenomenal game. You know the games that captured your imagination and got you super excited, games you get nostalgic for that never exist anymore? Games like Morrowind, the first Halo, Call of Duty 4? This is one of those games.  I have never played any Metal Gear games before but now I wish I could.  This is kind of like a friendlier version of splinter cell combined with... i dunno, a good shooter.The first mission in this one is utterly enthralling. It starts with a bang, grabs you by the throat and shakes you, and unfortunately, it's the high point of the story. The rest of the plot is above average, about an 8/10, but it gets a bit shaky towards the end with cut content and plot lines not followed up, et cetera (you can read more about this on the web).This has the best soundtrack of any game i've ever played, period. The theme song and a few others are totally gripping.  Sound is amazing  - i recommend playing with headphones in as it will literally transport you to another place.  Gameplay is also super solid. There are a few clunky areas on PC - god knows how many times I foud myself infinitely swapping weapons instead fo picking up a corpse,  or jumping up the wrong ledge etc,  but by and large the controls are slick, smart, and very useable.Action scenes are also awesome - even though this is a stealth game, it's so much fun to set off a chain of C4  and start blasting that I consider it a big pity there were no real action missions.By the end of the game (~100 hours or so) for me it gets a bit repetitive, as the final ~10 missions are mostly just a repeat of early ones, and the side ops get INCREDIBLY repetitive,  by the time you get up to 'destroy the tank unit mission #15' you're like 'ffs, really?'.  But truly, the game had me by the balls for the entirety of the first hundred hours. I could not stop playing.  I have about 70% completion at this point.To give you a little taste,  my modus operandi is usually to sneak around/into a base, and put C4 at the base of all the towers, on the power generator, the power poles, the lights, and sometimes some vehicles etc. I sneak in to do the sneaky things i have to do , and hten if i get spotted (and cant kill the guy silently) i whip out my rifle and start blasting, then detonate the C4 to distract enemies and cover my escape.  You'll have plenty of super-hairy, survived by the skin of your teeth moments here, and you will love them to bits.  It's not as slow and frustrating as many other stealth games (usually), especially once you learn how close you can get without being spotted etc.There are flaws in this game,  but if the question is 'should I buy it?' the answer is 'absolutely yes.' Buy the version that gives you combined Ground Zero + Phantom Pain, as Ground Zeroes is also really good - great cutscenes and soundtrack and a great introduction while you wait for TPP to download.* I have edited this to say that I did not find the dog until 80% of the way through the game and until i specifically went looking for him. I got told about him once way early in the game but could not find him. I also shot the sniper chick as it was not really clear she was supposed to be your ally. I actually recommend playing without them.  The dog is essential for completing missions on S difficulty but tbh it's more atmospheric with only your horse."
,Recommended,287700,18059296,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,i came here to wet something els,"You actually feel the phantom pain that all of the characters feel because of all of the cut content, what a masterpiecebravo kojima"
76561198046910530,Recommended,287700,23993212,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Twabbis,What a fun game
,Recommended,287700,27892278,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,canned_player,"One of the best experiences I had in gaming in years. HIGHLY recommended if you´re a long term fan or not.I just played this game too much in all possibilities available, so it´s time to say goodbye now. Thanks a lot Kojima and his team for going against all the odds and releasing it.Great game, smooth, highly polished engine, top class software."
76561198002954155,Recommended,287700,17916993,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,RG Darkside,This is a game with a great story and fantastic visuals that run over 60 fps.
76561198080994162,Recommended,287700,22299766,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Shrek ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),11/10 ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. BUY IT NOW
,Recommended,287700,17826184,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,janus,Game didn't crash until I closed it myself.10/10
,Recommended,287700,24951617,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Mancesco,"What makes a Metal Gear game? Great plot and wonky gameplay.How's THIS Metal Gear game? S**t plot, fantastic gameplay....dafuq?"
76561197981773880,Recommended,287700,23762806,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,mucho_muertos,Yes.  Good.
76561198063406140,Recommended,287700,17831611,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Samplee,.░░░░░░░░░░█▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░████▀▀▀███▄░░░░░░░░░▄▄█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀█▌░░░░░░░▐██▒▄■▀▒▒▒▀■▄██░░░░░░░▐██▒▒▄▄▌▒▐▄▄▒▐█▌░░░░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▌░░░░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▒▒▒▒█▌░░░░░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓░░░░░░░░░▓▒▒▒▒▄██▄▒▒▒▓░░░░░░░░░▓▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▓░░░░░░░░░░▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▐█▌▒▒▐█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀████▀░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,287700,33654240,Posted: 19 July,all,Fallen,When it comes to Metal Gear Series . You cant ignore itThe Phantom Pain Is the Ultimate Metal Gear GameTruth: The Man Who Sold The World Is Next To you :)
,Recommended,287700,17842053,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,TheShaffinator,"Hideo's last Metal Gear game. Yes, it's as good as every expectation it was given and more. This is indeed worthy of being the final masterpiece of one of the grandest series gaming has ever known."
,Recommended,287700,23049701,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Gegas,Very good game!!
,Recommended,287700,33157938,Posted: 2 July,all,giparra,"There's so much praise to the game, I'm going to focus on the negative aspects.Is it worth buying? Yes. Amazing experience overall.But the game frankly lacks polish in gameplay action, to the point you're going to die and lose hours of playtime (and GMP) because a quick action prompt overlapped at last second with another. The camera can be messy, and that added to how movements follow robotic long scripted arcs, it ends up in actions that feel unnatural, aiming that is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ missleading crosshairs, grenades that go anywhere but throught the predict arc, etc. You will sleep yourself in a critical moment, because your gas cannister skyrocketed away from it's path and bounced back to you.Also, key assignements is a mess, which actually means pc keyboard players loose functionality, and the game gives no way to get it back.The game is so good that you will keep playing despite of it, but it's frustrating, and over time it gets very, very grindy. It has clear pay-to-win options. People may oversee them because it's part of the FoB mode, which is not part of the main story/gameplay, but it makes an important difference for people into it. You pay to save time in resource gathering, you can pay to unlock faster, etc. In short, you can basically buy defense and offense points, and get better gear, so to get more resources, and so on. The first spot in the rank will be a hacker or a premium player.The online servers are incredibly unstable, at least for my region. They keep failing and spamming failure messages, which brings mayhem to your offline economy and can seriously cripple you as the stability of your Mother-Base depends or resources that are online. You can lose keyfeatures from specialists leaving because of GMP shortage caused by a server error.In terms of actual bugs, the game is rather clean at this point. So that's great for a AAA game these days.Other than that, addictive, pretty, compelling, at times trollish, but well, that's part of the charm."
76561198087849596,Recommended,287700,17843743,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,iStangoo,10/10 best game!
,Recommended,287700,26172508,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,amuse.FTP,"Fultoned a puppy, 10/10"
76561198068599251,Recommended,287700,30890464,Posted: 1 April,all,Arctic,Fire whale
76561198071056705,Recommended,287700,17855890,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dr. Disco,Got the game 3 hours ago and I already played 22 hours.8/8
,Recommended,287700,23036693,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,hachiroku,awesome game for a nonfandisappointment for a fan
76561198058564945,Recommended,287700,17899700,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,-=Fre4K=-,"Really good game, so much to do, many fun details <350 hours played 0 crashes, runs smooth 60 fps full settings."
76561198008314322,Not Recommended,287700,17974843,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Aeon Amadi,"Want to love this game but the FOB Missions are some next level EA ♥♥♥♥ery.Long story short: Your Forward Operating Base is what allows you to expand your base, get people, and thereby progress through the game a bit easier. You get unlocks and upgrades through this system as well as a host of other gameplay features. The entire single-player game revolves around Mother Base, your FOBs, and your army.Problem is that other players can invade your FOB and steal your people. They can do this even while you are offline. You are practically forced to participate because many of the unlocks and upgrades require a certain Security Team level, which only comes from having an FOB. So, if you want to enjoy the single-player, you have to subject yourself to other players taking your building resources and people.There is an ""offline mode"" but all this does is delay the inevitable, as you will immediate receive the effects of any player invading your FOB (taking your people/resources) the next time you log in. Which, by the way, you have to do in order to upgrade your FOB in the first place, and if you don't you hamstring your own progression.TL;DR - FOBs are an online mode that you must use to get the full experience but doing so impacts your single player experience in a pretty significant way.For that reason, I do not recommend this game until they get it fixed. No game, especially one stemming from a primarily Single Player franchise, should ever be impacted by other players when you are not able to contribute to your own defense."
,Recommended,287700,17885437,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Джефф,"You arrive with your helicopter blaring 80's synth rock anthems, while you jump out bare-chested with nothing but a carboard box and a double-barrel shotgun, then you get on a horse with a helmet and disarm some mines in the middle of a desert for $60000.Great game"
76561198003970310,Recommended,287700,17902205,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Dicer,incredible piece of art
76561198015923814,Recommended,287700,17936500,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,mattecoolio,"Well the game is worth the money even with it few flaws i loved the game finished all main missions, S ranked all main missions and finished all side ops in 94h and i am only 79% done so i still have stuff to do. is it worth it YES so if you are thinking of getting the game i say go for it the singel player alone is worth the cost."
76561198271957989,Recommended,287700,29888025,Posted: 12 February,all,MrPandar,This is peqoud ariving shortly at LZ.
76561198024446641,Recommended,287700,17914355,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Grizz,"It's basically Elder Scrolls and a traditional Metal Gear Solid game smashed together. If you enjoy open worlds, adventuring, tactical warfare, base/soldier management, and complete customization over your playstyle and how you approach situations, then this game is for you.9.5/10"
,Recommended,287700,22244867,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Corono,When your supressor breaks when shooting an enemy prisoner.
,Recommended,287700,34943462,Posted: 13 September,all,Tegiminis,"the superpowered ghost zombies were kinda weird and bad, but otherwise i liked it. base management like peace walker, invasion-style multiplayer, actual multiplayer, and an open world singleplayer. lots to love."
,Recommended,287700,24452310,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Rymbr,WOAH-HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,287700,17890255,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Terroriza,"This review is only of single player and I use a controller.This is the best game i've played by far since dark souls 2.  The game has you so immersed in the action right away from the start. It does not even waste time going into any type of ""hit start"" screen. As soon as you turn it on it jumps right in for about 20 minutes of action before getting to a title screen. I don't want to describe to much and give anything away, but that opening scene is just amazing.This is visually one of the best games I have ever seen. I was a little worried I could run it using only an i-3, 270x and 6gb RAM, but I can run it at a pretty constant 60fps @ 1080pwith some high 40s dips here and there most likely due to the processor.  Most of it stayed within 56-60fps and I have yet to have it dip below 40 even once.  To have a game look this good and actually be able to run on an i-3 is something else. Konami really nailed it with this FOX engine and I really hope to see a whole slew of games coming out on it in the near future.The game is freaking huge! After about 12 hours on this char i'm only 4% done. You could definitely get to where I am now if you rushed thru and skipped the cut scenes in about 4 hours or so. I spent a while just screwing around gathering herbs and catching animals. I also went fairly slow thru the missions, but it's hard not to when you have the option to go about it however you want.. If it looks to crowded in that first spot then simply low crawl a half mile past the lights to get to the other side so that you can take those guards out easier. You can move to any area you want to in order to approach the mission. I did the same mission a few times and it felt different because of being able to go into it from multiple areas. I'm not one for watching cut sceenes in games, but these are really nice and I have yet to skip one.Pros:-Graphics and Gameplay-Character customization-Create a giant base w/ multiple research departments to create upgrades you choose.-Recruit people to work in your base and play as multiple characters in missions.-To get all objectives in missions requires at least 2 plays, high replay value.-Story and cutscenes-Open world with resource collection-Gas cans / car jacks / buckets, etc all over waiting to get bumped and alert an enemy.-Multiple ways to finish missions. Do you kill the target? Capture him? Make him work for you?Cons:-Can not have more than 1 total save file. Not huge for me, but some people might like to play 1 time only offline and another save for online. You will have to delete whichever choice is first.-Weapon switching could be better. Not a big issue, but it's more of a con than neutral for sure.-No difficulty settings.-Silencers break so unrealistically fast, but can be refilled fairly easy. Silencers should not break, this is not Dying Light.Neutral:-No audio sliders-Can't shoot the giant radios on the patrols back to stop them from radio in.-Your horse is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and can't run down a road w/o you steering him. No way to auto run on him.-Would like to have the checkpoint save system w/ multiple save slots as wellThe issues are all fairly small with nothing being game breaking / unplayable. There are games you buy that are good and there are games you buy where you are like, man i'm really glad I spent my money on that. This game is definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,287700,34357903,Posted: 19 August,all,Blargman,"Big MGS fan and have played MGS1 to MGS4 and Peacewalker. How is MGSV? Heres an overview that will be spoiler free.Story/Plot/Characters: The story is actually really interesting and has nice throwbacks, cameos, and eastereggs however later on the story kinda just feels ""there"" you can tell it was unfinished and there was content cut or missing.  There are alot of good memorable returning characters while theres alot of forgettable ""just there"" characters.Gameplay: Player controls have improved alot, movement, aiming, sneaking etc all have improved mechanics. Camo Indexes are actually still in the game, technically invisible so you have to pick the right camo for the level.  The game is essentially a bigger scale version of Peacewalker with an open world. While i do like the open world i was dissapointed with the lack of levels, there's only 2 levels: Afghanistan and Africa.Graphics: The graphics are very clean and hi res imo. The game is well optimized too; im running the game with a GTX1060 on ultra settings and the framerate rarely ever dips.Sound Design (Music, SFX, Voiceacting): Harry Gregson Williams returns for Metal Gears music; hes composed music for the series since MGS2; the music is really good and fitting. Sound effects in the game are also really well made.  As for the voice acting, majority of the voice acting is very good except Big Boss.Is Kiefer Sutherland a good actor? in my opinion yesIs he good as a voice actor for Big Boss? well in my opinion his performance was kinda forgettable. I didnt really focus too much on the voice change but David Hayter will always be Snake/Big Boss.The reason im recommending MGSV is purely for the gameplay, its really cheap currently but ide say wait on a flash sale to get it even lower."
,Recommended,287700,24777090,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,The Biker™,This is Pequod!Arriving shortly at LZ!12/10
76561198098227739,Recommended,287700,34424487,Posted: 22 August,all,Dio Brando,Played this game like a damn fiddle
,Recommended,287700,17920097,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,fake h,"A 10/10 ""TOP KEK"" overall good NUCLEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR and or WIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILD experience for the whole family."
,Recommended,287700,33850090,Posted: 28 July,all,Natty,I ate my snake and now I have a phantom pain
,Recommended,287700,34965206,Posted: 14 September,all,cool birb,gameplay goodstory badoverall: eh
,Recommended,287700,35025527,Posted: 17 September,all,miknop™,woah HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,287700,24347811,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,AssEater3000,THE SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINSNEVER DIEalso im nuclear10/10
,Recommended,287700,17852743,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,cameron,*fultons u* adios muchachos
,Recommended,287700,17888028,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,TANMAN147,10/10 hideo kojima last work of art26 hours into the game and only 22 percent complete with the game.
,Recommended,287700,17857911,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,-X-,"The very definition of digital entertainment. It is sad to know that this will be the last Hideo Kojima MGS for the foreseeable future but I can rest easy knowing that he left on the highest possible note. To say that MGSV is just a game would be understating it by a large margin, it is a work of art. From the impeccable dialogue to the graphically stunning landscapes, this masterpiece has hit it spot on at all points. One cannot recommend this highly enough as it sincerely has to be played to be appreciated and I can guarantee that once I have moved onto the next big release that this title will sit in the back of my mind and will never be forgotten."
76561198081010682,Recommended,287700,17864162,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,jeverill,Quiets boobs 10/10
76561198075461060,Recommended,287700,17849443,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Asian fukboioi,"Not your typical kind of Metal Gear, but still awesome for the hardcore fans and the new commers.PROS-Tons of things to do-Nice graphics-Runs very nicely-Good storyCons-NoneThis game is just awesome do yourself a favor and get it :)"
76561197982317165,Recommended,287700,17879328,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,KingOfAdventure,Best thing ever
,Recommended,287700,18033413,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,カフェイン,It's ok
,Recommended,287700,17874873,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Decerto -iwnl-,"If anything beats this for GOTY, I'd eat s**t.Just sayin'."
,Recommended,287700,17864137,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Chriqro,"Amazing world, stunning graphic, sandboxy style gameplay. Overall very enjoyable, a must play game."
,Recommended,287700,17858416,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Andz 141,"well it's 6:30 am and i've been playing this game for a while just thought i would write my thoughts on this game. in a word OUTSTANDING well optimised stunning gameplay and a visual treat. i've been a steam user quite some time having grown up and stepped down from kiddy consoles and i have bought my fare share of games on steam and i got to thinking i've just shelled out £45 for this game so what have i got for my money. well in my personal opinion i have been giving a game something with which i can actually play, enjoy and not have to update this or modify that or wait for a patch or look for a fix online. you see this is were other companies just dont get what a video game is anymore, i like my smaller steam games as well something you can have a good laugh with with friends. but when it comes to these so called AAA titles your not getting a game, your just paying for a title i.e. call of duty (activision), asassins creed (ubisoft) and various other companies that over promote there really bad pc ports.so just to some up yes this is a GOOD game it's well worth the asking price and you can actually play it. if your still not sure just keep reading some more reviews then make your decision. you wont be dissapointed.p.s. if you looking on negative reviews try asking the reviewer what system they have some negative reviewers systems just dont meet the requirements of the game. (not necesarily there fault may be new to pc gaming) 99% of the guys and gals on steam will help you if you have a question. so there you go as i said worth the money,"
,Recommended,287700,35163131,Posted: 23 September,all,flontapitt,"bohoohllwla sneky brolol metal geaer solid online b4 v phatonm pain f4 koola to get sneky ez kill band then fong flyigng to get i tthe head adn ,kill mddeon becomem u nbut u shinbile but tHWEn you get the super hand fisting u CANKIl the ladyes and kids"
,Recommended,287700,23337604,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Modafa,"I feel like playing The Witcher 3 but with Guns and you play as Geralt but with brown hair. I mean you have Roach here.I love the gameplay, its fun and strategic. 10/10"
76561198104766439,Recommended,287700,33214229,Posted: 3 July,all,OrphiusKai,it took me 100hours of gameplays  to finish this unfinished game   :D
,Recommended,287700,23775961,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,georgebot,"The game is awesome except for the ending, the microtransactions and the fact that it is unfinished.  I'm a big MGS fan, but even if I was not I'd totally recommend this.  The gameplay is perfect.  I give it four soccer balls and a softball."
,Recommended,287700,21695339,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Doctor Sus,"It's fun. If you want to buy it, I'd recommend waiting for a sale though.The game is open-world, meaning that you can have lots of fun and ♥♥♥♥ around as much as your heart desires.Not the greatest execution, story is lackluster (especially for an MGS game), missions are frequently reused, and the game belongs to the greediest company on earth, Konami. Beware of their shekel-stealing behavior.Other than that, it's pretty good."
,Recommended,287700,21821672,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Kikuzero,">Soldier Greets ""Morning Boss!"">Punch Him Hard>Soldier Stunned>Kick Him>Soldier Wakes Up>Soldier Says ""Thank You Boss!"">""Morale Has Increased""10/10 Best Punching Simulator Ever"
,Recommended,287700,21805220,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,hi,"this review will not have story spoilers.scroll down to the bottom for the TL;DR version.this is my first metal gear game, and i must say that i think it is a great stealth game and a good game overall. however, instead of talking about everything in the game in one humongous paragraph, i usually like to separate my reviews into sections so i will do the same here.PORT/OPTIMIZATIONthis game was ported really well and is optimized really well too. i havent crashed once, not much to say here other than that.STORYMGSV is 5th in chronological order of the metal gear series and takes place in 1984. the story is pretty good and there are many emotional/epic moments, but a lot of the missions dont have anything to do with the story at all which kills the consistency of the great missions and major happenings in the story. also, due to the dispute kojima and konami had, some story content was cut in order for the game to be ready for release date, but the story is still pretty good.GAMEPLAYi would say the gameplay is well thought out and one of the greatest parts of this game. enemies will adapt to your playstyle in that they will start wearing gas masks if you use a lot of smoke/sleep grenades, wear helmets when you constantly headshot, and wear body armor when you constantly body shot.there are also many ways you can complete a mission. lets say there is a mission to eliminate a target. you can knock them out and extract them, straight up shoot them, blow them up, mine the road up ahead, call in a supply drop on their head to knock them out, the list goes on.  the stealth gameplay is also nice as you can't just shoot everybody using a silenced weapon due to suppressor durability, which adds difficulty.PROBLEMSthis section is more toward small technical problems i personally had, not anything like game breaking glitches or bugs as this game is pretty clean of those. it might be just me, but i didn't like the checkpoint system too much. i would stealth maybe halfway through a mission then accidentally get spotted, then restart from checkpoint and end up having to restart from a long time back. again, this could just be encouragement to get better at the game so that you wouldnt have to restart so far back, but i personally didnt like it.the assortment of weapons you can use in this game are big. most of them are just upgrades, but there are still alot to choose from. my problem with this was that killing in this game is frowned upon, so having all these awesome weapons felt like it was all here for nothing. the explosives sure were needed for fighting tanks and helicopters, but there were a ton of weapons i never used, which in turn lead to making the game slightly boring just using the same nonlethal weapons every time.apart from a few missions stating that a missile launcher is a recommended weapon to use, none of the missions state whether it is a stealth or loud mission or not. the mission description is obviously there for a reason, but it would still be beneficial to know for sure what to bring. there was also a mission that started off quiet but then turned into an extreme full-out loud fest, which is why i think missions like those are the biggest example of why being more specific on recommended weapons would have been a good idea.TL;DRgreat port, the story will leave you with some questions due to cut content and is also inconsistent at times, very good stealth and gameplay mechanics, no game breaking bugs/glitches.i give the game a 92/100 and would recommend it to others."
76561198263574872,Recommended,287700,22777206,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,[ TPP ]  R I D E R  S&G,"I like it, but less than MGS & MGS3IN THE GAME STORY.But the online is the best till now lol.Thanks"
,Recommended,287700,22779427,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,charlietakethetrench,"overall a fun game, I don't really get the story and never played the other games in the series, but it's fun. I mean, any time you get to ride around in a helicopter and run your own PMC it's good times."
12293923929320303,Recommended,287700,22751451,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,StuG,One absolutely amazing half of a game.
76561198209339193,Recommended,287700,22806306,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,The Man Who Sold The World,"Thank you Boss,!Never got bored of it!I play it here and on PS4 <3"
76561198005731444,Recommended,287700,28665295,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lordcooler,so i played this game on the ps4 last year. got about 60 hours on it but had a house fire and never got to finish it. got a pc rig now and all i have to say your are doing this game a great injustice if you are not playing it at 4k. looks amazing at 4k.this new fox engine is one of the best game engines ever created.
,Recommended,287700,28670186,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,proseph prostar,"I wasn't sure if I'd like this game. then I started playing it. And then I didn't stop. I've put just about a full day's worth of time into this game over the past two days. The other time was spent sleeping, or something.my sleep schedule is G O N E.really funny original joke incomingplayed me like a damn fiddle"
,Not Recommended,287700,17910845,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Meanie Panini,"Leaves all the questions we had prior to MGSV TPP and adds more questions to that, barely answering any of the questions it gives and is pretty much just a huge ♥♥♥♥ed you from Kojima.""The missing link to the saga"" my♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,287700,17918844,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,randombattle,You can ride around on a horse shooting guys with a machine gun while Rebel Yell is playing over your portable speaker. It's the best stealth game ever made.
76561198008388774,Not Recommended,287700,17968736,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,sapperlrs,Nice game. Graphics are great. Fot the 2 hours I got to play it.  Tried to log in to continue the game and it wouldn't launch.  No patch that I could find.  Ended up getting a refund thru Steam.
76561197989358262,Not Recommended,287700,17995756,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Porathk,"If you think you'll play only as a stealth game you'll be disappointed, because it's going to be repetitive and boring, since this one is an open world with less story and plot than the previous MGS. And, it's hard to follow and understand the plot because between one cutscene and the other there is a long time and sometimes you don't remember some details or names.Controls are made for consoles. I feel clumsy changing weapon and items, crawling, aiming with a pad, or even a keyboard in this case, but this is me, maybe for some others it's not going to be a problem.Best points are the graphics, beautiful and light even on older systems, and the first hour and a half of cutscenes.I wouldn't recommend this game at full price definitely. If you like to play stealth wait for a big price drop."
76561198119501258,Not Recommended,287700,17826506,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Salvatration on Twitter,"Edit: SPOILERS, the game has a whole chapter missing, probably due to Konami. It's unfinished.Edit 2: Runs at the same framerate as a 280 on Extra with a 390, so there is some dodgy stuff going on there. It also now has microtransactions to a ludicrous degree, so avoid it like the plague. Thanks Konami, for ruining another franchise.Plenty of options, runs very well without very many frame drops on High with a 280 Aftermarket, not overclocked. The game itself is super fun, and it doesn't assault you with cutscenes like past installments have."
,Not Recommended,287700,17829462,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Seansna,SHIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTT
,Not Recommended,287700,17832098,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SteveBruleMD,"Amazing....ly terrible ending. The whole end felt rushed and it was a massive disappointment. Also, the stupid end missions they throw at you every once in a while make no sense. This could have been a great game, the graphics are good, the first chapter and a half were great too, but boy that ending."
,Recommended,287700,17855614,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Mugz,"Currently I only have about 4 hours of game time, but I can already tell that this is one of the best games I've played in a long time. The first hour of gameplay takes you on a roller coaster. It's been a while since a game has given me goose bumps and it's great to have that feeling surface again with MGS. It's a shame more games can't pull off what MGS can do. I've recently got into the thick of it, so to speak, and the gameplay is already awesome. The more open world idea is pretty damn cool. I've been using mouse and keyboard and it's really not that bad of a set up. I played Ground Zero with a 360 controller and it worked nice as well.I was scared at first do to a crash on EVERY startup, but it was fixed first day with a beta patch!!! How awesome is that! I've got a pretty old setup and I can run it on medium to high settings with great frame rate. I'm running a phenom II 945 (6 years old) and a AMD 6970. Still going strong.Awesome game guys! Can't wait to play some more of it... (This is the type of game that makes you want to take a day off of work to play)"
,Not Recommended,287700,17889110,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Pez,"First up I'll say that I'm a huge metal gear fan, Sons Of Liberty is in my top 3 games ever.Possibly one of the most overrated games I've had the pleasure of playing. This is a terrible PC port, the story is completely disjointed, the motherbase feature is pointless and was clearly put in by Konami for microtransactions before Kojima had his say. The graphics feel outdated, the cut scenes look good but they're the only part of the game that really stand out. The worst and best part of this game is the gameplay, the gameplay mechanics work very well but the missions become very repetitive (extract this target, kill that target) and makes the game feel sluggish. I'm 18 hours through the game and feel like I still haven't done anything significant. It's also easy to tell where the microtransactions were supposed to be before they got pulled, how can I be 18 hours through and still have the basic starting weapons with a few upgrades? Really.....thanks for the refund steam :)Positives + The prologue, gameplay mechanics, cut scenesNegatives - Everything elseFinal thoughts? Screw you Konami. I expected better from you Kojima.......P.s The mission where I have to get those little African ♥♥♥♥♥rs on the chopper didn't work, I had to stun all of those little scumbags and then load them on the chopper, clap clap. P.s Go fuark yourself Konami."
,Not Recommended,287700,17899679,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Zuvielify,"I wish I could recommend this game. It's beautiful and runs wonderfully. The gameplay is pretty great.Except for one tiny little problem:After 22 hours of play, it lost my f-ing save. The save system is so lousy in this game. There is only one save, and you don't control it. You can't have other backup saves (unless you manually go into the save folder and copy, which I had no idea I would need to do).It also doesn't really have an obvious checkpoint system. Previously, I had lost 3 side-quests because I died and apparently they don't warrant a checkpoint.So, because of the FUBAR saving system, which is precarious when it works, and catastrophic when it outright fails without warning, I have to give this game my first thumbs-down."
,Not Recommended,287700,17900766,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Clockwork,"TL: DR = Astoundingly Great game but not worth it currently, if you want a better way to describe this game it would be “Bad Design Decision V”I was so hyped for this game like many othersI was so disappointed at Ground Zeroes like many othersBut this game just broke me in so many different waysI love this game don’t get me wrong, that is until I keep progressing in the game.It’s like one of those games that you love at the start but end up hating as you gradually play onLet’s start with the pros and consPros:+ The game is great no denying that+The soundtrack, environment, first impressions, spot on+Gun Customization, and a bunch of other customization, though not as extensive as hoped+Good port, no idea why some people have crashes, never had a single crash, and I have finished the game, major lag in the emblem design feature but fine aside from that+Gameplay is fresh and interesting, though it feels dumbed down from what peace walker offered in some aspects (Character skills, 4 in PW, 1 here. Deployment of vehicles and soldiers are also automatic now for the “Outer Ops”. Character combat skills borrow from their other skills instead of having dedicated combat skills like in PW (Reload, health, etc, all mixed with the other skills such as support and R&D))+The story is amazing, though has some issues that I will discuss in the cons.Mission 43, the epidemic, shooting your own men, amazing, the way they saluted as you shot them down, very powerfulCons:-The story has a lot of things that was left unansweredThe second English strain that was taken by that phycomantis-lookalike kid, where did that go? What happens to Eli after he ran away? That entire thing with Eli and that PhycoMantis kid was left out, odd.-The FOB System, look around, you will see the problem immediately, it is basically a system designed for grifers, people killing your staff, taking your stuff. They can even invade you when you are offline, if you hate clash of clans and the like you will hate this system, and it is not really optional as they said it is, the moment you connect online they are going to force you to build one. Even if you are online you can’t really defend it, which brings me to my next point-The server is really bad currently. I am sure this will be fixed in time, but in the meantime, if you have an FOB, have fun sitting there trying to connect to the session as you watch helplessly as your staff are being kidnapped and killed-Mission 45, that was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at its finest, you waste a large amount of resources and effort to rescue Quiet, a companion who you have wasted a large amount of resources and effort to make her strong and useful. She was easily the best companion in the whole game, being able to scout and spot, killing from a distance with silencers, being able to cover you if you ♥♥♥♥ up stealth by helping you kill the enemy. Then she just goes and dies, fine enough story wise, I like the fact that she dies, gives her character, but removing her from gameplay is just dumb, it is punishing our gameplay experience for playing the game. The game just is not the same without her really useful skills. The only way of preventing this is also very obscure, and once you lose her, there is no way to get her back. Imagine if GTA V forces you to kill both Michael and Trevor, then makes that choice permanent just because, this is basically thatAs it stands it is not worth it, wait a bit, when the dust settles and the internet has a better grasps on what’s what, then go and buy it. It’s a great game,until you lose Quiet, then it’s not worth playing anymore, the game is just too different"
76561198138815114,Not Recommended,287700,17903885,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Bearded Cunt,"Don't get me wrong,The game is pretty good, but ♥♥♥♥..Who, The, ♥♥♥♥, Wants, To play repetitive missions in a ""harder mode"" on an already dull map?Heck, i've finished the game and there wasn't even an ending."
,Not Recommended,287700,17932963,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,VaporStrike,Rough Diamond Simulator 2015EDIT: Review changed to Not Recommended until you are able to opt out of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer system.
76561197988304909,Not Recommended,287700,17937724,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,$un$et_157,This game is fun until chapter 2 begin...should just end with chapter 1 boss and make new map polish some mission can even resell next chapter as dlc but nooooo they just eager to end it halfway...
76561198130564820,Not Recommended,287700,17980842,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,danny1234331,"Would recomend it for the gameplay, but i'll leave you really disapointed in terms of having a completed story line.(NOT FINISHED)Makes you say where is the rest of it?Do not buy it if you feel like being left disapointed at the end of it,"
,Not Recommended,287700,18043492,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Lamar1226,"meh, its a decent game. i dont understand all the 10/10 reviews. can not sit through any of the cutscenes and that horrendous opening mission was torture."
,Not Recommended,287700,18044732,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Yu,"Truth:From The Man Who Sold Metal Gear.From my point of view,this MGS is just an enhaced version of Peace Walker,which has some improvements (This OPEN WORLD everyone is screaming about,Mother Base as physical location et ceterum),but it lacks what was most important in every Metal Gear game since the Metal Gear Solid:plot.I have phantom pain for my plot that I have lost and all,you know what I mean,most of game's plot you can learn from trailers(And I'm not exaggerating).Gameplay is all about extracting people (and killing them when you get bored).I think that Peace Walker is more interesting,despite it being released on PSP.PW has very interesting and sometimes sensible story,which I really like. TPP supossed to be a revelation,but instead it's just a bunch of separate missions packed together,and just 2 of them (31 and 41) have a good plot that I've enjoyed.Yes, now we kinda know that it wasn't BB who was killed in Outer Haven,but it was Venom.So now what?Nothing.Plot is still a mess,and there no complete storyline after ending of chapter 1 (Chapter 2 is just a phantom of what it supposed to be,just as game itself.) So,you can buy TPP if you want sandbox gameplay for another week,but if you're looking for MGS,you should look for it in previous titles"
76561197991025608,Not Recommended,287700,18048577,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,OLmer,"I bought this MGS to watch Kojima cutscenes for 60 minutes straight, not for playing in crappy sandbox."
,Not Recommended,287700,18055749,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Rndsum,"No PC support forhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.konami.mgsvtppapp&hl=enI get tired of games supporting every system but pc in XYZ thing.. or exclusive bs for this or that platform.. ya take my money, but what about your principles of releasing a uniformly good experience? Rating negative till it's fixed. Please enjoy my review anyways!(Note to self remove above this line and change review if this problem is fixed and I am not to busy with drugs or sex slaves to do so..)=======================================================This game is good, I don't really care about the story much. But the game-play of running around shooting things in the head with drugs is amazing! It's like being the CIA and testing LSD on hapless KGB soldiers who can't see me if I lay down.It constantly rewards you for drugging people. In fact if you kill people your worse off. So push your drugs everywhere, and in no time you get to open a base! Where you can make better drugs to put people to sleep with! AMAZING!As you progress you eventually be able to use these drug testing trials in gases form, this is by far and away the best option as it inflicts your drugs on multiple people instead of just one. This means you can abduct more people (and probably use them as sex slaves for your drug empire)WAIT it gets better!Why have just meat sex slaves when you can add robots too! YES! Like the name implies you get GIANT robot sex slaves uncensored and well hung! This is a great thing because some times the real thing has a headache, or just dies on you in the middle of an OP and nobody likes a necrophiliac, but nobody minds a little toying around when the real thing just won't put out!More? YES! but you'll have to play with yourself to unlock them, and find out, there's no multiplayer yet.This review is brought to you by #FeministFrequency reviewing games for them because they cant do it properly.Note: The reviewer of this game in no way supports, condones, or may have (in the past or currently while writing this review) ever used a sex slave and/or giant sex robot (at the same time). They do however support and recommend you go tohttp://www.polarisproject.org/and help stop it.Thank you and please don't buy it it'll ruin your life."
,Not Recommended,287700,18062575,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Vale Defender,"It was really enjoyable at launch, but now that the meta for FOBs is set and any response from a defender will be to fire two rockets at you or shoot you with a glitched gun that will kill you immediately without fail, I just don't care.The gameplay is solid mechanically, but some aspects of this lack of balance should be killed. Defenders need a longer respawn timer, intruders need more than one attempt, defenders shouldn't be alerted to an invasion unless an alarm sounds, your previously placed mines and traps shouldn't disappear when a defender connects, you should get at least some ammo back as an invader when the defender spawns in fresh, homing rockets should not lock on people, shouldn't be able to mark players as defender or invader and also several missing FOB options are really important.The first week I played, FOBs were really entertaining and made some intense grudges. Totally forgiving the fact that we expected a unique experience on each base, it was great and only the truly stupid got run right over. Skill in any sort of thing doesn't really matter now, because the meta dictates that you shoot homing rockets and equip your staff with maxed battle armor and shotguns. No sneaking, kill or capture everybody quickly to get them out of the way and steal as much as you can before the defender comes. If they're especially bad you can get away, but it's not likely considering the really bad players turned to cheats. It went from 80% thrills 20% frustration to a 50/50 split I'm not interested in gambling on. This split is entirely dependent on whether or not the defender connects.The story? I stopped at the end of chapter 1 and by the way others tell it, I made a good choice. Most of the unlocks seem to be tied to side-ops rather than story so it hasn't cost me much in gameplay.As far as open-world conversions go, this game does it very faithfully to the franchise and is still good, but the fact that FOBs are such a chunk of the game and hurt so badly by putting two players in one place means I can't totally recommend it. It isn't bad, I just don't see a ""meh"" option."
76561197981360236,Not Recommended,287700,17900696,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,IAcousticI,Going to give it a thumb down for one fact. Console port game put on PC.. Mouse and keyboard support is bad! I'm a pc player and this isn't a console I'm typing on.... Stinks it could of bbeen good game.. Plus being locked at eye bleeding 60 FPS.... Just stop with that stuff on PC games.....
76561198002484443,Not Recommended,287700,17904826,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,no pie for you,Pay to win multiplayer -- in a game that already cost $60Hidden in-game store.
76561198129277409,Not Recommended,287700,17965569,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,mayersa88,"After finishing the game I'm still very conflicted about Phantom Pain. The gameplay is undeniably phenomenal. MGS has always had a lot of weird gameplay mechanics to discover and this game is overflowing with fun tricks to do with the cardboard box or the fulton system.The FOB system is pretty lame. It's annoying to be forced into playing online against other players, which is what this system does. Add to that the fact that it's set up to squeeze additional money out of the player and it's a big strike against the game.Most dissapointing, however, is the story. This game barely has one. When I ""finished"" the game I was convinced that there would be more. MGS has always been extremely story heavy but in this game you can see the paltry twists coming from a mile away. I can't really decide whether this review should be a Yes or a No, but I have to lean towards No for now because the game is so glaringly unfinished."
76561198005446083,Not Recommended,287700,17969768,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Calculus,"Every thing is perfect. But....You can slit target's throat when you are graping target, but you can not slit throat when they are stunned, this logic!!!!! It just like that you have a gun which it can shot at day, but you can not shot at night."
76561197972313796,Not Recommended,287700,18047053,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,PuruPuruPuru,"Bought the game for £50 at retail.>The game disc contains only a steam installer.-Its only £50 for a AAA game mind.>You have to be online to play the game. Some game content is locked behind microtransactions.-What do you expect, its a £50 AAA title.>You spend the first hour of the game pressing up on the analogue stick.-£50 AAA modern gaming like.>You spend ages watching Big Boss opening and closing doors on a helicopter to mask loading times.-What do you expect for £50.>Story missions can last up to five minutes and be S-ranked accidently, whilst you spend the majority of your time looking at stat screens on a menu and wait for your R&D to finish making cardboard boxes.-It was only £50.>Enemy AI is easy to confuse thanks to the lifeless open-world environment. Vehicles are outmatched by the power of balloons.-£50 mind.>The liscenced 80's music will be removed in five years time.-£50 like.>Gain heroism points by holding a knife to a poor soviet conscript's throat. Commit literal war crimes  without losing said points.-This is a £50 AAA game.>Big Boss cannot jump over an ankle-high ledge, or climb sloped hills without a button prompt.-£50.>Your savefile is corrupted after mission 29.-I've been played like a damn fiddle."
,Recommended,287700,18049269,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,[undefined],Best Stealth Game Ever!Attach suppressor to Rocket Launcher / 10
76561198010633637,Not Recommended,287700,18053891,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,✠Deser✞🅵☢⚔⚔M✠,"The game wasn't well thought out, there's so many missing features in the game. The amazing thing is some of the missing content is already in the game it's just not implemented.The game is still fun but gets old fast very very fast; I think the boring sets in after 70 hours of gameplay.Multiplayer - is forced, and no one but hackers really want to play it. Is there multiplayer true-coop you ask? OFC not developers can't wrap there heads around that.This should help you decide if the game is for you or not.http://steamcommunity.com/app/287700/discussions/0/523897277925419627/"
,Not Recommended,287700,18090238,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,l,good if you like buying half of a game
,Recommended,287700,18112679,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,O'Brien,Wait...  That wasn't even the ending?!?!?Jesus Christmas...  This game was only worth $60 with no Season Pass?1000/10.  Will buy for friends.
76561198002939979,Not Recommended,287700,18311008,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,NaeRei,"You spend the entire game expecting some kind of revelation, plot twist, some answers for those that played all of the previews games, moments that make your emotion and blood burning, well the best you are getting is the story about the loss of your sniper buddy, everything else you have seen it in the trailers and in the very beginning of the game. If you want a good story you are better off with fan made ones. When all is said and done out of 10 I would give it a 5 or 6 mainly for the open world stealth (that in turn becomes a compulsive fulton all you can kind of thing) still a nice game but falls short of what the previous titles have built"
,Not Recommended,287700,18360978,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Mandellla,"Everything was great until you're ♥♥♥♥ed up with the FOB crap, I don't want to play the game anymore since hackers are still out there infiltrating people's bases and ruining everything.Would buy this game if there was no FOB cancer."
,Recommended,287700,17851007,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Asian Violin Man,You can listen to 30 seconds of a Soviet Soldier dealing with diarrhoeaPlayed Like A Damn Fiddle/10
76561197967453490,Not Recommended,287700,18048265,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Tenten,"Really regretting buying this game at full price. Last MGS game I played through was 2, and I had fond memories of a well coreographed, theatrical experience. 100% of that in this game is in the opening sequence. After you leave the hospital it's mediocre to non-existant. The entire scene when Quiet is brought back to mother base was agonizingly paced, every scene feeling like it was arranged by a highschool media student with people awkwardly shuffling around frame and Quiet awkwardly humming her little tune the whole time. Gameplay is fantastic, granted, but MGS has always been about the over the top drama story and epic cinematography. Now I can't make sense of the story with everything being explained in recorded exposition with a new hostile acronym every other mission, quickly becoming an unintelligable mess."
,Recommended,287700,18316004,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Tsumugi Forever,"This is, and I am not kidding, my first 60 dollar game on Steam. I have generally refused to buy games until they drop below 30, but this was my one exception. And it was an amazing choice. The gameplay is near flawless, the story is very compelling, and hell, even the ending was pretty amazing considering all the factors that hinted at this ending that were sprawled all throughout the game. And plus, the ending even leads into Metal Gear, Metal Gear II and Metal Gear Solid. I don't see why everyone is getting so butthurt about this game, it's most certainly the best game that has come out in years, considering everything else is Call of Duty or some other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FPS. Also, my helicopter plays Renai Circulation. 9.8/10"
,Not Recommended,287700,18377431,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Peil,"I'm writing this as a negative review for a few reasons.  #1  You don't get to play the game right away.  You pretty much have to sit through a 2 hour movie where you only can push W and look around a bit.  Its really annoying.  I was expecting a long story before I got to start (maybe 30 minutes) but after 30 min went by, the show kept rolling.  I figured, ok, its probably almost over...an hour goes by...ok its probably almost over.  Another 20-30 minutes and I was like F this...I'm using the cut scene which now I regret because I have no idea why he has a devil horn on his head.The controls are not PC controls...they are x-box controls.  In the game when you have to do something, it tells you what xbox controls to use, not the keyboard.  Want to know the keyboard layout?  you gotta look it up online as it wont tell you in game.Despite having such a long story line, there is not much as far as a tutorial goes.  For instance, you kind of have to figure out how to use and assign base personel and its a bit confusing.Mother base is also too big...well not really too big but the platforms are so far away from each other, its annoying to have to drive to each one or call a helicopter in to fly you to one which really will end up taking just as long to get there.The good part is, the game is fun.  Once you get through (used to) all the annoying parts, its actually a really fun game although a bit unrealistic as you can take quite a few hits (I think about 40 or so) before you die."
,Not Recommended,287700,18392532,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,MrBlubberbutter,"Until recently, I had nothing but positive things to say about MGS V. The open world and many of the mechanics were amazing. It was everything I could hope for in a game. There were a few issues, but none of them were that significant. Occasional unresponsive controls can be very annoying. There are a few moments where there are cutscenes that aren't really cutscenes, so you can't skip them. That's a bigger deal, but still not too horrible.Then I tried a mission called Hellbound. I have nothing good to say about this mission. Unfortunately for me, it is game-breakingly bad. I won't spoil it for anyone else, but there is an enemy in this mission that has the trashiest AI I have seen in this game, and it's really unfortunate. I waited in a hiding spot I KID YOU NOT for 20 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes. That enemy stayed in the same location looking for me. I got the hint and moved on, crawling painfully slowly to the next possible location. Somehow, this enemy magically knew were I was because lo and behold, he starts searching for me in my new hiding spot, despite his character having absolutely no reason to be there.  He of course saw me, and forced me to restart for the 20th time that night. It was 2:30 in the morning, and I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wanted to be in bed by 12.I've wasted hours on this mission. There is no immediate save option, so I am forced to either complete this mission or lose all my progress. Because of the very late time, I had to quite after hours of playing and have nothing to show for it. When reviewing games, I constantly talk about ""wasting the player's time"". That is the worst sin a game-designer can commit. Unfortunately, this game did that. It's wasted a significant amount of my time.At some point, I will probably pick it back up, finish the game, and change my review accordingly. For now, though, I need to take a couple months off. I don't have the time to waste, dealing with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If I am going to waste my time playing a video game, it needs to be fun, and I need to feel like I accomplished something. Neither of that was happening. Maybe the rest of the game is amazing, but that entire mission was filled with bugs and really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ design."
,Not Recommended,287700,18425330,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Personal Salami,too much filler
,Not Recommended,287700,18667045,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Karlak The Harvestor Of Souls,"I've played every single MGS game and can safely say this is the worst.Gameplay is good don't get me wrong, but the whole thing is just disappointing."
,Recommended,287700,18682890,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Tycerax,Full review:http://hackneyed.xyz/?p=498SummaryPros:+ Great story and set pieces+ Excellent pacing+ Incredibly well done stealth gameplay+ Mother Base interactionsCons:- Horrendous FOB multiplayer component- No anti-cheat- Chapter 2 feels a bit rushed- Mission variations4.5/5Recommendation:Yes. Metal Gear Solid V The Phantom Pain is one of the best games of 2015. Do not miss it.
,Recommended,287700,28542949,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,gold magikarp best magikarp,Pros:Hideo Kojima for lifeTop-notch cutscenesBoobsCons:No proper 21:9 supportWeird texture streaming issuesNo tessellation for more realistic boobs
,Not Recommended,287700,18361755,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,BioHazard,"At first I loved this game. Thought it was incredible, great open world...loved everything about it.Then I came to understand FOB's, and how all your single player work is now tied into FOB's. Your resources, staff, etc. So while you are offline, in bed sleeping you can be robbed blind. Of course you can BUY insurance to protect your stuff with real world currency.This game was unfinished on release, and quite obviously designed for the almight $$$ microtransactions. I'm sorry but if you are looking to spend alot of time in a game that you purchased for 60$, and all your personal private work can be looted by thieves, then why bother???This doesnt EVEN touch the trainers / hacks that are out there that people are using to help steal your hard earned resources. Oh yeah...let me spend some money on insurance.Last Konami product I buy."
76561198059331598,Recommended,287700,18376474,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Domochan,"This game is straight up nice, honestly i havent played much of the story all ive been doing is building a badass army for when FOB actually works. Highly reccomend this game for newbies in stealth or for people who like to waste hours on hours doing awesome gameplay."
76561198084022508,Not Recommended,287700,18461302,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,JajankenEX,"This ""GAME"" is a egregious travesty. It's like a ♥♥♥♥♥ slap to all the advid loyal fans of metal gear series there's absolutely nothing redeemable about game ""YES"" everyone saids it has the best ""GAMEPLAY"" of all metal gear game's But i disagree (still not bad tho) this game is just a unadulterated cash in on name alone But i must commend KONAMI for they're outstanding abilityto sell their♥♥♥♥♥♥and make it look like gold because they fooled everyone. And i could go into stark detail about the shortcoming's of this game but their a plenty of other negitive reviews for that and mostly after i heard that you repeat the same misson's from act 1 in act 2also that the story is♥♥♥♥♥♥i lost  any drive i had to finish this game thus the 27 hours. Just wanted to get my two cents for what it's worth have a great day. If i had to rate this game it would a 3 out of 5 not the worst game i ever played but still nothing what it could have been. I don't want to be to hard on this game because thier is some fun to be had with this game just take down your expections a lot before getting this expecialy for the story which is pretty much nonexistant and big boss like never talks which really astonished me. I was like said something plz! but no he just stares with this persistent nonchalant look on his face which honestly♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and made me laugh.UPDATE: I'm going to try to finish this game anyway mostly because i pay 60 dollars for this game so yeah I'm going to my ""triple AAA"" experience i was promised. Happy to see some people found this helpful :) have a awesome day fellow gamers."
,Recommended,287700,18703419,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Wyot,When he arrives shortly at your LZJustMGSVThings
,Recommended,287700,18756613,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Bloody Shitposting Mozgus,"A thoroughly enjoyable end to the story of Big Boss. Despite Konami's best efforts to ruin it, true fans of the series will find plenty to love throughout two expansive open world regions. Full disclosure: If you have never touched the series, especially not MGS3 or Peace Walker, a LOT of the impact of the story will be utterly lost on you. It assumes you already know about Big Boss, and that you've been waiting all these years the way people like me have for the conclusion of his saga. While I WOULD suggest picking up the Legacy collection for anyone who has a PS3, for those of you who don't have that option, there are plenty of story recaps on YT (of varying quality and accuracy). The AI may seem stupid with some of the tricks they fall for, but they do adapt. Like headshots? They'll start wearing helmets. Long-distance engagements? Decoys to make you waste ammo. Love night ops? They'll issue NVGs and flashlights. Going balls-out? They'll get superheavy armor and/or riot shields. You're going to have to adapt as you play, and the myriad of tools at your disposal means that you'll have fun testing out different loadout schemes to see what works best for you. Both main missions and side ops will keep you occupied for weeks at least, and if you're as obsessive about being the best PF you can be (like me), you'll be raiding bases and pillaging supplies to build a better base for quite a while. The freedom given to the player is staggering, and the game can be as serious or bug♥♥♥♥ insane as you like. I wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone looking for a fun, expansive, and above all, open world tactical espionage action experience."
,Recommended,287700,18866495,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Rhodesian Ranger,"A wonderful game, I have enjoyed almost 350 hours of raiding bases, looking for S rank soldiers and slicking away cold sweat on my forehead when I successfully crawl past a FOB defender and reach their core.But this game is too ambious for its own good. Its long and full of content, but yet it feels so incomplete.Chapter 2 leaves the game wide open. Every character seems to have a story that is yet unfinished. Eli, Kaz and Ocalot seem to have future events which were suppose to happen during the course of the game, but could not be implimented due to constrains. I believe in the Chapter 3, 4 and 5 myths circling the internet.Despite this, play this game. It if fantasic for what it is."
,Recommended,287700,18883216,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Supercat,I love it m9
,Recommended,287700,18889239,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,RJVan,"Every bit of the game is amazing. The gamplay and the story (sure, it's not as good as the previous ones, but the story itself is good imo. Its just the length of the game has a negative impact on the pacing. It could've been better if one or two plot lines could've been tied up a bit more.)I feel that the rumors of this game being unfinished has been greatly exaggerated, however, the ending does feel a bit abrupt, giving you the impression that it is unfinished. Cut content? All we got was a title card for Chapter 3. We have no idea what would've even been in Chapter 3, a cutscene? An epilouge? (Kinda like CH2, which is not a full blown chapter like CH1)I'm a big Metal Gear Solid fanboy, and many other fanboys have been disappointed with this game. Me? Nah. There are flaws with this game, but, they dont bother me at all, for some reason.  This may be our last MGS with Kojima (I still will play MGSs without him, soz kojima), and imo, MGS5 was a good way to end Kojima's MGS Saga. The only reason this game leaves a phantom pain behind, is because I just want more.So yes, Kojima, I riked it."
,Not Recommended,287700,19224031,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Molossus,"This game is severly lacking content.MGS 4 has an equal open world in the South America mission that is more dynamic.Though i will say, GREAT job optimizing konami runs smooth as butter."
,Not Recommended,287700,19245450,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,DarJohnSlayer,"I read write-ups that state that this game is wonderful and absolutely a masterpiece, but i cannot recommend it due to the extensive problems i have had with it crashing. I show 10 hours of gameplay and that is almost all crashes. I built a new gaming rig so that is very surprising and it I have Direct X 12, have left the controller unplugged while booting, adjusted the resolution, re-installed and rolled back video card drivers. You name it i have dont it. i removed and re-downloaded the game even. The problem is always on the boot process or right when it boots to Snake on the horse. The intro scenes, surprisingly, do not crash. I have an Intel I7 4790K, NVIDIA GTX 970, 16GB DDR3 RAM, on a MSI gaming motherboard. I wish i could play this game!"
,Not Recommended,287700,18336380,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Tekknogun,The game is fun but the story is incomplete. Not in the set up for a sequal kinda way but the we just kinda forgot and didn't finish any part of the game after the mid game climax.
,Recommended,287700,18538773,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Alex,"One of the best games ive ever played. Yes it has its flaws  but, they're overshadowed by the fun that is the rest of this master piece. V/5"
,Recommended,287700,18647567,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,shermantanker,I have never played a metal gear game before. Never bothered to follow this game in the press. Day it came out it caught my interest. I'll just try it for a bit I thought...
76561198045791126,Recommended,287700,19127469,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Tom Thrusterman,"Good game, that story tho.Pros:+ Great stealth mechanics (one of the best in gaming today)+ Great graphics+ Great optimisation+ Good controls+ One of the most awesome soundtracks lately (both original and licensed)+ A lot of mission content+ Story in comparison to other today's AAA pojects is goodCons:- The game is really repetative- There's no unconventional mission like in other MGS games (i.e. recognizing Meryl by her walk in MGS, finding a man with pacekeeper in MGS2 etc.)- Bad story pacing- FOB microtransactions- DLC Tuxedo instead of unlocked one- Story feels like a filler instead of promised in the launch trailer ""Ultimate story""Overall:1. A must buy for any MGS fan, because this one still has MGS spirit in it, despite all cons.2. Recommended buy for any stealth enthusiasts, because this one has very nice stealth mechanics3. a ""on-sale buy"" for open world enthusiasts, because it has a decent amount of open world content, even though it's a little empty"
,Recommended,287700,19208487,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,UndefinedPotato,Hours of fun! Runs smoth on ultra with my build.
76561198042369896,Recommended,287700,19875298,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Venett,Very immersive and awesome.Also fultoned a sheep 10/10
,Recommended,287700,19875652,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Flying Fortress,A Great Game defiant better than MGS V Ground ZerosPros:Buddy'sOpen WorldTons of mission and side missionsreplay abilityThe enemies adapt to you making it challengingConsConfusing Story
76561198026818819,Recommended,287700,19954295,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,GeneralGorilla,"Spent 7 tranqs taking a guy down, then pressed him into my outfit of mercs, it was good day."
,Recommended,287700,19981522,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Gårrëttisønfire,This is my favorite open world stealth action game to date. If you are a fan of the Metal Gear Solid series this is a beautiful game. It has so much content and unlockables you will be spending many hours to achieve. I would expect nothing less from a Japanese game and Hideo Kojima. Brilliant.
,Recommended,287700,19986042,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cosmo,Play as a supersoldier on his mission to amass the world's largest collection of Trojan horses.
,Recommended,287700,20081424,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Navajo Fistiscism,Best game 2012
,Recommended,287700,19051330,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,CommieDio,"You can pet a cute dog, 10/10 GOTY 2015"
,Recommended,287700,19158797,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,a1234jehad,This Game is not like any Game its More like that u saw an Action Moive ..9l10
,Not Recommended,287700,19301351,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Primary,"This would be an amazing game if it were finished and not a platform for microtransactions.There are obvious gaps left over from the firing of Kojima that will never be filled.Does your internet ever, even rarely, go out? Auto failing FOB missions and taking a 3000 point hit undoing hours of gametime would be bad enough, if not nearly understandable due to the risks of rage quitting,BUT the game stores the majority of the ingame currency you earn online:When you disconnect mid session (thank you Frontier) it drops your GMP into the deep negatives and causes your staff (in many ways the main focus of the game) to begin quitting (permanently, dungeon keeper style). Like that S++ soldier you got for beating the game? Well ♥♥♥♥ YOU! Gone now, get japanese internet ♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,287700,19312314,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Space Ho,Look at me! Look at me! The Demon inside of me has gotten this big!
,Recommended,287700,19318766,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Portly McFatter,"Great game, even for a newcomer to MGS. The story is lacking in comparison to other games in the franchise, but the gameplay is superb. Fox Engine is optimized well and everything about the game looks great. Check out Ground Zeroes if you're on the fence.Edit: After thinking some more about the game, I thought I would go into some pros and cons...+Gameplay is fantastic. Everything is smooth, responsive, and fun.-The gameplay becomes repetitive. You'll end up fultoning or extracting some random target over and over to the point where it just feels like going through the motions.+Open world allows for tackling objectives in a number of different ways with a number of different items. You really are only limited by your imagination in most of the scenarios. Like most of the older MGS games, there's a lot of fun in exploring just everything that you can do, and how the AI will react to you.-The open world is BARREN. There is NOTHING interesting to explore in either of the games 2 ""levels."" A lot of the main/side missions are simply different targets in the same locations. You'll get familiar with all the areas by the end of Chapter 1 and you will revisit them A LOT. This really drives home the repetitive nature and makes the game wear on you.+The story isn't bad, but I think fans were expecting more. I wasn't as disappointed in the story itself as much as how it was delivered.-There is nothing streamlined about the story. It is spoonfed to you in between side ops and meaningless ""go get/kill this person"" missions. Did something interesting just happen? Oh, well let's just end that scene a bit too early and have you go spend an hour in the desert to capture some moron that used to work for you or something. Ultimately, the missions (at least in the first chapter) are part of a cohesive story, but that story isn't compelling enough to make the missions interesting. Nevermind the fact that Ocelot and Kaz will bark the same repeated lines over and over again all while Quiet hums Snake grunts. Emmerich will whine a lot. Eli will sulk. These are the characters. This is what they do. This is who they are. I've got my theories about why the story was done this way, but regardless of all that, it doesn't make for an exciting narrative. All that said, it's not that the story is bad, it's just that it's FAR too strewn out to carry itself. Oh, and I didn't even mention all the time you'll spend sitting in a helicopter waiting on a chopper to arrive or depart. The chopper can't even take you to different spots on the map... *sigh*Ultimately, this game clearly has it's faults, but I still had fun playing it. As an action game, it's phenomenal. As a stealth game, it's ...ehh... the AI is still pretty oblivious at times. There is A LOT to do here though, and it's fun to do it, even if you often find yourself wondering why you are."
76561198058616841,Recommended,287700,19319910,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,M. Bison,This is my first review so pls go ez on me.So this series is my second favorite series and MGS 3 is my favorite game ever. So this game had a lot to live up to and let me tell you that it is worth every penny/euro thing that you pay for it. I littereally played this game for like one whole week and loved the hell out of the gameplay which is the best of the whole series. But there are some downsides specifically the story. In all MGS games before this one there were 10+ minute cut-scenes that were amazing but hated by some people. They took out the cut-scenes and codec calls and replaced them with shorter cut-scenes and casset tapes. This was a small gripe but I miss the long cut-scenes and really wish they were here with the casset calls. The story is also unfinished and missing a whole chapter probably because of the falling out between Konami and Kojima (director of the game) so this hurt the game a lot in leaving about a quarter of the story unresolved. But even with that the gameplay makes up for all of this and makes it very enjoyable.
76561198057309553,Recommended,287700,19320191,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mr. Bong,"Great game. Highly impressed even though it gets just a tad repetitive. I dig the music they use from the era and the storyline is fairly deep, maybe not as deep as some of the earlier titles but still pretty awesome storyline and kicks♥♥♥♥♥that you get to play as Big Boss in building Outer Haven.Graphics are great, gameplay is fairly smooth except sometimes a few obstacles which are not too clear whether or not you can climb over them.The online FOB stuff is fairly interesting and kinda plays like one of them Facebook games only more interactive because your actually playing Metal Gear Solid itself and micro managing an online mercenary base which you can infiltrate other players and steal their resources and kidnap staff members."
,Recommended,287700,19323520,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,markypoo4L,"Game is a ton of fun, there's a ton of variety so you're able to do missions a number of different ways. Although some variety in side ops would be nice. Purely from a gameplay standpoint it's a 10/10 but the story is all that feels is lacking in this game. Good stealth/action game though"
,Recommended,287700,19362548,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,iSpitzmaus,Put on infinity bandanaNow had infine ammogot big♥♥♥♥♥sniperalso got big♥♥♥♥♥rocket launcherran around and destroyed everythingaccidentally blew up my D-Dogspent 30 minutes petting him and apologizingkilled more peoplecaptured an entire camp with molotov cocktailslistened to the screams of roasted human agonyaccidentally set D-Dog on fire30 more minutes of apologizing and pettingmade a bed for an unconscious guard... out of C4he didnt like the bedD-Dog got hurt again30 more minutesfound out there is a limit to max active decoys :Ccaptured a camp with only sleep grenadesme and D-dog had several wonderful naps (including the guards)i think D-Dog really hates me now11/10 would pet again
,Recommended,287700,19369254,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,the enmity divine,"Even if you've never played any MGS game before, pick this up. This game is unbelievably fun."
,Recommended,287700,19373068,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lever Man,"Thumbs up, but by far the weakest entry in the Metal Gear Solid series."
,Not Recommended,287700,19381661,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Raptor85,"I liked the mechanics and some of the missions but man this game suffers from some really bad copy-paste of content, especially as you get later into the game most of the missions are just some simple variation of prisoner extraction or killing a tank unit, with the main mission versions throwing in a curveball like a time limit, having to ground extract, etc.  9/10 of the main missions are just slightly modified side ops.The last few missions and the post game are actually really fun, if the entire game was like these missions it would have been a far better game, invading other FOB's is also fairly fun and easily the most challenging thing in game.Onto the FOB's though, this is kinda a scumbag move by konami, there is a currency called MB coins that you get 50-70 free about every three days for logging in, which basicly gives you your first, cheap, fob for free, after that though it's nearly impossible to save up and any fob's beyond that you have to spend RL $$ to get. What sucks about this is the endgame and some of the missions are locked by your base build progression and without at least two FOB's processing fuel for you it takes an unnessisarily long time to unlock stuff.  Everything in this game builds on real world time as well, so expect later base upgrades to take upwards of 6 hours (8+ for fobs). Fob's of course can be instantly upgraded by spending, you guessed it, MB coins.  The harder missions are essentially gated by spending either spending money or a few hundred hours in game, so I cant really review those as i can't be bothered.Why did i spend 100+ hours in a game i'm giving an overall no to? I didn't, my real playtime is probably closer to 10 or 20 hours, once i found out that things built in realtime but only while in game i just made snake take a nap under a tree or hang around at mother base being forver saluted by a circle of guys while i did other things.  Time gating like this absolutely sucks in action games, this is already a $60 game and this was added entirely to milk more money by making some parts incredibly annoying without spending more, the same trick many facebook games use to play on the player's need to feel like they're progressing.Skip this until it's on sale for at least 50% off so you can spend $10 of the difference on a second fob and not need to suffer the gated slow resource grind."
,Recommended,287700,19445894,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,craizedwayz,"One of the best games released this year. Obviously missing many canon story elements, but the game as a whole is great.  Hundreds of hours well spent."
76561198134717697,Recommended,287700,19447100,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,The Glory In The Grey,This game is good I never have played on damn MGS game only this one so I ain't sure whats happening so I am a little clueless I have almost beated the game and I still have not Found the Dog you can get I the one thing so far I like in the game is Quiets♥♥♥♥♥♥but I do like the game play as well so ya I give this a thums up < not sure if I spelled thums right
76561197975951737,Not Recommended,287700,19550837,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Jack Torrance,"Incomplete game. Missions are repetitive and boring. The actual storyline kinda sucks as well. I'm a huge fan of the series but this one is such a disappointment. The only reason I dragged myself through the missions was to see the ending which was weak. People will say it's the greatest game of all time and the next year everyone will have forgotten about it. Still, I recommend picking it up if it's on sale for cheap, it's not an extremely terrible game by any means. I just can't say it's a good game. Don't buy into the hype."
,Recommended,287700,19583976,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Nansakana,"While the game may have dissapointed a lot of MGS fans, it's a marvelous piece of video game content. Yes, long gone are the giant cutscenes, crazy characters and convoluted plot twists, but the game retains huge design philosopies of previous MGS games in the feel and how the levels are thought.The gameplay is simply amazing being the best action shooter i have ever played, it's just so fun ad pleasing to invade bases and thinking strategies making you really feel like a super spy soldier. Besides the game is technically almost perfectly optimized, running great even on lower specs systems.Yeah a lot of the older MGS games where lost but this is truly without a doubt...A Hideo Kojima Game"
76561198154624125,Recommended,287700,19603732,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Alerion,"Amazing gameplay. Lackluster and underwhelming story, especially given the series past entries having amazing stories."
76561198099447365,Recommended,287700,19623651,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Youknowthatguy,"It's a great game, I really enjoy it!"
,Recommended,287700,19636457,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Luky,"Just driving my Metal Gear down here in Afghanistan, but you know what I like more than materialistic things? LANGUAGEAlthought many would whine about this game I think it's a fantastic addition to the Metal Gear Story, what it lacks in story I find more of a just enjoy yourself kind of game, of course you have to take a knee and blow Kaz 50% of the time im fine with that.-I nominated this for an Award"
76561198011343840,Recommended,287700,19663597,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,benjamingalaxy,"Absolutely brilliant.   Finally a single player game that combines great graphics, optimization, great gameplay, expansive worlds, freedom to do what you want, storyline.   Many hours of enjoyment.   5/5."
76561198145734354,Recommended,287700,19665261,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,containsgluten,I love myself even more for buying this game.
,Recommended,287700,19671995,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,RYZ-N™,"Final Vote: Story ∞/10 - Graphics ∞/10 - Gameplay and Everything else ∞/10.This game is and will always be UNDEFEATABLEI have so much I want to say about this game but I'LL make it SHORT.God, I don't know where to start... LOLTo get ready for this game, I bought a new rig (i7-4790K, 32GB ram & GTX980)... thenI pre-purchased the game, at the time I've been playing MGS GZ for about a year and I had still in mind the beautiful experience of MGS PW, after watching all the trailers and all of what was on the internet about this game, I KNEW I had to buy it.Done, bought the game, waited about 2 days cuz my net was slow then boom, started it.And yet again i say: God, I don't know where to start... LOLIs it the Graphics? is it the immersion with the game? is it the story and the characters? is it the fact that this game has been polished down to the last bit of it? is it because i haven't seen even half a glitch? is it because of the freedom you are given in the game? Whatever it is, THIS GAME IS THE GAME OF HISTORY.There is no game and there will never be a game that reaches this one, except if Kojima-Sama decides to make a new one in a few years...This game... or should I say REAL LIFE IN THE SHOES OF THE ULTIMATE SOLDIER simulator is so realistic in everything, the shooting, the physics, the land scapes, the face capturing of the characters... EVERYTHING.If you don't have you'll regret it.Saishutekini... Kojima-sama, hontoni doumo arigatou gozaimasu! orea anata ni kanshashite imasu! Tensai da anata!"
,Recommended,287700,19764202,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,brad,"Kojima's baby comes to us and is a great game. While great, it suffers from plot holes and the game being unfinished and will leave you unsatisfied storywise, at least in my case. Still worth a buy for the gameplay time and upcoming Metal Gear Online."
,Recommended,287700,19834145,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Diluted Orange Juice,"Great game but the thing that sold me was a side story about Kaz starting a Maccas knockoff and using a magical native american elder as his taste tester. The sheer fact that these serious characters go throught such radical transformations and all that blah blah blah.look its a hideo kojima game with a hideo kojima story, that includes the stupid stuff."
,Recommended,287700,19897012,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Modern Samurai,If this game was a girl i would marry her and have children with her. That's all the things i need to say about this game.
76561198044425538,Recommended,287700,19982632,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Constanze B. Albrechtsberger,7 hours in and I only have 5% done.content/content
,Recommended,287700,20038700,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TechnicallyDifficult,"The gameplay is pretty good though it would be nice if the controls were more precise, i find my character often doing things i dont really want or not doing things i want to do. Also my biggest problem right now is there is no way (that ive found) to manually save, this has lost me many side ops because ill complete like 6-7 in a row and die/kill someone on home base, or have to reset for some other reason and i lose it all. Its really annoying and should have been sorted out before release."
76561198209534201,Recommended,287700,20078847,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,XXX,Thank God I didnt pay 50$ for a demo. But the game is amazing and I think they really did something new with metal gear like they have never done before I mean the people who know what metal gear is and who have actually played all the metal gears and took the time to bear them all on extreme then they would know that this is something completley diffrent and it is it really is and again thank god it's not a demo.
,Recommended,287700,20097139,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Rogue,"I wasn't even alive during the 80s but the music gives me nostalgia.I ♥♥♥♥ing hated the intro, crawling across the floor for an hour almost had me on the uninstall button.performs ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, 60fps on my advanced potato, great environment, nice base building features (still not as good as fallout 4, why cant i build a DD outpost in the hills of afghanistan???)0/10 suppressors, i resorted to mods i dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about the realism i'm breaking even ARMA doesnt have suppressor durability.9/10 game though its like just cause but all sneaky beaky like"
,Recommended,287700,20102225,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SpudTheBlackLab,"My game of the year 2015. I'm still blown away by how much there is going on in this game, so many amazing details. Also fantastic and kind of endless upgrades on EVERYTHING. It's the game that keeps on giving, love it"
,Recommended,287700,20103491,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,remy the rat,"Metal Gear Solid V is hard to review. In terms of gameplay, it is one of the best, if not the best game I have ever played. It handles like a dream. Many people have pointed out that the open world is very empty, and I agree completely with that, but the sheer freedom that it allows makes up for the barrenness of the landscape. Also as many people have pointed out, the story is lacking in comparison to the other metal gear games. This was my first metal gear, so it didn't really matter much during my playthrough, but I liked it so much I decided to get some earlier games, and as I learned more about the series, MGS V's incompleteness became clearer. I highly enjoyed my time playing it, but it really is a half finished game (granted it is a huge half, expect 50+ hours). With Kojima departed from Konami, I doubt I will ever get that sweet closure, and that sucks. But with all that said, I still love this game to pieces."
,Not Recommended,287700,20107931,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MistahHamehs,"REEEAAALLY WISH THERE WAS A ""MIXED FEELINGS"" RECOMMENDATION OPTION HERE...Once again, Konami has ruined another video game franchise. They held some 40-hour boot camp event for reviewers to play the game so they can get a first impression.FIRST IMPRESSION, meaning no one got far enough to see the absolute mess of a story there was which was apparent after 100 hours playing as a consumer playing the game and seeing the messy ""Chapter 2"" they had.In termsof gameplay, it's really good and realistic like always, but then you realise doesn't have ENOUGH for once you've beome really good at the game. Fortunately, there's a small modding community around, and I've been squeezing out what little fun I can have with this game left with the ""Infinite Heaven"" mod.Godspeed Mr. Kojima, I pray your creativity reaches new heights with your new studio, and #♥♥♥♥onami"
,Recommended,287700,20109863,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Small Man,>Is sent to eliminate very deadly soldier>sneaks around entire outpost and stealthily kills all of the people there except for the target>sneak up to target who is now paranoid because he has realised all of his comades are dead>Throw out balloon decoy Venom Snake>He is distracted>Hit him with tranq dart>he goes into a deep sleep>Ocelot tells me that he needs to be eliminated>Attach sleepy target to fulton remover>Abduct him and raise him into my own army>Hes a top tier soldier>He complys to every command I give him and thanks me for punching himgoty 11/10
76561198025311169,Recommended,287700,20131984,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,GamefreQ,"The game wasn't finished, the last level was omitted,  leaving a gap in the story. I don't care. I played this game in 4k 30fps and it was beautiful every step of the way. And it was fun."
,Recommended,287700,20139907,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,RECON,"PROS:- Good gameplay- Good story- Darker and more realistic (in metal gear standards) than its predecessors- Extremely well optimized for an open world game- Fighting giant machines with machine guns, missiles, and other weapons of death, made easier and more realistic by being able to use tanks and armored vehicles- Doge companion (enough said)- Dynamic open world- Gives players the ability to unleash their sadistic tendencies on their in-game subordinates and be thanked for it (enemies may respond differently or not at all)CONS:- Finishing the game multiple times and deleting it may result to phantom pain"
76561197964957155,Recommended,287700,20162189,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,GaGrin,Pretty good
,Recommended,287700,20242456,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dad,Easily the best game of 2015. I was trying to think of something funny and witty as I did for my Dark Souls review but I honestly can't think of anything funny. Okay so the story is patchy and there are some questionable scenes (SKULL FACE'S 4WD SCENE). But the depth and level of freedom and the fact that you are so attached to 'your Snake' and like just the way the game feels all together. Easily te least story driven MGS but the most diverse in gameplay. And all the cucks making comparison to PW. PW DOESN'T EVEN LET YOU STRAY OVER LIKE A TREE. IT ALSO LOADS EVERY BIT OF THE LEVEL.A complete and utterly unironic 10/10 I would reccomend Konami to kee- Oh wait. I would reccomend Sony to keep making games like this in the future.!
,Recommended,287700,20341763,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Richie,Optimization 10/10
,Recommended,287700,19275363,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Zaberius,"Genre(s): Sci-Fi, Stealth, 3rd Person Shooter, Open WorldAlthough the narrative is a massively dissapointing mess, and the multiplayer is fairly mediocre, the extremely satisfying singleplayer gameplay makes up for it. One of the very few games that actually feels like a next gen experience.9/10"
,Recommended,287700,19275420,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Darkside5,Love the game. A game hasn't hooked me like this in a while.
76561198064263254,Recommended,287700,19436725,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Larsærn,"Best stealth game to date. Took me about 160 hours to complete the game 100%. The gameplay, graphics and optimization is perfect, story falls short though. You can clearly tell that content from the story is cut.Buy this game if you enjoy stealth, it's very rewarding to sneak trough outposts and silently take out enemies."
76561198141914447,Recommended,287700,19448645,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,TheFuryBlade,nice game i played very happye
76561198017733210,Recommended,287700,19461183,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,A_perry,very good
,Recommended,287700,19518482,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,The Boy Wonder,Its pretty good
76561198095037404,Recommended,287700,19520688,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Psycomic,"Nothing says gritty revenge war story like fighting a scary ghost child, Mechagodzilla, and a burn victim wearing a domino mask so i can spend hundrends of laundered war funds to sedate sheep and  bears to air lift them.airborne bears and sleepy sheepies/ 10"
,Recommended,287700,19527167,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Arch_Mage,"gotta be the best game i've ever played. immersive, clever, brilliant."
76561198092978586,Not Recommended,287700,19531214,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,JamesL,"Honest Review7/10Short summary: Incredible stealth/ infiltration military solo game.  TERRIBLE Metal Gear Solid GamePros:Great graphicsGreat Stealth mechanicsLots of custimizationBase/personnel management - if you're into itMultiple routes to the same objectiveCons:Bad narrative  - almost no in-game plot points. Only plot develolpment found in audio tapesNo Cutscenes - Did you watch the trailer ? You saw 98% of all cutscenes in the gamePlot twist -Open world? - Dead world.  Two large maps with no elements beyond bases with enemies. Afghanistan is ""large"" in that it has a lot of space inbetwen bases with corridor paths. No climbing over mountains. This results in lots of busy work (15 minutes running/travelling)Busy work - New weapons take real time to develop; Travelling from objectives turn 30 minute missions into 75 minute missions;  Repeated mission objectives that don't move story forward.Missions:  Boring and repetitive:  1.) Rescue prisoner from same base in same location 2.) destroy vehicle unit 3.) take intel from same base in same locationMGS complaints: characters act differently and out of norms.Big Boss' character changeNo storylineNo resolutionCut content : Its very clear game ran out of money. Abrupt endingFinal thoughtS;  Am i glad I played it? Sure.   Would I pay 60 for it again? No.  If you like Big Boss and MGS world then I do not recommend the game (hence the high score and low recommendation).  If you want a non story military espionage game then I'd say to pick it up on discount.Ground Zeroes had a much bigger story than this game."
76561197998401148,Recommended,287700,19661915,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Big Boss,Amazing. I had a blast playing through this
,Recommended,287700,19666373,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,RedWormCharlie,"The story mode is really good. The story itself is kind of dumb and confusing until you find the hidden final mission to see the real ending which ties all the Metal Gears together.The online FOB mode is all screwed up. Raiding Oil rig type bases becomes really stupid.The game play in story mode is just amazing, I love every aspect of it. I can only hope for some really cool DLC add ons that give as much of expansive space as two locations in game.The game is worth the money, if it ever goes on sale, grab it, you'll totallyu ejoy the play through."
,Recommended,287700,19676151,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Mr._Toggle,"This game is so much fun, because the game is an action packed thrill ride, with every part of gameplay beign explosion fun, or being excited by the compeling story"
,Recommended,287700,19877511,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,G-Man,"Metal Gear solid V is not disapointing at all...this game takes what was already an amazing genre of game to the next level of fun. The Customizations are outstanding, tons of vehicles and weapons at your disposal. Story line is fantastic...as usual some very not so human terrorist with mystical powers. Lots of hidden items to locate and collect. Over-all this game will not disapoint you if you are a fan or even not a fan of the metal gear series. 10/10 perfect game...I have passed all previous games before this im a solid fan.Oh yeah and p.s. Who doesn't like Giant robots and big breasted snipers...Buy It!"
76561198006917462,Recommended,287700,19890129,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Renegade,sNaKEEE!!
,Recommended,287700,19970782,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Renley,"Take everything you loved about Far Cry 2, then take everything you loved about Sniper Elite 3, then take the fact that Metal gear is one of the best franchises in gaming history; put all of them together.  A game to end all games.  Stop reading and buy this!"
76561197960575360,Recommended,287700,19974810,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Stinger,"I really , really enjoyed this game.  I didn't care much for the earlier MGS games and I'm more about mechanics than story in games but this game totally delivered. The minute to minute gameplay and the unlocking loop was great. I even enjoyed the multiplayer part where you invade other peoples bases.   The story is a bit over the top and some of the characters are kind of rediculous but overall this game is one of my favourites this year.  Tactical, always interesting and above all fun.   Go get it guys. I would really like them to make a similar sequel."
76561198214148749,Recommended,287700,19976517,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Vamp,"One of the greatest open world games, great story and awesome game play.You can do a lot of cool new things the we - MGS fans - couldn't do before.It also has an amazing support, the team keep adding new stuff to the game.I highly recommende playing this game. You wouldn't get lost in the story in other words you don't have to play the previous games to understand this one.I also recommend playing all the Metal Gear games, Metal Gear Solid is my Star Wars."
,Recommended,287700,20099086,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Name.exe,"Most of the game: This is a really good game, well done guysWhen you hit mission 46: ""Hello my name is Big Boss, and welcome to mindf*ck"""
,Recommended,287700,19318871,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Adamaeus,"It's been a running joke in the Metal Gear series that every MGS title is Kojima's ""last"" entry in the series--but in this case, it is, sadly, true. So, how was his final outing with Snake?In a word: magnificent. The game is not without its flaws--one of which is absolutely unforgivable, and I'll get to that eventually--but from a purely mechanical perspective, the gameplay is the best that the Metal Gear Solid series has ever seen. The controls are fluid on PC, and the sheer arsenal you can equip as the game progresses permits you to play exactly how you like. Do you like total stealth? You can do that. Do you prefer going in guns blazing? You can do that. This is a game which caters to your play style.VISUALS: Kojima Studios has worked wonders with the FOX engine: every character is detailed, the environments are sharp, expansive, and once you're in the map, there are no loading screens. This is a gigantic sandbox to play in, and all of it lovingly rendered with very high visual fidelity.GAMEPLAY: The controls are fluid, and Snake has never moved more gracefully. Weapons have a predictable and satisfying responsiveness: sniper rifles are accurate, and shotguns can clear rooms. Want to go non-lethal? You always have that option available. There's a lot of new equipment, too, such as sleep grenades to pacify large numbers of enemies at once. Once you develop your Mother Base into a real military powerhouse, you can even call in bombardments of standard ordnance or specialized rounds--hell, at one point, you can even change the weather to suit your needs.SOUND/MUSIC: After the ""cinematic"" experience of Metal Gear Solid 4, MGSV seems almost silent. There isn't a whole lot of dialogue, but what there is, is done very well. Robin Atkin Downes is brilliant as Miller, Christopher Randolph is satisfyingly wimpish as Huey, Troy Baker is...Ocelot... and of course, there's Snake, voiced this time around by Kiefer Sutherland. It's strange at first, hearing a voice other than David Hayter's gravelly rasp coming out of Snake's mouth, but Sutherland does a decent job here. Stefanie Joosten's work, little though there is, is good. There's so little dialogue from Snake in this game that it's kind of difficult to say Hayter would have been much use.The music in the game is used to good effect with the gameplay: a sudden, ominous change in tone indicates the presence of nearby enemies, for example, and you can even play certain tapes to induce certain effects: One tape might put an enemy to sleep, another might make them call off a search, for example.STORY: As ridiculous as Metal Gear Solid ever gets, really. It's a moral play in a warzone with an interesting cast of characters. I can't say much without spoiling anything, so here's the gist of it: after a decade-long coma, Big Boss has reawakened and intends to build Mother Base back to its former strength and get vengeance on the man who ruined them the first time. Ruses abound. I mean, we're talking Inception-level trickery here. Kojima at his best.CAVEAT: The game is not finished. The very final mission, as revealed through bonus content included with the PS4 edition of the game, shows us that this was a rush-job. The final intended mission intended to force the player to use all the resources they had accumulated in a concentrated effort to eliminate the final boss--the titular Metal Gear, Sahelanthropus. The omission of what was clearly going to be the series high-mark for boss battles is simply unforgivable, although this is more of a Konami error than a Kojima Productions failure.OVERALL: If you like the Metal Gear Solid series, you will absolutely love MGSV. If you like the freedom of exploration and a wide array of tactics of, say, Deus Ex, or Thief, or Styx: Master of Shadows, then you'll almost certainly enjoy it. This is a well-made, if unfinished, title. The multiplayer component is unavailable for PC as I write, but what I've seen on console suggests that it's decent.9 out of 10"
76561197962660651,Recommended,287700,19319650,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Kurylo3D,"Great game,..... that was unforunately never finished due to corporate konami bumping heads with kojima... at least thats the rumor... But yea... unfinished."
,Recommended,287700,19326205,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,NakedFable,"Absolutely one of my top 10 favorite games.  I played the originial Metal Gear in the 80's and disliked it.  I played Metal Gear Solid on one of the Playstations and didn't get into it, but thought it was way better.  After hearing about people raving about Ground Zeroes, and going complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ about this game, I literally bought it on a whim.HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥  230 hours later...I'm thinking about replaying the whole thing...AGAIN!"
,Recommended,287700,19503095,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Megiddo,Perfect game. It ran smooth the whole time. Can't wait for the online battles in January.
76561197978001315,Recommended,287700,19866812,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,"Hulkster, no jabronis in my kliq",Donald Trump is the real leader of cipher.
,Recommended,287700,20000686,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Almighty Kek,Definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a good cardboard box simulator.Easy 10
76561198077796225,Recommended,287700,20141115,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,LucidMemer,this is great game yo i love it. stealth and stuff. we talking about just cause 3 right? lol jk.
,Recommended,287700,20110777,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,people who report rdm like men,"The first chapter of this game is really, really, really good. If you ignore the little teaser for the second chapter, and pretend the second chapter isn't in the game at all you have a very good game. But Konami just had to tease us with half of a chapter, with about 6 new mission and around 15 RE-USED MISSIONS. You heard that right, they re-used and up'd the difficulty on a few missions and tried to pass them off to make it seem like there are more missions in the second chapter. Besides that, the multiplayer is fun, the customization is fun, the new take on a metal gear game being open world really worked out well, because you have 1,001 different ways to do things now. Go in guns blazing, or pull a classic Snake in your cardboard box holding up enemies from behind with a water pistol. I can recommend this game, if you ignore chapter two. 7/10"
,Recommended,287700,20142108,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,PythonArms,"I have been trying to find a way to satisfy my craving for Metal Gear since I first played Metal Gear Solid on the original playstation. THIS game has done exactly that. And even though I've finished all the missions, I'm still loving infiltrating other player's FOBs and still trying to finish all the side missions. Definitely a game worth buying."
,Recommended,287700,20167532,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Impoxdragon,"Yes, I recommend this game.  I've gotten so much out of the game and more because of the small references to the previous games.Story-wise, it's short (a little shorter than PW's main story) but just as engaging and I definitely wish they had finished Mission 51.FOBs are a fun way to gain resources, rewards and staff but I'd put off building the FOB until you get a good amount of developments done and high-ranking staff so you can deter any would-be invaders from taking your hard-earned staff and resources.The DLC is alright but it really isn't worth it in the long run.  The Sneaking Suits are great for starting out if you haven't uploaded your Ground Zeroes save for the staff and Sneaking Suit or for reliving MGS3.And yes, EVA's suit DOES give a tactical advantage when unzipped (longer reflex time) but loses the camouflage when it's zipped."
,Recommended,287700,20305966,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Khaos,"I find myself not able to write a review for this game...atleast a funny oneSo, i'll just make a serious one...Pros:D-Dog.Customization of just about everything.HUGE Storyline with around50 episodes (ROUGHLY).Avatars... 'nuff said.Tons of guns, variants of guns, and equipment for all of your Buddies/Helicopter/yourselfGraphics are amazingCons:As with all (from what i've seen) English translated Japanese games, the voiceacting is decent at best.FOBs can be frustrating (Though i like it).Mother Base is a bit too big (Don't know if this is a con or pro, but to me it's kind of annoying having to use the Heli which is slow at traveling and the C. Box because it gives you a loading wall before you can get to your destination.Overall 9/10. GOTY Contender for sure!"
76561198009195791,Recommended,287700,20341957,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Art Vandelay,A+++. The Best game in 2015.
,Recommended,287700,20370091,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,The Bubblegum Squirts,"game is cool, needs more♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,287700,20435646,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,PunchAChild,i failed 4 exams for this
,Recommended,287700,20962839,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,OneOfThoseDays,28 Solid Years For MGS. A beautiful game and a masterpiece at that.A Hideo Kojima Game.
,Recommended,287700,20997248,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Jandar,"ENGLISH ;""Done by Kojima""""Made by Kojima""""Directed by Kojima""""♥♥♥♥ed by Konami""Well , there is nothing really I can say about this game. I really liked MGS series but I have never been able to reach PlayStation so I couldn't really play the series as much as I want.But suddenly I have heard that GZ and Phantom Pain will be released to PC. I was wet already.Yeah , I can agree that at some point story feels empty (towards the end) but still this game is a masterpiece. True competitor to Witcher 3 (GOTY Thing)Let me clarify the game for those who like pros/cons thing.Pros;+Open-World+Great Gameplay.+Amazing detail levels.+PC Port and Optimization are almost perfect.+Great soundtracks. Especially ( Phantom Pain and The Man Who Sold The World )+So many ""WTF was that"" moments.+Animations made well.+D-Dog.+D-Dog with stun.+Did I mention D-Dog?Cons;-Chapter 2 sucks.-Plot twist sucks.-Few minor bugs-FOBs feels empty.-Climbing is imperfect.Still though I played this game for 100 hours in 2 weeks. I skipped university , didn't go my classes , abandoned my friends and trust I would dump my GF if I had one lol.TÜRKÇE ;Hayatımda yaşadığım en iyi tecrübelerden birisiydi. 2 haftada 100 saat oynamam sanırım bunun kanıtıdır. Özellikle bu oyunun bir single-player yani tek oyunculu oyun olduğunu göze alırsak.Oyuna gelecek olursak ;Kesinlikle oynanış ile hikayeyi ayrı tutmak gerekiyor. Çünkü MGS serisini bilmiyorsanız bu oyunda çok fazla ""bu ne demek şimdi? / Ne alaka lan , Bu kim amk"" tarzı tepkiler vermemeniz işten bile değil. Benim size tavsiyem güzel bir YouTube videosuyla hikayeyi en azından kavramanız ve ön hazırlık yapmanız.Oyunu kısaca artı ve eksilerle özetleyecek olursak ;+Oynanış / Silah seçenekleri / vuruş hissi / Özgürlük ve açık dünya+Detay seviyeleri çok yüksek örneğin ;Görevler arası üsse dönüp duş almazsanız bir süre sonra karşı tarafın askerleri kötü kokunuzdan şüphelenebiliyor.+Optimizasyon ve Port çok iyi. Gerçekten PC için çıkarılmış hissi yaratmıyor değil.+Steam sabit kurunda olduğu için fiyatı kabul edilebilir düzeyde. 179'luklara duyurulur.+Animasyonlar çok kaliteli kesinlikle sırıtmıyor çoğu zaman.+Çok fazla ""vay amk"" dediğim yerler oldu.+Oyun müzikleri efsane.Eksilere gelecek olursak ;-Hikaye sonu Kojima ve Konami anlaşmazlığı yüzünden olmamış.-Bazı yerler çok eksik-Adam gibi tırmanamama çok büyük bir eksik.-Ana üs çok boş ve gereksiz hissettiriyor. Motherbase'de çok fazla yapılabilecek bir şey yok maalesef.Aslında bu oyuna sırf yorum yazmak için yorum yazıyorum. Çünkü bu kadar keyif aldığım bir oyuna yorum yapmamam haksızlık olurdu.İyi eğlenceler :)"
76561198056216388,Recommended,287700,20152923,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,patapole,Good game. Not recommended
,Recommended,287700,20193537,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,.Sn4ke 天 [Ryzen][Gigabyte],"I can only say that it has great gameplay, the AI of the enemy soldiers is tough, excellent sound and music. It lacks a bit in depth of the story, but it's a good one alright. The motherbase feature is great, intuitive and it adds tons of gameplay hours. Being able to setup your own base and infiltrate other users base it's also really fun.9/10"
,Recommended,287700,20195867,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,The Enabler of Ballin Behavior,"Great game albeit unfinished.While I wasn't initially that impressed by the open world of MGS V going back to other big open world action games like GTA V showed just how far ahead this games design was.Also one of the best looking games out there, with an amazing port to boot"
,Recommended,287700,20235204,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sebi,"Why are you reading reviews? You should be in ""my cart"" section on Steam and purchasing the game..."
,Recommended,287700,20269843,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[!?] drbutterscotch49,"Amazing game, even if you've never played any other MGS game, you can really get into this one."
,Recommended,287700,20275028,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ScotchRobbins,"I haven't played a game that I enjoyed quite so thoroughly several years. Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is a great many different things. Some have called it clumsy, needlessly long, repetitive, and weak in story. Others have called it well constructed, flexible, beautiful, and some have even dubbed it a fitting end for the Metal Gear series. I cannot contend on the last points in either the positives or the negatives as this is the first Metal Gear Solid game that I've had the chance to nearly complete. I cannot speak for everyone, but at least in my own experience, Metal Gear Solid V is easily worth the price of entry and is my favorite release of 2015.- NEGATIVES:I could blather on all day about the pros of this title, so to ensure that I do not glaze over or forget the cons, I will begin with them, as this game definitely has a few. The controls are occasionally clumsy on PC and Snake isn't particularly agile to control. His movement feels sloppy and awkward at times and you will regularly find yourself sliding down inclines that don't look unreasonable to traverse. I may not be familiar with the entire Metal Gear Solid storyline, but I feel like the climax came a bit early for the amount of material that remained, leaving the concluding act feeling a little weak. The game's difficulty curve changes from too lenient to unforgiving very quickly; if you haven't been detected, between your arsenal and the new addition of Reflex Mode (which slows time briefly, allowing you to correct your error if you have been detected by an enemy), the game can almost feel too easy at times, with most enemies posing little challenge, especially later into the first chapter. If you've already taken damage, however, the odds shift wildly against your favor, as you will often be ganged up on and often attacked in rapid succession, the strikes landing while you are still stunned from the one prior, leaving you KO'd. In addition, ""serious injuries"" feel almost completely gimmicky to me in that they handicap you severely while you have one and finding adequate cover to treat it is very difficult, but you have no lasting effects of any sort once you've treated your wound. Oh, and Quiet's character design kind of feels like a cheesy attempt at sex appeal, but that's just me.- POSITIVES:I could hardly argue that the game's cons outweigh its pros, however. To start, the game is surprisingly well optimized. Unlike many of the other releases this year (including Arkham Knight and Fallout 4, to point fingers), MGSV has very few bugs, looks very sharp, and runs like the Jamaican Olympic Track Team. I enjoyed the plotline even as a relative outsider to the story (although I advise doing at least a little research before jumping in, it will help) and found my jaw dropping more than once. It isn't the most consistently enthralling story I've played through, but it opens very dark and it does not pull punches when the time comes for things to get more intense. The voice acting performances were admirable and I felt convicted and convinced throughout. The real draw above all here is the gameplay. The content is plentiful, yes, but what kept it feeling fresh is knowing I could approach most missions however I wanted to so long as I accomplished my goal. Did I want to rescue my hostage by dashing in with guns ablaze and killing everyone in sight? I could do that. Did I want to pick all of the guards off from far away with a sniper rifle instead? I could do that. Would I rather call in air support and have Pequod clean up the mess? That's certainly an option. Would I sneak through the base and interrogate/assassinate the guards until I've found my target? I certainly could. Could I sneak in and completely avoid detection while extracting my target in true Big Boss fashion? If my heart so desired. The sheer amount of options you have in dealing in an expansive open world is what makes the gameplay feel good, which is a blessing considering that the game has 40+ original story missions and 150 side ops. I'm not even going to get into the whole FOB thing, that's worth another paragraph in itself.OVERALL:It's not perfect, but it's really good. I'm pretty sure Konami got rid of Kojima because he gave them all staggering inferiority complexes; this game is Hideo Kojima's baby and I encourage you very strongly to pick Metal Gear Solid back up for one last ride.9/10"
,Recommended,287700,20275080,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Icarus,"Amazing Game! Never seen a game optimized as well as this it runs increadibly smooth, not giving your CPU or GPU a beating whilst still being one of the best looking games i have played to date.Bit of a crazy storyline but to be expected with the Metal Gear Solid Games however it still has a strong story with it along with a some excellent cutscenes such as the first one in the prologue it may seem long but its worth the sit through at the start of the game and fills in some of the blanks for people who are new to the series.The open world setting in the rocky and weird landscape of Afganistan is well put together and really does leave you with huge amounts of tactical decisions to make when embarking on every mission.Will he see me ? , Will any other guards see me? Could i interrogate him to find out where the other guards are? Is it worth the Ammunition? Whats my escape plan? Where can the Heli land for extraction?I would strongly reccomend this game! Reminds me alot of a more open ended splintercell with larger areas than i remember in previous Metal Gear Solid Games.Plus the added bonus of hunting sheep and attaching balloons to them to make the fly into the sky and be sent back to your base. Just run round and save animals if you really want to from the Russian Para and Spetznaz forces if you really wish.Enjoy the game :)"
,Recommended,287700,20277396,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,jungol,"im a total mgs fanboi. i know it's a ridiculous game, but it's ridiculously good~! best game of 2015, too"
,Recommended,287700,20278847,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TetrahedronJBooF,"Do you like stealth?Do you like open world gameplay?Do you like sheep?Do you like headshots that put people to sleep?If you havent played this game yet then you are seriously missing out, the gameplay is top notch. The story may not be as in depth as older Metal Gear stories, but all in all this game is truly a masterpiece. What other game can you ride a horse, tie a balloon to a sheep, put people to sleep with tranq guns and get a bad♥♥♥♥♥semi-naked ♥♥♥♥♥ as your sniper back up?Just get the game already10/10"
,Recommended,287700,20290772,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SheikYerbouti,"Speaking as someone who hasn't played a Metal Gear game since PS2 and knew virtually nothing about the plotline going in, I enjoyed the hell out of this game.  For me, it's all about the gameplay and this has a lot of it to enjoy.I could see the argument that the game may feel repetitive to some.  I spent a good portion of the game completing side ops that were not really much different from each other.  Find your plan of attack (be it stealth, guns blazing or a combination of both), get in there and rescue the hostage/extract the skilled soldier/etc etc.  But it never became stale for me, I enjoyed constantly revising the way I infilitrated as I developed new gear and learned from my mistakes. And, of course, the main missions have a little more meat to them and are also very enjoyable.I mean, the game threw me a damn birthday party, what more can you ask for?"
76561198140376147,Recommended,287700,20297783,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,{C.C.C.} Drops Combos,10/10 will watch a guy get hit by a car again then roll in the sand
,Recommended,287700,20311201,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,arcanum.zero,"Gods, I could talk for days about how much I resent loving Metal Gear Solid 5, how glad I am that Kojima won't be making another one, and how excited I am about the prospect of a MGS6 without him at the helm, but I will spare you.  Cutting to the chase: MGS5 is the best stealth action game on the market, and it is worth full price, but there are several caveats:- About halfway through the game it adds a pretty robust management sim.  Great if you like management sims (and I do), not so great if you were hoping to spend all of your time playing an uninterrupted stealth action game.  The sim walls off upgrades that affect the stealth action part of the game, so engaging it is not what I would call optional.- After completing the stealth action part of the game, the sim becomes tedious quickly, because its most important timers are based on the in-game clock, not real time.  Part of the reason I have so many hours logged is because I would just let it run while I was at work to try to make some progress.  Note that you cannot boot the game and Alt+Tab out to do something else; Alt+Tabbing pauses the game and the timers.- One of these important timers is the one that manages the diminishing returns on repeatable campaign missions.  The missions are your best source of in-game currency, and being unable to repeat them for full rewards makes late-game unlockable progression extremely tedious.- The Metal Gear Solid story continues to be insane.  Ridiculous characters are thrust into even more ridiculous situations, and nothing in the plot follows logically.  Magic is now so commonplace in the setting that Kojima apparently no longer even feels the need to handwave it as pseudoscience.  The game does a great job of sustaining tension throughout, but it never resolves.  You may have heard that the story is incomplete -- it is, but it is important to note that this does not matter.  Completing this story would not have saved it from itself.  Play this one for the gameplay, not the story.- The game uses an algorithm that analyzes your playstyle and reacts accordingly, making it harder to play the game the way you prefer to play.  This would make sense for, say, a combat training simulator, but as this is a game, the result is pretty frustrating after a point.   If you like non-lethal sniping, you will eventually reach a level in the game where every enemy is wearing a helmet and a riot suit, even when you complete the management sim objectives necessary to cut off helmet and riot suit supply lines.  Challenge is all well and good, but how about letting me play the game I bought the way I want to play it?- The open world does nothing to improve the gameplay.  Stealth action is by its nature linear -- get from Point A to Point B, achieve Objective C, and extract at Point D, all without being detected.  There is not a single mission in the game that is not made easier by the player's ability to approach Point B from any Point A they choose.  Those few missions in the game that are genuinely challenging are challenging largely because the game removes this choice, rendering the open world irrelevant.  This game is not Grand Theft Auto or Saints Row -- it is not a dynamic environment.  It is two handfuls of heavily-defended mission locations separated by vast tracts of beautiful but completely empty wilderness.- If you accept the game's ToS, it becomes always-online and your base is under constant threat of auto-opt-in PvP resource theft.  In my experience, if you don't increase your PvP rating by stealing other players' resources, you can generally avoid being raided, because you will stay in a lower bracket where no one is raiding.  This is no guarantee, however.  You can refuse the ToS, but once you accept them you cannot rescind your acceptance, so it is important to know this going in.-Cheating is rampant, even in the automated sim league, which is sort of like fantasy football with private military corporations.  Who cheats at fantasy football?  These guys.In short, the gameplay is excellent but Kojima's bizarre design decisions cast long shadows, just like they always do.  If you know what you're getting into from the start, and it sounds like it might be worth a shot, I say spend the $60."
76561198058275073,Recommended,287700,20314830,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,GRUB HUBBARD,This is a serious game about war.  It is a tale about the darkest depths of the human soul.  It is a story of deeply damaged characters struggling to retain what's left of their humanity.  It is also a game where you tie sheep to balloons and your best friend is a dog with a knife in it's mouth.Runs like a damn champion to boot.
,Recommended,287700,20339034,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,"MOIST, Paul","A thoroughly enjoyable gameplay almost ruined by sheer absence of storyline. Still worth it, though sometimes repetitive."
,Recommended,287700,20342176,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,berni.v.d.b,"My first foray into the Metal Gear universe was with Guns of the Patriots on my friend's PS3 a number of years ago. I will never forget the sensation of at the time of how awesome I felt playing as Snake for the first time. The story was phenomenal and each ""chapter"" was beautifully punctuated by diverse and challenging boss fights. There was no grind; nothing felt unnecessary just pure wonderful fun. Guns of the Patriots and Dragon Age: Origins are my two 10/10 games to this day.I was hugely excited for MGSV and it sure did not disappoint. The opening sequence had me riveted and the first look at the graphics had my mouth watering. The game looks and plays excellently. I hesitate to say that the on sale price is worth it just for the opening sequence. It is that good.From there on the huge open world invited me to explore and the harsh beauty of Afghanistan and the wet jungle of Angola were always a joy to ride, drive, run, crawl or fly through. Kojima presents us with a near endless amount of options for completing each mission. Some missions were easy others had me so sweaty I had to pause and dry my hands. And, later on in the game, some missions hit me on an emotional level far deeper than most games.Upon finishing all the missions and many side-ops I can conclude that Kojima has created that most rare art, something which completely transcends its medium, be it a game, a book, a sculpture or any other art form. This game more so than any other I have played places the character in the game and plays upon your actions and beliefs. It delivers commentary on the gaming industry and on you as a gamer. It provides subtle hints throughout as to what is really going on and only the most astute player will be able to pull the many threads of this sprawling, intricate story together.This game is probably not for everyone. However, for me, I took a good look at myself afterwards and asked myself the questions MGSV raised. If you play this to have fun I think you will. But if you sit down and truly examine the masterpiece you have been exposed to, you will see things slightly differently.As a game: 9/10As an intellectual work of art: 10/10"
76561198082478233,Recommended,287700,20352689,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Hiffru,For me the best game realeased in 2015 why?  great story and a long story. more than enough side ops. great customastion of weapons and items. the buddy system works great. and as last a amazing open world.for me its was a 10/10
,Recommended,287700,20376034,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Beatrate mistrz,"V has come toV has come toV HAS COME TOThe last entry in a renowned series with a huge legacy finally arrives and fully delivers in all its beauty. We've got Snake, we've got open world, a plethora of weapons and gadgets, all this forms an a perfect action-packed game, where YOU decide how to complete the mission.Bullet points:The devs aimed to create a seamless world well suited for a wide variety of tactical ops and succeded, although additional activities such as SIDE OPS are a bit lackingWith your personal R&D team you're free to expand your arsenal as you wish, you can add variety to your playthrough with non-lethal shotguns, sleeping gas bombs and mines, sniper rifles etc.Another key element of gamplay is BUDDY system, you can take 1 buddy with you: a wolf, a sniper or a walking killing machine that is bipedal walking robot with customizable guns. Also there is a horse somewhere, but I haven' really used it since I unlocked walking speed enhancements.As usual for  Metal Gear series, the story flow constantly keeps you engaged, and a couple of twists may or may not surprise you at the end.Overall, it's a solid game (no pun intended), well worth its price and your time."
,Recommended,287700,20403677,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,msn bond,Great game i like it
,Recommended,287700,20483838,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,seasoss,Bloody amazing
76561198086055600,Recommended,287700,20499488,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,PuSSy_MasTer,"Haidaraaaaa  -> Extract ,  Haidaraaaaa -> Extract"
,Recommended,287700,20502978,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,shounenhero,who
,Recommended,287700,20514821,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Easy Pete,"For what is there, it's amazing. The gameplay is next to perfect, and it is more than fun. But unfortunately the dispute between Hideo Kojima and Konami caused HUGE chunks of the second half of the game to be missing. The story is lacking at least in comparison to other Metal Gear games, there's really not much. Even with these huge issues, it is still one of my favorite games, but don't expect the story to be complete."
76561198104647270,Recommended,287700,20605699,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Anime Bus Driver,I have spent way to much of my life playing this.
76561198017067025,Recommended,287700,20668302,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,El glandu,"Well, I am surprised by this new MGS more and more day after day.At the beginning I was a bit sceptical on the open world MGS. I was fearing it would be a pale copy of any open world game, having to do the same random quest over and over.Well first of all main story is as crazy as it can get in any MGS.Then you get the secondary missions which are sometimes similar to one another but the fact that you can choose on how to deal with the situation makes it new each time. Brutal force, infiltration, etc... Also the weather and day/night cycle can also change everything.Then after a few hours playing solo you begin to touch the heart and pure pleasure of this game, the multi.Not speaking about MGS online which is brand new so not yet an opinion on it but let's face it, the fact that you have to defend your FOB from time to time, the fact you can attack other players FOB, it's clearly a new approach and quite convincing. Then you add to this the sort of championship organized between SMP of all players which is another way of revewing the interest in this game as your solo and multi plays helps you to progress and manage this last part.Of course they are some stuff sometimes a bit frustrating or unliked but in overall it's a very very good game. It's been 82 hours i am playing having done i think just half of main story, a third of the secondary missions, some hours invading others FOB etc... and i am only at 41% of completing the game.So you add the fact that unlike CallOfDuty were you play 10 solo hours and then same multi over and over, here you get a very long good game worth the money if you like the MGS universe.Now if you add a multi MGS Online, well you get more extra hours of fun."
76561198123970336,Recommended,287700,20732997,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Cornelius Praetorius,"Took 45 minutes to stand up.Took about 65-70 minutes to leave hospital.After 88 minutes of inexplicable cutscenes andcrawling around slowly, in the decidedly leaststealthy intro of any ""stealth"" game ive played, youmight finally begin the actual game, which I have not seen yet.I have never played any of the Metal Gear series, although I'vebeaten every Splinter Cell since Pandora and appreciatevideo games that have stealth components, I'm not sure ifthis will be the one for me.However, it is a fantastic coma recovery simulator, therefore I give ita solid 9/10. Recommended."
,Recommended,287700,20734593,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,AzuRe,Rich/deep story60 fpsAwesome graphicsSpectacular musicOnline mode (PvP and FOB)Also.....A Hideo Kojima Game10/10 would say Rocket Punch while shooting your arm at enemies
,Recommended,287700,20736759,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Space Walrus,"While I haven't played much of the PC port at the time of writing this review, I did play it extensively on the Playstation. I must say, Metal Gear Solid V earned my Game of The Year for 2015. Here's why.The story is compelling and interesting. It's told through very cinematic scenes as well as tapes you can pick up in the field or are rewarded for completed missions. You can tell a lot of work went into the story for this game as there is a load to take in. For someone who never really played any of the other Metal Gear games, MGSV was an overwhelming experience in the beginning. However, paying attention to the dialogue in MGSV cleared up a lot of the background I would otherwise be unfamiliar with. This, I appreciate.The combat system is unique and fun, allowing you to take multiple paths to your objective, go in loud or quiet, call in helicopter support, etc. The stealth is great and feels great when you perfectly stealth an entire mission. It never feels like it's the game's fault when you're spotted. It's just really fun to play, and even the bit I've played on the PC is super enjoyable and ported over well.The Mother Base part of the game is a welcome addition to the franchise, it gives you a base to care for, troops to care about, and a firm sense of progression as you upgrade and outfit your base to be the best.The game is very long and well worth the price. I've spent already maybe 70 or so hours on the PS4 version and still never completed the game. I plan to play it through again, and to the end, on the PC.10/10."
76561198019568583,Recommended,287700,20786980,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Schwein,"awesome game, nice graphics worth the money XD"
,Recommended,287700,20787902,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Blackout,"this game is why i cry at night.i beat the main story in 72 hours.and im wishing it was longer.either that or i dont want it to end like this.what a depressing emotional rollercoaster that was.10 out of 10.there is NOTHING better than this game series.if i could go back and replay any game series with no knowlage about it, it would be MGSnumber 1 in my top 10 games of all time.DAMMIT QUIET!"
,Recommended,287700,21045896,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DarkDork,This game makes me Metal Gear Solid.
76561198017388753,Recommended,287700,21400443,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,[PVG]MRPlNK,"Of course this game is awesome... highly recommend it. Game of the year. But not that there isn't anything wrong with it...They made it similar to Peacewalker, in the sense that you capture people to lvl up the different departments of motherbase and get access to better equipment. You can send your soldiers out on missions... in Peacewalker, you could choose what weapons they used, what vehicles they could take, and it improved their chances. You could even watch them duke it out. Now it just automatically gives them what vehicles it deems necessary. Why can't I send a tank with them if they only have a 50% success rate?Also I like the open world. It feels like I'm playing Farcry/MGS hybrid. That being said, it doesn't have much variety. It tends to look pretty much the same wherever you go except the marked points of interest.Another complaint is the lack of dialogue coming from Snake. It's like they paid Kiefer Sutherland so much that they couldn't afford to actually have him say things. MGS is all about the dialogue. You should be able to call every person you know and talk to them for hours. And then do it again in the next area. Now I can just point at something and Miller will tell me if they are Russian or something.Also, I like the story. It's great. But as I beat it, I thought, this can't be over. I forgot that they cut the last mission. And it is pretty essential to the story. So that sucks.MGO-Anyone that knows me probably understands my love for MGO. I played the last one from launch until it died. I honestly love the new one. It is a ton of fun. And it's only kinda broken. The last one was, well.. ♥♥♥♥ed.I really just had to suck it up and accept that it's a different game. Its very much different from the last one. The stages are bigger. Headshots are not so important anymore. I had a laundry list of complaints, but most of them really don't apply to this because it's just different. Those tactics wouldn't work anymore. It really just seems like they wanted this one to be friendlier. Less hardcore, if you will. The last one was a mean, nasty, game, but that was part of it's charm. You could lvl down. Easily. It was hard to be a high lvl player and it was a status symbol. There aren't clans anymore. No keyboard chat. I could write a novel about why it's different and why that bothers me, but it's awesome so, why bother. It will get better."
76561198051681166,Recommended,287700,20216889,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Big V,For once gameplay beats story!
76561198053174219,Recommended,287700,20220895,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,buzzykill,"This game takes the place of Dishonored as my favorite game. I love games that give you the freedom to do the job in any way you see fit, especially if it gives you the option to complete a mission by only killing the target or no one at all. Not that I'm a virtual human rights activist, I've killed millions of virtual people same as everyone else, but that change of pace is nice.Also I hate it when you can carry a near infinite amount of weapons but it only shows them while in use. and I'm happy they chose to display all you weapons, plus add sounds for all the gear strapped to your body11/10"
76561197984694006,Recommended,287700,20251426,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kasanite,Really nice game. Its the first Metal Gear i ever played but damn its hell of a good game! Even with some Optional Missions which are like go there rescue him again and again and again you kinda have fun doing it because u can stock up your Crew with better Soldiers all the time and get Ressources and all those things and u wanna Upgrade and and and!
,Recommended,287700,20278921,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sethy 石,game made me cri because i am not actuallybog biss
,Recommended,287700,20288419,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,CARTEL SUNNY,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain : From an overall gameplay standpoint the first half of Hideo Kojima's action-stealth title is absolutely phenomenal, but as the game went on the screws appeared to have come loose as you can clearly see the cuts made by Konami in order to get this game finished and out on shelves. Due to this near the end we wind up replaying certain missions and the story suffers heavily making it the weakest narratives of all the Metal Gear titles. Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is my favorite game of all time, and the MGS series is considered by me to be one of the best franchises in all of gaming. The games story potential is however, in my opinion, disjointed and poorly executed near the end of the game. That doesn't make the game bad itself.The gameplay is top notch and some of the systems and scope of the title are generation defining. It's a shame we are unlikely to understand the truth revolving around the release of Metal Gear Solid V and we are unlikely to see Hideo Kojima work on another MGS title ever again."
,Not Recommended,287700,20348122,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Manhattan_Texas,"'Metal Gear Solid Vee' is about the guy from 24 pretending to be Snake. The gameplay is not at all like a Metal Gear Solid game. For whatever reason you are able to fulton sheep, cars, guns, Gary's mum, and a horse with a sniper rifle. The cardboard boxes dont behave like cardboard boxes. I would write a full game review but it seems only chapter one is currently released. Chapter two is the same as chapter one but on harder difficulty. They could have just made a setting to change the difficulty instead of trying to milk chapter one. This should have just been released as a different game that happens to share names with Metal Gear Solid instead of using the names legacy to profit. Full review when full game comes out."
76561197961161199,Recommended,287700,20369114,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Rick Dangerous,"My impressions after 100+ hours.+Insane amount of content (not exactly an impression, but a fact)+Good graphics+Good story+Very enjoyable most of the time+Pretty much perfectly optimized+80's music+No frame drops ever (GTX 780Ti with all settings on max ""Not tried 3D"")+Quiet-A bit clunky controls (But avoidable playing with controller, of course)-A bit repetative at times. (Reminds me a bit of Far Cry 2)-Horrible FOV (Had to install a fix)-A little bit to easy (NPC's aren't exactly rocket scientists)-Boring and bad online (But i don't count that into the final score)Verdict: 8/10 - Good GameValue for money: 10/10"
,Recommended,287700,20631167,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,MISSINGNO.,"i really liked character ""Quiet"" and rubbing ashes on my face"
76561198064272848,Recommended,287700,20711416,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,KULM3R,"Metal Gear Solid V is a really well made open world stealth shooter. You got loads of different tools and weapons to choose from. You can choose which way and how you want to approach a mission even when taking over some little outpost you have many differnt ways of doing that. You want to go in loud and mow down everyone no problem you can do that or you are more of a sneaky infiltrator then you can even finish missions without killing anyone. Always supporting is one of three different buddies which make for some nice variety. Besides the easy flowing jet challenging stealth and shooter gameplay the game possess a progression system in which you develop you own private military and your equipment as well as your buddy’s equipment. The story seems over the top at some times but all in all its very well written and interesting till the and. even after finishing the main mission there is much repay potential in this game because you get many different side quests and other special challenges which you need to complete in order to reach 100%. In the singelplayer you can even try to infiltrate other players bases to get resources and soldiers.Another addition that came very recently is Metal Gear Online which is still in beta at the time I’m writing this review. But still it is very fun to play even if there are still some problems that need to be fixed for the pc version.All in all I can say I really recommend you play this game if you have any interest in shooter and open world games. Most of the time I would not recommend a console port but this one was well made from the start and got improved over time more and more. I would even say it is the best game of 2015 but that’s only my opinion. To come to a conclusion: This game is freaking awesome, I mean you can shoot people with a robot arm and kidnap them with a weather balloon afterwards what more do you need from a game?"
,Recommended,287700,20987861,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Thievingmex1can,"Snek, stop kidding around, snek, sneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek"
76561198130398787,Not Recommended,287700,21138322,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MasterRat,"Good Game, Terrible MGS."
,Recommended,287700,20626641,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Conclude,"Altough a very good game it doesn't fell like a Metal Gear Solid game.. It's not like the others, but still a very good game."
76561198168932635,Recommended,287700,20715580,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Captain Kirk,"Pros:Game has lots of mission and content( 10% done with 16 hrs )You can hide in a boxFree range to complete missions however you pleaseNight and Day cycleQuiet is a babe. D-Horse is a mare.Staff management and base development is fun.Fairly easy to runHas an online/multiplayer modeCons:Can't play when on time restraint because I lose track of time when playingNot like previous Metal Gear games. More of a game and less of a movieCan feel repetitve if you always use same tacticsI havent found a puppy in the wild yetConclusion:If you haven't played a Metal Gear game and like shooters, you'll like this game.If you have played a Metal Gear game, keep an open mind. The game is different, but I still like it. Maybe you will too.If you want a lasting game, buy it. If you want a good stealth shooter buy it.Buy the game, its worth it."
,Not Recommended,287700,20739900,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Fuby,Graphics are nice..looks like it may be a  good game.. but I just hate the mechanics with mouse and keyboard..just me I guess.. can't recommend.. ohwell..back to other shooters.
,Recommended,287700,20783182,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,( ಥـْـِـِـِـْಥ),"Ground Zeroes being my introduction into the franchise, I wasn't really sure what to expect, and take into account my ignorance of how a Kojima game usually goes.Story was anti-climatic, lackluster and unnecessarily confusing. Often times pretty tacky. You'll often find yourself whispering under your breath, ""..wait, what?"" or ""what? why?"". COD has better storytelling IMO unfortunately, and this epiphany left me disappointed, especially having heard that MGS games play out like awesome, deep, thought-provoking movies.The best part of this game is the actual gameplay. Controls feel like they belong on a console controller, so it took a while to get used to, but after that everything was gold. The style doesn't stray far from your typical open-world format, but it rarely feels like a rehash of other games. If certain parts of the missions seem impossible, upgrade your equipment, adapt and change! There are also plenty of walkthroughs on the internet. If you like putting effort and committing to a game, there is a wealth of 'cassettes' you can uncover that give you all sorts of nuggets into the story and the MGS universe. My main complaint is the online aspect, as it is confusing. Play your cards right before you are ranked and you'll start at a relatively high espionage rank and score.Having finally completed the story along with 80% of side ops at 150+ hours, this game is definitely worth the buy. I just wish there were more goodies to upload from Ground Zeroes.Overall, 7.5/10. All coming from a guy who has never really been exposed to MGS."
76561198093337755,Not Recommended,287700,20900697,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,arjanvantriet,"Nice game, bought it for 40% discount, wouldnt pay more for it though. Game looks very good, its very playable but also very repetitive and gets boring fast. Every quest is the same, infiltrate somewhere, shoot or not shoot the guards and rescue the prisoner. There is some base building options and you can bring along a dog, a horse or a companion on a mission but it doesnt add to the game. There is some kind of a story in this game but you have to listen to countless of tape recordings to catch up with that.The online version of this game is realy sad, played 1 run and got bored right away. To little time per match with only 8 players on a very small map."
76561198050237439,Recommended,287700,21251019,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The Dark Paladin,"I am the kind of gamer that likes unlockables and newgame+ types.  The new breed of gamer might hate this game for its microtransaction crap (which blows) or the fact that the story isn't perfect (I'm also bummed about it) but a game should not take 8 hours to beat with no replayability.Like it or not, this game FORCES you to play the long-game.  The staff grinding, S Rank missions, side-ops, FOB's, MGO also gives you tons of opportunity for replayability and tons of time to invest in enjoying the mechanics and appreciating the gameplay.  These games are not very common, so appreciate the ""grind"" and embrace the ""suck"" that people ♥♥♥♥♥ about.  The game is rewarding as hell gameplay wise, and it is worth every penny."
,Recommended,287700,23973482,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Solaire,The best game I have ever played.
76561198180835354,Recommended,287700,24796258,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Spud_617,PLAY IT
76561198008715971,Recommended,287700,23163007,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,SevenUp,"I Love this game, the Singleplayer is epic and the Multiplayer is realy good but the seriously...the servers hosted by players are unreliable and theres lag coz of that. Its only a shame they didnt do dedicated servers, the mutiplayer itself is ♥♥♥♥ing Epic but the servers are killing the mutiplayer. Realy wished to see Konami fixing this but i think we can forget that.Jogo épico que vale a pena comprar resumindo, só peca no Multiplayer visto os servidores serem hosted por jogadores."
,Recommended,287700,25003518,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Protagonist,HIDEO KOJIMA GAME
,Recommended,287700,20464311,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Iron Wick (Chill),just wow.
,Recommended,287700,32156551,Posted: 3 June,all,Snippy,"In Metal Gear Solid 2 Ocelot throws the entire story out the window. Also, for some ♥♥♥♥ing reason Ocelot glued liquids arm on and now his arm mind controls him. It also changes his voice actor to the one for liquid, this confuses snake so much that his head literally explodes.Now that Snake is dead forever. You have to play as gay raiden, a big stupid crybaby losers who doesn't even smoke. This time you have to infilitrate a remote military compound called Metal Moses, which was captured by a group of genetically enhanced genome super-soilders.Raiden fights a magic vampire wizard then the wizards head pops off to reveal that he was actually solid snikes brother solidus snake, a super-cell-nano-con-mega-soilder cloned from the same nanomachines that created Solid Gear. Also he is is the president of the united states. ""Brother, I am the KING OF THE PIRATES"". Turns out Gas Snake is the leader of a deadcell nano-centro-processor duonamic simbafu group called The Sons of the Guns of the Patroits. tmYou see it turns out that everything so far was completely staged and fake. Liquid Snake was never the true ring leader at all, but was answering to Solidus Snake the entire time who was the biggest bad guy of them all. But then he gets double crossed by Ocelot who is actually Liquid who was actually a quadruple agent the whole time. and the biggest most evil bad guy of them all.But Smetal Snake saw it coming all along and reveals that he is actually a proxy ai created by the patriots 1000 years ago, but Solidus reveals that Rayden has information that is being carried by the nanomachines in raydens cerebral cortex. You see ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rayden is actualy a robot this whole time, working for le-lu-li-lo-la-la-low and the patriots but he didnt even know it because of the matrix.So Rayden chops of doctor octopus's head off and becomes the president of the united states, but Solid snake was alive all along and goes back in time to the 1960s so he can blow up Metal Gear Solid before it was even created.Unfortnuately he was too late, Ocelot also went back in time and shot metal gear ron into the the future with his future gun.so metal gear snake has to shoot back into the future but now its so many years future hes old as♥♥♥♥♥♥ even though hes died from old age he has to defeat a group of renegade genome super-soilders known as the Sons of Foxhound. Liquid Ocelot who is now being mind controlled by 30 different double-agents through his left leg, turns off all the guns in the world so that nobody can ever shoot anybody ever again, in turn saving the entire world. So snake beats him to death.the end*guest starring big boss*Big Boss : very convincing, but all completely wrong, you see snake turns out everything that ever happened was fake and staged by the super-patriots, the patriots were just a pawn and a reverse-triple agent working for solidus snake, but when he found out they were working for him he double crossed his own self in order to make himself work for them to trick them into being a triple reverse agent for his own self. hewas also a rogue proxy ai and a nanomachine you see snake shadow moses wasn't a remote nuclear warhead facility at all, it was actually a humongous on switch for the biggest metal gear in the world, metal gear herman. A metal gear so powerful that is so powerful that everything in the entire universe is not even existing anymore. You see snake Liquid Ocelot was actually my mother.It all started when i was in office as the president of the c united states i discovered remnants of an ancient-nanograde-genome-supercon-simbafudrive--metal-gear which was a quintrople agent working for every country in the universe - on the moon.he was also a rogue-ai and the leader of the super patriots."
,Recommended,287700,20463242,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,A Moron Abound,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is without a doubt the fastest game I've ever managed to achieve 90 hours in. And after those 90 hours, I am still unsure whether or not I can give a solid review. Why? Because it's a Hideo Kojima Game. MGSV:TPP is my first MGS game. I'd heard it was pretty awesome but held off on buying it until a big sale. I review this game as a fresh, new fan.-The story is as penetrable as a brick wall that doesn't believe in sex before marraige, but it's not a deal breaker. Take a trip to the wiki to fill you in on backstory. It takes a while to get used to.-Voice acting is great, writing (from what I've heard) is more approachable than previous MGS titles.-Well-rounded characters, all relatable, except for Skull Face right at the end. As a villain, he sorta forgets what the hell he's doing at the end and takes you on a car ride to spiel out his big plan. And he has some whack motivations, but I won't spoil anything.-Yes, Quiet (the controversial sniper character wearing nothing but a bikini) is needlessly sexualized. The camera always focuses in boobs-first in scenes she's in, and it always seems like her top is going to fall off. She's taken slightly out of context from the story, though, but the excuse Kojima gives for it is kinda lame. She is a very cool character. Just wish she would have been given a shirt during development.-Awesome, heart pounding stealth sections. When you clear a compound without making a noise or even being glimpsed, it's pretty satisfying.-Terrifyingly awesome action segments. Great boss battles. Gets your heart rate up.Recommended? Yes. Hell yes. Spend your money on this beast of a game. You'll get your money's worth, that's for sure.10/10, A Hideo Kojima Game"
,Recommended,287700,18058406,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,paskiainen,As every ♥♥♥♥ing mission briefing says...a Hideo Kojima game( •̀ ╭ ͟ʖ╮ •́ )
76561197995982940,Recommended,287700,18123748,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,BeardSoup,
,Recommended,287700,24508383,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Gajesh,"First time player of Metal Gear Solid+Good characters+Good story+Stealth is really fun with open world-Controls not explained for pc, but easy to pickup"
76561198086408201,Recommended,287700,17975864,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,bttry,Ran off a cliff in a sandstorm and died. They call me Sand Snake now.
76561197992107337,Recommended,287700,17976058,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Predator_MKD,"Very adictive game, freedom to take on missions as you would prefer, deep customizations, huge colection of weapons and gadgets, vehicles, tanks. Perfect military game"
,Recommended,287700,19718627,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,JuniperPostal,"The final game in the series. It all ends today. Here. Outerheaven. We see the man. Who sold the world out, to the man who tricked the world into accepting peace."
76561198095485637,Recommended,287700,19993624,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,jaX,"Thank you, Boss,"
76561198023513377,Recommended,287700,17842421,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Maiden of Malice,Game of the Year 10/10
,Recommended,287700,17842348,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Rhinoflash,11
76561198035707524,Recommended,287700,17842498,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Tiel,"""A Hideo Kojima Game"""
,Recommended,287700,17842439,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Baileaf,A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME
,Recommended,287700,17842277,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,°i apologize°®™,This is IT! The best muture Stealth game with sophisticated humor. Its a world where you want to help the situation and that is any way you want. Open World with ture meaning. The game looks amazing and EVERY gamer NEEDS to get thisOne of the best games ever created!
,Recommended,287700,17842353,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Strongest Baka⑨,One of the few recent games I've played that was infinitely more worth playing than the preceding hype.
,Recommended,287700,17842428,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,PinkPyro™,Game of the year 10/10
,Recommended,287700,22313699,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Pikáchu,"Such a incredible game,  so many interesting elements, multiple ways to play depending on each players` playing style, stealth, or as a triditonal FPS game. Building your own mother base, FOB mission also fun for me. But I have a little disappointed that cannot play with my steam friend for main misson, or side misson. Only the MGS online option. And if kojima can finish all script before he leaving KONAMI will be more satisfide. LOL. I will give 9.5 of 10. I will highly recommand my friend to play, the MGS series. And although Qiuet is pretty, I like DD more. LOL"
76561198353230285,Not Recommended,287700,35510421,Posted: 5 October,all,SaltCubes,"I'd like to start this review off by saying that I am a mega fan of the Metal Gear Solid games. Never before has a game series opened my eyes on what video games can really be. Hideo Kojima masterfully combined a cinematic experiance with a video game while simultaneously paying homage to 60's spy movies, introducing thought provoking themes about the world we live in, directing beautiful cinematic cutscenes and messing with fans expectations. Kojima also crafted one of, if not the best, stealth systems in video games that are always nicely complimented with fantastic and unforgettable boss fights. As you can see, Metal Gear solid means a lot to me.1.) GameplayMetal Gear Solid 5's gameplay is some of the best in the series. The amount of detail and things to do in this game is insane. You could get at least 20-40 hours out of this game experimenting with the A.I just by using all the toys you gradually unlock throughout the game(my favorite being the rocket punch). The controls and the shooting are so smooth that I sometimes forget that I'm playing a Metal Gear Solid game(while MGS1, 2, and 3 are great games, I will have to admit the controlls can be clunky at times). The newly added 'REFLEX MODE' is a great mechanic. Everything in the game turns slowmotion when you're caught giving you time to make-up for the mistake of getting caught and more often than not, turns the game into a John Woo film. The Buddy system is fun making certain missions easier and adds more depth when it comes to planning out how you're going to inflitrate places. Knocking out enemies and putting a balloon on them so they can be recruited into Mother Base is really fun. Mother base is this giant operations base that you build and grow by extracting soilders and extracting everything else that isn't nailed to the ground. In return, you'll be able to unlock weapons, modifications, and suits the higher you level mother base up. It's really cool having this windky-dink base and then growing it to be this mega ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a base. It's also extremely customizable as you are able to color it and make its own custom logo that you and your soilders will wear. Now, all of that is great, for the first 15 hours or so. After you do all of that you'll see that the game is extremely repetitve. When you figure out the best methods of inflitrating bases with the best weapons, you'll start to that over and over and over again untill every mission you do feels like a gigantic chore. And after you get bored of doing the side ops cause of how shallow and boring they are, all of the gameplay will feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥ leaving only the story to keep you going. The games open world is the poorest excuse for an open world I have ever seen. While it visually looks nice, there is no depth to it. Its like they threw darts on the map and said ""perfect"". There's these long stretches of land that have nothing in them and even when you encounter a camp and capture it; the enemies always respawn leaving you feeling like you have no impact on the world. I mean, what fun is an open world game if I have to hide from everything and everyone. Theres no one to meet, the lands boring, the camps are boring, everything just starts to feel boring so damn quickly and everything is so padded that I sometimes wonder what everyones talking about when critics slap a 10/10 on this game.2.) Story(SPOILERS)Oh, boy. I HATE METAL GEAR SOLID 5'S STORY!!! Coming from a game series that is widely known for it's narrative focus you'd think the game... would Y'know... have a story. MGS5 game was marketed as this big reveal we've been waiting to see. The fall of Big Boss. Every trailer that was shown was always dark, gritty, and seemed like it was gonna be the most emotional game in the series. The trailers also made it seem like the games antagonist, Skull Face, was gonna be this putrid and badass villian. Well, they lied. Big time.2.A) THE FALL OF BIG BOSS? Big Boss probably said more words in the epilogue of MGS4 than in the entirety of MGS5. He has no depth, he has no character, he's basically a silent protagonist. Big Boss never brings this game anywhere, its mainly Kaz and Ocelot who kind of just tell him to do things and he goes and does it. He seems like he has no motive and yet the game is really trying to push the idea that Big Boss is so driven by revenge. How am I supposed to care about what Big Boss is doing when he has no expression and no emotion. ELI AND OTHER CHILDREN STEAL A METAL GEAR and Big Boss is just like ""eh whatever"". Does the game really expect me to care about whats going when the main character seems like he's brain dead half the time? And oh my god the horrible twist. Basically after you grind your way through the game a random mission appears titled ""TRUTH"". Its the final mission and how does the game do its climax? MAKES YOU REPEAT THE FIRST MISSION BUT ADDS A 10 MINUTE CUTSCENE THAT REVEALS THAT THE BIG BOSS YOU'RE PLAYING AS ISN'T THE REAL BIG BOSS!!! I honestly would have no problem with this twist but there's no build up to it and it adds nothing to the story. The final entry in the series is just a cliff hanger that makes no sense and adds nothing to the beloved character of BIG BOSS. This wouldnt even be an issue if the game did it right but it didn't. It gave Fake Big Boss no depth making me not care about his twist or him as a character.2.B) THE STORY ISN'T FOCUSED AND IS EXTREMELY PADDED. I've beaten this game twice and I could barley tell you what its about. The plot jumps between 20 different things that all have no climax, no resolution, and they're poorly explained. There are barley any cutscenes(ironic for a series known for its long cutscenes) and for the few there are, nothing happens in them. Its just 5 lines of dialogue and it ends. Its such a shame too becuase Kojima directed these cutscenes beautifully. If you want to hear the meat of the story you to have to listen to these ♥♥♥♥ing boring cassette tapes that are so long and explain quite a bit that it makes me wonder why the devs just didn't make them codec calls like back in the old games or just cutscenes altogether. Its such a padded way of telling a story and a lot of the tapes are useless and add nothing. Did they really expect me to get emotionally invested in this plot when its poorly told through 3 minute tapes? Skull face is another character that suffers from lack of motivation. He's the antagonist and he's in the game for like 3 minutes. He makes this deadly parasite and a walking metal gear but seemingly for no reason. It's never really explained why and for the little explanation there is, none of it makes any sense. He also has no climax or resolution. He infects your men with a parasite and then gets killed by his own metal gear. Thats literally all that happends to him. Nothing more nothing less. The game tries so hard for you to hate him but its kind of hard to when you barley know who he is as a character. The games story is unfinished with multiple missions missing from the game, an ending with no build up, several pieces of the story that have no resolution, characters with no arc or development, and you're left wondering, ""where's the rest of the story?""3/10TL;DR MGSV is a game with fun but extremely repetitive gameplay and a story that will make you hate the game"
,Not Recommended,287700,18069915,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,WALKMANmdma,"in a few words: biggest disappointment of 2015GAMEPLAY WISE: it's pretty good. It's pretty fun and sometimes rewarding. Even though the AI can go crazy, and enemies can only see up to 50-55 meters then go blind.  A lot of useless weapons and items. Seriously, you're just gonna use the same rifle, tranq sniper rifle and tranq pistol for singleplayer, and the same shotgun and rocket launcher for fob. Weapons feel all the same. It's a joke looking back at peace walker. And resources grinding it's like one of the worst thing that could have happened to this game.BOSS BATTLES: are a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. Just one mecha, same 4 mini bosses for 4 times, and a sniper. A ♥♥♥♥ing sniper. What the ♥♥♥♥ happened to metal gear?STORY WISE: nothing. There's no story, as simple as that. The only thing this game explains is why Big Boss dies in metal  gear 1. Just that. This game could have explained so much, could have told so much. But kojima was too busy ♥♥♥♥ing raiden's♥♥♥♥♥i guess. There are like 3 or 4 good missions though. Some in africa, some back at the mother base.I wouldn't recommend this game to a MGS fan. I just had to cry after mission 46, knowing that was it. The last, amazing final chapter of Metal Gear is an empty shell of good gameplay and fanservice.I would recommend this to newcomers in metal gear. Play this, then play the older games and realize how much of a♥♥♥♥♥♥this one is."
,Recommended,287700,17968550,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Tatsumaru Senpai (°ヮ°),This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome best kojima last game ever!If you like Quiet a lots and use buddy for any missions!Love dat her outfit tho! :Pif you want keep Quiet as buddy put on bufferfly emblem (Front) ON! NEVER TAKE IT OFF until end of the game!!!!
,Recommended,287700,18005075,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Nanaya,"MGSV is pretty much peace walker 2.0, which could be a good or bad thing in your eyes. The gameplay and controls are excellent but the horrible pacing and barebones story really kills it. Not to mention alot of the things they have shown (Camp Omega, cutscenes, weapons, costumes, and etc) have been cut which is a damn shame. While the game is fun, right the open world is really lifeless and empty, not to mention the amount of filler content in chapter 2 gets old pretty quick.If i had to rate this id give it an 8/10By no means is this a bad game, it's just lacking ALOT of content that was cut, I would probably wait for when there are updates for this"
,Recommended,287700,17844485,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,MDMA,"Played 8 hours and still want to play. Will add some info when will beat the story.UPD: It took 60 hours to beat the story and some Side OPS. BUT, without spoilers, i can say, that this part of MGS is the most comlicated and serious. Why? Cause it's no longer about NUCLEAR WEAPON and FINDING METAL GEAR, no. The Ultimate weapon in this game is something original, new, fresh and FKNG scary (because if it was real -- it was realy deadly). Strange plot, not so much cutscenes (in comparison with MGS4 ofc), but not too little. Good ratio between cutscenes and gameplay, some obvious twists (which can't spoil your impression), but other plot stuff in a very high level. Yes, game is unfinished, second part was made in hurry, but without that part it's still a very good game. For me it's the best stealth at the moment.What about gameplay? Best stealth-action, replayability and very good FOB system, which could be very funny with friends. In addition there will be MP in ...eh, January?"
,Recommended,287700,17978646,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Seelvor,"The Pros:Immersive gameplay -- MgsV sucks you in, I'm going to be blunt. I sit down to play, blink, and then realize 19 hours have passed and I've only done 2 missions, and spent the rest of the time hoarding diamonds, speeding in a jeep running down goats, and playing an improvised version of darts with corpses and an open window. So much fun is in the open world, trying to learn new infiltration tactics, and maybe inventing your own!I'm personally a fan of the ol' ""Knock a group of guards out with the corpse of their friend"" trick. As well as the ""Jump out of a speeding car to let it ram into the mission-critical target's escort, then extract the target as he sobs over the now mangled body of his former comrade"" trick.Mother Base -- MgsV gives you a base, lovingly called the ""Mother Base."" With that base you can shower to wash the blood, tears and human misery from your uniform, as well as recharging the length of your ""Reaction time.""which is a kind of ""Bullet time"" that activates whenever you're detected, giving you a brief moment to incapacitate whoever detected you before alarms go off.And most importantly, you can MANAGE that base! You can stock up on defenses that you collect from the field, such as turrets, AA guns, and mortars. As well as letting you store an arsenal of stolen vehicles to call in whenever you need them!Most importantly, however, is the ability to snatch guards up from any mission, and having them join your ranks! Each guard has their own unique skill, be it Medical, Combat, Support, and a few others. Each of those skills dictates which base platform you assign them to, the more skilled the soldiers, the higher level the platforms will be.You can also raise your troops morale by beating the living ♥♥♥♥ out of them! And they looooove it when you beat them up. A bit masochistic, but it's welcome when I'm trying to perfect tranquilizer gun headshots!FoB OWNERSHIP -- A bit into the game, you unlock the ability to buld an FOB. Which stands for Forward Operating Base. With it, you can build it up JUST like you do with the Mother Base! The difference is, with an FOB, you can generate much more rescources, hold even more troops and level your platform levels even higher! You do have the risk of being raided though, but that just means you need to spend a little bit of that well-earned money on defending it! Such as building drones, cameras, and anti-loot alarms to go off when someone steals your stuff!Buddies and the Support Chopper -- Boss says he prefers to work alone, but we all know it gets lonely eventually. That's where buddies come to help! Buddies are a sort of sidekick you can use to help with your mission. First you start with a horse, then you slowly start to get more companions, and as you take them on missions, you bond more, and learn more commands for them to do, as well as unlocking better equipment for them!And then there's the chopper. With my trusty Ace-Pilot, Pequod at the helm. Yes you get an entire support copter fitted with missiles, flares, miniguns, the works. To call in atany timeyou want!... Well, usually any time. He can't quite help you in a cave... Regardless, Pequod is a valuable asset, that you can summon with a single flare, or simply calling him on your PDA. Once he shows up,♥♥♥♥♥♥s about to go down. He's so destructive he actually warns you to get the hell out of the way because he's going to shoot untill he CAN'T shoot anymore. You see that one guard on the ground, writhing in agony on his back and trying in vain to hold his internal organs in?ROCKET SALVOSeriously, he's one cold hearted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. But still fun nonetheless.The best thing about the chopper though, is that you can make him play music out of the loud speakers as he lays waste to the hostiles. Which means you can watch the horror in everyone's eyes grow as they hear ""Take On Me"" slowly getting louder and louder, untill it's blaring right in their ears, only drowned out by the dual miniguns tearing their bodies in half.Unfortunately, not all games are 100% amazing, no. This is merely 99.99% There's still a small bit of bad which isHIGHLY OPINIONATED.It may not be a problem for others, but it is for me. So now it's time forrrrrrrr...The Cons?!The story -- ""But Silver!"" I hear you cry. ""You just praised it for being so immersive! How is it a problem?""Well, it's rich, it's long, it's very deep. But it's also slightly confused at times. What I mean is, the story brings so much stuff in constantly, it could be considered sensory overload. Every mission they bring in a new Acronym, Orginization or name. It's hard to keep up! And sometimes, I'm going to be honest, the decisions of the characters make no sense whatsoever, and some of the plots the bad-guys hatch are absolutely DUMB. Also, I want you to take a shot every time someone says ""Phantom,"" ""Phantom Pain,"" or ""The pain is still there."" If you do that, congratulations, you died of alcohol poisoning on Chapter 1.The FOB ATTACKING -- If you want to get the online experience, the only way to do that at the moment is raiding FOBs of other players. Because the actual online servers for deathmatch and stuff will be down untill January for PC, and October for consoles. And I have to say, the FOB raiding is so.Goddamn. Broken.If you raid someone's FOB, you better pray to GOD that the person owning that FOB isn't online at the moment. Or else you will. And absolutely WILL lose. Why?Well if you're raiding an FOB, you'd think that the owner wouldn't notice there's an invasion untill you're spotted right?WRONG.Even if you've snuck your way up to the very top of the FOB, without a single person even THINKING about an intruder, the owner will still get an alarm. In fact, he will get an alarm the very instant you invade, no matter what. And once the owner joins, it's downhill from there. Here's a brief list as to why: There's 1 of you, and 8 - 24+ of their guards, PLUS the owner themself... As soon as the owner joins you'll be sent back to the starting point, no matter where you were in the base before they joined... The owner can detect you with sonar easily, and if anyone is knocked out, they'll show up on their HUD... If the owner spots you, it's alarm-time. And then every soldier pops out to kill you. And most importantly...THE OWNER CAN RESPAWN AS MANY TIMES AS THEY WANT.That's right. Infinite respawns. How many lives do YOU get? 1. It doesn't matter if you blow them up with a rocket, headshot them with the highest caliber sniper you own, knock them out and throw them overboard or evenkidnapping them and sending them to your base's jailroom.They will still come back very quickly.I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one to think this, too. As I've only been raided once. And he was immediately subdued. I've successfully raided 11 times out of 17. The other 6?.. Well, the owner joined and ♥♥♥♥ed me up.Buddies -- Oh my. I know, I know. I made them a Pro, but they can also hinder you so much... Were you sneaking by some guards? Well they noticed your dog and then caught a glimpse of you as they tried to shoo it away. Were you about to CQC those two guards in front of you? Well after you throw the first one into a wall and grab the other in a chokehold. Your sniper figured that the second guy was a serious threat and then snipes him in the head as you were about to interrogate him. Then the entire base hears the sniper fire and they sound the alarm. Good. Good job.Bosses -- Not all bosses are hard. Actually, only a few are. But during an entire boss fight, there is NO CHECKPOINT. And hard or not, they are VERY time consuming. It takes forever on most fights, then they pull a move you didn't even know about and then boom, you're dead... Restart at the beginning! You'll do it next time...All in all. It's a FANTASTIC game. Buy it. Do it now."
,Recommended,287700,17973829,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Echolon,"A REVIEW FROM A TRUE FAN(*SPOILER FREE*)PROS:-One of the best Metal Gear Solid gameplay experience you will have in the serie. It's truly astonishing.-Greatly optimized game, constant 60 fps.-A free roam game that waits for you to explore!-Much arsenal to choose from waiting for you to get developed!-Truly unique stealth experience that you won't encounter in a different game.-Most of the weird things you see in this game has a scientific explanation! Ex: Why is Quite half naked...etc.-The enemy AI got smarter than ever, they adapt to your tactics and use the right equipment for it. (If you like to beat your foes by headshotting them, they will eventually wear helmets and such. Also they can even have resistence to your tranquillizer weaponry and the next time you shoot them, they will fall a sleep for shorter periods.)-You can achieve your objective by either stealth or by just going in guns blazin'.-The buddy system works great most of the time, especially D-Dog.-Metal Gear Series managed to keep the sense of humour that it showed in previous games by adding some funny moments into the game.-Easter eggs are really great but quite hard to notice. There is an easter egg at the mother base where a box falls down on your head if you stay near the sign where it says ""Caution! Under Construction.-Casette tapes contain important stuff about the story of the universe and you can also listen to some badass music while you are on a mission! (You can even import your own music.)-C.Q.C (Close Quarter Combat) is actually really fun and simple! You can take down like five enemies by just clicking your left mouse button. It never really gets boring.-The music is in Phantom Pain is really really amazing!   Especially 'Sins of the Father' gave the goose bumps!CONS:-Even though the gameplay was amazing, I found myself begging for some cutscenes to appear! Phantom Pain is the only game in the serie with the least cutscenes.-I didn't really like to FoB system at all! Everytime you step into the game you find out that you lost some of your men. I heard some people got attacked 4 times a day and lost over 50 men! They should've atleast limited those FoB attacks so that other players can only attack you once every 2 days or so.-I still can't believe they removed a really important asset from the game by not finishing Episode 51... You can watch it on Youtube, but hey! This should've been in the game.-Ahh... It comes out of nowhere! You find yourself lost after Chapter 1 where you try to do the main missions without even realising it's coming to an end.-Side missions are so repetetive! It's either ""Save The Prisoner"" or something similar to that which gets you really bored after some time.Hell yeah! I'd definately recommend this game to anyone even though the statements I made under the ""CONS"" headline quite ruins the overall story of the game. Anyways Kojima managed to astonish us by making a really great game. I wish the best luck for him and ""Kojima Productions"" since this game will be the last MGS game they will ever make. Thanks for the great memories!"
,Recommended,287700,22404000,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Wrathra,"PROS:- Open-world stealth, allows free roaming and lets you do whatever you want in a large but closed environment.- Replay value is very high, many things to screw around with with free roaming.- Interesting story- Can roam around in Mother Base and build and customize more platforms- Partners called 'Buddies' to roam around with in missionsCONS:- Gets boring after a while- A bit too repetitiveOverall Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,287700,17842689,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Nefrith,A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME
,Recommended,287700,30805787,Posted: 28 March,all,DOGGO MCPAWS,"One of the best games you could possibly play. While the story isn't the best, it holds up. What makes this game so memorable is the characters, and most importantly, the gameplay. This is some of the best gameplay you could possibly experience. This game is very addictive, and very, VERY immersive. Very atmospheric and with real replay value. This game, like others such as the Witcher 3, is a must have."
76561198016194982,Recommended,287700,26299057,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,YaPoNeC,The best stealth game ever!
,Recommended,287700,33106195,Posted: 1 July,all,Cipher,It's good
,Recommended,287700,17917166,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,LEYKA,"Real GOTY, great detail everywhere in the game. This 59.99$ is on the other level compare to other 59.99$."
76561198176398599,Recommended,287700,24028380,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Conus magus,"The best game I own, buy this, simple. Well Blak death is better so may be 2nd :)Works well on older computers."
,Recommended,287700,17920893,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Bagm,Easily the best game I've ever played and might be the greatest I'll ever play. I've never been so inlove with a game. The way the developers drop you in to the story allows you to understand everything without playing the other games. I will genuinely fight anyone who doesn't own at least one copy of MGSV:TPP. I want to win the lottery so I can buy a vault full of copies of this game.BEST GAME EVER CREATED I WILL FIGHT YOU IF YOU DENY THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287700,17925120,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Arty,QUIET! DD! QUIET! QUIET! DD! DD! QUIET! DD! DO IT!
,Recommended,287700,17937079,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Mr.Flabs,Never played a metal gear solid game and it is amazing. It is a must buy
76561198072575439,Recommended,287700,17897216,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,DoC2262,A Hideo Kojima Game 10/10
76561198058842319,Recommended,287700,17921553,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,KoStud,"I don't want to play anymore, but I can't stop."
,Recommended,287700,17845296,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,To let `er rape!,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17833245,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,UberLord,A GAME BY HIDEO KOJIMA !!!!
,Recommended,287700,17839716,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Peculiar Picard,A Hideo Kojima Game
76561198187648134,Recommended,287700,17854210,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Snake,A Hideo Kojima game.
,Recommended,287700,30008343,Posted: 18 February,all,MAYFLIES,You're going to extract him?
,Recommended,287700,17846665,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,SkyNET [Philanthrophy],"With no doubts, this is one of the best game ever made."
,Recommended,287700,17846278,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,TheLaTasher,"Unfortunaly, I have too many online friends to play with, and other games to finish but from my time on this Master Piece I can say screw my $1 per hour the $59.95 should be put up to $60! because it is such an amazing game so far. But that my friends is the tip of my D because I still yet to aquire quite and stare at her chest for a good 20 or so hours."
,Recommended,287700,17976230,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Freyar,"While some might consider Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain a little less ""hardcore"" in the stealthing genre than its predecessors, MGSV manages to give players the flexibility to play as they want, letting people who choose to do soldiering to do so without over-penalizing for the lack of stealth.The game's maps are fairly big and the freedom to approach things how you want is a bonus. However, freedom does come at a cost. While predecessors had a great amount of love and care put into their linear environments, they did well to be able to set pacing for events and scripting. The open nature of the world in MGSV means that some scripting breaks, but when it breaks, it breaks gracefully in such a way that without replaying the scenario, you'd not know about it.The story feels slightly detached from you as the player. Instead of having things happen around you and you having an impact on them, situations feel like they're more force-fed instead with you observing the changes in what is going on in the world.While I do have criticisms for the game, I'd not be absolutely engrossed in the game if I wasn't enjoying it. Despite those downfalls, the game runs excessively well with slowdowns only with certain effects at certain ranges. In all my time playing, I've not had a single crash. I mean this literally. The game performs well and looks pretty great as well. The only criticism would be some of the texture detail in the game. If you've got 2GB of vRAM or more, set the textures to maximum.This feels like a good move forward from prior Metal Gear games. It is a shame that this will likely be the last one with Hideo's influence.Yes, buy this. Buy this new. Buy this even if it isn't on sale."
,Recommended,287700,17837753,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,[EBRETH] Hakkason,Top Notch. You will not regret buying this.
,Recommended,287700,17889583,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,The State of Texas,"This is, without question, game of the year."
,Recommended,287700,18034425,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Mildred,"If there's one thing that this game does give you, it's the phantom pain you get from all the cut content"
76561198034113620,Recommended,287700,17889577,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,SexualGumbo,"40 hours in, not evn 50% complete.Never seen a game with no expiration date before. 10/10"
,Recommended,287700,17833818,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,mbill,"Kept you waiting, huh?"
76561198018477023,Recommended,287700,17834676,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Barack Obama,If only konami didnt rush kojima to finish the game it'd be a masterpiece
36467188294771298,Recommended,287700,17838390,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,CornBread,Great Game recommend this game to everyone! truly a hideo kojima game !!!
76561197982563601,Recommended,287700,17846423,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Bpy6,"Thoughtfully crafted, an extremely realistic stealth-action game featuring unicorns on fire and flying teenage girls in gasmasks.A Hideo Kojima game."
76561198066224775,Recommended,287700,34152309,Posted: 10 August,all,MIRA KILLIAN,"MGS VENOM is a cinematic and video game masterpieceIts got stealth, gunplay, music, open world, feels very much like the classics with a bit of Mercenaries Playground of Destruction... Lord Kojima's love letter and goodbye to one of the best series ever... def recommended to play the first part Ground Zeroes and the earlier titles for the story but still newcomer friendly if this is your firstDef recommended XD"
,Recommended,287700,27854185,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gray Wolf λ,o7
76561197977733369,Not Recommended,287700,17947936,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Monkey Raider,Gameplay greatStory and Characters bad
,Not Recommended,287700,17978712,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Caballerodeplatarey,I can't play the damn game cause of my graphics card... I want a refund
76561197995922145,Not Recommended,287700,17996059,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Sunset,"Story telling is divived into smaller ""main missions"" like in Peace Walker, every mission has ""briefing"" that shows participants on that missions. In that you can see if you have Boss fight coming on. Personally i dont like this....Main story could be much better, lots of stuff that could use explaining why this is like it is, and some cutscenes dont make sense even when they come right after each other. Like in one cutscene people from motherbase is interrogating/torturing Quiet and in next  Quiet is flirting with Boss and all is happy....Crappy ending wich pretty much tells you that there will be more to come, most likely in DLC's. Actually i didint even notice when the main missions came to end, i was just cursing that what i have to do to get next main mission open....This is a game where main point seems to be using fulton to get animals, merc's and vehicles...Lots of holes in plot and questions waiting for answers.This gives the idea:http://imgur.com/gallery/DwPaZ3E"
76561198214592032,Recommended,287700,18064218,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,phillipshead,"Definitely worth buying. Once you sink your teeth into it for a few hours you'll see why. It just keeps getting better. Gameplay-wise, this is a gem. Some thoughts, in no particular order (and devoid of spoilers):* Lots of customization, of pretty much everything, which always tickles my fancy.* Buddies make your life easy, but in some cases, almost too easy. One in particular can basically take out entire guard posts for you. Before you get there.* On a similar note, difficulty level jumps up and down unexpectedly, but stays within a good range. When you're good at what you're doing, it *will* feel like a cakewalk, until something in a mission catches you by surprise.* The ""boss fights"" are more like brief, playable intermissions in lieu of more cutscenes. I'm actually okay with this setup, but it's not for everyone.* Snake is *almost* as quiet as... well, y'know. I didn't mind this so much at first, but when he's literally being asked a question and he responds with silence and a stare, it almost feels like watching a play where the actor forgot their line. But I guess if we stick with the ""he's just seen some sh*t, man"" perspective on Snake's demeanor, it kinda fits... but it's still awkward.* Fulton extracting everything is a joy.* Being able to call in helicopters, buddies, ammunition, what-have-you, all of these tools at your disposal, it DOES make it a bit easier in open world and side-ops, but the game still finds ways to remind you that you're not invincible.* Miller is a sh*t. I want to remove him from my team. Doesn't get prosthetics for his missing limbs ""to remind him of the pain""? Go listen to a Linkin Park album, you tool. Oh, and half the time you Fulton extract someone, he goes ""you're going to extract *him*?"" condescendingly like you made a poor choice. It took a little testing to realize that he's not actually grading your choice, he'll say that for anyone. Yes, Miller, I am going to extract him. I'll extract whoever the hell I want. I'll extract 100 soldiers with E ratings in everything before the night is through, just because I don't want them to wake up, and I don't want to grant them sweet release (or waste my ammunition doing so) Why? What's it to you? What's my f*cking name?* In lieu of repetitive audio, and without spoiling anything... HMMM-HMMM~, HMMM-HM-HMMM~* Enemy AI is pretty solid. There have been a few occasions though where I've wondered how the hell I got spotted. Tip: your visibility in a sandstorm IS NOT reflective of the AI's. Conversely, there are times where I wonder how the hell I *didn't* get spotted. Particularly when the AI is focused on my buddy, but like, I'm right there, not 45 degrees off being straight ahead, and <10 feet away, with an assault rifle pointed at their head.* You'll get your FOB about a quarter of the way through the game. The cost of another FOB is absurd, roughly $15, and effectively impossible to get through the tiny rewards of ""MB"" they occasionally give you. Not worth it just to get more income.That's about all I can think of right now. I'm only 30% through at the time of this writing, I'm taking my sweet time and savoring the flavor. All in all I highly recommend TPP, it's a ton of fun."
76561198066898719,Recommended,287700,18111560,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,DunkstersMcGee,"It isn't bad, but knowing how much better it could have been?That truely is a phantom pain.CLARIFICATION: Everyone seems to be giving this horrible reviews becuase it isn't the ""Kojima can do no wrong 10/10 flawless"" game they for some reason expected it to be. Does it have issues? Yes. Is it flawless? No. Is it still a very good game that atleast I thoroughly enjoyed, and will continue to enjoy? Yes. Do I recommend it? Yes, I had fun with it. Will the phantom pain of experiencing the end of this game, and it's series, ever subside?Not likely. We're just here to suffer."
76561198116983786,Recommended,287700,18162199,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Marcos Rode,"+A decent ending to an amazing saga, considering how konami f***ed the development of this project.+Miller's quest for the perfect burger is better than his quest for revenge.+Quiet is a badass.+D Dog is a badass+D Walker is a badass.+D horse poops on command.+ I have the song ""America, ♥♥♥♥ Yeah!"" from Team America as my chopper arrival theme. It's awesome!+ Gameplay is hands down the best part! If you like to change strategy on the go or test new gameplay options, this game is for you my friend!-Story pieces missing.-Somewhat a lack of depth in some story arcs.-I miss quiet :(Saying the game gets repetitive after 100+ hour gameplay makes you sound dumb. If that's your argument, then you wont enjoy any long game. Ever.Just saying.Overall, a solid 9/10 game for non mgs fans and for normal fans. The haters score doesn't matter. Haters gonna hate. Best part? some of then didn't recommend the game and yet are still playing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.Hypocrisy much, huh?"
,Recommended,287700,18197097,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,trevor.,"Im not good at this, but I felt the need to make one.Note* (I have completed both chapters.)Pros-Almost perfect gameplay-INCREDIBLE graphics-Not repetative in my opinion.-Great optimization.-You honestly get to much for what you pay for (can't wait for MGO!)Cons-Wonky AI at times.-Not enough intructions.-We have to wait till 2016 for MGO.... :/-Disappointing ending, Not BAD but not INCREDIBLE. Should have kept the trashed ending.Overall rating-9/10 Great buy!"
,Not Recommended,287700,17988242,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,philiprcraig,"Game plays great when you start, but the wash, rinse repeat nature of it has put me off. If I could get a refund after 47hrs I would"
,Not Recommended,287700,18085689,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,CHEEZ IT,"Edited due to recent patches.I am giving this the thumbs down because the story is half-finished due to Konami's mismanagement of series. Most weapon development projects now require a real-time waiting period (i.e. 2 hrs real time for a pistol upgrade.). Some resources acquired in-game are forcibly stored in an online ""home base"" where other players can invade steal your stuff.The gameplay, though, is one of the most polished and near perfect in modern gaming. I have never encountered any A.I. or graphical glitches in my playthrough.Pros:-Excellent stealth and action gameplay-Very good graphics-Adaptive enemy combatants-Simulated Day/night cycleCons:-Weakest MetalGear story in the whole series-Microtransactions-Online stored in-game resources-Slight spoiler-y credits before every missionThis is an excellent game with near perfect gameplay mechanics, that said I'm only giving this the thumbs down as a protest to Konami."
,Recommended,287700,18195399,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Milkyshutter,"After playing this game, I can't play any other games. They look like games of 10 years past because of this game. I can tell you that this is beyond my expectation. Without having a hands-on on a game like this, it would've been unfathomable such game can even exist. This game is 20/10. A must buy, and a game of all times."
,Recommended,287700,18297388,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,i dont wanna live,"This game is a weird one. I've played all the games except MG1, MG2, and MGS4 (Although I've watched those on youtube)Honestly, it was fun. As a game. However, as a metal gear game, it's different. I'll explain why in this review.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is insane. It can be anywhere from slow paced, intense stealth, to fast paced action.  It will make you want more, and sometimes it gives it to you, and sometimes it doesn't. This is mostly because of the main missions having some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sequences etc.You will be going around Afghan and Africa, sneaking and riding your horse. Use your other buddies to help you take down enemies and control outposts. This can make your enemies use more helmets if you headshot them, or just generally be more aware.It's a pretty good game for this alone, and certainly is the best aspect of this game.10/10STORYThe story...What did you do...? It seems to be coherent, albeit the lack of cutscenes, but at the end, you'll just feel like 'I can't be ♥♥♥♥ed.' I got to mission 31, and now I'm finished. I looked up the endings online, including the truth one.It seems like Kojima didn't finish the story, and it makes the game dissapointing. At the end, you'll expect things to wrap up as you take down that boss, but what do you get? Chapter 2. And guess what Chapter 2 is? Mostly, the same missions, with a handicap.I don't want to do this to progress with the story, and I can't be bothered. It's a shame as well, since the trailer they included seemed to make it look like it was going to be the most interesting part, but it seems like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ now.Skull Face dies without major climax and tension, and doesn't feel like a villain. Honestly, I wanted to be on his side. And lots of plot holes; I think they should have stopped the game at mission 31 and had a  couple hours of cutscenes. I would have preferred it, to be honest.7/10STORY MISSIONSThese can range from fun to boring and tedious. My main complaints are the mission where you rescue the child soliders, the skulls mission where you have to capture the truck. Most of them are pretty good.8/10GRAPHICSNothing really to complain about, beautiful, captures the moment, but nothing to write home about. Will hold up for a year or two until technology advances. Looks amazing when it rains as well!8/10OPTIMIZATIONNot really much to say; it's well optimized, but only because the game is essentially a wasteland. Grass looks great and runs great though, compared to some skyrim mods, witcher 3, etc.9/10OVERALLThe game's gameplay is the best thing about it; it's a stealth game, and it's stealthily hidden under the metal gear name...and it shouldn't be. Slap on a different name and it'll be great. The story really ruined the experience; filled with gaps and tedious missions at times, it really makes the game seem different. However, as a game, it's a 10/10.BUT, post-mission 31...9/10.It's only fair.P.S, you might want to stop after mission 31. Look up the truth ending, and be done with this.One last time, thanks Hideo Kojima. Not for this game, but for the series."
,Recommended,287700,18065141,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Keen.Must.Die,"I own all the major Metal Gear Solid Releases(1-5 & Peace Walker) and consider myself a huge fan of the series and I eagerly awaited the finale of the series but now that I've played over 25 hours I cant help be disappointed by what is the last true Metal Gear Solid game and the fact its finished with a whimper.Pluses:+The stealth and gameplay are without doubt the best they've ever been and I really enjoy trying to complete each mission and side op with the perfect stealth & no kills bonus.+The game looks great with the new Fox Engine and for such a big game there are little to no bugs with some great optimization.+Extra objectives in Missions and Side Ops give the player so much to do. I've played over 25 hours and still at only 20% complete+Characters and Cinematic scenes are, as always, top-notch work+Buddy system allows for backup on missions and side ops. Quiet is very handy to have as cover fire.Negatives:- Huge open worlds are pointless if theres barely anything in it. Both Africa and Afghanistan are huge in area but little in content. Small outposts and bases are spread wide leaving the map with about 70-80% wasteland.-Side ops and Mother Base staff management become crucial without the game notifying you. I spent a long time defeating a boss only to find that I needed a Transport Specialist staff member to complete the mission, a fact the game did not inform me of. Another frustrating hour of searching the internet and the maps for this specialist ensued.-Narrative is badly paced. After the prologue it was hours before I progressed the story in any way. Metal Gear Solid has always been excellent example in a narrative driven game but TPP doesnt seem to have much story left to tell and it seems like its a side story to the missions.-Hiding is just pointless in this game. Another key aspect of previous MGS games has vanished. Once you've been discovered the only way of dodging enemies is by fleeing mainly because there are very few places to hide.This is really a 7.5 but for a whole number rating.-Health and Supplies are a huge annoyance in this game. There aren't many supplies around when you need them and the guns cannot hold a lot of ammo meaning you need to constantly call for supply drops. Old system of being able to have all the weapons is gone and replaced by a loadout of 4 weapons max. Also have to hide for long periods to wait for your health to recover instead of using rations while annoying blood spatters on screen reducing your visibility.-Micro-transactions. All that needs to be said about thisAll in All,  its a great stealth game. I just wish the story was not scrapped for a release date."
76561197994068719,Recommended,287700,18098994,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Ordinary,"The fifth and probably last entry of Metal Gear Solid is probably one of the most awaited games of this year, at least it sure was for me, I feel pretty satisfied with it, but I can't speak for a real MGS veteranSound: 8/10 (extra points if you import your own music)Aside from the game's soundtrack you have the ability of playing cassette tapes in your iDroid from a few collections-Information: contains detailed info about story events, you acquire these after completing main missions.-Music: divided in music from the game, real music (The Final Countdown, Kids in America...) and music in the custom soundtracks folder, these tapes must be found in different outposts.-Tapes acquired in the field, these tapes actually have some uses, which should be obvious by their names but in order to use their effect you need to enable the speaker function in your iDroid.However, there are some nuisances too, very repetitive dialogues between soldiers or codec reminders. Also, codec calls will muffle whatever tape you are listening.Plot: 9/10It's been 9 years since a mysterious group used a nuclear weapons inspection as an excuse to demolish Mother Base while Snake was out on a rescue mission, which ended in absolute failure, unfortunately, things don't look too pleasant for the recently awakened Snake, who is thrown into a supernatural conflict 5 minutes after leaving his hospital bed and must rescue his old friend Kazuhira, rebuild Mother Base and get revenge for his peopleThe plot is centered around revenge but language plays an arguably bigger part, how it brings people together and how it can be used ""as a weapon"",watch out for that oneThe game features cutscenes at the start and end of important main missions and sometimes when returning to Mother Base, they aren't too long either, most of the details in the plot are in optional tapes you get when completing missions. The game leaves an unfinished plot point that can be found on Youtube by searching for episode 51.Gameplay and features: 10/10Codec: it works as a call button which will give you a random tip, works better when looking at something through binoculars. Holding the call button brings up a menu that allows you to interrogate held up soldiers and give commands to your current buddy.Movement and general gameplay: pretty much the same as other MGS, with the freedom of a TPS, firefights might turn into a cover shooter with regenerative health (except fatal injuries). CQC works the same as other games, can do a quick combo, a throw or hold to interrogate.Setting: the game takes place in a desert in Afghanistan and a jungle in Africa, they are both huge places and it might get boring and annoying to travel, thankfully you can steal vehicles, use your horse or use a cardboard box to be sent from one outpost to another. While the world looks big and wide, most of it could be reduced to running from A to B or clearing outposts, like in Far CryFlow of time: time is important, it affects day and night and weather cycles which will affect visibility or hearing of the soldiers. The enemy soldiers can also adapt, this is reflected in their countermeasures, for example if you operate too much at night they will get night vision googles, you can get rid of these countermeasures with dispatch missions.Buddies: While Snake works alone most of the time, you can still take a follower with you-D-horse: will help you move faster around the map, but unlike vehicles, you can hide by clinging to its side if you get close to soldiers-D-Dog: will mark enemies, plants, animals, placed weapons and vehicles within a 40-50m range, if you develop armor for him you can give the order to stun or kill a soldier-Quiet: can scout outposts and snipe targets on your command, to get better results from her you should develop a suppressed rifle-D-walker: a walking robot with an arm that can grab or punch people, function as a vehicle while also being able to use it's arsenal on the move.Mother Base stuff: while you play, stuff goes on in MB, the game is Peace Walker 2.0 in this regard, you extract soldiers to add them to your staff, you send the combat unit on missions to bring you money, materials and volunteers and task the R&D team to develop new weapons for you, the support unit can help you this time around, as it levels up they will inform you faster and more precisely of weather changes and enemy positions, but also the speed and quality of support requests like air strikes or even weather changeFOB: This is an online component that provides PvP, at some point during the story you will get asked to build a small base, when it's done you will be able to defend it or invade other players, the objective of an invasion is reaching the core of the enemy base while avoiding patrols on the way.Breakdown of pros and consPros:Best MGS gameplay to dateBig, nice looking world, a desert and a jungleGood music, can play it anywhere and even import your ownPlenty of freedom for movement, actions and decisions when approaching missionsCountermeasures system that gives AI adecuate equipment for your regular approachesPlenty of things to use, weapons, vehicles, costumes, buddies, ammo drops, air strikes and weather manipulationLong game with replay value, plenty of missions to complete or repeat, FOBs for pvp content and Metal Gear Online will be integrated in 2016Less cutscenes won't bother new or indifferent people to the story but there are cassette tapes for those interestedCons:World size makes it a pain to do side OPs far apart from each other if you don't want to use the helicopterBeing connected online might make the game reload a checkpoint if you lose connection to the servers (Steam routine maintenance)No VAC means possible cheaters in FOBsNot many proper bossesTimers for micromanagement only move when you are ingameThis game is a great experience, even though I'm not dedicated MGS, I think it could use a bit more plot or maybe I just didn't want it to end, while there are things that annoy me, I easily forget about them, and it delivered to most of my expectations, I rate it 9.5"
,Recommended,287700,18109330,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,SALAD SNAKE,SUCH A LUST FOR REVENGE
,Not Recommended,287700,18317867,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Astraea,"So here it is, the end, the ""missing link"", the last Metal Gear. After all the ""Phantom Hype"" and 70 hours of play, I honestly hate this game with a burning passion. Now before I get down thumbs because ""Metal Gear Solid V is the best"" I had got into Metal Gear Solid about a year ago and I have bought two gaming systems to play the whole series (PS1 for MGS 1 and PS3 for MGS 4), I wanted to play every one and I was hooked on the Phantom Pain and I even bought an Xbox One to get the collector's edition. Why any of that matters is because I was on the edge of my seat at 11:59 PM on August 31st waiting for this game and just waiting for the end of a series I was deeply in love with only after a year. So this hurts to say it's awful. Where to start, the plot is beyond laughable. Following Snake, Kaz and Ocelot as the go out for revenge against Skull Face after the events of Ground Zeroes. Kaz in that time has gone from his funny and loveable Peace Walker character to wanting everyone who isn't in their club house of Diamond Dogs to die. Ocelot on the other hand became the voice of reason and tried to always calm Kaz and Boss down, which comes clear out of the blue, seeing as in every other game he's the sadist and the one who follows Naked Snake around aiming to beat him in a duel. Finally we get to the main man, Snake. Snake went from a loveable guy who knows when it's ok to lighten up and when something needs to get done. Now he's become an emotionless and cold person, one line in particular always stands out to me ""When the time come, I'll be the one to pull the trigger."" in regards to Quiet. I just feel like everyone here got scripts mixed up and I really do miss the old cast. Now to the actual story which is just that, Kaz, Ocelot, and Snake do......stuff. It's never really big things either, blow up a few tanks and trucks, stop oil from flowing, ect. There was so much filler as we were told ""No this is really imortant Snake"" over and over. Story missions aren't even that fun to start either, there's very few moments where I said ""That's what I loved about past games"". Camo index is gone too, not that it matters because no matter what you wear the AI is too thick to notice or care about the guy who's standing out in the open about 40 meters away. I keep getting off the topic of the story because I can't remember one big mission that wasn't a glorified cutscene. Mission 43 was cool but a big glorified cutscene. Another scene I remember is the now infamous Jeep ride where Skull face just tells you his plans like in a James Bond movie and ""The Sins of the Father"" starts playing as Snake just sits next to the guy who destroyed everything of MSF without a care in the world, often looking to the camera in confusion to match my own. The game just suffers from so many problems that I could go on and on about little things all night but I just want to end on the last and biggest problem. The cut content. If you're reading this and not sure what I'm talking about, look up a little about chapter 3. From what I've seen, there was supposed to be 5 chapters of the game but only 1 full chapter is present. Chapter 2 has about five or so main missions and the rest are painful redos of previous missions but harder. In the end I just want to say that The Phantom Pain is true to it’s name, it gives me a phantom pain to think about how much was lost and wasted in this game."
76561198053714128,Recommended,287700,18335898,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Pergmen,You're pretty good.
,Not Recommended,287700,18011367,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,TasteTheMusic,"I absolutely adore this game. I've never felt more in control of how I approach things. The development of items is great, so are the missions and plot and so on.I want to love this game but what absolutely the immersion and enjoyabality of the game are FOB's. Online bases that can not be opted out of and are completely necessary if you want to enjoy/access the end game in a reasonable amount of time otherwise you have to farm all s, s+, and s++ for R&D which is no easy task. These online bases can be raided at any time and they can kill and steal anything they want including mother base minerals, and just as important your staff. So say you decide to go on vacation for a weak, you could very well come back to a stripped base and very low level staff levels.This could all be solved by simplying implementing something to opt out of the online part but still use the FOB otherwise you will have a bad time trying to level your departments and not being stripped clean if you decide to not log on all the time."
76561198044003291,Recommended,287700,18347715,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,DatGuy,its okay I guess
,Recommended,287700,18390961,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Pie,"In the Metal Gear Solid saga, it's very common to reach a point where you start to wonder how much weed or LSD did Hideo Kojima do to come up with certain things. This game is no exception.We have clearly passed that point.Seriously speaking, however, this game is excellent, pretty damn great gameplay and tons of content besides the main storyline to keep you entertained for, at least, 50 hours.History wise, in the metal gear solid saga, I see this more as a way to tie up loose ends and explain things which were previously left open in the combined story from the previous games. And while on it, The Phantom Pain does a rather excellent job at it, with the standard dose of Kojimatic ""What the ♥♥♥♥"" included.On itself, I'd say this is definitely a fun and worthy experience, and you should definitely grab it and play through it at any possible time. However, to fully contemplate and appreciate the story in this game, it's absolutely necessary to play or at least watch through the story of all previous metal gear solid games."
,Not Recommended,287700,18508569,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Quantitative Easing,"Are you a fan of MGS 1-3?  Then you'll hate this game just as much as MGS4.  In as few words as possible, this is a $60 unfinished game.STORY:  I won't get too much into this because spoilers, but expect some awful retcons to MGS3.  I know Kojima games are never expected to have good storytelling, but even by his standards the story is hilariously bad.  If you're upset that Hayter isn't voicing snake, don't worry.  He only has a bout ten lines of dialogue in the entire game.  The character's behavior is so inconsistent to the other games they feel like completely different people.  Not to mention ocelot does nothing the entire game.  The main villian's voce actor is also pretty bad, but again, the story is so campy I'm willing to overlook it.  Also Quiet is blatant fapbait, which I wouldn't mind if not for the fact that Kojima claimed she'd be a landmark female character in videogames.GRAPHICS: I'm a big fan of the game engine in this game.  Even at 2x DSR, full ultra settings I get a consistent 60 fps.  Very efficient, very smooth game engine.  Very smooth, but apparently not powerful enough becauase mother base platforms  are placed miles apart, which makes travel annoying.GAMEPLAY:The biggest disappointment.  MGSV has the smoothest controls of any MGS yet, but other than that I can't find any redeeming qualities in the gameplay.The entirety of this game is a massive grind.  Mission after mission is nothing more than ""Fulton the prisoner/container/commander, or ""destroy these vehicles."" You do this again and again, crawling into outposts, fultoning everything, and then exfiltrate.  Rinse and repeat hundreds of times, and thats the game.  I'm sure there are people who can arguethere are an infinite number of ways to do these repetitive missions.  But I can't help but feel this is an excuse for the dev's laziness.Granted, there are some fun missions that actually feel like a MGS game.  There's only about five story-related missions that allow you entire big, indoor bases that actually feel like they were handcrafted, and its great.  Finally, some level design instead of copy-pasted buildings in the middle of nowhere.  But these missions are few and far between.  The mansion in the jungle is a great example of this, and really shows this game would be a thousand times better if it wasn't open world.I should also mention enemy AI is much simpler, probably because its hard to code pathing in an open world.  Sometimes I'll be standing right in front of a guard, and he'll continue to investigate the bush five feet behind me.  This happens quite a lot, if you just stop to look.Perhaps my biggest gripe is the fact that game is pretty casualized.  Health regenerates pretty quick.  No health bar.  The entire game is based around reflex mode, which is just a get out of jail free card.  I've tried playing with it off but guards are alerted instantly and its a massive pain being spotted by a sniper across the map and being forced to restart.  But with it on its stupidly easy to just tranq gun everyone one at a time, not caring about being spotted so long as there isn't an army of guards in one spot.  Even worse, the chicken hat.  If you lose a mission enough times, the game gives you the option of wearing it, letting you be seen 3 times before an alert is called.  Nothing irks me more than a game coddling bad players with a free ride, instead of forcing them to git gud.Oh, and chapter 2 is almost entirely just a hard mode re-do of Chapter 1.  This game has no business being $60."
,Recommended,287700,18695852,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,SiIvagunner,wheres the ending
,Recommended,287700,18962557,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ice Fox,Kept u waiting ha?
,Recommended,287700,18375161,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,-Fish,"For anyone that loved MGS3, the gameplay isn't quite as micromanagement focused. However the open ended nature of every mission is a blessing and curse. Without the same amount of detail crammed into the path the player is guarenteed to take, there can be times when things start to feel tedious. That said, the combat and stealth are incredibly satisfying making for a brilliant experience even using a mouse and keyboard.Highly recommended, but not my personal favourite Metal Gear Solid game in the franchise ( 9/10 )"
76561197970511170,Recommended,287700,18375652,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,atreus2k,one of the best games I have ever played. Runs flawlessy at 60fps at highest detail settings. highly recommend for any action game / stealth game fans
,Recommended,287700,18377156,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,element,"Never played any of the past Metal Gear's except for Ground Zeroes (Which came included as a pre-order bonus) and I have to say: This game is simply amazing, spent hours playing and I'll spend more. If you're a lover of the stealth element I highly recommend you to get it, you won't be disappointed. Just make sure you have a medium-end PC before getting it."
,Recommended,287700,18706248,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,migis senpai,"QUICK REVIEW: Not what I hoped for as a Metal Gear Solid fan or a general consumer, but this game manages to rope me back into playing as a stealth lover. A feat not many games this generation achieve.Recommended, BUT not at the full $60 retail value.SPOILER FREE!!! FULL Review Below=================METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN “""Not Bad, Just Disappointing""Preface and Review: My initial recollectionI suppose it would be arrogant to assume any game could live up to the hype driving games like Metal Gear Solid V, yet I feel it's appropriate to bring up how misdirected our hype was taken in the end result.To not beat the already beyond dead horse of post-speculation regarding what went wrong with this game, I can tell you some very satisfying pros to alleviate the cons I experienced in one of the most disappointing games I've had the great pleasure to experience. Beyond that, I'll expand upon the pros/cons with much more detail (in the unabridged version).===Pros vs Cons: What your sixty dollars is worth (and what it isn't worth)===(** - very important to note for long term value)(Y.M.M.V: your mileage may vary)PROS:- First MGS (and sadly the last) to focus on player agency****- Enemy AI is presented in a way that allows almost limitless possibilities for replay value (Y.M.M.V.)**- Runs on the most optimized game engine of 2015**- Breathtaking acting delivered by side characters (primarily Kaz)- Contains a handful of the most memorable franchise moments- FOB infiltration gameplay that truly exercises an online MGS experience**- Ties a very large franchise story plot hole together- (I would list MGO's entertainment value, but PC players have yet to try for themselves)CONS:- Repetitive mission nature in stark contrast to Ground Zeroes****- Open world presents unhealthy balance of incentive to explore it- Cut-content controversy (**Y.M.M.V.)- The ending twist's execution- Server issues related to FOB system- Leaves many players unsatisfied and craving for what could have been**- Great writing for Venom Snake amended for unjustified reasons=======Breaking It Down: What was said, what we gotAs stated earlier, the situation revolving around TPP's reception is something that has been talked about in great length.So on that note, let's review some of these fairly balanced pros/cons in a realistic perspective that matters to long time Metal Gear fans as well as consumers of the public.No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t melodrama and no forced perspective bias.When buying something, most people expect a product to function as advertised. Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain succeeds on the front of being a functional product; the gameplay is as advertised and clearly operates smoother than butter. Any reviewer disposition to their experience regarding satisfaction of gameplay is indicative of their personality.However, the bottom line is regarding the other 50% of this purchase (the story), this game is guilty of falling short of basic expectations and precedents based on the trailers.We were promised an industry challenging form of art, something that would do for video games what Breaking Bad did for television. The end result was narrative setups ending up nowhere, entire resolutions to franchise defining story elements being non-existent, full chapters of mission content not being present (despite being actually finished and included in the game data), and an ending that feels rather shoehorned for what it was trying to convey which could have been ultimately executed in a much more beautiful and satisfying way.Making Amends: What is a “game” worth and whyRealistically saying that you've been robbed of something to that end however, I believe to be conjecture. Not being all seeing beings with all pieces of the puzzle, we're only left conclusions to draw based on what people have discovered.The intrinsic value of narrative in games is something that has been a wide topic of interest in this industry as of the last 5 years as more and more games that present their stories as something players have agency over have spread massively to all kinds of gamers. I think this is something very critical to consider when judging The Phantom Pain in a review as the dramatic shift in player agency (in Metal Gear Solid specifically) has grown exponentially like nothing we've ever come to see from this franchise or any stealth game ever.Player agency is very rare to come by in this generation as video game enthusiasts have become bombarded by experiences that can be aptly put as mind-numbing and disrespectful of player's intelligence (an attitude developers have which assumes they must hold player's hands constantly), conveying of mechanics that sharply stick out as  limiting factors of creativity in how a player can approach something. Then, to much of the world's surprise, Mr. Kojima and the  team transformed Metal Gear from an on-rails delivery of narrative (not to its fault) into a game where from start and especially to the finish one can safely say they themselves are Big Boss, and have experienced a rare kind of game I believe everyone should experience even just once.Rewinding Time: Thinking of Metal Gear Solid in this “new form”To that end, it's easy to establish this game's core value as just that (the gameplay), giving us a fair way to scale a final verdict. Players will experience a thrill of ultimate freedom, being the mastermind of infiltration missions that gives your own flavor to the game. Lethal, non-lethal and the new riot weapons allow for expression of how a player feels enemies should be dealt with in a way past MGS games haven't done as shockingly well. Remembering my first game in the series (MGS), I was very strongly impacted by the abundance of lethal approaches the developers clearly intended for you to be taking rather than a pacifist approach. This experience imparted onto me a reinforcement of the character ""Solid Snake"", this fabled hero who conquered the island of Shadow Moses and performed so many epic feats that it's hard to believe. In that context, you are then presented that you are only Solid Snake, making the decisions and actions more relatable as you'd been placing yourself under his literally bred-for-war psyche.I had no such cloud cast over me as Venom Snake. All of my decisions and actions I had the freedom to make through the gameplay felt reinforced as your character development is much very left up to me (the player).Goodbye Metal Gear: Is it all worth itI suppose after considering everything I’ve discussed, this leaves me only able to get to brass tacks: should I buy this game, and if so why or why not?As much as I felt deprived of a truly cathartic experience in The Phantom Pain to see the downfall of Big Boss in the same way Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater offered me a wild ride into whimsy, I very much would recommend playing this game. There’s offerings in player agency that have not yet been realized in Metal Gear until now. The Forward Operating Base gameplay allows online play of battles bred in stealth as 1 on 1 infiltration versus defense. Metal Gear Online 3 continues to be a unique and fun twist on third person action shooters. You can attach C4 to a guard, wait for him to meet with his commanding officer, set it off and play Benny Hill over an in game MP3 cassette tape while doing so.This kind of fun justifies a purchase of The Phantom Pain to me, yet does not excuse the copious cut content and repetition in the main story. Buy this on a Steam Sale. What this is all worth in sale prices is up to you, Boss.In the famous words of Hal Emmerich, “I’ve got no more tears to shed.”…About the game I received, that is.Much like TPP, this review has cut content! I've abridged quite a few things. If you're interested, my full thoughts are readable here on this Pastebin link. (/eNruceFX)"
76561198018016232,Not Recommended,287700,18735591,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,General_Incompetence,Game was looking really good till it became clash of clans for PC. Keep your FOB offline to stop attacks but wait you lose the ability to use your GP points to research. Not to mention they spam you with go online crap to force you online so pay there insurance micro transactions.
,Recommended,287700,18815878,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Katheb,9/10 Great open world stealth game.Story lacking slightly for fans of MGS
,Recommended,287700,18903222,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Cute Little Jap Girl,"I had a great time with this game, the stealth was awesome and the gameplay was enjoyable. Although my save data became corrupt while I was 15 hours into the game (This crushed me) it seems they have fixed this issue and I played back through the game and still had a great time.If you are looking for a stealth game with an interesting stroyline (that's if you can understand what on earth is going on) you would definitley enjoy Metal Gear Solid V."
,Recommended,287700,18904248,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Reyja 187,"*Starts raining**See pile of Dirt**Roll in Dirt (Now Mud)*""I'm a slippery little Snaaaaake."""
76561198078628906,Not Recommended,287700,18950122,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,BooN,"do not buy this game, do not reward game companies with your hard erned money for games of this standard or they will keep making them.at first i thought wow this is pretty good and couldnt understand why others didnt like it. then it became very clear, the first chapter has some very good moments but the second chapter was a repeat of the first. it forced you to replay the same misssions again at a harder level to progress, only throwing the odd new mission in once you had completed them. you spend the entire game going back to the same spots doing the same mission throughout the game. save your money because i doubt fallout 4 will let its fans down as this game has."
,Not Recommended,287700,20122770,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,tdR,"I'll keep this review as short as possible.The game is pretty neat in Act 1. You adapt to an ""open world"" MGS game and actually come to love this new independent style of choosing your own missions and equipment. But once you reach Act 2 prepare to feel ripped of your money as you'll be thrown back into the missions of Act 1 with a ""harder difficulty"" setting; unnecessarily stretching the length of the game by backdrafting the player. This game is nothing more than cheap shooter with the MGS name on it and Konami knows it.DON'T BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198107568216,Recommended,287700,19658099,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Future Funk,Is relly gud
,Recommended,287700,19669444,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,WolfMoonlight,Buy this game.  Do it for Kojima.
,Recommended,287700,19808085,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,A Filthy Casual,The *Negative* Reviews have 60+ hours logged......Its so bad people can't stop playing it.
76561198064203806,Recommended,287700,19824308,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Assbepis,"People like to bash this due to it being unfinished and having what feels like the start and end of a story with no inbetween. And while these are massive flaws with the game it's important to remember what really matters in games, for them to be fun and ♥♥♥♥ me is MGSV fun. It's a perfect blend of openworld, stealth and action elements. Besides, we all know this is a pathetic excuse of an mgs game, but just play as someone other than snake, repaint your base and BAM, now you just have a perfect sim of owning your very own private military."
,Recommended,287700,19953832,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Difficulty Tweak,"never really played a metal gear game but this is really well optimizedi get 60fps with entry level hardware (270x, 8gb of ram, and an okay cpu)also, i was actually sick to my stomach for most of the prologue (WHICH TOOK OVER AN HOUR) and that was fun"
,Recommended,287700,20510069,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Pixel,"The single player is great,the mother bases are a ♥♥♥♥ing tamagochi and mgo is Counter Strike:the tps."
76561198044467128,Recommended,287700,20254003,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DEATH PENIS,WOOOOOHOOOOOAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,287700,20501907,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,wrin,"'EY, BOSS. CAN I HAVE A HAMBURGER, PLEASE.Actually.https://youtu.be/r6bX7IX4h9E"
76561198134378746,Not Recommended,287700,20720571,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Brain Dead 3000,"Not finished game, mission are recycled and it is very repetitive with a bar bones story. I bought it day one and I must say one of the worst metal gear games. also the credits after every mission cuts emersion completely. I believe it is one of the most loved games because of the drama that was going on with the developer and the head designer. pick this up if it goes on sale for like $15. but if you played the payed demo dont expect much more except mission are rinced and recycled with huge waiting times on getting in your chopper and credits."
,Recommended,287700,21155976,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,BlueSal,"So I have played MGSV for a few months now and MGO for a Month.MGS5 is definetly not your typical metal gear game. It brings back some of the basic elements of the franchise that we know and love and has added a few twists to it.Carrying on the story of naked snake (Big Boss) after the events of peacewalker/Ground Zeroes, this story rich experience will not leave you disappointed.In terms of gameplay, there are many ways in which you can play but I feel that the game does push towards a non-leathal playstyle as you want to capture as many soldiers as you can in order to grow your base (which still after months of playing is still growing). During missions I have found it does start to become a personal priority to capture as many soldiers as possible.The open world is a nice idea but I think the reality is that you're not going to utilise it. It just ends up becoming an inconvinience. Personally, I don't think I have used the open world that much, I simply do my mission then go back to motherbase and repeat.Side ops, extremely repetitive. After completeing all the side ops and looking at them now, it is just the same type of mission repeated 10 or 15 times it is really up to you to add entertainment value to it, so if you do plan on completeing all side ops, try using different playstyles each time.Now if you're a completionist like I am, there is very little chance you are going to complete each mission 100% in one try. In fact it is likely that it will take 3 or 4 attempts for you to get everything in a mission and complete it with an S rank. Now for some missions that is fine but considering that some of the missions can be very long, and there are some missions that you never want to do again when you've completed once, this can be a daunting experience.I would definetly recommened doing one run of the game but completing this game to 100% is going to take the average player an extremely long time.Now i'm not going to talk too much about FOBs and virtual leagues because there are so many issues with it that still haven't been resolved. My advice is, just stick to the FOB events if you're going to do it and don't invest in Virtual league because you will be disappointed.MGO.As an MGO veteran from MGO1 & 2 I will tell you guys this. The connection and lag issues have been inherited back into MGO3 so that will bring back some memories. I do not know why they brought back P2P when historically it hasn't worked for them, probably better for consoles.The general community's aggressive attitude has also come back, which is probably why there is no text chat, but never fear, there is the discussion pages for those who are eager to insult each other. Oh and the really eager ones will find a way to message you insults.They have also got rid of all the game modes you loved from MGO2.In all honesty. I think a terrible job has been done on MGO, not only was it released much later for Pc but it feels like 3/4s of the online is missing and the missing portions will be sold as ""Additional content"" when the oroginal version basically has nothing. This sales strategy angers me a little as there is so little content that it can hardly be called an online game.It is very entertaining but it just seems like it was all done in a rush and released as soon as they could. 3 game modes and about 6 maps, gets very repetitive. None of the maps really measure to the MGO2 maps, then again I might just be nostalgic.Another issue I have with the online is the lack of hair styles. All hairstyles are extremely short and the women cuts are frankly horrific. Considering that the single player already has a variety of hairstyles and those are not available online disappoints me.However, even though I have ranted about its issues it does have positives.Casual players have a chance to enjoy themselves as much as the pros as there is less emphasis on killing and the overall experience is well balanced.The game modes all have their own style and are dissimilar to those of previous games but they are successful in their own right.It is now much easier to buy clothing for your characters both in terms of gaining GMP and also the interface for buying.Ranks are achieved on a weekly basis which means they are reflective of how you played that week.Weapons are now in the form of loadouts which personally I prefer."
,Recommended,287700,20176433,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kangpark,"African Kids, Robots, Lewd Snipers, Animal Names, A dog, and Grade A Soldiers.Thanks Kojima 11/10 would meet african child soldiers again"
,Not Recommended,287700,20177518,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Professor Sqi,"The lack of keyboard support, the story didn't draw me in, the trolling at the start. I think the only positive I can give the game is that it looks pretty, which isn't praise, as its expected with gaming nowadays.Konami really messed up here.. Guess its just as well they split with Kojima. Wouldn't recommend it."
76561197983609959,Recommended,287700,20396700,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,sentient,Jack BauerChild AbuseA Mute StripperDrug Use11/10
,Recommended,287700,20668148,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mohd_PH,Not bad10/10
76561198067250866,Not Recommended,287700,20800260,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Bones,This review is for online only.Pros.NonCons.Everything.
76561198012357660,Recommended,287700,20903646,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,M i L k Y,Quiet's boobs>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
76561198027340034,Recommended,287700,21428775,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Itchy,"Cried like a b*tch because the game was over....Game wasn't over, cried like a b*tch again.11/10 because A HIDEO KOJIMA GAMEThis is a true masterpiece in every aspect!"
,Recommended,287700,17963616,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,I fultoned an African child soldier during a sandstorm and he laughed madly as he was sent to his death.Monster/10
,Recommended,287700,18204446,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Timay,Most people come to MGS for the ridiculous story. This game is very thin on the story but makes up for it in game play. this is probably the best open world game i've played and the MGS game with the most actual gameplay in it.  Cutscenes are few and far between but the misadventures you create are way more interesting.  I highly reccomend this game. 60+ hours in and i'm still doing side ops and get excited everytime i see an s rank or higher solider to recruit. This game will be very hard to beat for my game of the year.
76561197984145032,Not Recommended,287700,18742364,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[DFB] Shadur,"Great gameplay marred by forced online componentThis is the first MGS game I've played, and it's also sadly going to be my last.The game itself is *excellent* -- tactical espionage action in a near open world, with almost complete freedom in how to accomplish your objective, whether you go loud and kill everyone in your path, or sneak through and leave nothing behind but a few tumbleweeds where valuable materiel was supposed to be.If only Konami hadn't made the utterly stupid call to make the online FOB component entirely non-optional.I can see how people might like it, I can even see how it'd be interesting to try -- but the fact that I don't get the option of declining to have a nontrivial chunk of my resources and personnel vulnerable to being stolen by a random griefer permanently sours me on it. The fact that you're expected to spend real world money for ""MB coins"" to build those resources up further is just adding insult to injury.If this is the direction Konami's taking its games in, I'm going to head the other way."
,Not Recommended,287700,18483914,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,kruden,"This Phantom Pain not what MSG used to be. The stealth mechanics have become comical. There used to be so much stealth mechanics in the older MSG titles where are they now? Like foot prints you leave on the ground if you step on a puddle of water. Theres isn't much going on with the puddle and water in MSG V now. The water in MSG V don't look finished or polish, the rocks are the same color where the water touches them.I have gone back to Metal Gear Solid : Ground Zero and played an hour, an gosh the stealth mechanics is better ... though the graphics isn't as good ... but having nice graphics with bad mechanics ... hmmm what happened?The lousiest version of all MSG title till date I think. The graphics is nice ... but there are alot of nice looking games out there. MSG used to outshine them due to the stealth mechanics and smart enemy AI... now it feels like those AAA titles - e.g ""Assasin Creed"" that becomes real boring to go through till the end.If you haven't played previous version of MSG , you probably wouldn't be disappointed. But even comparing to the last MSG title release ""Ground Zero"" ... Phantom Pain is very lacking."
76561197998474082,Not Recommended,287700,18476126,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Lazy Lancer,"The game itself is good in its core. I mean the gameplay concept is metal and solid, it`s rich with features and small but important details which makes a huge room for improvisation during missions and variability. It just acts as if it should be this way in every game. Logical. Do this - get that. Drop a cargobox with equipment right at your location = get hit in the head with a box. Perfect.But the storytelling is bad. Very bad. As bad as broken with a big B. Like BIG BOSS but BIG BROKEN.The plot itself is interesting but the way the game gives it to you.... jeez, i`ve never seen a story-based game where storytelling is that bad.Chapter 1 looks pretty ok, though storyline gets constantly interrupted with random missions that have nothing to do with the plot. But it`s ok.But Chapter 2 is a complete disaster. It forces you to replay old missions that you`ve already completed but on a higher difficulty just to unlock the next cutscene related to the actual plot. And then you must play any 3 sidemissions to unlock another mission in the main line which may either be a ""plot mission"" or just another ""replay that old mission without any weapons"" thing.In addition to that, chapter 2 has very little to offer in terms of moving the plot, but it forces you to do many boring things to squeeze a little more of the story from this game.Also, main characters are empty, they don`t ever communicate outside of cutscenes, there`s almost nothing to do on motherbase, you can`t interact with other main characters.Snake and his comrades make absolutely weird decisions throughout the game. Should they be more sane, chapter 2 wouldn`t be there at all to be honest.And the ending. The game is not finished. There`s no actual ending. The story is not complete but left somewhere in the middle. Snake hasn`t actually achieved anything. It`s like watching a classic Star Wars movie that ends right at the moment where the rebels decide to attack Death Star. Or like Lord of the Rings that stops at the moment Frodo gets to the gates of Mordor. Like Terminator 2 that finished at the moment Terminator meets John Connor.I do want to put this game a positive mark, as the gameplay is nice, but for giving us a fake second half of the game i gladly give this a thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,287700,18495120,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ChubberJ,I can't say the game is bad. It's just not fun. Don't buy full price.
,Recommended,287700,25001925,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,prometheus,10/10 Masterpiece
,Recommended,287700,26303485,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sonicbest™,"Let's start of with the beginning by saying I sadly never played any other Metal Gear Solid games up until I wrote this review so I will mainly focus this titel of the series.What a beautiful game.Starting with gameplay:The gameplay is great with so many different weapons, vehicles, gadgets and missions.Besides main story you got various side missions you can do which I spend the most time with in these +90 hours.By doing side missions you gain more GMP which is the ingame currency to upgrade for better equipment not only for yourself but also for your partners which will help you on your missions.Better equipment, more fun and easier missions.So simply said I prepared for the worse that will probably come by continuing the story. (I still did not finish the story in those +90 hours. Fell in love with the side missions..)Also what I like is the staff management that makes side missions way more interesting. Simply explained you can recruit staff members and bring them to your motherbase to get better equipment, more information for each mission and more. Later in the game you can send your staff to do there own missions to disable the production for like helmets or mines for a short amount of time to make your missions easier. But beware of specific staff members that are troublemakers, just get rid of them. (Check every staff member closely, even after getting new ones.) They will hurt your other staff members or sicken them which will lead into staff mangle and your LVL of each section will drop.You can also decide if you wanna sneak a mission or go loud anytime. That makes it up to you how you want to handle missions. (Some missions will your force to do a specific way so be ready for anything.)Really great game and would recommand anytime.Update [2.10.2017]I played MGS 1-4 up until today and can understand why people dont like this game too much. Story weaker in MGS V unlike pervious MGS the story was very solid (pun intended) and made more sense in a way. After finishing MGS V I was not only left with questions what MGS games are supposed to do, leaving you with many questions, but I was extremly confused why the game ended how it ended. Its hard to write into words but the story feels like the biggest part is just gone like the current MGS V we have is like 600%ish of what the full story is supposed to be. It makes me really sad but by all means this MGS is wonderful and I enjoyed and still enjoy every minute of it. There is one ending on the collectors edition which was not a offical thing for everyone but that ending made sense and gave us the fans a better ending of the game. If you havent checked out the ending yet I highly recommand you to do so on youtube.I just wish Konami wouldnt be such big a**holes they are and ended this franchise like this.."
,Recommended,287700,18093616,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,GARFIELF,"Best gameplay in the series.Worst story in the series.You get a dog, would recommend."
,Recommended,287700,18127816,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Little,Because it deserves another good review. 10/10.
,Recommended,287700,18122991,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,GingerGuy,played as a half dressed womenslicing mens throatswhile maneater plays in the backgroundrate 10/10plus the story is great is ashame the last chapter was cut
76561198036534636,Recommended,287700,18123159,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,PryingTheThirdEye,"An increidlbe steath game, but a god-awful Metal Gear Solid game."
,Recommended,287700,18119363,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Nairu,"As a game in itself it's expectacular gameplay wise, as a Metal Gear Solid game it's really not the best in the series.Story comes and goes with some very short and randomly placed cutscenes and most of it is told by listening to cassette tapes which are better than the codec conversations I guess, but after mgs3 and 4 I expected a lot better. Speaking of story, it is unfinished (we can thank Konami for that), so if you are looking for any closure on the series you won't find it here.Repeated dialogue every time you fulton someone or destroy X or Y key structure gets really old really fast and  85% of the game is filler.But all of this is coming from a metal gear fan so if you are just looking for an awesome stealth game experience I could not recomend Metal Gear Solid V more."
,Recommended,287700,17834685,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Tiger,"Ok, we knew its  gona be good.But this is incredible!!!10000/10!MGS fans = MUST BUY!!!p.s. and I've seen all the materials before release. The game blow me out of the water anyway.Thank you Maestro.A true Hideo Kojima Game!"
,Recommended,287700,17859137,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,COMPATRIOTS,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,34164330,Posted: 11 August,all,RexSol,⠀
76561197961132745,Recommended,287700,17842464,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Metal Grave,A Hideo Kojima Game.
76561198043305198,Recommended,287700,17843282,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sneezing,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17839761,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Shane Moffatt,"This review is not a review, it is simply to let anyone who reads it, or a friend to know this;This game, is the best game ever, this is not a joke, over-exaggeration or hype induced statement but a truthfull sentence from a Metal Gear Solid fan.This is not a lie - it is the best."
,Recommended,287700,30505930,Posted: 14 March,all,WinAce,"I really don't know. It's fun. It's Metal Gear. But something is off. I don't know whether to thumb this up or down (As much as I hate 1-10 point scales, the ""Yes or No"" binary that Steam provides is much more inaccurate), mostly because of Konami's douchiness conflicting my wonderful experiences with this game.About everyone by now knows this game is basically Peace Walker on a grander scale, and done in a much more polished way. Its stealth is wonderful, and the AI is top-knotch, it has those wonderful stats for the peopel who care/want to give themselves self-imposed challenges.On the other hand, I will not claim like others that the story was unnecessary. It's unfinished and feels amateurish, but admit it, the entire Metal gear series sounds like the ramblings of someone who developed conspiratorial beliefs after taking one term of Political Science 101 in community college. That's why we love the story. It's so damn narmy and stupid. But not enough to challenge our willing suspension of disbelief.The story here, however, takes itself too seriously. People believe we blindly worship Kojima (who of course, is NOT perfect, or so I believe for reasons), however, imperfections inside, the game was written by him, sure, but with so much executive meddling the entire thing feels empty, like a fanfiction. I do not look forward to the series outside of Kojima's reign, and  cannot explain why verbally.I recommend this game reluctantly, as it will give them the funds to destroy the series with the Metal Gear Survive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but the gameplay is still the most polished in the entire series. It will also let you know why the series is doomed without Kojima with its dullish story (I do hope I'm wrong, however)"
,Recommended,287700,18358345,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Astery,"The Greatest and Oddest Child sprawling from Hideo Kojima vs Konami conflictThe Phantom pain is real.Metal Gear Solid: The Phantom Pain (shortened as TPP for the rest of this review) at its core provides the most impressivly fun and accessible, deep and dynamic gameplay ever seen in a stealth action combat sandbox to date.The evolvement of MGS5 doesn't just stop at improving AI and refining the action combat clumsyness that was in previous MGS titles.Gameplay (Offline)From reconnaissance, planning and executing your infiltration, to the methods of dealing with every encounters, getting away from the hot zones- there are many absolutely viable ways and angle to tackle it. Go loud? lethal killing everything in sight? Sure, it is all up to you as to how you want to play. And what TPP excels in is how every way is fun and enjoyable, and you can discover and learn new mechanics that are meaningful and deepens what you can do with the new discoveries, just by experimenting and having fun. Just a well known example: shooting exposed electronic equipments with a water pistol disables them. It is silent in oppse of blowing them up with a C4 for example. This opens a whole new ways of possibilities that's up to your imagination.The dynamic difficulty of the game starts to play in and doing the same things over and over again would make enemies respond to that, and often you will have to spice up what you were doing previously to overcome the feedback challenges as you are settling in your old ways. For example, doing many headshots would eventually make them wear helmets. It would be more difficult to deal with them as you have a increasingly smaller target area to hit, hence you could experiment with other approaches. After even more head shots riot helmets and armors are thrown at you. Where common conventional fire arms are largely doing nothing against them. combining with some missions' more open world design aspect and dynamic systems such as weather, enemy and objects shifts during different time periods, the gameplay still hardly ever feels dull after well after 150 hours or experimenting with all that's available to me.StoryThe narrative and its structure is perhaps the weakest aspect in TPP, partly also due to the sandboxy nature of mission structures, things feels largely disconnected to what you achieved especially with side objectives connections during main missions.Some characters supposedly to be having some sort of impact in the main story basically came out from no where and disappears as fast as they go. There feels like there should be at least some story context or missions that explain things with more context. And no they aren't related to other MGS titles. Such as why a certain key character loves another all of a sudden without any context?Ralph? Who is Ralph? Oh that person suddenly has a name out of no where and we are suppose to care huhThe game's story also sort of ends after chapter 1. there are clearly an intended unfinished story to wrap things within TPP better but many of the loose ends left hangs loose without a satisfactory closing. Only the ""truth ending"" and another arc line was barely there to conclude two story arcs. If feels like it's around the time after chapter 1 that Konami's restructuring consequences is affecting the development and budget of TPP that Kojima requires to create what he wanted to make, and we as the end users are left around with the fallout of this restructure to feel the Phantom Pain from the game itself.Forward Operating Base (FOB)Not to be confused with Metal Gear Online, FOB is the major online component in TPP that forces itself on the single player experience layer and they are intertwined. This component is basically about invading other player's FOBs and steal their resources and/ or staff. And no one is safe even if you are not playing the game and offline, you can still get invaded as it's on Konami's servers. (As of patch 1.04, now you can purchase a ""FOB insurance subscription"" in game with MB coins- real life money currency)Staff in TPP (at of writing) mainly act as a level requirement gate. Better staffs fill the requirements more effectively within a set limit of how many staffs you have have in a base (mother base + FOB(s)). Meaning the more FOBs you have, the easier and faster it is to reach level requirements to develop things, and have better support on other fronts.Resoures are constantly consumed as you deploy better ranked equipments to missions, developing and constructing things.So what happens when you put the game down for may be a few months and pick it back up when both of the above assets you once had had been severly crippled by others and you have no control over unless you decided to never connect online? You can imagine that yourself.Don't get me wrong, the idea of a invading system is not bad, but the executions of such system in TPP is just plain terrible to both invaders and defenders. The system exists for trying to make you buy into microtransactions. This Konami's intention has further been clarified and amplified with patch 1.04 by splitting offline resources into both offline and online, with lowered offline cap limits and greatly increasing online cap limits. Players that choose to not connect are now further gimped to even tighter restrictions for no other reason than give Konami extra money.it comes to no surprise that with this mode comes inherited with some of the most disgusting and behaviour exploiting game design practices that is currently a popular free to play mobile game design philosphy that companies and free to play games rely on to making money.ConclusionMetal Gear Solid 5- ""Ground Zeroes"" and ""The Phantom Pain"" (as of writing) is caught right in the center of Konami's new direction of ""f*ck high budget low returns video gaming"" and Hideo Kojima's (Creator and director of MGS series, vice president of Konami Digital Entertainment until Konami's restructure) vision and evolution on the series. TPP reflects that conflict in the most bizzare and bipolar ways in certain system design choices. On one hand we have a game that brings out what AAA gaming experience should be about- high budget polished, attention to details and satisfying premium experience in gameplay; on the other we have a glaring free to play game mechanics in every corner of the game just waiting for its chance to strike. With Hideo Kojima's battle lost and out of Konami's and Metal Gear Solid's future, the updates and sequels that MGS and TPP will undoubtely get would increasingly geared towards Konami's new direction, and that leaves me a phantom pain of what the future the franchise could become other than milking and pachinko machines.For the current FOB system defenders:Yes direct contracts, that's only gonna keep approximately 1/10 of your staff safe in normal situationsOpting out from the get go or performing procedures to exploit holes in the system/ save scumming/ cheat engines are just avoiding to solve the actual issue. They are not solutions to disgusting design choices that has no reason to be in a fully priced product. How FOB exactly functions was unclear and underplayed by Konami, as they are fully guilty about doing so. The downplay of online and resource split change in patch 1.04 is another guilty charge."
,Recommended,287700,17840851,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,sykky,yes
76561198034740265,Recommended,287700,17958728,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Bizarro lexilogo,"THIS REVIEW CONTAINS NO SPOILORZ FOR THE PLOT. DON'T FREAK OUT!I have no past history with Metal Gear Solid. My only involvement with the series past was watching a playthrough of Metal Gear Solid 3, and I was on the verge of tears given how much it entertained me (I can't get enough of Ocelot's meows in that game. It's just so bloody amazing).This review is coming from a stealth game junkie who is trying MGS for the first time. So, what did I think?PLOTStupid. Exactly what I expected. It's all coated in a mildly believable tinge (For an alternate history universe, at least), but it's still at times hillariously over-the-top. Some view the believability stuff as ""Mood swings"" or a problem; For me, it makes the stupidity even funnier. If you never liked the crazy stuff in Metal Gear stories, don't expect the game to get more serious. It never goes full crazy, and it never goes full serious. It's a unique blend that many enjoy, but isn't for everyone.If there's one thing I can compliment about the plot without any spoilers, it's the use of cutscenes and extended lore. Apart from the infamous introduction, most cutscenes aren't overly long and can be skipped whenever the player wants. Even stuff that isn't neccessarily ""Extended Lore"" is placed into cassette tapes you can play at your leisure. If you want to understand the plot, listening to these is effectively mandatory (Though it doesn't get in the way of the game, you can listen and play the game at the same time), and I'm grateful it isn't all explained in a 15 minute cutscene.Overall, the plot's solid, but many will dislike it. Be prepared for stupidity and, well, Japan, and you should be fine. The plot does trail off at the end of the game, but the ending does feel pretty damn nice if you ask me.PRESENTATIONGraphics are obviously good, as you can tell via looking at the trailers. Overall texture quality, especially on faces and facial features, is extremely good all-round. As for the music, it's generally ""Alright"". I've never had a moment when I've significantly remarked on the music (That wasn't some form of remix of an existing track). The game's cassette tapes also serves as a music player, and additional tracks serve as a form of collectable item. The in-game music often reacts to what's going on, such as a guard noticing you, the area going on alert, ecetera. As for the general styling of the game, I have no complaints.PC PORT/OPTIMISATION/GLITCHESMostly good, though there are some holes. The PC port's only problem I've stumbled across is that some of the controller icons are that of a gamepad when I was using a keyboard and mouse, and from what I can tell the entire Controls screen is also designed for a gamepad. (This has since been fixed)As for optimisation, I have zero problems. My PC is hardly an incredible powerhouse, and it ran this game completely fine with no issues regarding framerate or so on. I didn't even have to tinker with the graphical settings to get it to work right out of the proverbial box.GAMEPLAYObviously, it's a Metal Gear Solid game, and that means Tactical Espionage Action. If you don't like stealth games, odds are you won't like this game; You can go full on shooty-shooty if you want, but that brings a lot of challenges to the table and is rarely the ideal way to play, not to mention it won't get you very good rewards or high scores, or any street cred for that matter.The game is open world, but many object to the fact that the open world has a LOT of cliffs. I will say the game's world opens up a bit more later on (That might sound like a cheap excuse, but there is a second area in the game, and in my experience it has less huge cliffs than the first one).I do think, however, people saying the cliffs makes it not a ""Real"" open world is utter nonsense myself. Additionally, there's a decent amount to do (There are side missions to do, and every base can be invaded if and when you want to). The open world is not a significant part of the game, but it's what you'd expect from an open-world stealth game. Don't go into this expecting something on the scale of Skyrim; The open world is not a focus of the game. Not every open-world has to be GTA, and MGS V (Unlike Watch_Dogs and some others) understands it doesn't have to or need to be GTA.The major mechanics are Mother Base and the Fulton Balloon systems. Mother Base is your base that you can upgrade and man with soldiers, obviously. This isn't a huge review, so I can't go too in-depth on it, but what I can say is that Mother Base and the microtransactions present NEVER get in the way of the main game. The microtransactions are never advertised to you, and Mother Base never demands you reach some specific level to progress further.Upgrading Mother Base, however, in turn indirectly upgrades you. A better R&D Department will allow you to research better and more varied weapons as well as upgrade your existing arsenal; Not to mention different items and utilities. A better Intel Team will give you vague information on enemy locations and numbers in advance, allowing you to potentially avoid bad situations and makes reconnissance far easier. A better Support Team will give you access to more things such as airstrikes, ammo drops and so on to help you in the field. A better Combat Team will grant you more cash and resources to do all of the above.Mother Base and gathering materials also never felt intrusive. I never had to go out for the explicit purpose of gathering supplies; Just keeping an eye out on missions is more than enough. You can even upgrade and manage Mother Base while in the field, as well as support it via Fultoning additional soldiers/wildlife. Doing so gets you additional personnel for Mother Base, each with their own proficiencies in different aspects that will determine what they're best at in the base, as well as some of them having a special skill that can effect all kinds of things, such as morale (Positively or negatively), new research opportunities, or even the well-being of their co-workers.As for general gameplay compared to other MGS games, I can't say much due to this being my first. What I can say is that the combat appears to be far less clunky (Especially with a mouse, aiming is quick and responsive), and that the open world allows you to freely infiltrate bases (Additionally, bases will scale; I've returned to old areas only to find more professional guards and finding them using new tactics such as decoys, mines, ecetera) in a pretty fun way.SUMMARYThis game will not appeal to everyone. I can even see Metal Gear fans disliking the open world and story aspects of the game. If, however, you are ready to deal with corny writing (Or possibly even see that as a draw to the game like I did), stealth gameplay, and the new structure of the Phantom Pain, I can recommend it for a purchase. Either buy it full price, or follow the oh-so walked path of waiting for a sale.POST REVIEW EDIT: I've beaten the game now, and I'm on about 80% completion. May as well update the review to include my thoughts as to what they've added and my new perspective (I've also removed and edited the review to better reflect the game's current state):-The lategame content urge is satisfied not only by the stupidly high amount of Side Ops for you to do, but also FOB gameplay. FOBs have stupid high rewards, and the higher leveled ones have a stupid high difficulty to match.-FOB horror stories are generally extaggerated. Sure, I've lost staff members and resources, but they're generally earnt back tenfold by successful FOB defenses and you invading FOBs yourself.-Snake screaming ""ROCKET PUUUUNCH!"" never, EVER gets old. Trust me."
,Recommended,287700,31757171,Posted: 14 May,all,died,PRETTY GOOD
,Recommended,287700,17896067,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Dont Worry,"This game is amazing, will get back to fully reviewing it later"
,Recommended,287700,17870695,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Rikimtasu ZMC,A Hideo Kojima Game.
76561198024316857,Recommended,287700,17826868,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ditsydoo,"For all the folks saying a hideo kojima game, its all over the intro boys and gals."
76561198068238827,Recommended,287700,17832336,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Kaz Fiddler,"A Hideo ""GOD"" Kojima game!!!"
,Recommended,287700,17836229,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Satire is Dead,"Can throw myself into the sea during early tutorial, still a solid Metal Gear game. It's pretty good. 19/10 I g n d ot c om :^)FOB on PC can be hit or miss due to rampant cheating brought on from unprotected memory values.Wow. Time to update the review from a first impression to a poorly thought out and unedited one.I wish Konami hadn't interfered so directly with this game. It is partly what I believe may have created the gaps in it. There absolutely is filler content toward the endgame. There are many aspects that I feel are inferior to MGS3 and Peacewalker, but many that have made a very digital game into a very fluid experience.I highly recommend this game, and as a fan, I am satisfied with the story as a whole.Still, I feel it was lacking in character interaction that was so prominent in the other titles, and the number of gameplay gimmicks as well. The variety in bosses is considerably smaller, but there are still so many things to do.This game is great, but it could've been legendary. 29 stars out of 10"
,Recommended,287700,17841976,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,XAN MAN,"Thanks a lot, Kojima."
,Not Recommended,287700,18070312,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Manny Talcs,Ugh...
,Recommended,287700,17952563,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,DAllenT,"Review From Someone Who's Only 10% FinishedI've been playing for more than 30 hours, and it says I've gotten almost 10% through the game. I'm having a blast, and I can tell that I'm going to be having more fun in the future. I have combat buddies that aren't ready to enter the battlefield with me yet. I have a helicopter that doesn't blast David Bowie's funk at my enemies yet. Most of the missions I finished, weren't completed perfectly... and I want them completed perfectly.What I love about this game:Afghanistan is a beautiful country, and remains believable as a non-stop warzone.The wedding singer had a great soundtrack.Being a Mercenary Ninja Cowboy just feels right to me.When the game starts to feel complicated, I enjoy it, since the life of Big Boss WOULD be complicated.Punching a donkey until it passes out, and then launching it into the sky with a balloon makes me a hero in the eyes of the virtual animal rights activists.Bad guys react to the way I attack them. Headshots? They start wearing helmets. Sneaking in the dark? They start carrying flashlights!The opportunity to try things in different ways is almost overwhelming. Less than 5% into the game I was already thinking of ways I'd like to go back and do it differently. Why hit everyone with stun darts, when I can just wait until the guard changes, or why not throw a bunch of grenades into a random ravine and go steal their loot when they go to check it out? WHY NOT?When it comes to stealth, everything matters. Weather matters. Shade matters. Camoflage matters. Noise matters. Stance matters. Hell even taking a shower before missions matters. But it doesn't give you a big ugly graph saying how hidden you might be. Nothing tells you how visible you are until a guard notices you and goes ""Hmm?"" I'm a grown man playing hide and seek by myself, and it's thrilling.You don't have to grind for better recruits, or more materials, or better guns. But you can if you want to.And it should go without saying that the game runs very smoothly.Things that bother me:Civilians are either tied up or dead somewhere. You rescue a few, but there are no civilians populating the entire map of Northern Kabul's empty houses. Now, this might actually be accurate, since I have never travelled to Northern Kabul, but open worlds feel pretty empty without a conversation here and there.Speaking of conversations, while the cut scenes and audio logs have plenty of Kiefer Sutherland material, there isn't enough in game dialog to convince me that Kiefer is actually BigBoss/Snake. It's not a bad casting, you just have to constantly remind yourself who you're listening to on the tapes you find.Travelling to your Mother Base is recommended, and I love going there to see it, but getting around the place can take forever after you've built it up some. Even the helicopter ride takes a minute or two to switch platforms.There are a ton of recruits out there, and when you get a good one, you want to learn more about them. Unfortunately they are mysterious cool mercenaries with nothing to define them but the skills they bring to the team, and the honor they feel to work beside you. It's still awesome, just less awesome than finding out that they wanted to be an actor once, but their dad never supported them, so they started shooting people for a living.You can't make your helicopter ANY color. You can make it lots of different colors, but not ANY color.I have played almost every metal gear solid title (excluding peacewalker unfortunately), and in each one the story made less sense. Nothing has changed here. I still love the cut scenes though.They tried to make the girl sniper ""sexy"" and they made her ""distressingly erotic"". Can't wait for the cosplay.Every mission ends with credits that move too fast to mean anything to the story (even though they list character names), but don't actually contribute to my knowledge of the game in a favorable way either. They're just credits telling me how much Hideo Kojima did on this game. Apparently he was a part of producing every mission. Go figure.Conclusion:All of the negatives are so vastly outweighed by the fun I am having with this game, that I am beginning to worry about whether I will eat or sleep enough this month. Also, there is launching animals into the sky with balloons.The end."
,Not Recommended,287700,17981478,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Sopmik,It was pretty good until it got ♥♥♥♥♥♥.The story is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. Gameplays good though.
,Recommended,287700,18064182,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Noble Luna,"Honestly, the most fun I've had in a game this whole year."
,Recommended,287700,26781583,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Source_16,This game was played on a damn fiddle .
76561198003480136,Not Recommended,287700,18422979,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Monty,"Great gameplay.  Very polished.  The ambition here was very great and it's clear the team working on it was very in love with their work.The game is definitely unfinished and pushed out the door, No doubt as a result of the falling out between Kojima Productions and Konami.  I've put a lot of hours into this game and enjoyed it but I can't reccomend it to a friend, knowing that early ""boot camp"" reviews were just a smokescreen to conceal what would come out eventually."
,Recommended,287700,18543473,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,BeatsHoven,"6/10, this game is not all it's hyped up to be but is still pretty good by todays standards. Lacking trademark long and epic cutscenes of the Metal Gears series but still has a few memorable scenes thrown in. Story is contradictory, characters are weak portrayals of their future/past selves. FOB System is poorly integrated into the rest of the game, and once you've completed all the main missions you'll be focusing primarily on your FOB, game becomes a grind. A few bugs that are annoying such as continuing to run in the same direction when not pressing anything.Stealth system is very forgiving, allows you to clutch the situation without dying or failing like a ♥♥♥♥♥ every 5 minutes which can make a game annoying/ruin immersion.AI is not as smart as its hyped up to be, go watch videogamedunkey on YouTube he takes the enemy ai/game mechanics/physics and compiles it into an amusing compilation. Not something you'd expect from a game where all the reviews state the ai and stealth system is revolutionary."
,Recommended,287700,19012080,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,nikko,i like it <3
,Recommended,287700,19197537,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,xBlitzerx,"Gameplay:It's repetitive but solid (hehe). The movement and shooting mechanics are spot on. There is a TON of content. I don't agree with all the design decisions. (Time gates, FOB, recycled missions). Still, it's very fun and enjoyable.Story: First off. This should NOT be MGS5 and I don't think it is. None of the previous MGS games have used Roman Numerals. Yes V is for Venomous. But I think Mr. Kojima is messing with us. This is another Peace Walker. It's another tale in the story of Big Boss after Operation Snake Eater leading up to Metal Gear 1. There is a lot of story but it's just not told in the classic Metal Gear Solid/Kojima way. Which I'm not a fan of.Overall:If you're a Metal Gear fan, it's a must play. If you like open world games with the option of stealth or guns blazing, wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,287700,19393620,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,B.A.,"Honestly, all that money and dev time spent and I'm re-doing the same missions on a different difficulty? That and the unimmersive HUD details are a real let down, go back to mgs3, been downhill since then."
,Recommended,287700,19514770,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,GachiMuchi,420 smoke phantom cigar everyday
,Recommended,287700,19166718,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,v00b,"An Objective look into Metal Gear Solid: The Phantom Pain. [STORY SPOILER FREE][This review will be addressing issues surrounding the negativity and positive mostly conflicting viewpoints that have divided the MG community, TL;DR at end for potential buyers]So MGS:TPP considers itself a prequel to the main narrative of MGS more than a self containing story, which dissapointed a lot of people expecting the usual quality of MGS story-driven gameplay to be the main focal point, instead what we got was a mix-up of story-based missions and rebrands of ""filler missions"" which don't lend anything to the actual story of the game, Which leads the game to have an ""identity crisis"" midway through and fail to cure itself by games end.MGS:TPP can be understood better with prior knowledge to the whole MGS universe and the events that unfold, Kojima has left a lot of things upto the players interpretations of the events more than they explain it themselves through character development and story-telling, this can be considered both genius and lazy depending what side of the fence you are sitting on, one thing most people will agree on is the story wasn't paced well, this is primarily due to time constraints which caused large chunks of core gameplay/story to be cut and left on the editing floor, this is very apparent when you hear soldiers referencing content that isn't there or from old trailers of the game advertising content that never made it, there was supposedly a full Chapter 3 cut out but the evidence to say it was a full functioning chapter is very little, mostly from what we see it was designed to be a few missions in a reskinned ""africa"" setting from Chapter 2 where we end up fleshing out the ""missing links"" of MGS:TPP and the fate of our endevours throughout, it's a shame it never came into fruition.The fundamental core gameplay is what makes this game shine, remember the stealth games of old? Remember when you used to wish the game had more options for you to play with, well MGS:TPP does not dissapoint in this aspect, you will soon find yourself potentially overwhelmed even by the sheer amount of options and scenarios that can play out during any given mission, the game itself plays out in an adaptive difficulty sertting which is to say the guards adapt and learn your tactics;Consider yourself a killer? The guards will start deploying heavy armor and shields to combat your lethal playstyle.Are you a surgeon of stealth? The guards start wearing Night-vision goggles and carrying flashlights, also they will move in larger groups/more unpredictable.Like to tranq first, question later? Guards will wear face-plates with their helmets, eliminating the easiest weakspot to target for an instant tranq shot.There are a plethora of different situations the guards will actively notice and combat, your gameplay effects the easiness of the game and the idea itself has great potential but the implementation is still ""barebones"" considering the power of modern computer gaming algorithms/logic.The ""development"" system leaves a lot to be desired, it's quite simple in design and KJP tried to give it more character by slapping on mundane costs and criteria for completing them, the game can be played throughout in the purest form, grade 1 tranq and grade 1 AK so by mission 5-6 you already start to feel like it's irrelevant to your game which leaves a sour taste in most peoples mouth, it's nice to have the option to play with other guns but for such a large portion of the game being taken up by developing weapons to use in the field without any real purpouse behind it the system quickly falls short of its predecessors, again you can easily run the game with your starting equipment if you consider yourself a ""talented' gamer, this makes the overall ""development"" system trivial beyond aesthetics and progression [Though deployment isn't tied to main progression, it does come into use during FOB play but i'm not going to be reviewing the multiplayer aspect here].Overall, the game leaves a lot to be desired, cut content and pacing issues are the main glaring focal point people are basing their opinions off, i think the 10/10 scores across the boards were a product of testers playing demos and not the full release, a game cannot get perfect scores on gameplay alone and MGSV is no exception.With that being said, my personal opinion is the gameplay makes up for lack of ""standalone"" story and character development, if you are longing for the story of MGS i suggest playing the older games first, or even Ground Zeroes.If you are looking for a cookie-cutter stealth action game look no further, this is the cream of the crop at this current time in terms of gameplay, it's everything you expected from the genre bundled into a beautiful, responsive, bread and butter engine.Personal score - 8.5/10.TL;DR - Pacing issues and irrelevant development system were an unfortunate side-effect of the industry, i fully believe the game deserved 10s based off what the reviewers actually got, but as a finished product it indeed sold itself as something it wasn't/used to be.Buy this game if you are looking for a comprehensive stealth/action game, games like splinter cell on steroids.Don't buy this game at full price if you expect a full standalone MGS story and just want instant gratification after every action you take."
76561198086489761,Not Recommended,287700,20585728,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,nagulnov86,"There is two things about this game.1 The technical realization is great:- state of the art graphics and good animations;- neat vocalization: russians speak in russian (thats for sure) and afrikans speak in afrikaans (probably, i do not speak afrikaans);- good optimization of the game which made loading very quick;- good looking weather effects and surroundings;- decent reaction of enemies on threat (not so good though);- interesting game mechanics.2 Storyline is a complete nonsense- this game have a serious problems with realism, the very first mission will make you start asking questions ""How?"" and ""Why?"", and it's only begining;- characters behavior is very freaky (i mean VERY freaky), hard to imagine what motivations characters must have to perform certain actions;- after 40% of story there will be a lot of missions, that are repetition of the old missions on harder difficulty. This is really disappointing;- too much patriot crap - saluting and ""we all love you boss"" things (first i think that this is for kids, apparently they love this crap, but there is a lot of stuff for adults only), this is just looking ridiculous;- there is also weird how background characters react in certain situations.So, we got here a great open-world sandbox with a very crappy storyline. Speaking for myself, i'm getting tired of any kind of sandbox pretty fast. If there is no decent story there is no point in playing.This game could be really good if there was more solid story with the same game mechanics. Still worth trying it, but i recommend to wait until it's on at least 50% sale."
76561198001707532,Recommended,287700,25502250,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Go-Hideyosi™,"Apogee of the series that has the best things of the game series. Beautiful graphics that don’t require strong PC. Cute setting – Africa almost like in Far Cry. Game mechanics for the taste of the player – u will never get bored of killing. Controls on keyboard are trash, but who plays without gamepad? Ethics are very high – we should deny New Testament and order Newest from Kojima.Международная надправительственная террористическая преступная группировка явно фашистского толка, набранная из отбросов со всей планеты. Цель: захват контроля над миром. Средства: убийства (в т. ч. массовые), похищения людей, теракты, диверсии, изощренные пытки пленных (в т. ч. женщин), избиения детей, разработка и производство оружия массового поражения. Главари – мало похожие (внешне и ментально) на людей существа, снедаемые слепой жаждой мести. Организация-монстр, будящая в сознании призраки нацистского режима, опричнины и Гуантанамо.Главный герой борется с этим чудовищем? Нет, он его возглавляет. Все вышеперечисленные проявления гуманности вы будете лицезреть (и активно в них участвовать) двести часов. Встречайте [барабанный бой]: Змей-большая-шишка и его подельники: колченогий гестаповец и ковбой-махновец, а также шестерки помельче – отпетые мерзавцы из банды DD – даймонд догс; в русском переводе – ББ (бриллиантовые блоховозы). Впрочем, зачем они вообще нужны (кроме казней и пыток), не совсем понятно – всю работу будет выполнять один Босс (точнее, вы за него). Вы будете красться и убивать, убивать и красться, а кроме того: бить, пытать, насиловать, угонять, похищать. То есть, делать все то, что вам так хотелось, но мама не разрешала. Причем похищение обставлено до гениальности просто: все уворованное вы отправляете на базу… воздушным шаром! От нужных «специалистов» (например, по пыткам), до танка и гаубицы. В архивах минобороны сохранился рапорт сержанта Антона Зайцева (ныне игровой журналист Гамовер) от 1984 года: «американский шпион похитил две шинели и мешок картошки, привязал к монгольфьеру и отправил прямиком в Пентагон; прошу списать как боевые потери».Что, Кодзима обкурился? Да как вы смеете, вашу мать? Он только сакэ себе позволяет. И то понемногу – полкоку за обедом, и столько же за ужином. Результат налицо. Вообще, если все вышеописанное не подвигло вас сесть за игру, добавлю: Опенворд (лично мне одного его было достаточно для покупки сабжа; со скидкой 80%, но это детали), свобода выбора и действий (не путать с сэндбоксом), разнообразные приемы нейтрализации энми (мои любимые стволы, не считая РПГ и удара с воздуха – «Бурков» и AMD с глушителем; все уже подохли, а тревоги так и не подняли!), графика не прожорливая и четкая, сеттинг опять же натуральный (почти – афганские скалы с убогой геометрией не радуют, а камни разбросанные по саванне смотрятся как стога сена на красной площади). И еще в Афганистане случаются пыльные бури - как на Марсе.Кстати, об  Афганистане: эта часть игры для настоящих интернационалистов, можно забивать гопоту в тельняшках, что б не повадно им было ссать в фонтаны в свой cpaный день ВДВ. Зато вторая локация (Ангола) – для расистов, валите блэкменов и африканеров. Последние хоть и «белые», но говорок у них с подозрительным акцентом. Наверняка из Жмеринки понаехали. До кучи вас 3аебут бесконечные загрузки и не переключаемые вертолетные недозаставки. Но к этому привыкаешь на второй сотне часов. Или на третьей.В целом, посоны, вы поняли. Игра – бомба, взорвет мозг без грибов и кислоты (опять же экономия). И действительно интересный геймплей и игровая механика. А этика, кому она нужна, в самом деле? Главное, собачек не мучайте – убивайте их сострадательно, выстрелом в голову.Удачной игры!"
,Recommended,287700,17859069,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,FOXDIE,"— Doctor, we've got GOTY 2015!— V has come to, MUHAHAHA ♥♥♥♥♥ES!A Hideo Kojima game"
76561197989056579,Recommended,287700,17864262,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Crossandthorns,"After trying for 45minutes to complete one of the early SIDE missions with a perfect score, I finally got away without taking a single hit only to be eaten by a randomly generated wolf pack in the afghan mountains..if it was literally any other game I may have ragged and thrown the controller, but for some reason this game makes me love it and respect it for the trouble."
76561197970877152,Not Recommended,287700,18596658,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Slickstream,It has the world's best stealth gameplay combined with the worlds most campy and nonsensical writing. The end result is a disconnect and immersion breaking game that i don't find enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,287700,18621534,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,DudeKLmao,It's like going to a fast food joint and getting a cheeseburger because of how it looks on the menu and trying to convince yourself that it's still good despite how it looks when you get it.
,Not Recommended,287700,18425646,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Sviridov,You let me down Hideo.
76561198110562723,Recommended,287700,23990541,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Peter the Strawberry,24/10 Best Jack Bauer Simulator Ever!
,Recommended,287700,28759081,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rafi,𝒟𝑒𝒶𝓉𝒽 𝒾𝓈 𝓃𝑜𝓉 𝓉𝒽𝑒 𝑔𝓇𝑒𝒶𝓉𝑒𝓈𝓉 𝓁𝑜𝓈𝓈 𝒾𝓃 𝓁𝒾𝒻𝑒.𝒯𝒽𝑒 𝑔𝓇𝑒𝒶𝓉𝑒𝓈𝓉 𝓁𝑜𝓈𝓈 𝒾𝓈 𝓌𝒽𝒶𝓉 𝒹𝒾𝑒𝓈 𝒾𝓃𝓈𝒾𝒹𝑒 𝓊𝓈𝓌𝒽𝒾𝓁𝑒 𝓌𝑒 𝓁𝒾𝓋𝑒.
,Recommended,287700,17889388,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Vulpix,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KndXKm7Po8k
,Not Recommended,287700,18127899,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Zorro,"I don't mind when a game is unpolished, but it's upsetting to pay $60 for a game that's unfinished. It feels like a TV series that gets cancelled 3 episodes before the finale. I'm sure I'll get to see the actual ending, though, when it's released later as add-on content for $10. I was going to make a comparision to Xenogears but at least that had an ending."
,Not Recommended,287700,18082048,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Saph,"Let me start off by saying MGSV: TPP is a fantastic game. Game being the operant word, I enjoy it and you likely will too if you're a fan of the series. However I cannot recommend this game as it has a number of issues that are hidden well beyond the first 2 hours and maybe even 14 days of refund policy time you get on Steam. There is cut content, unsatisfying plot conclusions that leave more questions than answers, microtransactions that have the gall to ask more than the full RRP of the game for the sake of completing an ultimately pointless yet semi-useful mechanic and worst of all, no David Hayter.Keifer Sutherland is quiet to the point of rivaling a certain other character who exists for lonely teenagers to gawk at with poor ""story reasons"" to explain why they appear as such. The plot is sparse and has no real conclusion, probably to leave it open for another sequel that won't be directed by Kojima or maybe even next year's line of pachinko machines knowing Konami. It's not satisfying in the least storywise, which was always one of MGS' greatest strengths.There are pointless paywalls for optional content, forced multiplayer elements that will slowly drain your staff and resources and worst of all, there are no really substantial boss battles which was again, one of the series' strong points to date. The open world loses all novelty once you realise almost every mission consists of either extract this dude/vehicle/animal/child/erratic moron with poor stats or fight X amount of annoying and nigh pointless enemies that can kill you in one hit later on in the game.The game even starts to recycle content by adding more tedium to already annoying missions such as in the form of ""total stealth"" where you get a game over upon detection or ""extreme"" where the aforementioned 1 hit kill enemies come into play. Overall the game is fun and provides many hours of content, but it starts to feel bland after a while and leaves a bitter taste in your mouth after the ""story"" is concluded. Perhaps the missing ""Mission 51"" content could have added a bit more backbone to the plot, but it's too late for that and if Konami deign to grace us with it in the form of ""DLC"" you say no, you say ""No!"" like you're scalding a puppy that just destroyed your sofas.I do enjoy the gameplay for what it is, it's probably the best game to date in that regard. But there are far too many negatives that reek of corporate greed for me to give this game a positive review. You would probably be better off just treating Peace Walker as the real conclusion to this legendary series in terms of story.This game is the final nail in Konami's coffin for me, their blatant disregard for their fanbase in recent years is disgusting and has lost them my patronage. I weep for the industry as it has truly lost several of the biggest contributions to gaming as a whole.Rest in peace Metal Gear, Silent Hill and Castlevania, I will never forget the fantastic experiences I've had with each of you over the years. But at least we have Bloodstained to look forward to and that new Nier game looks pretty spiffy."
,Recommended,287700,17961598,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Halal Boy,Last time I contact another human being was at Augest 31th.???/10*upgrade your int-scope to see the rating*
,Recommended,287700,17995202,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,dimbaZLO field on fire,"97 hours into the game, completed main campaign, found a truly masterpiece for myself.The plot, the gameplay mechanics, replayability, soundtrack, plot twists. Everything is perfect.Even the optimization is great. Running on 2-core i3 4010U with 4GB RAM on High settings with 50-60 fps. This is how you do a PC port.Hell, why am I writing all this? This is a Hideo Kojima game, it was already a masterpiece even from the announcement. Hideo and his team knows what to deliver to us. And he did.This MUST be a GOTY of 2015. Screw your skyrim with a guns(Fallout 4) or skyrim with only the 3rd person view(Witcher 3). In comprasion with MGSV:TPP, these games are sheit.MGSV:TPP is something new, something that will never get old.Now downwote me kids, and I will see how many mentally disabled people here on Steam, who cannot see a great game.10/10. A masterpiece. A GOTY."
76561197977774660,Not Recommended,287700,18037644,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,[RGN] Six,If you are a PS2 or X-Box Bot this game is for you...Old school CPU Gamers go Far away-rent a movie and press buttons because that is all this product is about.  Its A great movie !   Send your 60 dollars to me with a thank you card and I WILL send it back in 30 to 60 days. run......
,Recommended,287700,18679016,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Markovian Parallax Denigrate,"One of the best Metal Gears in terms of gameplay, but by far the worst story we ever had."
,Recommended,287700,18818403,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,RyanRad,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is the latest installment in Hideo Kojima's decade-spanning Metal Gear series. The first Metal Gear came out in 1987, almost three decades ago! Unfortunately, this will be our last Metal Gear game spearheaded by the mastermind behind the series, Hideo Kojima. Kojima has officially parted ways with Konami, and while this does not spell the end of the Metal Gear franchise, it does mean Kojima will no longer be a part of the process, which is one in the same as far as I'm concerned.What a way to go out on the franchise, though--Hideo Kojima and his development team have outdone themselves with this new iteration. Going in a new open-world direction for the series, MGS 5 brings out new and innovative ideas into the open-world format. It's very difficult for me to say this, but I think I may even prefer it over The Witcher 3, which is a high compliment because Witcher 3 is one of the best games this year!While The Phantom Pain isn't going to knock a graphical snob's socks off, it holds its own with this year's titles. The animations are solid and very satisfying, especially when you use your CQC to down an enemy. However, where the graphics really shine (pun intended), is in the lighting department! The dynamic lighting combined with the fluid day and night cycles really creates an immersive experience. The PC version of the game is well-optimized, too, so it definitely gets some points there! (I'm looking at you, Arkham Knight, that just became playable on PC recently...)While the graphics aren't the most impressive thing I've seen, the most enjoyable facet in MGS V for me, has been the gameplay. You can tell that Kojima and the team behind him really focused on making sure the gameplay felt solid. Infiltrating enemy compounds and subduing enemies, and interrogating them for intel has never felt better. The best part, though, is that the game and its missions will adapt to your gameplay, allowing you to play the way you want to!The MGS series has always emphasized espionage: sneaking, not setting off alarms, etc... In previous iterations when the enemy discovered you and put the compound on high alert, you almost always had to reload your last checkpoint. Head-on combat almost never went your way in the series. You were supposed to be sneaky sneaky, and that's how they wanted you to play the game.In The Phantom Pain, you can be sneaky, and the game rewards you if you are. However, by no means do you have to play that way if you don't want to. For what seems to be the first time, you can go in, guns blazing, and the game gives you the tools to do so! Not only that, but missions will even adapt to your actions. Let's say the Op wants you to go in sneaky, but you get discovered.  No big deal--the mission objective will adapt itself to what's happening and give you another option to complete the mission!Mixed into the gameplay is an enjoyable base-building mechanic where you will be building up your own mercenary army called Diamond Dogs. While the premise and details regarding your 'recruitment' of your mercenary army can seem ridiculous, this is just one of those times when you don't need to think about it very much and simply enjoy the game! I say this because you essentially build your organization by kidnapping the soldiers in the field you defeat. The process in which they are recruited to your organization is holding them in the brig until they join your cause (Stockholm Syndrome, anyone?).While this premise seems ridiculous, it actually creates a highly entertaining  and engaging mechanic. This feature forces you to think about whether you want to go into missions with lethal weapons, or merely ones that render your opposition unconscious or asleep so that you may extract them. I opted for the latter, and almost always went into a mission non-lethal via a tranquilizer sniper rifle and an assault rifle that fired rubber bullets. Approaching missions this way allowed me to extract almost all of my opposition and thus make my own organization stronger. This mechanic is why I find myself amusingly referring to this game as a 'kidnapping simulator' at times (all in good fun, of course!).With your organization stronger and larger, you are able to research new weapons, tools, armor, and other items that can assist you in missions. You can also upgrade your extraction chopper, and later in the game, send your troops out to do missions to earn you currency and the resources needed to upgrade your base and research better equipment. I found myself thoroughly enjoying how closely the action in the game world went along with the base-building mechanic.As you progress through the game, you'll even earn the ability to customize your weapons to your liking. You want to slap a grenade launcher on that assault rifle? Go for it! Just make sure you've done the research on it first. Want a silenced tranquilizer rifle so you can knock your enemies out from afar?  Sure!  Just modify that sniper rifle to shoot tranquilizer bullets instead of real ones. While the weapon customization isn't crazy in-depth, it is nice that the option is there.If all of this weren't enough, there is also a 'buddy' system that has been implemented in this iteration. The buddy system allows you to bring along a 'buddy' that assists you in your operations. To start out, you will only have your trusty horse that can quickly and stealthily transport you to your destinations that are further apart. Eventually, you'll find other characters that you can take as your buddy when you deploy into the field. You can even increase your bond with each buddy, giving you and that buddy access to additional abilities and commands. There are some fun buddies you'll get a chance to take out with you that compliment the pacing of the gameplay quite well.If you're still with me, you may be asking yourself, 'How many features did they cram into this game!?' The answer is, a whole dang lot. In addition to all the gameplay features described above, there are so many little details that just add icing to the proverbial gaming cake. The helicopter that deploys you on missions and ex-filtrates you can be equipped with a loud speaker that can play any music tape you can find in the game. And, if that weren't enough, on PC, you can drop in whatever music you want. I opted for Rage Against the Machine's Sleep Now in the Fire. The attention to detail in this game is staggering!There's even an online element that allows you to invade other players' bases to steal their resources! If you happen to be online when this is happening you can even defend your base from their attack. This system seems very reminisce to the 'Souls' franchise's online player-versus-player system. I engaged in it a little bit, and enjoyed what little I did take part in.  I never ran into an actual player though, but I definitely stole a whole lot of resources!While I'm not going to deal in spoilers, this latest installment follows the classic Metal Gear solid tradition of presenting a virtually impenetrable storyline, full of false trails, duplicity, and political drama. The story is complete with 'optional' recorded cassette tapes that will allow you to delve deeper into the story, if you so choose. While the story takes a backseat to the amazing gameplay, it's still about what you'd expect from a Metal Gear game. The open-world elements do slow down the pacing of the story, but, to be honest, I was glad for it-- I was having too much fun with the gameplay anyways to care too much about the story!You can find more of my ramblings about video games atwww.chatswithrad.com"
,Not Recommended,287700,19357807,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,absolute majority,worst ♥♥♥♥ing mgsbig medic
,Not Recommended,287700,19886928,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Wolfie,"As a Metal Gear fan this was a huge dissapointment.As an open-world fan this was a huge dissapointment.Overhyped game, destroyed by Konami and maybe even by Kojima, as we don't know what happened during development.Not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,287700,19997287,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ds6,"It's clear Kojima wasn't able to put all the effort he wanted to into this game. It doesn't feel like a Metal Gear game and has been known to disappoint many die-hard returning fans of the series with its light story and forgettable missions. A great concept ruined by Konami's greed.The story is loose, and in some parts feels completely unfinished. The amazing gameplay could save it but, while it's fun for a while, it ends up being an endless barrage of repetitive, very pointless-feeling open-world missions and microtransactions. If you're looking for a Metal Gear game heavy on story like many of the past titles, or are looking for memorable missions with unique content, you aren't going to find that here.MGSV feels very slow, but not in the methodical, stealthy way that you would expect from a Metal Gear game or from the legendary Big Boss, but in a ""another one of these stupid missions ugh"" kind of way. The constant MMO-like grind for new Mother Base staff and unlocks gets oldreallyfast. I feel like the rather polished, solid gameplay mechanics are wasted on such mediocre, repetitive, sometimes utterlyboringmissions. It worked in Peace Walker because it was a much shorter and smaller game, but it doesn't work here.Of course, all of that doesn't mean the game isbad, necessarily, but it's just not all it could (or should) be. Just looking at the gameplay, there'sloadsto do, with tons of unlockable content and interesting gameplay strategies that feel limitess. But that's not very fun to me, and it wasn't what I was wanting in the next Metal Gear game. Also the multiplayer is filled with hackers.If you aren't a Metal Gear fan and/or really like open-world explorative games with tons of things to do, you'll most likely love MGSV. It's a good game, but it's not aMetal Geargame. Worth a purchase on sale, at least.Hopefully the newly independant Kojima Productions will give us a great new franchise for us to enjoy, with that classic flair only Hideo can provide."
,Not Recommended,287700,20508351,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,henry,MGS Online ReviewWe waited so long and now the beta is out...Too bad it's just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer shoot em' up with competative gameplay.*sigh* how dissapointing.How very..VeryDissapointing.
,Not Recommended,287700,20699261,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Golliwog ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"♥♥♥♥♥game of the year, what a dissapointment 5/10 at best"
,Not Recommended,287700,20598861,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ItsumoChen,"This review is a condensed version of my full review which can be found on GameFAQs. If you would like to read the whole thing, please copy and paste the following into your web browser:http://www.gamefaqs.com/pc/829766-metal-gear-solid-v-the-phantom-pain/reviews/161812My review has been officially approved by GameFAQs staff and is now ready to read.Anyway, long story short, here are the highlights of the game:Pros:-AAA Production.-Great music, sound, etc.-Phenomenal graphics.-Tons of content.-Online gameplay.-Great story.Cons:-Doesn't feel like Metal Gear-Stealth mechanics Suffer-Grinding-Caters to everyone except the fans (IMO)Overall:4/10Another example of a AAA Production game that lacks soul.---UPDATE---Sorry about the wait, guys. My detailed review can be found on GameFAQs utilizing the following link:http://www.gamefaqs.com/pc/829766-metal-gear-solid-v-the-phantom-pain/reviews/161812"
,Not Recommended,287700,18078945,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,FrillyPantsu,"This game truly left me with a feeling of disdain and unfulfillment; a Phantom Pain™ that I can't seem to erase.While I'm not even bothered by the fact that we're playing as Venom Snake instead of Big Boss, in fact I thought it had some potential, but it would've felt better to give Venom Snake his own personality and character, rather than just opting for a ""self-insert"" character. I can understand that Kojima wants to tell us that we're Big Boss and that we're the reason for the legend behind him, but I feel as though this would have been better conveyed through gameplay rather than having Venom Snake look like a lifeless mannequin during cutscenes. It just feels cheap. That car ride with Skullface was one of the most poorly dialogued and choreographed cutscenes I've seen in the series thus far.It's also a shame that the world is as lifeless as it is. There's no craftily placed secret bunkers or caves throughout Africa or Afghanistan, even though implicitly clever level design has always been a staple to the Metal Gear Solid franchise. And speaking of Afghanistan, where are all the Mujahadeen rebels? I would've been delighted to see some skirmishes between rebels and Spetsnaz soldiers in the world, like the firefights that were seen in MGS4, but no, the whole world is empty with the exception of a couple of outposts, and the only incentive to explore is collecting herbs.It's sad to see one of the most beloved franchises in gaming to go out with not a bang, but a whimper."
,Recommended,287700,17837910,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,兄弟,A Hideo Kojima Game.
,Recommended,287700,18164057,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Mr Larson,"This is my most favorite game of all time.Pros :* Amazing Stealth* Very interesting tapes, i´ve never listened to tapes like that before. They added information about characters and the story, since the story was very confusing the tapes helped it.* The buddy system is awesome! You can command your buddies to do stuff for you to help you in your missions, my favorite was Quiet.*Mother base was truly amazing, its the best ""home base"" i´ve experienced in a game. I also love the the ballon system where you can capture stuff and bring them to your home base fast, including Soldiers, Animals, Cars and more.* Scouting bases before ""raiding them"". It really works well, it even works better if you have D-Dog or Quiet... but Quiet is way better in my opinion. You can also see the ranks of the soldiers that you want to capture wich is really helpful. Since you dont have an unlimited use of balloons.* Graphics, They are awesome. Not mutch to say here, its also very well optimized.* Directed by Hideo Kojima* Different camos so you have to prepare for your fights and the same thing for your weapons. Though a bad thing is that i didnt have the time to upgrade all weapons, wish i had more time to do it.* The awesome big metal gear. Cant explain it, you have to experience it for yourself, its really awesome. You really feel that its really big!* The option to have your own music in the game, like its awesome to hear some edgy rock music coming on when the helicopter appears. hue :-)* The A.I is very good. Soldiers will contact their peeps and tell everything they´ve seen. If you are in a cardboard box they will tell their mates, but they will just call him an idiot. So yep.* Lots of more tiny stuff..Cons :* The story is very confusing for those who havent played it before, and the story gets even more confusing and weird in the second chapter*  Even though the A.I is good, it has its flaws, you will notice small things especially when you are holding someone in your arms.Not mutch more but i wanna talk about Quiet.Everyone is saying she is is just an object, But think about it, she cant talk to you and she wants to show it in different ways. But i agree her suit is revealing, luckily in about in the end game you can get a better suit that covers up everything. The ending actually made me care about her more with that sad song and everything. She isn´t objectefied.  It just that she is revealing.Im gonna give this game a 10/10. Truly a masterpiece, but its really sad with the chapter 3 contreversy. Because i really want 6439683489643689436 dlc´s to this. I would buy them all!Buy this game right now, even if you havent played any other metal gears you should still get this. In my opinion this was all about the gameplay."
,Recommended,287700,18172811,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,DoctorrNick,"This game is amazing, I loved it from start to finish (even though I cussed at it multiple times). I'm just going to do a pros and cons list for this game instead of a full on review.PROS:Great StoryEasy to playA lot of stuff to doYou can play it any way you wantCONS:They cut out chapter 3D-Horse likes to stop sometimesD-Dog's AI likes to mess upThis is the last game in the series which ties the story together with Metal Gear 1, and this might be the last game due to Hideo Kojima being fired from Konami, but we never know.But all in all, I really liked this game and would give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,287700,23236734,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mushu-Wu,Roses are redViolets are blueSUCH A LUST FOR REVENGEWHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Not Recommended,287700,18028365,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,:D,Bugs bugs bugs bugs. Don't buy the game now. Wait for the developers to fix the bugs unless you want to pay full price for beta testing their product.
76561198021181951,Not Recommended,287700,18028822,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Sappy,"Really boring ""open world""Repetative missionsSilly storyHorrible Ai"
,Recommended,287700,18184014,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Bread,"A Hideo Kojima GameTLDR-Game can be lots of fun if you just relax and enjoy it.-Fox Engine performance is top notch, should be a minimum standard for PC games.-Gameplay / Controls are excellent.  Use a controller.-The Story has strong and weak moments, darker than other installments.-spoiler related to the story:Konami didn't let Kojima Productions finish the gameThe Result of almost 30 Years of Refinement on the Original Concept of the ""Sneaking Mission""""I'm gonna make them give back our past.  Take back everything that we've lost.  And I won't rest... until we do......""-MillerMetal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Painis an open world stealth action game with a plot drenched in revenge at all costs.It's pretty crazy that a game that started in 1987 as a top-down 2D pixel art game with simple line of sight stealth mechanics would evolve into this.Ultimately I enjoyed playing this game despite its shortcomings.  I think I would even if I hadn't played the entire series before this.  The story definitely wouldn't make an ounce of sense though.[You should play the whole series.]Metal Gear 1 and 2 for the MSX can be found on the MGS3 Snake Eater diskMetal Gear Solid 1-4Portable OpsPeacewalkerGround ZeroesPhantom PainThis game just felt a bit different from the rest of the series.  The sneaking aspect felt similar but theopen world design is a huge change that impacts everything about the game.  The soundtrack shies away from the old themes with the exception of a few Peacewalker elements.  Even most of the voice actors are new.I believe the general consensus is that the gameplay mechanics and controls are among the best in the series but the story has some big disappointments.  For many Metal Gear fans, the extremely complex story with it's wild sci-fi elements is what really separated Metal Gear from other games.The GoodRuntime Performance is Solid.Using the auto-detected settings, I encountered no drops in framerate under any conditions.  No crashes or bugs that interrupted gameplay in over 130 hours of play.  Fox Engine runs extremely well and this isimportant.  No matter how great a game is, if it doesn't run properly on peoples' machines they can't enjoy it.Don't believe me? Have a look at Arkham Knight's release on Steam, it was adisasterand the game still isn't available due to performance issuesseveral months later.Gameplay Controls are excellent and responsive.A gamepad controller is highly recommendedas this series has been on consoles exclusively for decades.The environments and character models look great.In general the aesthetics of the game just feel comfortable.  Guns look and handle well.  Sound effects feel right.  The music is suitable and heavily varied.Stealth mechanics feel greatwhen you're able to sneak your way through an entire mission, taking out guards, tampering with facility resources, sneaking off with prisoners and resources without ever being detected.CQC is the best it's ever beenThe Close Quarters Combat (CQC) moves are awesome. Taking the consecutive CQC improvement from Peacewalker and adding in the improved animations was a nice touch.  I wish CQC had been this way throughout the whole series.Realtime Day/Night transitionsadd a new layer to stealth as your technique will definitely change in broad daylight vs. nighttime situations where you can make use of shadowed areas to move around in undetected.Tremendous amount of Tactical FreedomThere's almost always a multitude of alternative methods for solving any obstacles you encounter.Secret Content GaloreIn typical Kojima style, there's a huge amount of easter eggs and secret content to be discovered for folks who are interested in that type of stuff.  Even after 130 hours, I'm still stumbling into a couple of hidden cutscenes I hadn't met the criteria for yet.Stumbled on a pretty good video that does a good job of highlighting some of these secrets:*Obvious Spoilers*[Youtube]:Metal Gear Solid 5 The Phantom Pain ► Secrets | Hidden Effects | Tips and TricksCredits to Dante & Hollysemi-spoiler related to features:Buddies can join you on your missions and provide support with marking enemies, combinations moves, take-downs, combat and so onSome Optional Online PlayForward Operating Base (FOB) infiltration missions offer some end-game playability and have a massive range in difficulty depending on its security level.  (From fairly simple to wrecklessly hard)Lots of Customization OptionsAlmost every weapon can be customized to your liking, adding undermount attachments, changing the color or adding camo patterns, swapping out scopes and suppressors and so on.Aspects of your base and support units can be customized as well.  These customizations typically can change the stats, appearance and functionality of the unit.The BadPlot Controversy...One of the hardest parts about trying to review this game is that the mostcontroversialaspects of the game are alsomajor spoilers.  I'll just say that anything plot related that may detract from the game didn't prevent me from enjoying the game.Although I wish it had all been there.Spoiler about missions:Some of the main missions repeat themselves as harder versions.  The new challenge isn't all that bad but itmay have been better received if they had been placed in the post-game after all content had been cleared.I for one always love the on-site procurement mode.Many of the Side Ops are repetitions on a somewhat limited set of themes.Rescue a PrisonerEliminate an Elite GuardTake out an armored unitEtc...With that being said...they're just sideops that aren't even a part of the main story.  It's just optional content you can do when/if you desire.Small Terrain movement issuesSome rock formations are placed in such away that you can scale them with regular movement, but when you reach a certain point, you slide back down.  This can make movement in some locations a bit clumsy as it can happen repeatedly in a small timeframe.Some Cheating in the Online Mode [FOB]*gasp*There's some cheating going on in the multiplayer FOB (versus) mode.Bosses lack their usual flairMany of the boss fights don't really seem to live up to the series' previous standards.  This is pretty subjective though.This is the last Metal Gear...and Konami doesn't have the decency to let Kojima finish his series to his satisfactionThe series ended chronologically with MGS4: Guns of the Patriots.  Every game since then has been filling in the timeline for Naked Snake / Big Boss.Here's hoping they don't plan on shutting down Metal Gear Online.(Hopefully the LA studio patches in party formation using the Steam friends list and considers some methods for dealing with cheaters)Lessons LearnedCode Talker is the HamburglerNever be Game OverYou're all Diamonds.Try to go above and beyond by stuffing the game with content well beyond the game's main goal and people get salty at the wrong guy when the publisher cuts production on the game before the team can get everthing in.Such a lust for salty reviews?WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
,Not Recommended,287700,18388722,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Freeezy,"TL;DR Game could be good and it actually is but the FoB's are a major design flaw and ruin your progress and could literally set you back to zero. For everyone else, keep on reading a bit.Sooooooooo first of all, the game itself is amazing. Nice gameplay. Story is okay, nothing extraordinary or flashy and the whole base thing is pretty good. BUT there is one thing... the so called FoB's (Forward Operating Base), which you HAVE to make in some point of the story. It is like a online base similar like in Clash of Clans and your ressources might get stolen by much stronger or better eqquipped enemies AND the worst thing is: You can lose your staff, even if they are NOT in the FoB. AND GUESS WHAT ITS NOT STOPPING THERE!!! Konami now implemented something into the game, where you can buy an ""insurance"" for REAL LIFE MONEY to protect your FoB and ultimately your ressources and staff. So you have to spend money to protect your stuff for which you worked hard in single player or else it will get taken away by maybe even a hacker. Well ♥♥♥♥ing played Konami. This is also the reason why I do NOT, I repeat I do NOT reccomend the game it's just not worth with all this FoB♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you get it for 10$ ok buy it and finish the game as fast as possible but if you can not get the game cheap just do not buy it it is not worth it in it's current state.Metal gear solid: 5 The Worst Gamedesign would be a abetter name btw for this game. Konami ruined it."
76561198121304024,Not Recommended,287700,17999698,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,wrath-of-smaug,kojima created a gaming masterpiece with his msg series. Amzing story great gameplay and full of twists and unique characters. They he got all his msg together and pulled down his trousers and did a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the franchise producing metal gear solid 5. With a bland story and shocking end to the series he took one final masterful dump over what could of been perfection
76561198039363975,Not Recommended,287700,18033480,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Kobra,o man why!!! stop playing Metal gear v for two daysmy base got invaded 15 times while i was offline =(why konami why you do this to me(This is not a review this is a childish complain i will change this in the future)
,Recommended,287700,18349964,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Drivershaft,"I'm over 300 hours in and I'm still having fun, still finding new things, still unlocking new things and loving every second. This is the best PC game I've ever played and with the online mode lengthening the game I can see myself playing this foreverYou can ride a horse shirtless and make it poop, you can have a dog take out a tiny knife and slit throats, you can punch your own men in the face and they'll thank you for it. You can ride a robot around in the african wilderness and punch goats with it. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,287700,18415615,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,The MiniMan Known As JohnnyD,Is it possible to ask for a refund of a product that continues to increase the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t microtransactions? ♥♥♥♥ you Konami.
76561198028325739,Recommended,287700,19268875,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,P1,Excellent stealth-action game with variety of ways to approach a mission.
,Not Recommended,287700,29862936,Posted: 11 February,all,Not My President,"A work of art in the first chapter of the game, but quickly becomes repetitive and boring in the second chapter.♥♥♥♥ you Konami, you don't deserve to have your name on this game."
,Recommended,287700,20744144,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,NAVIDOG | $TEAMGIFTS.ir,Awsome single player but ONLINE is not even ALPHA...
76561198013674031,Recommended,287700,17842507,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,|MW| DabFalken,A Hideo Kojima Game.
,Recommended,287700,18123158,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Isaac,This game left me a broken man.
,Recommended,287700,18357198,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,2D,- 60 Heroism
76561198039507536,Recommended,287700,25743258,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Detoxifier,"METAL GEAR FULTON VThe PHAAAAAaaaaaaaaaa.........*plane noises*""Are you going to extract him?"""
,Recommended,287700,17925420,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Kraft,"45 hours in, so far pretty neat"
,Not Recommended,287700,17977062,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,🎩 Chiff  🎩,"103 hours on record, I kept giving it second chances because of how spread out content is, and in the hope of getting to the end before seeing spoilers, but unfortunately my overall experience ended up negative.This could have been the greatest game ever made. Instead it was a mediocre grindy repetitive game with a world environment - both in the field and on mother base - that feels completely dead. The plot is spread far too thin over missions occupying the same handful of rather samey locations with samey opposition, and more often than not is confined to cassette tapes. So yeah, it's basically just as annoying as MGS4 when it comes to essential non-gamplay time for the plot. And the plot left me feeling sour at the end anyway, not because I didn't like the implications of certain developments, but because the whole thing felt unfinished, disconnected and an utter failure to deliver the promised ""bridging the gap"" that this game was supposed to convey.- Mother base customisation? There isn't any. Fultoning guns, mortars and AAs back to base is 100% pointless.- There is no final boss, or much of a finale at all.- You accquire two metal gears and don't get to use either of them.- The checkpoint system is TERRIBLE.- The open world is boring and empty. Don't worry about bumping into a patrol. There are none.- Mission opening credits regularly contain spoilers for what's about to happen (I.E. saying when the Skulls are going to turn up).- Once you get a good technique going you will end up being able to just run around doing that and fultoning every single guard on the map. Which gets boring fast.- The FOB system has no anti-cheat and significantly interferes with your ability to play the single player game.- Remember the incredible start of the Nuclear trailer? Doesn't happen in the game. I know right. Wtf?If you want to sink a lot of hours into a game that feels fun on a base gameplay level, get it. But if you're expecting to get anything out of the time you put in, get another game. This will leave you feeling hollow and used by the end of a long and sandy grind."
,Recommended,287700,17903558,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Kaiji,"Rating: 9.2/10SPOILER FREE!Here's to you. This is my Review of Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain.I currently have 51% complete with the story finished. So let's talk about the Story and Gameplay and how well it runs on PC.Gameplay:Gameplay is really good. I think it really it really gives you extremly much freedom. The controls are fantastic. I am really suprised how natural it feels. You have so many things you can do. Developing stuff is really satisfing as it really is quite challenging. Gathering new members can be quite the pain but I think it is okay. You get used to collecting members and using your int-scope really fast. People who thought Ground Zeroes is a really good sanbox will be really happy with this game. There are so many possibilites to finish a particular mission that it would be a shame if you would only play a mission once. I want to mention the difficulty here too because damn, this game can be hard. It is challenging in a good way. The AI is really excellent and tries to conter you. It really is a game where you need to think about what gear you will take with you in a mission and what the enemy might will do. It is a perfect example of how a game wants the player to be smart and this is great. I think it's been a while since a game wanted me to think that hard (except puzzle game obviously).Story:Okay. Okay. To get this out of the way... The Story is great. For me it was a really fitting ending to this game and I understand why people say they are not satisfied but I think it really was a smart move to end this game how it ends. If you like complex stories and listen to hours of recordings (who are really well made) then this is a game for you. I defenitly suggest that you play Ground Zeroes before this. If you have played Ground Zeroes you will probably get most of the Story without playing the other MGS even though I would suggest watching the cutscenes from MGS3 and Peace Walker on youtube if you really want to get into Metal Gear (or play the games).PC:On the first day there was a problem with Phenom CPUs and the game woulnd't run. So, I was like: ""Damn it. I knew it."". Not knowing what the problem was I thought: ""Well it might run on my old Laptop."" and it did. This Laptop is way too weak and it still would run with 30FPS on low settings and I was suprised. The problem with the Phenom CPUs was fixxed a few hours later so I started it on my PC and it was great. It is one of the best looking and best optimized games I have ever played. If you think it might does not run on your PC it probably will anyway. I think it will run on an mid-end PC nowadays.Verdict:I am going to say that this game is one of the best games I have ever played. It gives me so much freedom and the Story is really really great. There isn't any Video Games Series that give me that certain feeling. If you want a game with a good Story, really good gameplay, challenging gameplay, massive amount of things to do, then this game is for you. I even would recommend this non-mgs fans if they played and liked Ground Zeroes."
,Not Recommended,287700,18022598,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Superscooter,"The gameplay is nothing short of excellent. The visuals are superb, and optimized greatly for all types of hardware. It is the next true evolution in the Metal Gear Solid franchise in terms of gameplay and tactical stealth (or guns blazing if you're that boring). Every new mission that is started is another tale to be told because nothing ever, EVER goes the same way twice. The AI is some of the best I have ever encountered in a video game, while bending to some levels of absurdity just so certain gameplay devices can work. Audio is also masterfully done, even though there's a total lack of options in-game.But I have to not recommend this game to any longtime Metal Gear fan, who will obviously be expecting heavy heaps of story, just not as much as MGS4. This game has two wrong things with it. Two very big wrong things. Not only is it actually an unfinished game - with the latter half composing almost entirely of filler missions - but the quality Metal Gear cutscenes and story we've come to expect were either cut entirely out or moved to cassette tapes. There are some cutscenes that are incredible, no joking, but there is a definite lack of them. You will acquire a huge amount of story cassette tapes over the course of the game, when they could have just served as cutscenes instead. Indeed, Keifer Sutherland does a good job as Venom Snake, but fails to deliver any lines where they would really be needed, and by that I mean he is a silent protagonist for more than half the game. The main story also takes a nosedive into nothing once the first chapter is completed. There are only three main missions in chapter 2 that actually progress the story. The rest are harder versions of chapter 1 missions. Then you get the final mission and it's just over.This game was truly made for non-hardcore fans of the series, in terms of gameplay and structure. Perhaps story as well, because gameplay is just absolutely everywhere, you cannot complain. I would recommend this game if that were the only case, but in reality, the game is incomplete. Chapter 1 ends like it was the end of the entire game. It should have probably stayed that way, with how Chapter 2 stretches itself out and ends.I actually do recommend this game if it's on sale and you're a noob to the Metal Gear series. It's a load of fun and perfects the ""fun"" parts, but also removes what series veterans have come to expect from this franchise. This game is the most playable in the entire series, but even Ground Zeroes had a better story than this, and that game could be played normally at two hours."
76561198064353201,Recommended,287700,17961177,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Punished ''Venom'' Snake,You can have a shower with Quiet 10/10
76561198076897083,Not Recommended,287700,18037678,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Dark Knight,Worst MGS I've Ever Played.
,Recommended,287700,18056281,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,TJANGO,"V HAS COME TOPhantom Pain has finally arrived and Kojima sure kept us waiting. After 4 years of brutal waiting MGS V has finally come out and has been met with critical acclaim.  Was the wait worth it or were we played like a damn fiddle? Short answer: the wait was indeed, worth it. Long answer?The old days of clunky controls and awkward camera angles are long gone. Robotic movements are instead replaced with smooth animations with actual weight to them. From navigating, to shooting, to driving, everything you do feels precise and has a sense of realism, which sadly is lacking in many recent games. Every detection, every death, is mostly your fault and not because of some unfair gameplay hiccup. Whereas in the Arkham games you feel in control of the Batman, in the Phantom Pain youareBig Boss. The game is polished and glitches, even if they do exist, are scarce and largely not game-breaking. Afghanistan and Africa are stunning settings, but this is where the game starts to suffer. MGS has gone open world for the first time in V and with it come some flaws that are hard to overlook. Even if the two settings are quite the lookers, aside from a lacking number of fauna and guard checkpoints and bases peppered here and there, the open worlds are barren and devoid of anything to do aside from Side Ops, which leads us to problem number 2. I can't sugarcoat this. The game is repetitive. The game initially does seem large content wise, but after the 10th time of extracting a prisoner, or picking up blueprints, or finding the highly-skilled soldier, you start to question if the game is large for the sake of it, or if they didn't have the time and money to further implement their ideas. Still, as it is, the game is incredibly addictive and despite its repetitiveness you will always have the thirst for coming back to it. The gameplay is the star of MGS V and rightfully so, as this is what games are supposed to be. But still, this is MGS we are talking about, and to this I must add another shortcoming ...An MGS game with a disappointing story? If you said MGS V would have a bare bones story a couple of months ago, you would've been shunned and transfered to the nearest lunatic asylum. Sadly, this is what it is. Bare bones. The trailers were all making up the story as to be the grandest and darkest of any MGS before it, the breaking point of Big Boss' life where he goes full on nuclear and becomes the villain we all know and love. The trailers had a better story than the game. Most of the characters are all one-note. Big Boss is a silent bloke who occasionally has something interesting to say. Kazuhira Miller, like an emo kid, won't quit talking about his lust for revenge. Ocelot, my favorite character, has the most lines in the game, and thus he feels more of the tour guide than a triple agent. Quiet, the femme-fatale in skimpy clothing is the most fleshed out and realistic character in the game, and she'smute. The ''open world'' structure of this game affects the pacing of the story. Most of the information in the game comes from cassette tapes, which replace the codec calls from days past.The story is full of plotholes and unrealised potential. Cipher this, Cipher that. Remember Skull Face? The mysterious XOF commander who appeared to be a dangerous foe in Ground Zeroes? He barely appears in this game, and when he does, he just shouts nonsense. I won't go into detail about the others, namely The Third Child, The Man On Fire, and of course Eli, who pretty much shows up at the second act of the first chapter...and is kind of there. Mostly negatives in this department, huh? I'm being harsh here because this is what characterized this series, and I must admit that the past titles weren't perfect storywise as they all had their share of cringe-worthy dialogue, plot holes, and nonsensicality. Those faults were also what made this series stand out, but whereas those games had fleshed out stories, this game just doesn't know what it wanted to be. Race, revenge? And this is the truephantom pain. The story had potential, the story even has some moments that are well written, that are emotional, that are funny, and without spoilers, mission 43 is one of the best moments in MGS. Even the true ending, which many people despise was pretty interesting and reminded me of Sons of Liberty.Metal Gear has always been known for top-notch graphics and the most miniscule of details (thanks to Kojima's perfectionism). This game is no different. With Kojima'sfinalMetal Gear game comes a new engine, the FOX engine. The game is gorgeous. The character models, the textures, everything is very well detailed. Add to the incredible gameplay and everything justclicks. Even if the graphics aren't as stellar as, for example, this year'sWitcher 3(and it is to be expected, this is a cross-gen game after all), the lighting amplifies the game's attractiveness meter to a whole new level. What is most impressive is that the game runs at 60 fps and hardly dips, even on older rigs. This also applies to the current gen consoles.Graphics and sound go hand in hand in Metal Gear Solid. Guns sound lethal. Impacts sound fatal. Ambient sounds are immersive. The only jarring sound is a sound you'll quite possibly hear a good part of the game, the sound you hear when sprinting. The sound Big Boss' feet make when making contact with the ground is absolutely thunderous. The greatest soldier ever to live leaves craters in his wake whilst running. That is to say, guards usually don't hear him whilst he is mini-nuking the Afghan of African soils. Mabye that is why he is above even the Boss? Soundtrack wise, we have a, to be expected great OST from Harry Gregson-Williams, although none of his pieces really stand out or are that memorable. Shame he was accused of plagiarising the MGS main theme, as I really miss that iconic theme. No ambient soundtrack either. Besides the OST we are treated to an 80's soundtrack! Before you ask, no, you can't jam to the ''Eye of the Tiger'', there is no Queen, no Bon Jovi, no Metallica. There are quite a few good tracks (Take On Me, Maneater, Final Countdown), but thankfully we can add our own custom tunes.And thus, after 28 years, Metal Gear has come to a close. I must admit, I hopped aboard the Metal Gear train pretty late (a couple of years ago) and may not have the same memories as veterans, but as a series, MG has evolved to become one of my favorites. Here we are, with tens of hours in the last true Metal Gear game. We are as happy as we are disappointed and sad. A bittersweet feeling. Mabye ''the world would be better off without snakes, huh?'' If Konami is behind the wheel, sure. Let's hope that they at least have the dignity to not tamper with a legend's legacy. Phantom Pain is both the best game to come out this year and the worst. But hey, Metal Gear is like a pizza, even when it's not that goodit's pretty damn good.Here's to you, Kojima-san"
,Not Recommended,287700,18293620,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,shalashisky,Easily the most dissapointing game in the series.
,Not Recommended,287700,18033806,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,PointNPraise,"Circa 10 hours in and I'll probably not keep playing the game. The controls and gameplay is solid but the story is not moving forward at all during the first 10 hours, the missions are just fillers where you visit the same area over and over again. Afghanistan is also one of the most boring places that I've ever visited in an opern world game. Sadly the game just feeling like work and it's just like a big boring map without anything moving me forward. Yeah yeah it will probably pick up later on, but I don't care about later on. The pacing is just awful, period."
,Not Recommended,287700,18284008,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,RickyWL,"I'd give this a mixed raiting if I could, but since I'm forced to choose not recommended/recommended i'm picking not recommended because I've reached a point where I just want it to be over with. I'm wiritng this review while i wait for the arbitrary countdown (i.e game padding) on my base facility upgrades to complete so i can actually finish the story mode.The opening 10 hours are utterly fantastic, but by the time they're up you'll have done most of the interesting stuff and you'll be left with repeating the same♥♥♥♥♥♥for the remaining playtime. There's a couple of interesting diversions, but to sum it up, it's ""Far Cry 3 Outposts: The Game"" with more refined stealth mechanics except most of the side ops/main missions are in the same areas over and over again but THIS TIME THE ENEMIES HAVE HELMETS AND RIOT ARMOUR WOAHHHHHHH SO MUCH VARIETY and it's spread out over 50+ hoursi really, really wanted to love MGS V; I pre-oredered it and was hyped as ♥♥♥♥ for it, but it's just been a big let down.  It's worth it on sale, but not for 40 quid."
76561198060677995,Not Recommended,287700,18657608,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,partisan76,Barely any cutscenes. No final boss. You build an army for nothing. The game ends abruptly without warning. THIS IS AN UNFINISHED GAME.
,Not Recommended,287700,17950319,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,JESSrz,To all MGS fans out there: avoid like the plague.
,Not Recommended,287700,17998169,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Elinsky,From The Man Who Sold Metal Gear
,Not Recommended,287700,32234732,Posted: 7 June,all,snark,"The game is incomplete.You can google all the cut things from this game, including, but not limited to:Battle Gear (you originally could use it, not just in deployment missions)A new region (there has been a rumored Soviet Union area)CHAPTER 3 (and maybe more!)The ""Kingdom of the Flies"" ordeal (an extra episode)And more!Despite all the cut content, I found the gameplay to be fun, and the soundtrack was enjoyable.Oh yeah, MGO is pretty bad.FOB's were pretty useless, too. Don't get involved in it.The story in this specific game is garbage, too.6/10, only buy it on sale. Or just pirate it, Konami deserves it."
,Recommended,287700,17875414,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Chief,10 ИЗ 10 10 ИЗ 10 ИЗ 10 10
,Recommended,287700,26133099,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Lord King,AMAZING GAME
76561198005815613,Recommended,287700,17829080,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Jokez,"Currently 70 hours in. This game is great but I wouldn't call it a masterpiece. Here's why with NO spoilers.Pros:- A Hideo Kojima Game.- Gameplay is the best in any Metal Gear Solid game.- Long and lots to do.- Buddies are a nice addition.- The game is really pretty and doesn't need an amazing computer to run it and get 60 FPS.- Fox Engine.Cons:- Story is the worst out of all MGS compared to the others.- Cutscenes are nice looking but there aren't really any moments that are memorable. I can still remember MGS3 moments and I haven't played that game in a very long time.- Kiefer Sutherland doesn't talk even when it feels like he should say something.- The games ending gets cut off probably because of budget cuts.It's a great game but I feel like its a bad Metal Gear Solid. 8/10 coming from me.Edit: Beat the game awhile back but didn't touch my review and I do have some new thoughts on the game.The gameplay was really solid. It has the best in the series BY FAR. The story though lacks and it lacks badly unlike every other MGS which made the games so good. I love story games so I loved MGS and it was one of my favorite franchases ever.Sadly, when I beat the game and learned what the ending was. I stopped playing the game and just felt like all I did was pointless. You were learn that this games story is just a side story and not what you think it is. Plus, the game isn't even finished. I know why but it still sucks that is the case. I wanted a true ending but I didn't get one. The very last scene was my favorite in the game but also what I hated most at the same time. When you get there you will know exactly what I'm talking about.MGO3 was fun though but no where near as good as MGO2 which came with MGS4 and that was probably my favorite MP game of all time but I don't really like this one. Rounds are too short, it feels very not Metal Gear Solid as well unlike MGO1 and 2. It's not terrible just not great either.NEW SCORE - 7/10."
,Recommended,287700,23130639,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Raymond,The best week in your f͏öсking life.
,Recommended,287700,17826367,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,McScrubster,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,18242045,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,mambuco93,"(No Spoilers)I'm a huge MGS fan and TPP has some amazing gameplay, customization, options and graphics and first scene is pretty good too but the problem is all the other stuff MGS used to gave us like an amazing soundtrack; epic story for lots and lots of hours (cutscenes+tapes or codecs); epic boss fights; so many plot twists (that no one could have digest in little time) and really instresting and deep caracters (now Ocelot is a p-u-s-s-y and snake is mute and with no caracter just like sniper b-o-o-b-s), there's not even a good ester egg like a mini game like on other MGS.TPP made me apreciate how amazing and special other MGS games are. Even Ground Zeroes was more epic than TPP despite being really short.TPP was my most hyped game of all time, I waited for this since the 2012 first trailer ffs but even the trailers got more cutscenes than the actual game and no the confirmed cut content would not made it better.A MGS fan knows how amazing a game can be and don't mind when other games only have 10% of that epicness, attention to detail, emotion and passion but not when it's a MGS being that.It's still a great game don't get me wrong just not a great MGS"
,Recommended,287700,18855435,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,DaCrazyDingo,"Welp I think this is funny. There is literally more options and ways to approach many mission variances and layouts than Shadow of Mordor but I see way more praise and adoration for SoM and tons of hate for the open world repetativeness of MGSV. It's taken me days of playing to get bored, and yet still intrigued to come back after some time away.It's open world, sure it can get boring. If you do things like me and just grind side missions for GMP and staff to get more developed weapons before continuing the main story.  It's intriguing enough to keep me playing. I like the weapons, the options, the stealth or the guns blazing. The game gives you a lot of ways to play. It's super pretty and gives you good amounts of customization for weapons and vehicles.The amount of hate posts from people with 100+ hours should tell you this. The game will give you 100 hours of fun before you get bored with it and make a review about how boring it is. It is definitely a solid 50+ hours of good fun. 80+ of grindy equipment/exploration fun and 100+ hours of something to do if you are bored.9/10 Solid game, just don't like the seemingly forced online component."
,Recommended,287700,17875439,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Ghostface,"As I say it before for Bioshock Infinite, this game is also one of those games that cements video gaming's status as an art form.If a game has Hideo Kojima's name on it, it's going to be a masterpiece. And...As like as the other MGS games this is an another masterpiece.It brings me back to the times when I used to play MGS 3 and the other MGS games...Amazing!"
,Not Recommended,287700,18175594,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,SpookyBoi,Gave me a literal phantom pain
,Not Recommended,287700,18152712,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Ruufiss,"In short if you bought this game thinking it would tie up loose ends for the story well no im sorry, it creates moreif you thought this game was gonna be FUN and challenging then  again no the whole story in this is just a big F U you to the fans especially the endingFor a long review this game is Not that good. I literally dragged myself to complete this just so i can say "" I beat it "" the side ops are all the same old♥♥♥♥♥♥and it get super repetitive  every side op is "" go and extract this soldier"" or go interagte this man or "" go and steal this object. and the main missions are EXACTLY the same as the side ops just  a little more interesting When it shows Cutscenes, WHEN it does. the graphics are really nothing fancy textures are tiny and graphical options are not very good since you cat choose what AA you want or the sound settings you cant choose to turn down music but turn up audio. and the entire game is  just a drag like when you are talking to skull face he talks for half the ride then you and him just stop talking for 20 mins and you drive halfway accross afghanistan. the trailers were amazing but actual gameplay and story were♥♥♥♥♥♥at first it seemd really good at first i thought this is gonna be GOTY but no motherbase is pointless The whole army thing is pointless, and the story is just, again its SUCH a drag."
,Recommended,287700,18125339,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Shark2000,"I abducted a Russian man via fulton, took him to the mother base and figured out he was named ""Frantic Crab"". I then threw him into the sea.10/10 Would abduct sea animals again."
,Not Recommended,287700,18092369,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Haru,"I enjoyed it at first, but very quickly every side-op and mission became repetitive and felt like a chore. Very few boss battles. Story was very shallow and very rushed. Gameplay is fun, but becomes repetitive and boring. You are going to get around 60-80 hours of it and then get bored, anymore than that and you are just lying to yourself."
,Recommended,287700,17915001,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,PunishedWhistle,Quiet is hot10 Keifers outta 10
,Recommended,287700,17866343,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Gorthezar,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Play This Game.
,Recommended,287700,30628521,Posted: 19 March,all,Dabi⭐,One of the best tactical shooters I've ever played. Too bad the story is so weak.
,Recommended,287700,17855643,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,randyrailgun,A Hideo Kojima Game.
,Recommended,287700,17834382,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,antianastasio,diarrhea/10
76561198052035570,Recommended,287700,17906470,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,SeaMonster,Abuse diamond dog simulator 10/10
76561198003879147,Recommended,287700,30465290,Posted: 12 March,all,Ragnar Lothbrok,Such an incredible game. Probably the best MGS game I've ever played.
,Recommended,287700,17837831,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,GeiriVaffla,A Kideo Hojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17902966,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,[USF4] ricky,this is actually the best game of all time
,Recommended,287700,24703836,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,✪ CyborgNinja,One of the best games You'll ever play!
76561198097113064,Recommended,287700,25609316,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Acho441,great game but the story is incomplete
76561198107774879,Recommended,287700,24961938,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,SanicSpeed,Get this game no questions asked.
,Recommended,287700,17921697,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,primedanny,Butter Smooth Game
,Recommended,287700,17869064,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,[FNC][KT] Eugene Nick,"Play it for the gameplay, ignore the story."
,Recommended,287700,17835278,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Icyphoenix,A part of me wants me to still be in a dream.
76561197963469414,Recommended,287700,18005694,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Catnip,"*Plays mission 43*""Staff member has died""""Staff member has died""""Staff member has died""""Staff member has died""""Staff member has died""""Staff member has died""""Staff member has died""""Staff member has died""""Staff member has died""""Staff member has died""""Staff member has died""""Staff member has died""*cries softly*"
,Recommended,287700,17851610,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Cowboykitty101,Played 1 minute. THIS GAME IS AMAZING.10 out of 10Will play more minutes
,Recommended,287700,17864969,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Spy,A Hideo Kojima game.
76561198042526886,Recommended,287700,18019378,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Scott Bowinkle,"Never has a game made me want to beat the ♥♥♥♥ out of a kid, like this one.Eli can go to hell/10Seriously though, the game's story is kinda meh. However, the gameplay, and graphics are pretty nice. If you are a hardcore MGS fan, you're probably salty as ♥♥♥♥. If you are like me, a moderate fan, you are disappointed, but entertained by the final product.Story should be better, but it's fun.6/10, it would be an 8/10 if the ""real"" ending wasn't some M. Night ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,287700,17950939,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,NyxCrab,"This game is one of the best stealth games out there atm. The graphics and optimization are beautiful, and the gameplay is amazing. The story for the most part is alright. It does have a few issues, but for the most part it works. The open world is expansive and, quite fitting ot the name, very open, and missions let you find your own path to the objective with the open world, so it means you can constantly try to find better paths to get to where you need to go. It is a little empty, being devoid of life aside from animals, and when you find an outpost filled with enemies. It is awesome to look at, as it looks like how you would expect them to look. The heroism mechanic also feels a little lackluster, but for the most part it does work fine, especially when later on you start finding high ranking soldiers to fill your mother base with. The only bad part about the game is the FoB mechanic which you are forced into, but even then the only real problem is the PvP of it which, similar to GTA Online, doesn't have any anti cheat so it is rampant with cheaters. The actual FoB itself is alright, as it basically lets you increase your staff size even more. Overall, the game is a 9/10. My last review of this game was made when I was frusturated, but I decided to go back and revise it so it isn't as crap."
,Recommended,287700,17866841,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,GavinDE,A Hideo Kojima Game.
,Recommended,287700,18094330,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,SuperSweetSucc,"Words can not describe my love for this game. It is a game with a excellent story, amazing gameplay and enough content that you would need a fulton balloon the size of Texas to play it all. The way MGSV lets you tackle different ways to complete a mission is outstanding. Do you wanna go sneaky beaky like or guns blazing like a true patriot? You can do anything in this game and still return to the battlefield and find more things to do. The only downside is the cliffhanger ending. This game deserves a game of the year."
76561198150885401,Recommended,287700,17986826,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Dr. El Jeffe,You get a puppy.
76561198006545370,Recommended,287700,28394097,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Shaun,"Simply put: Stealth done right, and it's the best stealth game since Thief 2..."
,Recommended,287700,17867605,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Albert,Best game everrrr
,Recommended,287700,17867612,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,shane7218,"If there is such a thing as a perfect game, this is the closest I have ever seen. incredible!"
,Recommended,287700,17867406,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SatiricalZero,"Get told to stay low to avoid a spotlight. Stand up because ♥♥♥♥ the man. Die from chopper fire. Zero regrets.Start to learn how to use Mother Base. Prepare to open iDroid. Get BSOD and my computer restarts. Zero regrets.Get this game if you're a Metal Gear fan, the story has all the craziness that you would expect in a realistic setting from Metal Gear, plus all the gameplay from Ground Zeros. Plus it runs smooth, even on my 5 year old computer with a 2 year old GPU."
,Recommended,287700,18020101,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,blood rose 블러드 로즈,idk
76561197970396921,Not Recommended,287700,18121058,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Makaroner,It's hard to recommend this game. It's got some pretty decent gameplay.However it isn't finshed and suffers badly for it.Get it on a sale or something.
,Recommended,287700,17918094,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Tightfisted,"Amazing game, great story, good gameplay, well optimized, a worthy follow up in the Metal Gear Solid series 10/10!"
,Recommended,287700,17842569,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,humanvegetableonline2002,"This game will destroy your life.But in all seriousness, this game has so much depth, you'll lose your sense of time and being becoming one with the game. This game will become your life. There are plenty of missions that each have their own feel. All missions are not copy and paste missions with set waypoints. The game provides you with enough tools and the bare minimum amount of direction to complete the missions either poorly or like a boss.The graphics look amazing enough though I am running a computer that's a few years old. I thought Metal Gear Solid 4 was amazing. This game makes MGS4 look like MGS3.This game is hard. You'll be challenged. Even though you have an intel team telling you to expect danger, even though you have a dog that can smell everyone and everything within a mile radius, a robot hand which can act as a sonar to detect enemies nearby, I still find myself messing up and getting caught on half the missions. When that happens, the following battle makes sure that I will probably die. There are plenty of tense moments and it feels like I'm constantly trying to defuse many bombs.The game constantly drips in new tools, challenges, and events so you're never bored.The mother base development part is a cult-like management mini-game that I find myself looking at every now and then to issue orders, develop cool stuff, and make more cheddar. It's like your very own ant farm which you can't stop looking at every 5 minutes. You don't need to look at it but you want to. You start to develop an itch that you scratch when you're waiting for your helicopter to do stuff.Also, there's a 1v1 infiltration/defense multiplayer mode that you get in MISSION 22. I can't say that I've won one infiltration mission... or even come close... I wonder if it's even possible? Three rockets from the defender is enough for a victory for the defender. Still, if you manage to win, that's money in the bank. Also, this pay-to-play stuff is way over-blown from what people where saying. You do not need to pay anything to enjoy anything.HIDEO KOJIMA is a man who has brought nothing but critically acclaimed and universally loved video games to the world. Every new Metal Gear Solid game that he has brought to this world is always pushing the boundaries by bringing new ideas to the table. It never stagnates or even goes backwards like so many video game series. His high attention to detail and unwavering commitment to quality have bred many loyal fans. It is unforunate that Konami gave HIDEO KOJIMA the boot, a very controversial move.Nevertheless, he ends this series on a very high note even with all the Konami-related problems.It is my hope that this man continues to make video games even at his current age of 52 [Sep '15]. I am not joking. This man is really that old.I'm already a demon.P.S. There's are several endings to this game. Afterwards, I'm just like BRUH, I can't even.P.P.S. The game ultimately feels like it's missing something (phantom pain?). It feels incomplete. ""Beat"" Chapter 2 - Race, and you'll see. You feel it too, don't you? My missions. It's like they're all still there...  Kojima-san, mission 51 DLC pls.Spoiler Free P.S.A. Equip the butterfly front emblem a.s.a.p. and leave it there forever."
,Recommended,287700,17829318,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Lexar™,A Hideo Kojima game
,Recommended,287700,23862095,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,"Fabulous ""Canaille"" Gordon","You know why the second chapter is that short ?They fired Kojima, can't finish the game, Konami pls.Great game, but bad and too short end.20-3(for the end)/20, buy it."
,Recommended,287700,18006649,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Chilled,"Plot spoilers aheadA review from a longtime fanPros/Cons:+Gameplay options are diverse, allowing multiple ways to tackle challenges+Fox Engine. I've seen people run the game on rigs below the minimum requirements with roughly 30 fps. A decent PC built in the last 2 years should allow for 60 fps. All while achieving beautiful models and art direction+The AI gears themselves towards your tactics as you progress, often forcing you to reinvent how you'll kit yourself out in future ops.+Single player offers tens of hours of content. Progressing mother base and obtaining new gear keeps the gameplay addictive while not feeling too grindy.+Combat and stealth both complement each other better than any previous metal gear.+Voice acting is superb, even if sutherland's lines are sparse.+blueprints, side ops, and collectables add for a nice distraction from the main storyline+Weather system adds creative tactical options that both help and hinder the player while being immersive+companions/buddies offer unique gameplay options and balance each other out nicely. All being situational-A weak second chapter. Often raising more questions than it answers.-Online mode inconsistenciesSummary:Within two weeks MGSV has infected my mind. In moments where I've spent time away from the game it remains constant in my mind. How I've chosen to deal with every encounter and the sprawling bases flooded with guards create an environment of constant tension. This tension is complemented by the dark tone set throughout the game, trailers leading in to the downfall of big boss and setting up key events from the MSX titles of the early 90's, as the game would have you believe anyway.The first act follows a revenge plot following the events of Ground Zeroes. The game does an excellent job teaching you the core mechanics within the first 5 hours with its opening sequence and some main ops following it, and from there it continues to amaze with its hand crafted base designs following each main op, all of which synch into the games freeroam mode, where you can complete side content. Everything given the first act has a consistent air of quality to it. It ends with the core of the plot set before it tied up, but also leading into plot threads that developed within the game itself. It seems for many, given the negative reviews that the game could have ended there.The second half begins, titled ""Race"", and the race seems to be what time kojipro and team had to compile whatever assets they'd had left before closing shop. It's no mystery to fans the drama circling around konami and kojima productions, and throughout this chapter you can feel the games budget take a life of its own as things just seem to happen with little building up between them, or having never been concluded. I can't help but feel Kojima didn't intend for this to be a missing link, but more an addition of what was to come of future installments of the series. People are enraged about an important cut mission, and for good reason, given it tied up the biggest loose end in the game. I find those same fans make the error of placing this game as a conclusion to the series, and after playing it I realize it was never intended to be the end. Just given the surrounding drama and events outside of the game, it's possibly the last great Metal Gear we'll get, and there's a somber feeling in knowing that, but the conflicting ideals of a publisher and its dev team are not at the fault of the game itself.To give a negative review just on that basis alone would discredit all of the things Metal Gear Solid V does right, and there's little to say it's done wrong. The sting of one of gamings most passionate dev teams dissolving shouldn't play into the merrits of the best stealth action game released to date.10/10"
,Recommended,287700,17842958,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,A Box of Doom,It's k.[EDIT]This game has emotionaly destroyed me. All other games are just disappointing now after playing this and im too emotionaly compromised to play this game. THANKS KOJIMA!
,Recommended,287700,17965943,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Johan Tiberius,"-Has a ton of content to play(I'm 75 hours in and only have 60% completion) and two large areas to explore-You can choose to play completely stealthy or go guns blazing-Has an amazing day/night cycle and weather system which can affect how you carry out the mission at hand-Tons of toys to play with on the battlefield-Game is very well optimized however, you are capped to 60fps.-The game looks great for what it is. It isn't gonna blow you away with the graphical properties but since the game is so well optimized, using DSR or VSR for your respective card(s) and you will see some improvements in visuals-The voice acting is superb for most if not all characters-Not as cutscene heavy as previous Metal Gear games since they put a lot of the story/backstory in cassettes-A true masterpiece by Hideo Kojima and his team-Side OPS missions can be repetitive, but then again you dont have to do those10/10 would play Darude - Sandstorm during a sandstorm again"
,Recommended,287700,17966171,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Heartbreaker,D-Walker has a great butt. 10/10 would look at again.
76561198042940557,Recommended,287700,17985988,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Br0leg,Bossception
76561197966041617,Recommended,287700,17972712,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Dinger,this game is awesome.
,Recommended,287700,17964037,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,BoyToy92,"Any MGS fan worth his salt will agree that it stumbles with the storyline but the gameplay is near-perfect, sadly the plot and it's oftentimes shocking delivery which are mainstays of the series are very much lacking here."
,Recommended,287700,17965272,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Xecil,"Apparently it's written and directed by Hideo Kojima.The Fox Engine runs incredibly smooth, the gameplay is phenominal, and the graphics are gorgeous. The attention to detail for the small things is a nice touch as well. Old, worn, rusted Afghani signs all over an outpost, and newer Russian signs to the side help give it the feel of a newly Soviet occupied Afghanistan.The story isn't entirely presented to you up-front like it has been in the previous titles. Alot of the story is presented from the cassettes and from eavesdropping on other people, as well as the fewer than normal cutscenes. There's been a lot of negative comments on this fact, but as an open world game where you can choose which missions to take, I'll take the hit for what we received in return.Hands down, this game gets my vote for game of the year. I can't wait for MGO."
76561198080554946,Recommended,287700,18007411,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,antmilldeception,Right up there with Goldeneye 007...and that's saying a lot.  This is one of the best games I've ever played hands down.
,Not Recommended,287700,18053675,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Aslanidou,dejected sigh/10
76561198150662794,Recommended,287700,17972238,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,kevin.howell86,"This shouldn't run on my old laptop, but I tried it anyways and it looks great and runs stable.  Only 1 instance of lag while running this and having skype and facebook both open at the same time draining resources."
,Recommended,287700,17896746,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,jek,starts raining in central africaplays toto africa10/10
,Recommended,287700,17842737,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Kauppias,Its either a movie... Or real life...
76561198010780000,Recommended,287700,17841767,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Seiyi,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17867600,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Rinshu,Salute to Hideo Kojima and his troops ∠(￣^￣)
,Recommended,287700,22946367,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Nezza,"This is one of my favorite stealth games I've ever played. Sure, the story ended unfinished and abruptly, and the gameplay is mainly outdoors instead of the classic indoor mgs gameplay. Oh, and they had a $20 Demo, but all that aside, I have over 300 hours into MGSV (i play offline a lot) And the game still has things to offer. Even though they cut content from the game, I'd pay for it if it ever came out as dlc. Or maybe we have to get rid of all the nukes. Someone get onto that, i suck at fob missions."
,Recommended,287700,17977967,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Missile Mitch,I dont know what the ♥♥♥♥ just happened in that first part of the game but i know its worth the money
76561198064044464,Recommended,287700,18006961,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,MightyPig,♥♥♥♥ing AwesomePD: ♥♥♥♥ Konami
,Recommended,287700,18007455,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,softgoth '96,At least chapter one was good
,Recommended,287700,17971879,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Squiddiot,"MGSV:TPP made me realize that I'm a serial kidnapper. Every outpost starts with the same question; ""Who should I steal today...?""10/10, would fulton extract everything in sight again.( On a side note, I like how everyone rushed to♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game as soon as they found out it's missing a chapter. )"
,Recommended,287700,17983526,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,♥Flake♥,"can't stop, won't stop playing this game... probably... please give us co-op"
,Recommended,287700,17964590,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Nico Nico Nii!!,i miss Quiets boobs :^(
76561198166094622,Recommended,287700,17842903,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Fizzychris,BEST YET TO COME. HERE TO YOU KOJIMA
,Recommended,287700,30302361,Posted: 3 March,all,DrunkBOB,Masterpiece.﻿
76561198046628578,Recommended,287700,17953199,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Ima Nurrd,HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥HOLY♥♥♥♥ 10/10 HOLY ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287700,17856510,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dex,"A masterpiece, five years, perhaps even more, in the making.Buy this game."
76561198078921740,Recommended,287700,33244189,Posted: 4 July,all,LogIsThick,This game makes me want to kill children.Episode 18 for the reference
,Recommended,287700,33123411,Posted: 2 July,all,Molten,"Honestly, this is 100%, my favourite game. A very lengthy campaign, near infinite gameplay potential; Overall an amazing addition to the franchise.If you haven't already, buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198042525851,Recommended,287700,33369834,Posted: 8 July,all,ゴゴゴゴゴゴゴゴゴゴゴゴゴゴゴゴ,cant kill kids 0/10
,Recommended,287700,29245138,Posted: 14 January,all,Aije,Awsome!
,Recommended,287700,32894482,Posted: 27 June,all,CluTaah,Best Spy Simulator 10/10
76561198074288231,Recommended,287700,18630389,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dúnadan of the North,"Well, there is a lot to say.The gameplay is pretty fun. I quite enjoyed the overall experience and what it had to offer. It definitely is one of the best MGS game to-date and there are very few faults in the actual gameplay. Though my biggest thign about it has to be the lack of actual bosses. MGS is known for its boss battles and how rememberable they are. This is the complete opposite, however. You have the Skulls, Quiet and Metal Gear. I guess Meteal Gear and Quiet being the only 'real' boss battles.The start is rather slow, but is excellent in terms of story-telling. It leaves us thinking ""What the ♥♥♥♥ just happened"" and already we are making theories from our own experience of it. This carries us on from when our original base, in GZ, met a mix of 9/11 and Hiroshimo from the Kikes known as XOF led by Skull Face.After that, we are taken to Afghanistan during the Soviet war there. Though a nice scene to put us in, it lacks the feeling of an actual war since the open-world map is only populated by Soviet soldiers and no sightings of any Mujas. It would be nice to see fights between the two like you saw in MGS 4.We do various missions there, such as taking Russo-English speakers in order to udnerstand what peeople are saying, taking POWs and various other things just to get us use to the game mechanics and map. Our first real mission, after getting Kaz back, is to get a stinger missile from a soviet base. Once done, we encounter Skull♥♥♥♥face and Metal Gear. We then do various other missions until we have to hunt him down again, with Huey, where we fully see the Metal Gear, We then track down Huey, who had been working for XOF these past years, and have our first encounter with Metal Gear. But all we do is run away and escape via chopper.We then have to go to Apefrica to, again, follow Skull♥♥♥♥face. Turns out, the mercs operating there are training Nigglet soldiers in order to fight for them (sadly we can't kill the little apes otherwise it is 'Game over'). We are then ordered to go to an oil base, to sabotage it, where we find tons of dead bodies in there. We then take the children in to our base where one of the nigglet kids ask us to find their chief nigglet. We go to an old factors, which is being used for tons of test subjects for a new biological weapon and chief nigglet is dead.Turns out, there is a disease, created by skull face, to attack people speaking specific languages. Skull face explains, later on, that he wants to create a world without languages to escape the grasp of Cipher  (Major ZOG, I mean Zero) who has created a world order, mirroring our own one, which is also a ZOG.We finally have our battle with metal gear, (a complete cancer to fight and gave me 6 different forms of cancer during the battle) Quiet leaves, and some other pointless♥♥♥♥♥♥happens until it turns out The snake we have been playing as is not Snake at all but infact, the medic from GZ. The real Big Boss actually escaped from the hospital and went into hiding, to create 'Outer Heaven'.I can see what they were trying to do. You, the player, have become Big Boss and become apart of his legend. This is a homage to MGS 2's story with Raiden. But, like MGS 2, backfired and has had negative feedback from players. It was a good idea but was poorly executed and leaves just as many questions than answers. All for a plot twist.Overall, I'd get this game if you're a MGS fan. Gmaeplay is fun, story is rather udnerwealming and disapointing."
,Recommended,287700,32722096,Posted: 24 June,all,Jamie,Its the 'shawshank redemtion' of all video games. You feel for every character and storyline is fantastic. This is the first metal gear game I ever bought and I was very new to the style of this game but it delivers so well. If you feel the need for a new game give this a go. There is something for everyone in this I know you wont be let down.
76561198086522043,Recommended,287700,25095874,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,twattymctwatface,if youre looking for an amazing story its not here.
,Recommended,287700,24647381,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,News,big baWs
76561198018509293,Recommended,287700,17978007,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,lotuspulse,"Incredibly replayable, and every person will experience the game differently due to how open the playstyle options are."
,Recommended,287700,26924554,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YellowRaceCar 👻,"Don't like stealth? Who cares. Go into every base and just shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥up. You like stealth? Oh hey, you can do that in this game too! Never played any metal gear game before? DOESN""T MATTER GAMES DOPE AND SO IS THE METAL GEAR FRANCHISE.This game is literally 20 bucks at the time i wrote this. This is a ♥♥♥♥ing steal. Go buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game right now. I love this game and you will too. You literally get your moneys worth with all the different wants of approaching different situtations. There's a lot of stuff to develop and the buddies in this game are hella nice.I LOVE IT."
,Recommended,287700,33409798,Posted: 9 July,all,Killerhawk2002,best stealth game with an immersive narrative. supports many gameplay styles. many unique and interesting characters all with there own backstory. my favorite is dd.my only complainment is you cant kill children like wtf kojima!!!5/10 for not being able to rekt children with a grenade
,Recommended,287700,32304935,Posted: 9 June,all,BlinMeister,issa good gaem.
,Recommended,287700,22201036,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,[-WAN-] LichLord,"As a huge fan of the Metal Gear franchise I would have to say I am slighlty biased in my opinion of Phantom Pain. But, even so, this game is awesome! Kojima has done a fantastic job of integrating open world mechanics into the stealth gameplay that Metal Gear is so famous for. Like many other fans, I was highly looking forward to the release of MGSV, as the open world element is new to the series, and done very well. The voice acting is, as usual, done to a superb degree. I would highly recommend this game to any fans of Metal Gear, but also to anyone who is a fan of stealth and open world in general, as the plot line for PP is quite friendly to players new to the franchise, as it doesn't require an immense knowledge of previous instalments in the series."
76561198078694054,Recommended,287700,22192255,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Tim Sola,"I love this game, I don't love konami. (seriously google the cut content on this game...sh!t's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,287700,17981344,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,[A]dmiral Floofee,"50 hours in, 30% complete. This game is a true masterpiece of its time. Well thought-out missions, a good story (so far) and TONS of customizations. Definitely my GOTY"
,Recommended,287700,24427438,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,porky112,If you are a fan of stealth games you must buy this!
,Recommended,287700,17939048,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,HRPrime,"This has got to be the best $60 purchase ever. At the time of writing this I have played for 23 Hours and only completed 12% of the game.A completionist Nightmare.(Below was added when I was 63 Hours in and only 50% completed on September 26)After finishing the game's main story I am left disappointed. I found the story interesting enough but since Konami is Konami and Konami is the worst, they cut out the 3rd chapter. The game will leave you frustrated for a while and even more mad at konami.I still say you should get because I, personally, never really get bored of it. Just remember that this game is like a some food that tastes great but makes you upset later after its finished."
76561198086547461,Recommended,287700,30185708,Posted: 25 February,all,Wolf Wang,"So as a newcomer to the insanity that is the mind of Hideo Kojima, and my only previously played metal gear game being metal gear rising revengence, AKA: Raiden Slices The World, i was going in to MGSV: TPP with little to no idea of what to expect. Now im going to put this review in three sections, one for each time frame for when i played the game, my experience during the game, my thoughts after finishing the game/learning of what a ""real"" metal gear game is, and my thoughts after playing some of the other games in the franchise.So while playing through the game i thought that it was a pretty great game and that it was hot stuff, i mean a real masterpiece, this was an amazing game (which it definately is) and that honestly it was the pinnacle of stealth games. (this was my first proper stealth game if you can even call it that) So in conclusion while playing through the game i believed it to be a masterpiece and that it was flawless.Then after finishing the game and being told what a true metal gear game is like according. And i then believed that the game wasn't as great as i had thought and the game was more of a 7/10 and i thought it didn't deserve the 8s, 9s, or even 10s it had recieved. (especially after learning about the 3rd chapter that never was) I then began to hyper-critiqe the game pointing out all of the flaws (including the things that were weren't flaws really, like how people complain about the whole ""it's not a true stealth game"") and claiming that they ruined the game. So basically after finishing the game i had entered hyper-critiqe mode and nit-picked at every thing that wasn't from a previous metal gear solid game despite the fact that i had never played a metal gear solid game previously.Finally after playing Metal Gear Solid 1, i can say that in short, Metal Gear Solid V: TPP is a Metal Gear game, yes that's without a shadow of a doubt, but MGSV is not a Metal Gear Solid game, if that makes any sense, kind of like how Metal Gear Rising Revengence isn't a Metal Gear Solid game. The reason why i say this is because MGSV is so different from a traditional MGS game like say MGS 1, while in MGSV i can charge into an outpost and punch everyone in the face without a care in the world, it would not fly at all in MGS 1, i could maybe get one enemy and then get mowed down. MGS 1 is a hardcore stealth game, while MGSV is an open world action shooter with heavy stealth elements, and have now come to see MGSV as it's own thing as opposed to a ""real"" MGS gameSo in conclusion MGSV is a great game that i honestly can not recommend more even if you have never played a metal gear solid game, i can almost guarantee that you will enjoy playing it. Granted if you are an uber hardcore MGS fan who thinks that even the slightest change will ruin the formula then you may not enjoy this game as much as others might, but honestly this game is great and is (at least until i play the rest of the MGS franchise) one of my favorite games out there, is it perfect no, but is damn close in my opinion. 9/10, would spend the exact same price for the special edition as the regular game costs again"
,Recommended,287700,26282367,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Gagurum,"Conociendo la historia de metal gear de forma muy resumida, MGSV:TPP es apenas, un buen juego, pues, aunque con una muy buena jugabilidad y increible variedad de opciones, solo hay una manera correcta de jugar, la mitad del juego se pasa esperando, la base madre es un desperdicio , el progreso de la historia es horrible, los ""jefes"" son la peor parte del juego siendo tediosos y para nada satisfactorios, la estetica aunque muy de mi agrado es desaprovechada limitandose a mostrar escenarios completamente insulsos y los personajes aunque interesantes no resultan para nada ""agradables"" y no podrian importarme menos.MGSV:TPP es un 7, pues aunque cuenta con una increible jugabilidad, su intento de ser impactante y mostrarse muy brillante resulta completamente desepcionante como videojuego."
,Recommended,287700,24976659,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ares,"Incredible Story, Cutscenes, Gameplay, Waifu with huge breasts in revealing clothes that you get a close-up of in your Helicopter.Video game art. A true masterpiece. 10/10"
76561198095959346,Recommended,287700,29083460,Posted: 7 January,all,SKYWOLF,"I am only 30 hrs in, but just love it! the dynamics and game play is great and I like the variation of items, weapons and all. It's a combination of sniper elite, farcry, just cause and others..and makes it a perfect all in one 1st person shooter game for me. I am getting addiced already hehe."
76561198216156597,Recommended,287700,26422776,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mark30001,"Well... It's hard to describe thatWhen you finally get a game, that you have desired for a long time... Those feelings change you.Now that I have owned The Definitive Experience of Metal Gear Solid V, I have earned the LVL 5  Badge, and the Foil Badge, the profile background Diamond Dogs, all The Emoticons... It's in this moment when you discover that this game have changed you.It can turn into an adiction, but between the adiction and the love, there is another thing... This is it, summarized in a wordHype.The highest state of gamers."
76561198112792224,Recommended,287700,24820740,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Seppo Taalasmaa,YOU SHOULD BUY IT
76561198223022440,Recommended,287700,29555248,Posted: 28 January,all,Okami195,"Love this game, even though it can get very frustrating."
,Recommended,287700,26353739,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SwiggitinsSwootins,"To start of, this review has spoilers of previous Metal Gear games, so if you're new to the franchise read with caution. For convenience I will split this review into two parts: Story, including spoilers and Gameplay, free of any spoilers.GAMEPLAY:Gameplay in The Phantom Pain is basically the same as in Ground Zeroes with a few tweaks.Movement and CQC  in The Phantom Pain are smoother and work better.The game is open world, so there are dozens of different ways you can approach a mission. You can scout the area from far away and then try to sneak in undetected. You can try to snipe enemies from far away. You can equip a Battledress and go full ham with automatic weapons. You can even order an airstrike to the area.The enemy AI is vastly improved in The Phantom Pain. The guards are smarter than they look and act more like human beings. If they hear a noise or see something suspicious, they might come to take a look alone, they might go get a comrade to come with them, they might might call another guard who is closer by to check it out for them, or they simply might just shrug it of as their imagination and not go check it at all.Another good example of the enemy AI is that if they see their buddy die to a sniper, they run to cover, look for the sniper with binoculars and once they find the sniper they try to pacify the sinper with mortar fire, and might send a team to the snipers confirmed position to flank him.Another important part of The Phantom Pains gameplay is that it actively tries to counter your strategies. If you do alot of headshots, the guards start wearing bulletproof helmets, making it harder to get a good headshot. If you use alot of smoke or sleep grenades the guards start to use gasmasks or if you complete alot of missions with perfect stealth the guards will install security cameras to mission areas and etc.The games way of countering your playstyles encourages you to try out new tactics and use your head.I think The Phantom Pain has the best gameplay of all the Metal Gear games. Only cons that I have is the health system and lack of proper boss fights. The traditional health bar that can be replenished with rations and instant noodles has been replaced with the more 'modern' system similar to the Call of Duty games. Only way to know that you have low health is that you screen turns red, and you can easily replenish it by laying down for a while. Personally I prefer the more ""old school"" way.This game has only few fights that can be called ""boss fights"". This is a shame, since Metal Gear series is known for it's unique and epic boss battles. Few of these so called boss fights seem a bit lazy.(The Skull Snipers)Gameplay: 9/10STORY:The story in The Phantom Pain might seem lacking. That is because... well... it is. The game consists of two chapters. I believe there was originally supposed to be a thrid chapter, but it was scrapped for unknown reasons. This is a shame, because the third chapter would have wrapped up the game nicely. If you wish to know what happened toSahelanthropus after Eli stole it from Mother Base, you have to do research online.To truly get a grasp of The Phantom Pains story, you should know the story of Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker and Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes. If you don't want to play these games, there are various videos in YouTube that you can watch.The Phantom Pain truly is the game that wraps up most missing links of the Metal Gear series. It explainsHow Big Boss ""survived"" the fight with Solid Snake and destruction of Outer Heaven in the original Metal Gear game. It explains why Zero disappeared and why he ends up in vegetative state. It also explains how the Cobra unit got their abilities, why did Miller eventually end up hating Big Boss and who in the end killed Miller, connection between Revoler Ocelot, Liquid Snake and Psycho Mantis. And etc.Characters are likeable and hateable. At a first glance Skull Face might seem like a generic moustache twirling villain, but in the end his motives are unique.The games story would be so much better if chapter three would be released but that seems unlikely.Story: 7/10Overall I would rate this game 8/10.Is it worthy to be the last Metal Gear Solid game? I believe it is. With this game, the story of Metal Gear is finished."
,Recommended,287700,23247292,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Darkstalker Kaathe,"Here's my review .. im not metal gear solid fans but honestly i like this game .Its Challenging for stealth game , gameplay system is good easy to learn , multiplayer its fun , character design and concept environment is amazing . But sadly this game is politic propaganda for real . Well Hideo Kojima suck George Bush♥♥♥♥♥♥.And the Game is totally good . Thanks to Hideo Kojima . Konami is dead Without Kojima"
76561198066703751,Recommended,287700,30645471,Posted: 20 March,all,(INFA)zangoman pina coldaladin,"I love this game, very fun to play and spend time on, for sure reccomend it!"
76561198306993205,Recommended,287700,28426920,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Obarg71,"Good game, sadly it didn't have the chapters that was supposed to be,."
,Recommended,287700,29437223,Posted: 22 January,all,Golden,I have played them all now so here's what I think.Peace Walker <<< Metal Gear Solid < Metal Gear Solid 4 < Metal Gear Solid 5 < Metal Gear Solid 3 < Metal Gear Solid 2AND I WILL FIGHT ANYBODY WHO DISAGREES(I haven't finished Peace Walker or 5 but I've finished all the other ones)
76561198007345506,Recommended,287700,28637788,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Zerthimon,I am in love with Quiet.10/10
,Recommended,287700,29489344,Posted: 25 January,all,Kappy Hamper™,"This fifth installment in the franchise is a masterpiece, unfinished but still a masterpiece in it's own right.Would play it like a damn fiddle again."
76561198026295792,Recommended,287700,17928785,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Cayde-6,A Hideo Kojima Game
76561198044728874,Recommended,287700,25578928,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,InnerMiddle,"Insane attention to details. Incredible graphics. Gives the player everything they could want. Customization, open world, great story with developed lore, hidden secrets, multiple ways to play.Multiplayer is pretty good.My only comment is that I wish Konami would have let Kojima fully realize this game. I'm glad he's moved on."
76561198083191139,Recommended,287700,24567511,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,filmoret,Probably the best game I have ever played.
76561198079571401,Recommended,287700,23289538,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ControllerOfHillz,Only 1% completed. 2.7hrs...
,Recommended,287700,24069825,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lonk,"Fantastic port. Great game overall. Definitely worth the full purchase price of $40. If you're patient, you can grab a good sale price nowadays too. I only paid $28 for mine, and at that price I am extremely satisfied so far. I've put in 15 or so hours at the point of this review and my completion rating is still under 10%.The good:>Very engaging open world gameplay.>Huge amount of upgrades and unlocks that let you play the game in a huge variety of ways>Great graphics>Silky smooth framerate>Decent options for graphics. post-processing and sound to help you find the sweet spot of performance>Overall a very worthwhile port that shows commitment to PC gamers.>Extremely good value. Even at full price, you can get your money's worth out of the sea of content this game hasThe bad:>Story is a bit heavy-handed and messy. But then again; it's a MGS game, so this is kind of par for the course>There are only a handful of goals for all missions - Find bluprints, extract prisoners, destroy targets>Boss fights aren't super exciting compared to previous MGS games>The game intro goes on for a fairly long time. You have to wait a little while for the game to open up freedom-wise"
,Recommended,287700,26635009,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Sherektion,"Great game, gameplay is smooth even if story is a bit messy at times. Absolutely recommend buying it."
76561198160819014,Recommended,287700,32664155,Posted: 22 June,all,Tom Cruise,#♥♥♥♥onami
76561198041052939,Recommended,287700,24772998,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,janis692,Something more than just a game.
,Recommended,287700,29546018,Posted: 28 January,all,ye boi,quiet = ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)ddog = dogDirected by Hideo Kojimaalso Skulls
76561198077723903,Recommended,287700,26610148,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ric_tre,"Game itself is OK, a lot more than expected.But if, like me, you were a fan of the franchise's plot and story, you're probably going to have a bad time."
,Recommended,287700,26543950,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Drewvakiin,"This game.This game is amazing.Sure it starts off slow and it took me hours to get to the action but when I got to it, it was like heroine.I'm selling my school books for this games DLC.I'm skipping school to play this.I quit my job to play this.At the time of writing I have been living in the bathroom of a Dennys and mooch off their wifi and live off the rats that every Dennys has.10/10 would ruin my life again."
,Recommended,287700,26620704,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,basiQ,"Just in case you guys forgot, this is a Hideo Kojima game."
,Recommended,287700,17939872,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,warlockobo,"I'm almost tempted to give this game a negative review simply because of the ending, but I won't. A lot of the thrill of a game is the ride towards the end, and Metal Gear Solid V is definitely one hell of a ride.The shooting is so smooth and pleasant, the character interactions and story build-up are phenomenal, the customization and the routes you can take to solving a problem are nearly endless, and the stealth is one of the best in video game history (but that's every Metal Gear game).Plenty of side missions to do; they do get repetitive after some time but the different ways to tackle problems can relieve the monotony. Will you blow up the tank with a launcher or sneak in and plant C4? Will you do that before or after you take out the snipers? How will you take them out? Grenades? Sniper rifle? CQC? Many different answers to one question, and there are a TON of questions.I like to judge a game based on the price and how many hours I get out of it depending on the genre. For open world games I expect about a dollar an hour, and in that regard MGSV:TPP definitely delivers. People that are fans of the series as a whole are giving negative reviews simply because the story feels unfinished, and I can understand where they are coming from. I completely agree that the ending of this game is a travesty and almost ruins the entire experience, but there's just one thing keeping the ending from ruining everything. The fun I've had.I enjoyed and will remember the characters in this game forever. The sniper, Quiet, may just be one of my favorite video game characters of ALL TIME. I'll be honest, this was my first entry in to the Metal Gear series, but the first 40 hours of this game encouraged me to learn the ENTIRE story, and left a feeling in me that wants to play all the other games in the series.If you're a previous fan, buy this game. I think that you'll enjoy the ride enough so that when it's time to get off you aren't too disappointed. If you've never played a MGS game before, buy this game. The ride will be something completely new and fantastic. For previous fans and for not, you will get a lot of time and enjoyment out of this game.I truly believe this is 10/10."
,Recommended,287700,26571135,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jole,10/10One of the best stealth-action games in the world! This is a 'must play' for every gamer out there. It has masterpiece cutscenes and very amazing gameplay that will keep you on the edge for dozens and dozens of hours.
76561198291312032,Recommended,287700,26548706,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,StrawHat,"Meh, not the best one out there, but still fun. very different from the series..fresh"
,Recommended,287700,26463742,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DaveTheCat,"Gameplay wise, probably the best in the series. Easy to get sucked in to, so player beware."
,Recommended,287700,17993440,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Kaho,"I can only recommend this game for some reasons eastereggs, arcs, and gameplay. It plays good, but the storyline is a major disappointment. Everyone who thinks its a great storyline should really get their memory checked, because the story is unfinished and its rubbish.never forget unfinished gamehttps://archive.is/SmZPo"
,Recommended,287700,17962113,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Razeam,The best stealth gameplay I've ever experienced! An open world game with an overwhelming variety of ways to tackle its equally overwhelming amount of content.
76561197980302902,Recommended,287700,17865152,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,PapaNurgle,Thanks Hideo for this Masterpiece 10/10
,Recommended,287700,17960253,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Nostromo,Love you Quiet <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,287700,17899527,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Beaverfever,"Best pc port of a game I have ever played. It runs at 60fps with ease and it is really fun to play. An awesome story and amazing gameplay. Some of the best graphics I have seen in a game for a while, I can easily rate this a solid 8 outta 8 m8"
,Recommended,287700,17969991,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Jblade35,"Story lite, but the gameplay is superb and satisfying."
76561197991084962,Recommended,287700,17969211,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,The Gunslinger,Awesome Game!!!
76561198012824299,Recommended,287700,17970463,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,morgana1972,"Last played on PS2  awesome for its time. Now? I've only been playing for plus 30 hours... Great game a classic in the making. the learning curve can be steep but very easy to pick up, patience is key to the game, & be sure to rescue the pup. 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,287700,17970377,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,BurTonio,"Hands Down, one of the best games i have ever played. I thought Ground Zeroes was amazing! But this, this is something even better! I love over the top games because theyre soo fun (Take Metal Gear Rising for instance), i mean people these days are wanting realistic stories,  but I mean theyre games! but this game always has a little history to it, fun and challanging gameplay, beautiful visuals and it makes you keep coming back for more! Dont really think its wroth £45 though, more like £35-£40."
,Recommended,287700,17970569,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Flaminx,"Got spotted after blowing up walkers, **** hits the fan,  Quiet begins slaughtering enemies, Africa is now a warzone as I call in the chopper.MISSILE ALERTChopper has to take evasive action.BEGINNING ATTACK RUNChopper now decides to strafe enemies with rockets, I didn't ask for thisSnipe the remaining shellshocked soldiers and finally get on the chopper for evac.Oh yeah Take on me by Aha was being blasted by my chopper the whole time.10/10"
76561198063078779,Recommended,287700,17969918,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Delta,Great game.
,Recommended,287700,18357938,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Kefka,"OK SO, I finally finished MGS5 the other night and I've been mulling over my thoughts, as they are pretty mixed.Overall, I'm disappointed. Not because the game wasn't fun, it was fun as hell, and under any other title this game would easily be a 9/10 on gameplay alone.But this isn't some random AAA standalone, this was supposed to be the final entry in a sprawling game series that connects the dots in a storyline spanning 60 years of fictionalized history. The twists, turns, betrayals and revelations in store were, if the trailers could be trusted, going to be epic.Why does the cast of MGS3 form the Patriots, and how to they come to be the illuminati-style shadow gov't behind the events of the 21st century? Who are Skullface and the XOF, and what is their relationship with Zero and FOXHOUND? Why did they attack mother base? What became of Les Enfants Terribles; how do they end up in the ant-gov't terror cell in the first 2 MGS games?If you're wondering the answers to some of these questions, well, keep wondering pal.The cardinal sin of MGS5 is the decision to leave story and style behind in favour of gameplay that might appeal to a larger audience.Love it or hate it, you can't deny that the series had a very distinguishable design.Snake's long codec speeches about the nature of being a soldier, the human cost of war, corruption of people in power and the secrecy of nations have been replaced with flat, uninspiring rumblings of revenge toward a cardboard cut-out villian that lack the meticulous context and deeper meaning of their earlier counterparts.Fluid, story-based objectives are cast aside in favour of cut-and-paste military missions whose justification amounts to little more than 'because Miller/Ocelot told me to'.Outlandish, sadistic characters have had their personality stripped away to better suit the story, such as it is. What happened to the maniacal showboatting Ocelot of MGS3, or the sadistic but purposeful Ocelot of MGS1 and 2? Why does the game insist we call the cowboy-turned-plank-of-wood we get in MGS5 by the same name? And where the hell is Zero? Isn't he supposed to be behind, like, literally every event in every game?As a video game fan, it's a fine game. Really, it is. If you've never played or never really liked Metal Gear Solid, I'd recommend picking it up. You'll get 80+ hours of solid playtime. The base management element ties into the gameplay beautifully, and the FOB missions are pretty fun, I guess.But if you, like me, allowed yourself to buy into the hype and looked forward to a return to the glory days of crawling on your belly through the jungle right under the nose of a bumbling Russian soldier with your skin on edge because it felt like the fate of the world was riding on your ability to sneak through a sprawling compound with nothing but a pea-shooting tranq gun, some grey camo paint on your face and (of course) a cardboard box, well wake up and smell the coffee, friend. It's not 2004 anymore. The game you remember might live on, but it's soul is long dead.There's more I could touch on, but it's tough without getting into spoilers. I will say, the 'big twist' at the end was M. Night Shayamalan levels of weak. My working theory of (spoilers!) Venom Snake being a secret clone from Les Enfants Terribles wasn't quite right, but it was pretty obvious from the start that 'Ishmael' was the real Big Boss.Tl;drMGS5: Fun game, great gameplay, but an abysmal sequel and an even worse way to end a series as legendary as MGS. Left far more questions than it answered. Despite his name being plastered all over every inch of the game it doesn't feel like Kojima had much to do with this one. Konami, you guys really have lost your minds haven't you?"
,Recommended,287700,23356503,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Commissar Booz-Gone for 8 months,Snek
,Recommended,287700,28729480,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,xxxtentacion Dad,"I didn't know drugs went legal.Sadly after Hideo Kojima left Konami, this is probably gonna be the last great MGS game.I really enjoyed this game! I want more !... :/This is still one the best games i played in my life!Buy this! Even if you don't like Stealth games!! it doesn't matter!BUY THIS! (if you got money, of course.)9.5/10 !"
,Recommended,287700,31304432,Posted: 22 April,all,Sinusar,"""NO ♥♥♥♥ING WAY THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SAW ME, I´M GOING TO ♥♥♥♥ YOU UP SO HARD YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""10/10 tactical doggo simulator. Would fulton again.ps: ♥♥♥♥ off with MB invasions, stop stealing my♥♥♥♥♥♥you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198050175086,Recommended,287700,22062307,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,MrBigFeet,
76561198108773916,Recommended,287700,22022524,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Gen-Snake,"Great game alot of fun, does have lag issues due to it being P2P"
76561198001606968,Recommended,287700,30837276,Posted: 30 March,all,LIFE IS TOO SHORT TO BE LITTLE,this was a 10/10 game until it abruptly ended and then it was a 9/10 game
,Recommended,287700,25178804,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Neriani,Thumbs up if you love Kojima <3 and Hate Konami for what they did </3
,Recommended,287700,17897290,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,2Dee,Nice
76561198048627752,Recommended,287700,17837219,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,turntup1234,literally game of the decade
,Recommended,287700,17837136,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Space Dandy,Plays smoother than damn fiddle.
,Recommended,287700,24701196,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ocelot,It really is a Phantom Pain
,Recommended,287700,23462359,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ShadowKaino,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██gooD▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓game▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█
,Recommended,287700,17843035,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Flarez,I have been playing this game for one day straight.. That's how good it is.
76561198117527410,Recommended,287700,23771969,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nyoph,After 1000+ hours still dope AF. Must have.
,Recommended,287700,24043897,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mexen,"Fans of the series will enjoy the gameplay of this game. It's story? Not so much. New comers will equally enjoy the gameplay but may find the story confusing. Although retconned, I suggest playing Peace Walker and Ground Zeroes before playing The Phantom Pain.For all the drama and controversy surrounding this game during its development, it still stands tall and provides a great experience."
,Recommended,287700,18041748,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,yuptr,"Why am I still playing this? Just to suffer?Every night, I can feel mission 51... And chapter 3... even a true final ending... The story I've lost... the time I've lost... won't stop hurting... It's like they're all still there.Every night, I check reddit and Kojimas twitter for hints... for hidden information about a release of the unfinished cut content... for a possible DLC...I can feel the deep hole the game left inside me... the phantom pain... hopes and dreams slowly crushed for hours and hours... looking for secret missions that might unlock new story content...You feel it, too, don't you? DON'T YOU, KONAMI?At the end of the day, this game was a blast and consumed a lot of my time. In my eyes the best action/stealth game I've played for a very long time. A must buy.Be warned though that you won't feel the same again when you see it. You will know what I mean."
,Recommended,287700,17851105,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,King ღ,"Kojima is not just a genius, he is a god.This is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,287700,23117293,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ekrah,Good
,Recommended,287700,22054526,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Digby,good
,Recommended,287700,31584834,Posted: 6 May,all,Bool-Aid Man,"I cannot say anything bad about this game, at all.  Sure it's unfinished, but Kojima got the boot (unrightfully so) so we cannot really blame him, only the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ company Konami.  However this game, for it's graphics, is incredibly optimized.  This rig can run it fine but my Dell laptop ran it medium settings at locked 60 FPS.  Amazing gameplay and amaing optimization, although a weaker of the metal gear series.  I would more than recommend."
,Recommended,287700,18044607,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,HuckleBerry-Joe,too good 10/10
76561198071171321,Recommended,287700,28730167,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Macho Man,"yo just ♥♥♥♥ing buy the game, its worth it"
,Recommended,287700,17984278,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Don Jorge,"A game about a gang of armed invalids who kidnap people, sheep and tanks using baloons.10/10 would kidnap again"
,Recommended,287700,33058988,Posted: 30 June,all,Lord Byron Deedledonger III,"Feels good, man."
,Recommended,287700,17885903,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Skinny Penis,"♥♥♥♥ yes.Only a couple downsides: No audio controls and I dont personally like the supernatural stuff going on.Other than that?♥♥♥♥ yes.Oh and of course, opening credits say ""Hideo Kojima"".Yup. Its a Hideo Kojima game."
,Recommended,287700,17977328,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,ElectroRage,"Gameplay wise the game is Amazing nothing less, even great would be an understatement. for me at least the trouble is with the story. As a metal gear solid fan, i've come to expect a deep and crazy story, what i got in this game was a gameplay centric experience which give some thought to its plot but not a quarter of what people expected it to give.this game is about 30 hours long if you dont account for side ops. And to be honest i just felt that from time to time i was rewarded with some cutscenes. the story was absent from most missions.""extract commander"" this, ""Eliminated target that"" and very rarely an actual story related mission.i'd say episode 1 is a great MGS mission. the story was there, you actually felt the atmosphere of the game and the fact that you are actually in a very bad position and you need to nope the ♥♥♥♥ out of that hospital.I know this is at least my reason with being disappointed With the game. Although again the gameplay is amazing and its a fun game to play, it's just a poor excuse for a MGS game...."
,Not Recommended,287700,18023236,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Booozumz,"This game was not only a prodcut of Kojima's dream of the final Metal Gear, but of the struggle between Kojima Productions and Konami. This game is unfinished. Painfully so. Chapter 1 's story is done well in a similar vein to Peace Walker, and ends off on a satisfying and promising note. But chapter 2 is god awful. The story missions are sparse, and when they do happen they are either (often) extremely disapointing or done very well. The Quarantine platform and Quiet's final mission come to mind when I say ""done very well"". The majority of Metal Gear games strike a perfect balance between gameplay and story, where both are dependent on one another in equity and blend in unique ways. But this game likes to pretend the story matters more than the gameplay when it actually matters much, much less. I'm not trying to say the story is terrible; you'll just find yourself caring less about it. When you do start paying attention, you will question Kojima (and co)'s abilities as writers. Many features promised by Kojima Productions were missing, such as visiting other player's FOBS. The game reaches PW levels of grind from the get go, and becomes repetitive after chapter two both with missions and side missions regurgitated ad infinuim. The core gameplay is great and allows the player to comeplete missions with a large variety of tools and strategies. Its just dispointing that everything else surrounding the gameplay was half-baked.We can sit around and blame Kojima or Konami for the current state of the game, but in the end it doesn't matter. In the end its repetitive, unfinished, and worst of all has great core gameplay. It leaves so much more to be desired out of such a hyped and promising game.Don't even get me started on the microtransactions.There will most likely be no patches or DLCs to fix any of these problems. At the moment I can only recommend this game if you can deal with all of its flaws just for its core gameplay. Otherwise, steer clear."
76561198093841325,Not Recommended,287700,18024384,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,thebetterwalker,Nah. Buy it on sale.
,Recommended,287700,22955323,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Nightefx,Why haven't you bought this game already? If you're reading reviews on it trying to determine whether to buy or not? Go buy...now...please.The story is not as great as MGS3 or really any of the other stories in any MGS title but the gameplay and wide variety of things to do will keep you entertained and hooked for days and days. I have no bad comments about this game even if the story isn't the greatest.
76561198069074250,Recommended,287700,17828589,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,crazunitium,"Only 5 hours in... Amazing. Beautiful graphics, sounds amazing and plays smooth."
,Recommended,287700,17829613,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Appleiau,A Video Pyjama game.
,Recommended,287700,17921511,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,RyuJI,Fulton Extraction Simulator - 2015!!!
76561198045482418,Recommended,287700,24055810,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,GreenLynx,"As a Metal Gear fan, I could notice the lack of story in the game, yet it is still quite extensive and deep, if you care enough to dive into. Ultimatly it may not be the insanely long and exposition full story, that the series s known for, but it makes up for it by the sheer amount of content, and solid (yes, I know) gameplay. Plus the optimization is godlike, so you can run this game on even low-mid range computers."
76561197996698684,Recommended,287700,17966854,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,HolyNin9,Amazing!
,Recommended,287700,17922885,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Lord Munchking,"This game... I don't even know where to begin, it does everything right, I have no complaints at all, which is very uncommon for me. My computer is under the minimum requirements and it still runs perfectly, its so immersive and well made, I can't stop playing it. While I will say its not perfect, its still one of my favorite games of the year."
76561198083249435,Recommended,287700,17881213,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Frostyblade,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17880905,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Kastley,-A Hideo Kojima Game-
,Recommended,287700,33001687,Posted: 29 June,all,The Edgy Anakin Skywalker,10/10 would fulton again
,Recommended,287700,17882497,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Junpei,"NOTE: This is a review in progress. I am currently 24% done with the content in this game. Keep that in mind.To start off, let me just say that the Metal Gear Solid series has always had a place in my heart, ever since I played the MGS1 demo on the PS1 many years ago. Whenever a new game releases, I'm usually overly excited, going back through most of the series before even daring to touch the newest release. However, I did none of this for The Phantom Pain. In fact, I felt almost...scared. For one, Peace Walker was a low point in the series when it came to its story. Second, Ground Zeroes was overpriced, and what story was there was so thin it could be told in a mere sentence. Third, Kojima and Konami have had a well publicized fallout over the past year. So yes, I was a bit wary going into this game.Make no mistake, Metal Gear Solid V is one of the best games this year, if not in the past 10 years, but there's something that's just bothering me about it. No, a few things. I'm 16 missions into the main storyline, 27 or so side missions completed, and so far, almost nothing has happened with the story. From what I've seen there's around 30 main missions...so...when does it pick up? It had a pretty awesome start, but after, just fell off into nothing. No real progress at all, no cutscenes to drive the story forward...oh wait, cassette tapes.Tapes take on the bulk of the story's background, and while this was understandable in Peace Walker (it being a handheld game and all), I find it almost absurd in The Phantom Pain. That would be okay if there was a dedicated screen to listen to them or if it had animations like previous games in the series. Instead, you either have to listen to them on your helicopter (background noise), or while walking around in the open world (with other noise). Not only that, but the information contained in the tapes is delivered with little personality. It's all matter-of-fact tone and script, only pausing briefly for some hint of personality every few recordings. The information overload in these is also a problem, as very little context is even given in some of them, and distinguishing voices is also a bit of a problem for me. Overall, they're pretty poorly done, and to me, are the worst aspect of the game.That doesn't mean this brings the game down almost at all as a game. In fact, the lessened storyline actually helps brings the gameplay to the spotlight, and man, does it need it. This is a geniously crafted stealth game, with plenty of gadgets, guns, vehicles, and the like to help you plan and execute exactly how you want to. Want to go in guns blazing? You can. Call in sniper support before infiltrating? You can. Rain hell from above? You can. Strap a C4 to a vehicle and drive it into people before blowing them to hell? You can. Those two words explain Metal Gear Solid V at its core when it comes to gameplay. You can approach the mission any way you want to, and thank god for it, because these kinds of games are a rare breed.Both environments are well done, with memorable landscapes and bases dotting the entirety of the maps. They are a bit small, and walking across them over the course of the 24 hours I've played at this point has gotten a little tiresome, but that's a small gripe for such well designed and beautiful maps. Very few games can make me ""know"" the places like this one does, all the while having it densely packed with buildings containing all sorts of items for looting.Mother base is about the same as it was on Peace Walker, only this time, you can actually walk around it. However, there really isn't much more you can do than that aside from the target practice ranges on each platform (which are fun for the first few times). I really think interaction with your soldiers would have made it have more of a reason, but it doesn't take anything from the game. Also, there's a few rare diamonds scattered about if you feel like going on a scavenger hunt.The R&D side of things has more items and weapons than before, which feeds directly back into the work you do outside of your base. Hand cannons, snipers, rifles, shotguns, rocket launchers, C4, claymore mines, rocket fists, super fultons that can lift shipping containers, stealth camo, cardboard boxes, pretty much all you can think of is here for you to research, develop, and use in the field. I won't see the end of this list in a long, long while with how much in-game currency it takes to make all of it (and thankfully so, because this slow scaling is directly in line with how long it will take to complete all 150+ missions).The missions themselves range from good to amazing. Some of them tend to have that Hitman-like quality from Blood Money, where just when you think you've found all the ways to complete something, you discover even more. It's literally endless, and how the AI adapts to certain objectives being completed before others is surprising. It isn't Deus Ex level, but it's great to see. From blowing up a convoy, to assassination of generals, to extraction of a VIP, Metal Gear Solid V has already ran me through so many types of missions, and I can't wait to explore the rest.Another low point, though, has to be the enemy AI. While they function fairly well during battle, and act believably while searching for you, they have moments of absolute stupidity. I shot one guy with a tranq round, only to have the others investigate his body in a straight line, while I popped them off one by one. Instead of calling HQ (like they do when they aren't having retardation issues), they just kept coming. I ended up with a pile of no less than 12 soldiers sleeping on top of one another. Not only that but, vision can be inconsistent. One guy will spot you a mile away, while the other won't see you when you're right beside him. It works most of the time, but a few moments had me facepalming with how oblivious the AI was.I think I'm going to cut this Review in Progress off at the moment and give the game a resounding ""YES"". Aside from the few issues I mentioned above, it's simply an amazing game. Is it a 10/10 GOTY so far? I'd say it's at least an 8.5-9, and definitely the best game I've played this year (I still haven't got around to The Witcher 3 yet). As a Metal Gear fan, I had more problems with it story-wise than gameplay. As a gamer in general, though, this game still packs more story than most AAA releases, and the gameplay that is here is some of the best in its field. Kojima, you created a modern day stealth masterpiece, and if this is the sendoff of the Metal Gear Solid saga, it's a damn good one.A Hideo Kojima Game"
,Recommended,287700,26282241,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,not hoxton,this game is  AMAZING ive played so much and i think it would be cool if they remastered all old games besides this one and ground zero
,Recommended,287700,30456274,Posted: 11 March,all,FUBAR,Don't play it for the story.
,Recommended,287700,31903291,Posted: 22 May,all,💐Jess Sersosa💐,"Oh god the ending made me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but this is in the 80's so i will survive I suppose, the game feels good I guess even though punished snake talks less then a mute."
,Recommended,287700,23101310,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,brank,"The story's good, the gameplay, the gwaphicsch.The soldiers might be a little blind"
76561198062709820,Recommended,287700,34751343,Posted: 5 September,all,AJSA_TurboDog,"This is the last Konami game I will ever buy, that being said this is totally worth it. A must play."
,Recommended,287700,30692262,Posted: 23 March,all,GuiltyMan,Phantom pain? You're that ninja
76561198002677198,Recommended,287700,17839649,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,DarkS0ulS,A hideo kojima game <310/10nuff said
,Recommended,287700,17843433,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,HadSexOnce,I can't sleep.10/10 Kojima
,Recommended,287700,17852381,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Yurachka Champ,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17853224,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Rabee,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17854611,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Lolis are Life,A Hideo Kojima Game*Hilarous and original*
,Recommended,287700,17836112,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,The Rarest Pepe,"A Konami Digital Entertainment game.Seriously though, great port. It's locked at 60fps, but it's rock solid. Kojima's final masterpiece in the MGS universe, after which Konami will do everything in their power to completely ruin the storyline.We weren't played like a damn fiddle.It's a definite buy. Thanks Kojima, this is where MGS ends."
,Recommended,287700,17852392,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Chunchunmaru,"A Hideo Kojima game.Thank you, Kojima-san."
76561197998007993,Recommended,287700,17887143,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Valos,A Hideo Kojima Game.
,Recommended,287700,17843445,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,SALSAMIXER,Kept you waiting huh?
,Recommended,287700,17886520,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mister Meth,THEY PLAYED US LIKE A DAMN FIDDLE
,Recommended,287700,17833190,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Pps.JompReznor (ΦωΦ),A Hideo Kojima Game
76561197970776675,Recommended,287700,17846813,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,MaximilianVII,A Hideo Kojima Game !!!!!!!
,Recommended,287700,17847151,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Almighty Waffle,"All these Kojima jokes are driving me Metal.I'd best Gear up for the rest of the game then.So far, it seems like a pretty Solid expirience.But that Plot twist in there, I really felt the Pain.Anybody think of a pun for 'Phantom'?"
,Recommended,287700,17847797,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,OrionPSG1,"Truly the end of an Era.I have been playing Metal Gear since 1998, when Metal Gear Solid released for the orginal Playstation.Of my 27 years I have been playing Metal Gear for 17 of them.In fact, the series is has existed my entire life.I think that this qualifies Kojima-sama as pillar of video game development.And this game proves that.Metal Gear Solide V: The Phantom Pain brings together numerous elements and tropes of the gaming world today and applies Kojima-sama's unique perspective.The openess of the game is incredible. While there have been other open world games, it was not untill the last half decade that I have trule felt I can impact the game world.Rock Star's Red Dead Redemption and  Grand Theft Auto V, CD Projekt Red's Witcher 3, and now Kojima-sama's Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom pain have finally realized the promise of the open world game.Honestly I did not think Kojima-sama could top himself after Metal Gear Solid 4. I was wrong.I cried when I played through the Prologue of this game. That's how beautiful and true the game is.I higly reccomend this game to any who play.Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom PainA Hideo Kojima Game"
76561197966105913,Recommended,287700,17848305,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Revixy,Just... ♥♥♥♥ing Buy it!!Best performance I've seen in a game EVER!Controller is recommended.A Hideo Kojima Game~.10/10!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Shli7WaR39EFinished the game.One of the best MGS games I've ever played and I've played them all.
,Recommended,287700,17846297,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Cashmoney The Hedgehog,"My chopper is gold plated and blares Eurobeat, 'nuff said."
,Recommended,287700,17846343,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dropped Ice Cream,A tiny puppy welcomes you every time you return to base
,Recommended,287700,17845215,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Lancer176,"Hands down the best MGS Series ever made by Hideo Kojima, I've played since the 1st on playstation. This game has come as long way with everything the first Metal Gear had to offer."
76561198006403827,Recommended,287700,17846461,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Alexzerian,Well optomizedgreat storyawesome gameplayno bugs
,Recommended,287700,17847058,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Nunyahbis,8/10 Needs a lot more animals.
,Recommended,287700,17849898,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,CRYSTAL BALD,A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME
,Recommended,287700,17856550,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,lester,10/10Best optimized game i've ever played on PCA masterpiece.
,Recommended,287700,17844931,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Fifun,gameplay 10/10
,Recommended,287700,17846964,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,beNgoRiS,"The story was pretty good (no pun intended) till a certain moment where it was clearly visible that precious cash ran out. The gameplay is simply fantastic and enjoyable. The world feels about as empty as the characters feel emotionless. The filler missions are simply annoying and should be classified as Side Ops instead. Do I hate the game? Hell no. Do I like the game? Hell yes! It´s still a phenomenal game, you just need to know what to expect from it. So expect a fantastic gameplay experience with the biggest freedom of tactical choice to date. Also expect a mediocre story with some REALLY awkward scenes when you´re just watching two characters staring god knows where while you´re yelling ""Say something for f*cks sake!"" Also expect a marvellous technical achievement. All and all, you should really give this a try, it ain´t what we´ve been expecting, but it ain´t half bad either!"
76561198040974823,Recommended,287700,17845211,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Echo,MGS V - TPP - Has Blown my Mind!
76561198070078647,Recommended,287700,17846636,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Minecraft Parody Rapper,My entire screenshot library of this game is DD as a pup. You don't even need the expansive missions and playstyles that you can choose to play with... but I guess you can do them too if you really must.
,Recommended,287700,22913432,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,FN 2187,solid
76561198071504327,Recommended,287700,29148895,Posted: 9 January,all,dawww,Decent.
,Recommended,287700,33988784,Posted: 3 August,all,☠️MAV☠,"«Kept you waiting, huh?»"
76561198136188059,Recommended,287700,31777552,Posted: 15 May,all,Official Bleach Profil,hehehe tittis
,Recommended,287700,31492843,Posted: 1 May,all,UNIT28,by Hideo Kojima
,Recommended,287700,17845328,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Heebrial Niijima,"Here's a few questions to ask yourself if your pondering on getting this game, and I can answer some of them.EDIT: Updated 1/20/16Is this game worth full price? No, get it on sale.Is the story good? Meh. It's Merc style game play. (Go here, accept job, go blow up, kill, extract the HVT, rescue the Goat, get payed) However, being a Metal Gear Solid game, it does have a decent amount of story through cutscenes, cassette tapes and random exploration of Mother Base.Is this game fun? Without a doubt; hell yes its fun. You have two large maps to explore; Afghanistan, and Africa, dotted around these maps are outposts and large bases that are fun to infiltrate and attack in many different playstyles. This game supports any style; be it completelty stealth, guns blazing or just use a Water Pistol. (Not even joking about the last one)Is it a good port? Yes. This game is NVIDIA friendly but runs well with AMD products. But none the less, the game runs and looks super pretty on PC.8/10WITH REGARDS TO METAL GEAR ONLINE 3It's a hit and miss. There are alot of flaws with the Multiplayer but it does have moments where it's super fun. But it's still not better then MGO2PS ♥♥♥♥ KonamiI can't say that enough."
,Recommended,287700,17966330,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Grinso,"Chapter 1  85/100+++overall good story+many missions+nice graphics-Console heavy menu controlls-Side OPS are boring, repeating and to easyTHE GAME SHOULD HAVE ENDED HEREChapter2  60/100Still play the same game but.... we all know that Kojima and Konami had beef so the started to get much worse here-u have to repeat the main missions (in harder versions)-flaws in the story-Missing explanation / Its not finished /missing ending(Eli/Liquid Snake Story)WTF IS WRONG WITH U KOJIMA DO YOU REALLY HAVE TO PUT YOURE NAME AT >EVERY<  START AND FINISHED MISSION"
76561198033501509,Not Recommended,287700,25736398,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,GodsGuns225,5/10Wanna know whats cool?Attaching balloons to♥♥♥♥♥♥Wanna know whats not cool?attatching a balloon to half the ****ing plot and never having any plan to address it#****Konami
76561198042445918,Recommended,287700,22876254,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,BloodlightX,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. I usually claim it to be my second favorite game.This game is gold.You should by this game.If you like shooters, stealth and just amazing open ended gameplay please get this game.The story is... well blech but you can feel the passion in the gameplay because it is so tight and amazing.Everything feels right. The amazing responsiveness as well as the progress that goes through the game makes you feel like you are Big Boss.This game is a perfect example of making a game with no compromise. You can feel Hideo's passion and desire to make an almost perfect game as he developed this.This is a swan song to Metal Gear.This.... This is a testament to what gaming can be."
,Recommended,287700,24251362,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Rahro Uth,A Hideo (Hideo Kojima) Kojima Game--------- A Hideo Kojima Game--------
,Recommended,287700,17911314,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,MatthausGames,A Hideo Kojima Game.
,Recommended,287700,17943386,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,MechSoldier,50 hours in and I'm only 30% complete. You'll get your money's worth in this game.
76561197976150846,Recommended,287700,29294406,Posted: 16 January,all,RAVEN,this looks  to be the last of MGS and after the man who made it left it feels unfnish but still great
76561198048236901,Recommended,287700,29295584,Posted: 16 January,all,Godmetal,"The game is awesome but, most MGS fans complains about the game hasn't cut scenes enough and they are right. To understand the story line of the game I watched all cut scenes of former games but, when I play MGS Phantom Pain I realized that it wasn't  necessary. One thing makes Mgs so amazing from other games is that STORY!! but KONAMI ♥♥♥♥ed up. Can you believe that if you watch all trainers of the game before come out you will have seen all cut scenes of Mgs Phantom Pain. You will beg for God to see some cut scenes.Story: 5/10Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 9/10Optimization: 10/10THE BEST STEALTH GAME EVER"
,Recommended,287700,29167934,Posted: 10 January,all,P0nk P4nter,absolutely brilliant game
,Recommended,287700,29641116,Posted: 1 February,all,Drew,"Don't really like MGO, but FOB missions and the game in general are pretty good."
,Recommended,287700,28682081,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Demon_Child84,very addictive till you get closer to the end need a lot of resourcesonce on 3rd base you nolonger have a waiting room option auto remoed troops..and got to grind to get all weapons and gear unlocked..
,Recommended,287700,23055039,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,私はお尻を開発したい,POBOMBIM BLYAD!
,Recommended,287700,23054410,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Bcrichjosh,"Played about 10 hours solo camp, OMG DAMN NaTURE your SCARY!!!!! 10/10"
,Recommended,287700,29301399,Posted: 16 January,all,ERROR_X2™,Its not a game its life.
76561198007721786,Recommended,287700,33537273,Posted: 14 July,all,Puni$her,"This is Pequod, he is coming in hot to waste some commies.▬▬▬.◙.▬▬▬═▂▄▄▓▄▄▂◢◤ █▀▀████▄▄▄▄◢◤█▄ █ー ███▀▀▀▀▀▀▀╬◥█████◤══╩══╩══"
,Recommended,287700,34151908,Posted: 10 August,all,ED4N22,It's like minecraft with guns and robots
,Recommended,287700,28350537,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Great pass!,"This game is phenomenal.IF YOU LIKED...GTA5 is the closest comparison, although the tone and setting is completely different.Saint's Row IIThe Witcher IIICrysis 1Skyrim (open world, slowly build up to become unstoppable stealthy sniping menace)...then you will like MGSVGRAPHICS 5/5Very good. Motion capture is beautiful and detailed, character details are great, and overall it just looks good.More importantly, it's very well optimized and ran at a solid 60fps on my 980M (HD res) with everything maxxed except shadows. Feels like that doesn't happen with many AAA titles these days.STORY 3/5Well...this is my first MGS game and it was pretty weird for me. It's certainly doesn't stand up to The Witcher or GTAV, but the actual gameplay during the missions is fine. No escort missions or other highly annoying things like that. Missions were varied, too, I never felt like they were getting repetitive.The story though was strange. I chalk it up to being Japanese; for American/Western audiences, it takes itself way too seriously and comes off as overdramatic and esoteric. Not a big deal for me and doesn't hurt the game overall. Well, except for the prologue, which made me think I had just wasted my money; not to worry, the prologue is crazy long and slow but the game opens up after that.Oh, and Quiet is ridiculous. The objectification of women in this game is off the chart. If The Witcher III is on one end of the ""mature treatment of women"" graph, MGSV is on the other side. You've been warned.GAMEPLAY 5/5Aaaaand this is why it's phenomenal. Stealth is great. Combat is great. Even travel is good. After feeling like a bit of a clutz for a while as I got used to Spacebar being dive instead of jump, I got the hang of it and am happy with the controls.For me, the draw was the wide-open world and huge amount of freedom you have in ...everything.This game gives you a TON of weapons, and then it lets you customize said weapons. There's a tool here for everyone. Throw in cool secondary stuff like the fulton, super-useful binoculars, mines, boxes, and night vision and I really am going to have trouble going back to other games.METAGAMESo MGSV also has a sort of meta game, where you are base-building in order to develop new weapons, build an army, pinpoint enemies on the minimap, and lots more. Personally I really liked it, because it keeps your interest and prevents the rote ""running around a desert shooting people"" from getting old. It also has an online component that I haven't gotten into too much, but from what I've seen it is highly rewarding and again changes up the formula to keep you interested.FINAL 5/5I think I'm actually enjoying this more than The Witcher III - I'm not saying it's a better game, but it fits me better. If you like any of the games I mentioned above and can look past the blatant objectification of women, then *get this game*."
,Recommended,287700,17863112,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Chili Con Bjarne,♥♥♥♥ my life
,Recommended,287700,24982913,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Lightning,I played it ONCE...
,Recommended,287700,28807479,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chen,Soviet Space Program.
,Recommended,287700,17964075,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Metal Socks,You're pretty good
,Recommended,287700,31762698,Posted: 14 May,all,Apothecary,is good game
,Not Recommended,287700,18291017,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,cole roddy,"Both English and Brazilian Portuguese reviews down below. Portuguese first.TL,DR: Jogabilidade incrível, narração decepcionante, enredo inacabado, final horrível.Eu nunca vou jogar este jogo de novo. Queria que tivesse um botão neutro, ao invés de Recomendo ou Não Recomendo. Recomendo para os novatos. Não recomendo para os jogadores antigos de MGS, como eu.Eu tenho jogado todos os jogos Metal Gear desde a época do MSX até o PS3 e assim por diante (as cânon) e sigo Kojima desde o início. Eu decidi comprar este jogo apenas por uma questão de completar minha coleção de ""jogos MGS por Kojima"" e é isso. As razões são várias, mas a principal razão é que eu já tinha encerrado com a série e não gostei da maneira como o MGS V TPP caminhava desde o início do seu ciclo de desenvolvimento. Vocês podem saber como tudo termina, com Kojima fora da Konami, e a Konami fora do mercado mainstream, para colocar em palavras simples. Dito isto, aqui está a minha breve análise do jogo.Parece que apenas os recém-chegados que nunca jogaram qualquer outro jogo MGS antes de desse aqui, acham ele ""fantástico"". O jogo pode ser tão grande como um oceano, mas é profundo como uma poça em comparação aos antigos jogos MGS. E não venha com essa de bobagem de ""mas o jogo e as diferentes formas de abordar uma missão"". Nem mesmo 20% das pessoas nunca vai mesmo tentar fazer a mesma missão duas vezes de qualquer maneira, de modo que o argumento é inválido.Acho que a Mother Base deveria atacar um determinado grupo em algum momento no jogo... Isso nunca acontece... Você só constrói uma base enorme e... supresa! ROLAM OS CRÉDITOS!!!Qual foi o ponto de construir esta base maciça para começar ??? Mesmo Kaz constantemente dizendo... ""para vencer ""aquilo"", precisamos de uma base mais forte, recrutar mais pessoas!"" Então, nada nunca acontece...Isso é como fazer todas as missões de royalties para a sua tripulação em Mass Effect apenas para os créditos começarem a rolar enquanto você voa para distante da base para a missão final.Jogabilidade incrível, narração decepcionante, enredo inacabado, final horrível.Eu nunca vou jogar este jogo de novo, isso é certo. Na verdade, eu gostaria que ele nunca houvesse existido em primeiro lugar. E tenho ele no steam e no Xbox One (que é onde joguei na verdade).Boa sorte em seus próximos projetos, Kojima-sensei. Sem a Konami, estamos com você.**********************************Now the english version of the review.TL,DR: Amazing gameplay, disappointing storytelling, unfinished stolyline, horrible ending. Never gonna play it again. I wish we had a neutral button here, instead of a ""Recommend"" or ""Not Recommend"". I recommend for newcommers. Do not recommend to old MGS players like me.I've played every metal gear game since the MSX era to the PS3 and so on (the canon ones) and follow Kojima since the beginning. I decided to buy this game just for the sake to complete my ""MGS games by Kojima collection"" and thats it. The reasons are various, but the main reason is that I was done already with the series and didn't liked the way MGS V TPP was going at all since the beginning of its development cycle. You all may know how it ends, with Kojima out of Konami and Konami out of the mainstream market, to put it simple. That said, here is my brief analysis of the game.It seems that only the newcomers that never played any other MGS game before find this one so ""awesome"". The game might be as wide as an ocean but deep as a puddle compared to older MGS games. And dont come with that ""but the game play and different ways of approaching a mission"" crap. Not even 10% of the people will ever even try to do the same mission more than twice anyways, so that argument is invalid.I think MB was supposed to attack a certain group at some point in the game.. That never even happens.. You just build up a base.. Twist.... ROLL CREDITS!!!What was the point of building this massive base to begin with??? Even Kaz constantly says.. to beat ""it"" we need a stronger base, recruit more people! Then nothing ever comes from it...Thats like doing all the royalty missions for your crew in Mass Effect just for the credits to start rolling as you fly towards the base for the final mission.Amazing gameplay, disappointing storytelling, unfinished stolyline, horrible ending.I'll never play this game again, that's for sure. In fact, I wish it never existed in the first place. And I own it here on steam and on my Xbox One (that's where I played)Good luck on your next projects, Kojima-sensei."
,Recommended,287700,34078364,Posted: 7 August,all,Haribo,"Metal Gear Solid V is a fantastic game with a weak and unfinished story,Pros:- Gameplay - The best gameplay i have ever played in a stealth action game- Custimazion - Really like the base building and developing off gear- Side ops - While many might find them boring i found these to give me some very cool moments and scenarios that the story missions did not do- Graphics - Overall good graphics even though some areas look less ""polished"" like certain parts in Africa- Dynamic wheater - Very cool when this happens in mission, it can change the mission and strategy- AI - The AI is not perfect but i still think it is some of the best AI i have ever seen in a stealth game- Weapons - Many weapons and different gear- Optimazation - Very well optimezed, i can run this game on pretty much anything- Cutsence - Even tough the story they tell isn`t very good the cutscenes are very well made and look really good- Music - Good old 80s and some good orignial trakcsCons:- Story - It sucks- Ending - It really sucks- Chapter 2 - It really F***** sucks - Except the few missions that isn`t just repeated (The parasite virus mission i awesome)- Characters - Oh god... how did they ♥♥♥♥ up the characters- Trailers - This is quite silly to complain about but seriously, they used pretty much scences for all cutscenes in the game, it felt like i had already seen everything when playing the game - Also the trailers made it look like a better and deeper story- Helicopter rides - Too many and too long- The spoliers at the start of the missions - Every mission have a ""cast"" introduction and this spoiles what characters will be included in the missionThe worst part about this game, is that even tough the story is bad and it have many flaws, i still love the game and i would recommended it a thousand times.. my overall score is nine phantomes out of ten.9\10 - Amazing"
,Recommended,287700,24534677,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,NR,"~~~TL;DR- BUY THE GAME STOP READING REVIEWS~~~Oh dear, where do I start with this game? I guess I should start at the worst part about it: The dissapointing ending. But, even that has a damn good excuse for why it happened. It's just a shame that you would have to buy a certain edition of the game to get the true ending instead of this clifhanger bull. But, when that's my only complaint about a game, you did something right. The story, while not as good as the previous metal gears, is very good. Chapter one has got to be one of the most fun times I've ever had in all of video game history. It is a shame the it clearly shows signs of the budget being ♥♥♥♥ed by Konami. It also ends up linking the rest of the games together very cleanly.Now gameplay wise, oh god... It's just so... so perfect... It feels like a blend between the previous Metal Gear Solids and adding in a dash of Sniper Elite V2 with some of its own, unique style. It also takes elements from peace walker as you have to build up your command center, or Mother Base, using the resources you acquire throughout your play time. Oh, and you can build ♥♥♥♥ING NUKES! Though, doing that will send your Karma deep into the negatives. Oh yeah! They have this new karma system. If you kill enemies and play like a call of duty player, you will look like one. -Covered in possible period blood and a horn the size of my uncles peepee- Unfortunitly, there is no way to remove your horns.Now, I have a question for you, dear reader. Why have you not bought this game yet?"
,Recommended,287700,32480996,Posted: 16 June,all,Chris Redfield,"Just to let you guys know this isn't my real hour count, I have over 100 hours on the Xbox. This game is a masterpiece, a real 10/10. Not as good as Snake Eater, but it's up there."
76561198058968368,Recommended,287700,23826608,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,†✞McStorm✞†,They need to bump this prize up.. The game is to cheap. 10/10. Played 25 hours straight.I don't usually post anything on these things.. >.>
76561198091338358,Recommended,287700,24025350,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Canadianmamba,amazing
,Not Recommended,287700,17923234,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Moonshine Firebug,"Just got Mass Effect 3'd. Kojima, I am dissapoint.**EDIT 1/13/2016**Tried out MGO. Uhm, P2P servers? No anti-cheat? MICROTRANSACTIONS? WTF? This game is horrible through and through. You can pretty it up with great performance and tight controls but that means ♥♥♥♥ all when everything else sucks absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game."
,Recommended,287700,23829623,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Danghoul,"Alright so this review may change since I haven't beaten the game yet so bear with me. I personally am having a ton of fun in this game, that being said I have not and most likely will not get the chance to play any of the other Metal Gear games. If you're bad like me, you'll have fun because every mission you'll have to try new things instead of acting like a ""steal master (Huge nerd)"" and continuously do the same strategy over and over and over and over again. As for the storyline, if you expected it to be a serious storyline after that intro you're just plain dumb. So quit complaining about it and play the damn game.Pros ++Stealth is Fun+Environment is Big and Explorable+Fultons+You can import your own music or stealth around listening to Maneater+The Dialogue is always fun to read+Characters are likeable (Except Miller)+Quiet. This one really speaks for itself+Goofy Storyline+Goofy in general+Cool Variations if you will it. Don't expect any variation if you stick to the same thing+The man who sold the world+D-Dog has an eyepatch. I'm not even joking, this is one of my favorite things to date+The Buddy System is great even though I wish I could have robo-boy and D-Dog at the same timeCons --Gameplay can be repetitive at points-From what I hear it's nothing like other Metal Gear Games ""THEY TRIED SOMETHING DIFFERENT?!?! EVEN THOUGH I COMPLAIN ABOUT THE GAME'S REPETITION THIS IS AN OUTRAGE!""-Goofy storyline-(For mouse and keyboard users) What are tank controls?-Can't kill child soldiers-Miller-Wait times-Not enough Quiet-Longish cutscenes (I like cutscenes but whatever floats your boat pal)-The entire part where snake can't walk very well-Hiding behind cover is a bit finickySo all in all I think it's a good game and if you're not a picky Pete you probably will as well."
,Recommended,287700,24028326,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Conaw,Really enjoyable game! Graphics are great and also gameplay is very nice. Maybe only bad thing in this game is afwul settings and options... you can't example adjust just your gameplay musics if u want that example listen to music tapes higher than gameplay sound effects and speak.Metal Gear Online is also very good.
,Not Recommended,287700,25263837,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Kingofsmash101,"Call me petty or any other name as much as you like. The microtransactions and FOBs just neuter the game for me.First off; the microtransactions. I can say without a doubt that Konami (not Kojima) forgot they weren't making a mobile game, let me be specific: certain weapons and items (and other things I'll be covering later) can be developed only when you're connected to the server, this might not seem so bad, but they usually break your bank and resources in-game and real life, because the development time can take up to 1 day to 12 DAYS, you can make it develop instantly if you cough up a lot of MB coins which cost real life money, they largest amount being around $50 for I think 6000 coins, if I don't want to wait for 12 days, I have to spend 1200 MB coins, see the problem here? That is just one out of about 20 things you can develop from the server for yourself. Also, you can only have about 3 projects developing at once.Another thing that the game wants you to spend money on is FOBs, these increase how much staff you can have and mine certain resources, which makes certain developments faster and easier, but- FOBs can be infiltrated by other players, who can steal your resources, in-game money, and your staff (they can also kill them). Just so you're aware, you can't opt out of FOBs, you're forced to make one. You're not entirely in a raw deal when you make an FOB, you can develop security devices which make it harder for other players to steal your stuff but higher grade devices can only be made if you're connected to the server and have inhuman patience, you can even join in the defence yourself if the intruder is spotted. I'm too scared of conflict to do PVP, so I've got that thorn in my side.Continuing with FOBs, you can have more than one if you're willing to pay, I think you can see where I'm going with this, some locations cost more coins than others, not much more can be said.I think if it was up to Kojima, there wouldn't be egregiously heavy-handed mobile-game mechanics. Konami might've known that people like Metal Gear a lot and since this is the last one Kojima will be involved in, they tried to capitalize. They tried way too hard and are probably willing to try to milk the dusty server room they have the games servers on.I find it amazing that Konami can have more corporate greed than all western game companies combined, except for maybe EA. At least EA isn't as suicidally greedy as Konami is right now."
76561198297163093,Not Recommended,287700,25566297,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,liventsev,"I really enjoyed Metal Gear Solid series and I’m disappointed in MGSV. I feel like modish sandbox like gameplay of MGSV, focus on base development and an attempt to deliver online PVP twisted and betrayed cinematic action experience that I’ve had in previous games. It’s not like story is boring. But it’s strangely paced and doesn’t flow like in previous MGS titles. In the end several missions after completion of first part I’ve realised that I’m not having fun and stopped playing at all."
,Recommended,287700,18053861,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,ShevelisPlotva,"Masterpiece from the Master. 10 Big Bosses over 10.Good job, Kojima-san! Thank you!"
,Recommended,287700,18021294,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Drahoot™,More scientific than Bill Nye
76561198085171447,Recommended,287700,18235105,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,dogboat333,"METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN is without a doubt the greatest stealth game of all time and is probably going to be winner for Game of the Year of 2015, at least to me. Hideo Kojima's final MG game went out wonderfully as far as I'm concerned, and while I'm not the most qualified MG series commentator, the only games I've played in this series was MGS5: Ground Zeroes and a bit of MG Rising: Revengeance. And while both games were fine, I wasn't necessarily too drawn in to either, but this game was a completely different experience. You all should get it. If it isn't going to be GOTY, it's damned close. Let me get into it I suppose so you can know all of the awesomeness.STORY: You play as Big Boss himself, Venom Snake. After the events of GROUND ZEROES where the original Mother Base is destroyed, Snake awakens from a nine year coma in a Cyprian hospital. He is attacked by the group that had destroyed MB a few years before, Cipher, and escapes with... some other Snake. I'd get into that, but that is big spoiler territory and I don't want to ruin it. Your old friend Ocelot picks you up and sends you off to Afganistan to start off your journey to rebuild your private militia, now called Diamond Dogs, and take out Cipher and the strike team who destroyed your bases's leader, Skull Face. The story is pretty damn interesting, and while I hear there were a lot longer cutscenes back in the game and they were more present, and again, I can't judge the games well since I haven't played them yet, I think this is easier to swallow sometimes and I do like this a fair bit. The story goes into more depth with the cassette tapes, so I'd recommend listening to them. To be fair, the ending, while I thought it was decent enough, still leaves some things to be answer, and apparently there was a 3rd chapter that was cut out completely. Not sure what the heck happened it, but ah well. I think it's a very good story nonetheless.GAMEPLAY: 3rd person perspective. While in the last games, from what I understand of them, they were pure stealth games for the most part. Here, however, you can play however you want. Want to go in, take all the guys out with the tranq gun? That's cool, you can do it. Want to murder them all while still being stealthy by using a sniper rifle or any gun with a silencer? Go ahead mate, you can do it. Want to just go crazy and blow up people with rocket launchers and tanks? Feel free to. It's very fun for any of these paths, gunplay on most guns is great. If you want to do stealth, the Reflex mode will help you a lot, it sure as hell helped me a lot. It basically slows down time so you can take an enemy out before he alerts the whole base. And if you completely suck, there's always the chicken hat, which makes it nearly impossible for you to be detected but you're reduced to an A rating maximun and you have to wear a freaking chicken hat, so yeah xD. Gameplay is freaking fantastic without a doubt.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCE: The game looks damn great. One of the best looking games I've seen. Framerate is decent enough for my rig, nothing really impressive since my rig is terrible, but ah well. Optimization is fantastic on this, I hear rigs that usually can't play AAA games can play this fine enough, which is impressive.LEVEL DESIGN: The game has two large open worlds for you to explore as well as your Mother Base. The first open area, Afganistan, is really well designed and looks damn great. The next one, the border region near Zaire (AKA the Democratic Republic of the Congo) and Angola also is well designed and looks nice. You also have your own mother base region, which expands and grows as you expand your base. There's also a zoo, which is neat.CHARACTERS AND VOICE ACTING: Snake is played by Keifer Sutherland like in Ground Zeroes. A lot of people give him♥♥♥♥♥♥for it, maybe Hayter was better, I don't know. I do like Sutherland and I do think he does a good job, though. His two closest allies in Diamond Dogs, Ocelot and Miller, are also voiced pretty well. You get a few companion characters, notably a horse, a dog, and the oh so ""controversial"" Quiet. I don't really care about Quiet's design to be honest, yeah, she looks a bit ridiculous, but she's mostly a really useful buddy and I usually used her or D-Dog. Skull Face, the main bad guy, is kind of underwhelming to be honest, but oh well, he is not a terrible villian or anything like that. Other notable characters are Code Talker, a Navajo man who has something to do with the plot that I won't reveal yet and Eli, some little kid soldier who keeps saying you're his dad.EXTRAS: Your Mother Base can be expanded if you collect enough resources, and it is a grind to get em all, trust me. There are a LOT of Side Ops to do here, from Prisoner Extraction to Mine Clearing to Eliminating Armored Vehicle Squads. You can FULTON pretty much anything, from animals to vehicles to soldiers and you can utalize them all. You can collect cassette tapes and listen to either plot details or just listen to some collectable songs in general. The open worlds are pretty fun to explore, and if you're a completionist, you'll have a lot of fun with this game.FINAL VERDICT: Witcher 3 and Undertale beat this game with GOTY, but this was still good competition. 10/10, maybe a 9.5 would be more appropriate, but the game is so fun I felt generous and felt like rounding it up this time. Pick it up sometime soon, it's awesome.Now go! Let the legend come back to life!"
,Recommended,287700,28176892,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,JIZZPLAY,alright best game ever for the next 64 generations
,Recommended,287700,17919028,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,CK Mortarion,PW In large scale <3
,Recommended,287700,23073405,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,HoodieStrings,You have a rocket arm.11/10
,Recommended,287700,32709243,Posted: 23 June,all,TheReportOfTheWeek,I like the part where you can extract people by tying them to a mini hot air balloon and hearing their screams of terror as they are flung at a hundred miles per hour into the sky
,Recommended,287700,23739194,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Chanel,u play as big bob and sneak past the boyswould recommend
76561198088767929,Recommended,287700,25214516,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,jackryan529,"I have a love hate feel for this game, it's fun but can be boring at times also.But most games are like that.The game can be extremely repetitive, go on mission - stealth , Kill or not complete mission or notand then retry for a better score if you want too.The Graphics are nice but the background music is horrible and you have No Way to turn it off and thefeel of moving your Character is extremely stiff and when you get close to a wall Your Character will automatically Stick/Hug/Cling to it even if you do not want him too... I hate that.Again don't get me wrong the game has something about it that keeps you coming back for more becauseit's not all bad.."
,Recommended,287700,29572538,Posted: 29 January,all,nanookmetaal,Quiet's voice acting is out of this world.
,Recommended,287700,30762134,Posted: 26 March,all,MitzeKatze,Wow. (what) ASolidgame.
76561198051034708,Recommended,287700,17847079,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Mikey,"If you like action/stealth shooters, this is a must buy. Like... what are you waiting for!"
76561198121025998,Recommended,287700,17871738,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Seifer,"You can upload any music you want into the game.There are sandstorms, choppers, and dank phantom cigars.Memes pursue.Also 19 hours so far and only 14% complete. Tennoutaten."
76561198050589158,Recommended,287700,17836015,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,DangerZone,Based god kojima volunteered for my army. I am feeling blessed right now
76561197985961286,Recommended,287700,17852431,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Peter,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,17853628,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,vaiciant,A Hideo Kojima Game.#♥♥♥♥onami
,Recommended,287700,17886503,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,MMGTitleTakemToldYouHeWasComing,oh man...this game...its so....so good....and the graphics...oh man....and the story...and the graphics..
76561198034157772,Recommended,287700,17886521,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Wash,What took you so long?
76561198059465531,Recommended,287700,17923989,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Beolann,"Brace yourself, this is going to be an MGS cutscene length review. TL;DR inbound.This is the most bizarre game I've ever played. It is simultaneously the greatest MGS game, and also the most average MGS game. It is brilliant and mediocre. It is Hideo Kojima's magnum opus and a childish middle finger to Konami.Why do I say this? First and foremost, I'm playing this game on a 5 year old laptop that does not meet the minimum requirements, but doesn't skip a beat on amazing ""medium"" quality graphics. I'm half convinced that the Fox Engine is made of fairy dust and could run this game on a Windows 95 machine!More importantly, the gameplay mechanics are unmatched. There is no stealth/shooter/RPG hybrid that can compare. In fact, this is one of the few games, like one of two, that can truly be considered a next generation game. Not because it is on the latest platforms, but because it legitimately advances gameplay elements from the past.The story, however, is the most bizarre element of them all. Gone are the info dumps and giant cut scenes. Cut scenes now are short, and sometimes awkwardly silent. Info dumps exist in cassette tapes that can be listened to during gameplay. The really bizarre part comes from the thematic choices. Identity and humanity are still core themes, but in this entry they are explored in a new way, once more. The major theme this time is the concept of phantom pain, ie, the pain that comes from the traumatic illusion of something lost. To this end, strange things happen, things go unexplained, and Kojima delibrately designed the game so that the player would not get a sense of resolution and would experience a form of Phantom Pain because of that. The problem is the obvious story route that would really drive home this theme and make the player feel it all the more is not taken. Instead, a convoluted story route, even for the MGS series, is taken and it leaves so many questions that the entire franchise collapses because of it.Take for example the character Quiet. Without spoiling anything, we were promised a reason for Quiet's appearance, and we get one. It is out of left field, leaves open a ridiculous amount of questions pertaining to next games chronologically, and ultimately makes no real sense. That Chico is Quiet theory, on the other hand, made more sense. Alternately, any number of different traumas and subsequent psychopathies would make more sense. Simply put, Ground Zeroes is a better game for its story and thematics, whereas this game feels like a giant hallucination that is real yet also can't be real in the cheapest way possible.Ultimately, this game thrives in that it gives you the ability to genuinely experience your own story. I once snuck into an enclave of Russian generals, tranqed everyone there, extracted them and half their guards, and escaped without anyone the wiser. To one up that story, I extracted a scientist only to be caught and challenged by the Metal Gear. Forced to sneak around this thing in broad daylight with a man on my back I ran for cover. Dropping the man to the ground and going prone to evade detection, I hoped that the cover was enough to keep me away. It wasn't. This, the most gundam like Metal Gear yet ran at me. There was no time to pick up the scientist. I ran thinking that it would follow me, but it didn't. It pursued the scientist. Quickly, I pulled out my rocket launcher. I didn't know if it would work. I launched a round at its face; it faltered. Sprinting to the scientist, I hoisted him up, but as the smoke cleared I saw a terrifying shadow wash over me. The foot of the Metal Gear was above me. Acting fast we escaped certain death at the foot of a Metal Gear, but we weren't in the clear yet. Once out of sight, we were pinned down and the Metal Gear was after us. He stood over the rock and looked just inches from where we were, but didn't catch a glimpse of us. At this point my heart is racing, but it leaves the area just briefly enough that I could get us to the chopper for the extraction. That is a genuine experience that I will never forget, and I hope that the remaining 89% of the game will top it ten times over!TL;DR Buy the game. It is one of the very few games of the last decade that is actually worth the asking price in terms of both quality gameplay and the amount of content."
76561198027034399,Recommended,287700,17939237,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,SubParAtBest,"In Metal Gear Solid 1 you play as Solid Snake, a genetically cloned super-soilder as he infiltrates Shadow Moses a remote military compound now under the control of terrorist super-cell unit called Foxhound. The terrorists all have super-powers because they were genetically enhanced with top secret nanomachines, Snake uses his own nanomachines to rescue Darpa chief but then master chiefs nanomachines make him have a heart attack. Then Ninja Gayden kills everyone and snake has to shoot at him so that he will reveal his true selfit turns out octogon was the ninja all the time, he reveals that he is a gay anime guy and he only built metal gear as part of his show-stopping cosplay.*theyre gona put a dismantled nuclear missile into metal gears missile module ? - wrong they're using metal gear as peace-walker to nuclear strike its own self in order to reverse reality. By doing this they can create an infinite amount of metal gears and sell them all for one million dollars.Then Solid Snake gets captured by Liquid Snake. He reveals that they are twin snakes created from the same nanomachines as Mega Snake. Snake kicks Liquids head off and parachutes into the secret room where he confronts the legendary super-soilder Revolver Ocelot. Known for his legendary skill with the desert eagle gun. They both shoot each other 100 times until ocelots arm gets shot off and he backflips into the pacific ocean and swims back to australia with one arm.Turns out everything i said was fake and staged.Liquid Snake who is actually dead, is actually a spy for the pentagon. Snake was double-crossed by his own country into being a triple agent for the Patroits.Even though nobody is who they are anymore you have to have a fight to death with Liquid, luickly since his body is made out of water he slips off of metal gear and dies into hell."
76561197963814889,Recommended,287700,17900690,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,There is no spoon,"MGSV:Phantom Pain is seriously fun. I even broke character to play in disguise.I've played  atotal of 3 hours so far and it has amazed me every waking moment.It's got drama, horror, almost every genre into one title.Moments like these:https://youtu.be/gXuKU84Kqlw?t=788make me emotional and scared at the same time. Thanks Kojima senpai and team!"
,Recommended,287700,17871912,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Whide,"Great game, I'm absolutely addicted to it."
,Recommended,287700,17884733,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Dezloc,awesome game
,Recommended,287700,17895829,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,hugo,How much fun can one have in a game D:
76561198182045562,Recommended,287700,17931168,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,jesusmylord28,"10/10 I've been a fan of this series since Metal Gear Solid came out on Playstation. But this game however, has got to be close to my all time favorite game. It is amazing how many ways you can approach a mission with tons of weapons, gadgets, companions and the environment at your disposal. THIS IS A MUST PLAY."
,Recommended,287700,17885027,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,rayescapes,"""Hideo Kojima assured"" Stamp of Approval."
76561197991472171,Recommended,287700,17933649,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Mr.Zega,"No Spoilers*This isn't like any other MGS game. Think of Farcry, or at least what Farcry wanted to be, and perfect it's mechanics, then combine it with the overall Metal Gear feeling, it's silly moments, and overly-serious tone, throw in some amazing voice acting, and a touch of a dark tone and you get this game.What is there to do?-Main missions-Side missions-Herb gathering-Base building/management-Building an army-Allocating your troops based on their skills-Spending time at your base-Spending time at your Zoo (Yes, you can extract animals and make a zoo)-Call in air support and have your heli wreck everything-Have a companion (buddy) wreck a base with you-Go in silent and make tactical takedowns-Go in loud and not careand all of that is just scratching the surface.The AI?Wow, the AI really adapts to how you play the game. I used a gas mine in a mission and soon, I started seeing troops with gas masks. I shot a lot of people in the head, and they started wearing helmets. I shot people in the chest with a tranq gun and they started wearing vests. I started shooting people in the back and they began putting sheilds on their back. The whole game is like that; adapting to the enemy and vice versa.Preformance?Solid 60fps, TotalBiscut on Youtube goes more in depth about this, but the summary is that the FOX engine is impressive in terms of how beautiful the game looks and how it preforms. Ive only noticed slight frame drops, and that is usually with dust effects, which I later turned down a notch. This should run great on just about any gaming PC, even low budget.Problems?A few, like all games. Nothing game-breaking though. There was one mission that had me frustrated and angry, but after beating it I thought of several other ways to tackle it. For how ambitious this game is, it has very few problems. Annoying as some of them may be, it doesn't take away from the overall enjoyment I had with the game.Replay value?I think what's most interesting about this game is that the missions themselves aren't so much what make this game fun, but the way that they are done. Comparing notes with other people on how they took on a mission gives you a new way of thinking about missions. Like using a jeep with C4 on a fulton baloon to take out a helicopter when an RPG isn't an option. I remember an outpost I cleared, I tranqed two gards on opposite ends of the outpost, and when the rest grouped up in the center of the outpost I tossed a grenade in the middle of them. There were so many different ways I could have done that.Do I need to play the other MGS games to 'get' this one?No. All you need to know is that a badass, former CIA operative, teams up with a couple of other badasses to make his own army in the middle of the ocean in order to get revenge for story reasons. They have flashbacks and recaps on the events of Ground Zeroes, so you really don't have to play that game to understand what's happening. Hell, look up gameplay of GZ on Youtube, the main mission only takes about 30 minutes on average to beat. Playing this first will give you an idea of who one of the main characters in the MGS series is, and the other games will touch on his backstory.for new MGS players looking to play the other games:Chronological order is:MGS3, MGS PW, MGSV, MGS1, 2, 4Those are the main ones. MGS 3 through V cover the story of Big Boss.MGS 1, 2, and 4 all cover the story of Solid Snake.This game plays like a TV show. It is done in episodes, and the cutscenes are all transitional and in one shot. Meaning that once you reach a cutscene area, the player loses control and the camera floats around like the camera in Super Mario 64. The weather, time of day, and clothing/dirt/blood on Big Boss will all depend on the situation the player sets up when he reaches an area that activates a cutscene.This game is HUGE. It isn't Just Cause 2 huge, but it's big. It will take a long time to get anywhere on foot, even motherbase gets too big to just walk around.This is one of the best games I have ever played. You won't beat this in one-sitting. I took a day off work when this came out and played it for 19 hours straight and barley made a dent as far as progress goes. Since the missions are like episodes, it is easier to play this game for about 45 minutes to 1.5 hours a day and make gradual progress if you don't have as much time for video games as you would like.Look forward to other Kojima games because this is his last Metal Gear. For real this time."
76561197981630136,Recommended,287700,17885339,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sodium Chloridah,This is one of my new all-time favorite games.
,Recommended,287700,17939392,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ComradeWinston,"In an era of buggy broken ""AAA"" games, this game's a godsend. What a 'fan' of the series may think, I cannot care. As a game, its on par with games like the Witcher 3 and that's all that matters. Also given how absurdly optimized it is, you may well think it could hit 60fps on a calculator. If you have the remotest of interest in an open world game set in modern times, you have no excuse to skip this game."
76561198206796553,Recommended,287700,25940216,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Clemmbeezy,Awesome!!!
76561198039929810,Recommended,287700,17858836,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ReaperOfPoverty,A Hideo Kojima Game
76561198044250155,Recommended,287700,17859824,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Blood Gorilla,"Never seriously played a metal gear, good gameplay, that doesnt get old, great characters and development, great weapons, out of this world stealth, awesome 1980's themed sounds track and SO MUCH ♥♥♥♥ING CONTENT HOLY♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,287700,17872326,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,・:*PEPSI Sandwich*:・,I LOVE
,Recommended,287700,17872402,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Julius Seizure,No long♥♥♥♥♥Cutscenes
,Recommended,287700,17883555,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Eto Hige,9.5/10 fix those online disconects so I can defend my FOB and this will be a MGS:SOLID IGN 10 outta 10
,Recommended,287700,17888571,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Tanya Degurechaff,As I expected from Hideo Kojima's Masterpiece game.
,Recommended,287700,17888666,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,M3gadeuce,"I'll just write a short review, since I'm lazy. I've played all Metal gear solids from 1 to 4 as well as the msx ones and Ghost Babel. I've played around 20 hours of the game, and yet I'm only 5% done. From my thoughts so far, gameplaywise, this is the best Metal Gear Solid in the series. Storywise however, I liked MGS 3 better. My feelings of nostalgia with MGS 3 are very high, so this may make me sound biased, but I put the Phantom Pain around the same level as MGS 3, which is my favorite in the series. The port to PC is fantastic, which comes as a surpise when you see Japanese ports to PC as of late (I'm looking at you Square.) All in all though, I can say at the very least that this game is worth your $60 and then some. I wouldn't recommend buying the Mother base coins however, but if you want to increase your Mother Base fast, then by all means it's your money."
,Recommended,287700,17972456,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Mika,a solid game
,Recommended,287700,18079975,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,RoyalCE,"GOD BLESS KOJIMAThis game is amazing in every single way possible(except for maybe the story cause it takes a backseat to gameplay, but it's better than 1 hour long cutscenes).The stealth and open world aspects of it are amazing, and in a way, reflects the gameplay previewed in Ground Zeroes. So if you played GZ like me before this, you'll know exactly how it works(i.e., when in doubt, prone it out). It also helps if you play Peace Walker, since this game is pretty much PW but on steroids.And my god...this game is so good.I don't why people are giving thumbs down on it. It's a great port and a near-perfect game. Also Quiet is best girl.DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GET THIS. IT IS SOMETHING YOU WON'T REGRET."
76561198053195906,Recommended,287700,17860757,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Furyan,A Hideo Kojima's masterpiece.GG Konami. Better start investing in your pachinko.
,Recommended,287700,17864120,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Val,"Not for any nation, Not for any ideology, Not for justice, Not for honor, Not for power, Not for the future, Not for love, Not for peace, Only for revenge.A Hideo Kojima game"
76561198080396697,Recommended,287700,17872273,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Khamosh Thoku,Best Mother♥♥♥♥ing game of all time kojima you are a genius!
,Recommended,287700,17888537,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Snake,"Man, I don't normally do reviews. I feel obligated to for this game, though. As a diehard MGS fan, this game (so far) has exceeded my expectations in almost every way. The gameplay is super smooth, the game runs like butter even with everything maxed, and so far I have experienced only one bug (the controls would switch back to default keybinds, after closing/reopening the game), which was fixed within a day or so of release.I've sunk about 50 hours into it so far, and doing all the side missions between story missions, so I don't tear right through it. The AI is better than ever - it makes it super challenging and also a lot more fun, in that they adapt to how you usually encounter them. If you headshot a lot, they start wearing helmets. If you use smoke grenades, they start using gas masks. If you always sneak in at night, they start using flashlights. Definitely keeps you on your toes, and either sets you up with a bigger challenge each mission, or pushes you to try totally different tactics.I've been loving the story so far, but I've gotta say - the one and ONLY thing that kind of lets me down, is the stark lack of cinematics in this game. I know previous games caught flak for it by a lot of filthy casuals not worthy of Kojima's genius, but I felt they really set this series of games apart. So far there have been a few, relatively short cinematics, but for the most part outside of missions, you're reliant on tapes to keep up with the story, or get into the nitty gritty of what's going on behind the scenes. They're great, and you can still understand the story just fine, but it's just not the same. Still would give the game a 9.5/10 so far - lack of long, Kojima-esque cutscenes aside, the game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazeballs."
,Recommended,287700,17962271,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Remove Bees,"My parents are on the verge of kicking me out of the house, my grades are low, I have no money, I have barely anything to eat, my pets are dead, I smell really bad, my therapist cancelled my appointments because I stopped coming in, I'm very sick and I havent seen a doctor in ages, and my room is covered in dust because I cant stop playing this game.1984/10"
,Recommended,287700,17983629,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Air,"Kojima attempted revamping almost everything in the game. As anyone could know, that's a bit risky. With this game, I'd say that KojiPro got some things right and some things wrong.But is it worth playing? Yes, I'd say so.Pros:-Solid controls-Good story-Amazing cutscenes-Great musical score-Very good performance-Many ways of approaching gameplay-Good graphics-Great acting(can't say ""voice acting"" now since it's all done with facial capture)-Amazingly eerie intro-Difficulty curve was just right, at least for meCons:-FOB, the game's PvP mode, is forced upon you-Gameplay starts to feel monotonous later in the game-Story pacing isn't all that great(half of the game is just for wrapping story arcs up)-The plot twist could have been executed better-Falls into the usual pitfalls of open world games, where content feels too sparse across the game world and most of the game's level design is mediocre(aside from some areas, such as OKB Zero and the Oil plant, which were great but few in number)-Despite being open world, you aren't really rewarded for explorationSo, does this earn its place as my favorite Metal Gear game? Not really, no. MGS3 still remains as my favorite. I enjoyed this one, no doubt about that, but there were some things that took away from the experience that I enjoyed in earlier games."
,Recommended,287700,22506395,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Redoholic,"This game taught me how to be a good stealthy mercenary, it has good gun customization and.. ok who the ♥♥♥♥ am I kidding it has a woman in a bloody bikini taking a shower with you and having a fun time in the rain with youSperm/10 ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,287700,17855223,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,wew,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is the best kind of game. It's the game that gives you the freedom to do whatever you like, whenever you like. Want a beautiful story mode, jam packed with exciting classic Kojima cutscenes? Or are you more of an exploration kind of guy? Maybe you bought this game for the stealth mechanics? Don't like stealth? No problem, there are plenty of alternatives!silently Shoot the power wires to cut off radio connection with outposts and HQs, then shoot the spotlight out, shrouding the enemy in darkness. While they're running around confused, you have every means to silently sneak in, extract the hostage and get out, picking off enemies as you go.Or, you could just send repeated rockets at the joint, while your helicopter gives you fire support from above while blasting ""Highway to the Danger Zone"" on its speakers.When you get combinations like this, and with flawless execution, you get one of my favorite games of all time.I give Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain a 10/10, for beautiful gameplay, optimization, and visuals.PS, ғᴜᴄᴋ Konami, all hail Hideo Kojima."
,Recommended,287700,17997140,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Donaldus Rex,One of the best metal gear games since Guns of the Patriots.
76561198058604400,Recommended,287700,26054512,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,BluBari,Best game
,Recommended,287700,26083410,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Matt,There's a lot of booty in the cutscenes c;
76561198350349143,Recommended,287700,29317920,Posted: 17 January,all,Deterrent,"One of the best, if not the best espionage game."
,Recommended,287700,23503441,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Nihil Reich,I'll keep coming
76561198010674130,Recommended,287700,26069193,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,si anjing,its kinda repetitive but i like it. made me wanna play the older mgs games
76561198112087016,Recommended,287700,17896518,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,For The Motherland,"A Hideo Kojima's Game ,with Hideo Kojima inside."
,Recommended,287700,17944734,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,xX//KaGayak1//Xx,A Hideo Kodzima Game.Bootiful.
,Recommended,287700,17945629,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Saber,IT RUNS LIKE A DAMN FIDDLE
,Recommended,287700,17998764,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Radicalised Blue Bear,Great gameplay in regards to mechanics and over all content. But very underwhelming storywise.
,Recommended,287700,18042749,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,639,"Best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever. I love Metal Gear game series, love Hideo Kojima, and I just went crazy with this game.10 Snakes out of 10!Thank you Kojima, you are best video game designer, screenwriter, director and producer in the world.Graphics: 10/10Story: 10/10"
,Recommended,287700,25781194,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Did you mean Dopaje,Rip Kojima(Plz bring snae smash 4 dlc)
,Recommended,287700,24096076,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,synVegas,Don't forget it's a Hideo Kojima game!
76561198021757575,Recommended,287700,17888835,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Incipit Satan,This IS THE BEST METAL GEAR SO FAR...AN I CANT LET THE BAND SLAYER SAY WHAT I...THINK OF IT BUT GOOD THE REAL BATTLE FEILD!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOMec-rYTbo
,Recommended,287700,32613004,Posted: 21 June,all,Plushfire5,"I loved this game. With its flaws (pointless waiting for chopper landing, overwhelming and boring base development stuff, noy very satisfying ending, repetitive missions, drastic difficutly changes, etc.) the game is absolutely great in every aspect. The story might not be as good as the previous games, but it has its touching moments (""A quiet exit"", for example). If you're a fan of the series, I definetly recommend it, it will give you many many hours of play.9/10"
,Recommended,287700,23311164,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Aroa Renau,EPIC!!!
,Recommended,287700,23318537,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Black Rose War,"Great game, though there are more cons then Pros in my opinion, the pros outweigh most of the cons.Pros:Plenty to doLe MG style confuseTies in well with a lot of the universeFunVery well crafted, working well on powerful and weak hardware alikeBeautifulCons:Doesn\'t feel like a MG gameSome elements are boring or done to excessGAME IS INCOMPLETEKonami\""Things that would spoil the game\""Tedious elementsNo Hayter\""Open world\"" means roads split up by mountians you can\'t get aroundHard to give exact details without spoiling things. Even with all those cons, I say this is worth the purchase."
,Recommended,287700,17870864,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Big Boss,"Made me believe in video games again. Godspeed wherever you go, KojiPro. Don't let any company tell you no."
76561198100035737,Recommended,287700,17843481,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,lol what a gay,10/10 would CQC Russians while listening to Take On Me again
,Not Recommended,287700,29474435,Posted: 24 January,all,SaintBalor,"This game is one of those cases in art where you may say ""I get what you're doing... I appreciate you're good at what you're doing... I just don't like what you're doing.""While initially fun, after trying to play as many available side missions as I could handle before moving forward with the story, I found myself with an increasing sense of Deja Vu. This game has probably hundreds of missions to complete, but they're all variations of the same 4 or 5 missions, which makes it feel a lot more like an arcade game where instead of choosing your game mode from a menu, you traverse an open world to reach the point where you're playing the actual game.I get the scope of what Kojima was trying to achieve here, but contrary to apparently popular belief, slapping a huge open world to a game doesn't necessarily make for a better overall experience. In this case, in fact I would say it detracts from the experience. There was no need for a world this big, especially considering the meat of the gamplay, and where the game truly shines, is constricted to a few select areas, separated by miles of just about nothing. Outside of those few areas, the rest of the game becomes a game about getting to the fun parts of the game. Ground Zeroes did a better job at providing an enjoyable Metal Gear Solid experience. Ground Zeroes felt like it was hand crafted, brimming with details and amazing level design for a stealth game, like the previous entries in the franchise had been. Hardly any location in this game feels like it was given the attention in level design they gave to previous games in the series.Metal Gear Solid games have always been very  focused, story-heavy games. No matter what, you could always expect that when you played the game, you'd get super intense wacky story that fairly often makes no sense, but it only serves to make it that much more entertaining.  Compared to that, quite frankly, The Phantom Pain feels like a bit of a downgrade. It appears that Kojima took to heart the criticism that MGS4 was way too heavy on story, because where the previous was too heavy, this one is way too light. I would count the seconds until the next time I could see a cutscene to give me a little bit of exposition into what was going on in the game, only to be disappointed when every cutscene never lasted over a couple minutes, and hardly ever showed anything interesting at all...I wanted to like this game, I really did. I love the Metal Gear Solid franchise but it just bored me... Imagine that... I've played every Metal Gear Solid game, and it's the first time I've been bored by one of them.I'm extremely sad to say this, but to me, this is the worst Metal Gear Solid of them all."
,Recommended,287700,17857615,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"Very good game!sets the bar for what games should be<worth every penny>looks great,sounds great, solid controls, great story!running on highest settings with no problems and no bugs ...smooth as silk.I own every MG out there and must say this one so far this one is one of  the best.glad they went back to stealth gameplay and not button masher like the last one.If you love MG this one will not let you down.10/10 in my book and never have I on a review gave that ."
76561198044056089,Recommended,287700,17857842,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,sande,gg
,Recommended,287700,17872358,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Kungu,Where has my life gone
,Recommended,287700,17873252,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Zamma,so impressive
76561198082342473,Recommended,287700,17874334,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zackus,If your reading this its too late your gonna buy it and make sweet love to it for numerous hours to come dont fight it just let the warming glow wash over you.
,Recommended,287700,17877869,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,legg,amazing
,Recommended,287700,17889553,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Punished Yang,"Litterally GOTY, until Konami got greedy"
76561197994082181,Recommended,287700,17889648,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Imperator Simuno,Much fun but they released incomplete game. Many cutscens and missions are missing due to Konami pushing. I guess it just the industry now. So sad.
76561198108906366,Recommended,287700,18012996,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,The Crown of David,The most unique of all the MGS ive played and the amount of content+The game is not that demanding+Well optimized+Fun gameplayI recommend this to anyone who love MGS
76561198026886445,Recommended,287700,18037924,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,CC Kill Kid,"This is not just the best metal gear game (in my opinion), it's also a terrific game, period. I am not a big MGS fan. I played and enjoyed 4, but found 1, 2 & 3 to be unplayable compared to my Thief (more suspensful stealth) or Deus Ex 1 (more options). However, with this game I feel like I felt playing Thief for the first time or DX1 for the first time. It feels genuinely new and fresh, even though it's in a familiar open world wrapper. Speaking of ""open world"" - this is the only such game that feels like the open world is necessary, not a talking point, outside of GTA (looking at you assassin's creed).Highly subjective but that's what these are. If you like stealth, customizing your approach, gear, squad, base - this game will blow you away. Oh, and it's more engaging than any movie I've seen in a long time. Definitely a classic.♥♥♥♥ Konami if they are going to throw Kojima away after this masterpiece. When's his kickstarter starting up? :)"
,Not Recommended,287700,18011747,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Sliminytim,I've played this game for 7 hours now and it hasn't given me anything to keep going back to the game. I'm bored and the difficulty is ramping up and I don't feel the game is worth the extra stress.
,Recommended,287700,18078266,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Super_Boat,10/10 Worth Your Money.
,Recommended,287700,18015089,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,PRiS,GREAT GAMEA Masterpiece by Hideo Kojima and his team!A game that is woth every single cent of my money.
76561198047792373,Recommended,287700,18026109,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,[NYC]VF Hayato,This game is amazing!!!!!!!!!!! with my Nvidia 970 4gb and AMD FX-8320 Vishera 8-Core 3.5GHz overclocked to 4mhz! game runs butter smooth! 60fps no drops! every company who is making PC games! looking at you ark survival evolved! learn from this game! Make games like this! batman arkham knight Warner Bros! learn from this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we want games like this OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Take my money! Hideo!
,Recommended,287700,18031999,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,HowlRiot,One of the best games ever. Bloody Masterpiece
,Recommended,287700,18034583,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,dave,"This is a really really fun game. In terms of fun I give it a 10/10. Really really fun.I can't really find any fault in the gameplay/mechanics, the handling of your horse/vehicles is a bit weird but it's rare for games to get that right anyway so it didn't really detract from the experience. The stealth is good, shooting is fun and the base management stuff never feels like a chore or something that gets in the way.I can't really speak much for the story as I've never played any other game in the franchise but all the ideas and concepts were really interesting and honestly really damn cool. 10/10 for coolness, Kojima. My only gripe with the plot is, while it's all very interesting, I feel like it could've been presented slightly differently. Don't ask me how, all I know is that not once did I feel like the plot was very tight. Cool as hell, but not very well directed.My only major/enjoyment-reducing problem with this game is Quiet. Like, it's 2015, you don't need to objectify women to sell your games. I've heard loads of butthurt people say stuff like ""but it's integral to the character's story!"", and while that statement alone isn't incorrect, the fact remains that a group of (most likely) fully grown men sat together and wrote up a female character which demanded a design with minimal clothing. Not only is her design sexist as hell it's just plain illogical, does anyone know how boobs work? They'd ♥♥♥♥ing fall out of the piece of cloth she has for a bra after 2 steps, a sports bra would make so much more sense. And why the ripped tights? Surely for a character who has to have as much skin open to the air/sunlight as possible AND who is an extremely skilled soldier she'd understand that they serve no tactical advantage whatsoever? I could go on for another couple of paragraphs about this♥♥♥♥♥♥but I would probably burst a blood vessel or two from anger.Overall, I had an absolute blast playing this game. Absolutely worth the price, I give it a very solid9/10"
76561197989221215,Recommended,287700,18038041,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Bolts,"There are two things you need to know before you buy this.1. This is the very worst Metal Gear story, it is offensively stupid. The story is dumb, the contrivances to drive the plot are rehashed from previous games and all the technology is somehow better than the earlier games, despite this being a prequel. The actual story itself is like the Metal Gear Solid blooper reel, a collection of all the worst and most nonsensical plot points from the entire series put together. Remember how in MGS4 everything was ""nanomachines"" and PMCs and how literally every sentence had to have one or both of those? It's basically the same.  In short, skip all the dialog and pretend this is an entirely new intellectual property.  The voice acting is fine, the script is completely bonkers in the sad and tragic way a love letter written by a rabid animal might be. The story literally could not be less satisfying, it actually makes the other games in the series make less sense.2. This is unreservedly the very best gameplay Metal Gear will ever have. The controls are tight, the world is dynamic and creative solutions work instead of forcing you down a linear path for the sake of the story.  If the in game mechanics of something legitimately should work, they generally will. Squirt guns put out campfires and thrown objects stun people, it's great. The base building and employee kidnapping, while silly in premise, is an absolute blast.  The base itself is actually fun to explore...except for the R&D platform, don't go there it is a silly place.It's fun, it's worth the price just don't bother with the story."
,Not Recommended,287700,18075512,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,alfarme,"I dont usually write reviews... but now I feel like I have to speak up. Now, I only played the prologue because that alone was so unbearable, I coulnt take it anymore,I wanted a refund. High end PC and the gfx look like they are from 2008. Scripted prologue bored the hell out of me. Blood & gore effects totally rediculous. Cover system is a joke. WIth the mouse control like it is now, hitting anything is pure luck... I guess thats why there is autoaim like in so many console games.You can tell after 1 minute the game was made for consoles and was never meant to be seen by a mature PC audience. Please stop porting below average console titles into really bad PC games."
76561198007760524,Recommended,287700,18144593,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Cristiano Schumacher,"Disclaimer: I did not play any of the games from the metal gear series except for MGS1 over at a friends house when it came out (and I was pretty young at that time). My knowledge of the former games is close to non existent and comes solely from a short research on youtube. If this invalids my opinion on this game from your point of view, you are free to leave and ignore this review entirely.There seem to be multiple motivations to buy a Metal Gear game:Some people like the cheesy story full of unsubtle not-at-all-clever fourth wall breaks and the M. Night Shyamalan twists at the end.If you are one of those guys you probably already bought the game and furiously wrote a negative review and if you didn't, please continue to ignore it. Storywise this game has very little to offer, Its story is so absurd, so ridiculous and cringeworthy that it sometimes legitimately hurts to follow it.Some people like the cinematic feel of the Metal Gear Solid franchise. Hours and hours of cutscenes featuring digital actors that challenge the idea of movies as we know them.If you are one of those guys, you also need to like all the wierd trends that hit cinema over the last decades: Shaky Cam, Unnecessary Wierd Slow Motion, Oneliners (that at times don't even fit the situation), Lense Flares, long Intros andhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXWsTUTQXF0But even if you do (Mr. Bay, I am honored that you took your time to read my review.) this game is not for you, because the cutscenes are about as long as you would expect from a AAA title. What this game does have is some really immersive episodes, two of which are more like a long interactive cutscene (Prolog and2. Outbreak). But even outside of these, in terms of immersion during the missions this game does it so well, you will probably forget time until your alarm is ringing at 6 am.Some people like the stealth gameplay. Diverting and sneaking around enemies until you reached your mission objective without even anyone noticing it.On top of that you also have to plan your mission (sometimes even choosing your drop point) scout enemies from afar, getting close to them so you can hold them in a controlling grip and interrogate them to gain additional information on your target, keeping in mind that the sun rises at 6 am removing your cloak of darkness. But even the abstraction level above that is your responsibilty: Order the construction of facility platforms in your base, ""recruit soldiers"" (more like abduct them and have them brainwashed by ocelot but whatever), choose which gadgets or weapons R&D should research, send your military on missions, the list is nearly endless. You can even assign each staffmember individually to a different department in your base. You really are the boss; Controlling everything. Stealth is where the game shines though, often times the maps offer different approaches which raises replayability. I noticed that a lot during chapter 2.Speaking of chapter 2; Let's address the elephant in the room. The game has 2 chapters and a prolog, and it seems like a third chapter was planned but never finished, only a few hints towards it were found by dataminers. The second chapter mostly deals with the story of supporting characters and some of those stories are left unfinished. The biggest part of the second chapter, at least timewise, is replaying missions with different modifiers that make them slightly more difficult or expect a clearly defined approach. So the game only really has one chapter worth of missions, which still equals 30 episodes that require a massive time investment. You really do get your moneys worth quality GAMEPLAY.The foxengine performs phenomenal on PC even on older ones. There is simply nothing to add on this topic. This game puts Rocksteady, Warner Brothers and who ever ported Arkham Knight to shame. There is nothing to add here and this is exactly why this is the most overlooked strong point for Metal Gear Solid 5.Personally I only have one problem with the game: Modified Missions. As a programmer i can't believe that allowing us to modify mission parameters ourselves with [EXTREME] [SUBSISTENCE] and [STEALTH] tags would've resulted in much effort. The mission logic is in all likelihood abstract enough to make this simply a case of scripting and GUI programming and probably even doable by modders. Knowing this and that there are only 6 missions present in chapter 2 without one of these tags, makes it look like it was planned as a feature and got removed to artificially bloat chapter 2 so marketing can say stuff like 10 times bigger than MGS1 or whatever. Through this decisions everyone lost: The company lost customers, because I'm pretty sure a lot of the folks raising their middlefinger towards Konami wouldn't complain so much if the game simply ended with chapter 1 and all of us gamers lost the immense replay value such a feature would have offered.All in all though this game is probably the most engaging stealth game i ever played. It is so good that I can't imagine myself going back to games like splinter cell or hitman even though I actually like them a lot. Therefore it is deserving of a ""thumbs up"" in spite of all the controversy sorrounding it."
76561198003306491,Recommended,287700,18145755,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Lady Death of Murder Mountain,"An amazing adventure from start to finish. You wake up after a nine-year coma to find out everything you thought you knew has changed, and you've lost part of yourself.  All you know is the pain of loss, and it won't stop hurting. It's time to fight for revenge. Now go. Let the legend come back to life."
76561198096071919,Recommended,287700,18012529,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,TheOfficialYOLO,Got knocked over by a ram which got me detected by a sniper  10/10 would ram again !
76561198046938523,Recommended,287700,18026021,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,deadass,"10/10, not knack"
76561198042189953,Recommended,287700,18026247,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,BrightHill,Besides the story this game is a masterpiece.
,Recommended,287700,18028128,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,layzie,"good game, submersive & stealth like ;D"
,Recommended,287700,18035025,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,sugoi ja nai,Skyrim with guns
,Recommended,287700,17850650,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Tephlonx5,"Don't let the Konami tag fool you, this is 100% a HIDEO KOJIMA game.And it's, by far, the best of its kind. A The Magnum Opus of the Metal Gear Franchise, and Kojima's final masterpiece before leaving Konami. Metal Gear Solid will never be the same, after this.Edit: Here's my full review.http://allon-s-k.tumblr.com/post/129246240407/metal-gear-solid-v-the-phantom-pain-a-reviewMGSV gets a 9.8/10"
76561197980626989,Recommended,287700,17861176,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Skeezo,A Masterpiece by Hideo Kojima. Nothing left to say.10/10
,Recommended,287700,17863760,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Jet2k5,"Game of the year , Kojima and the team did a great job. 10/10.  no lag issues at all for the game , 60 fps smooth like butter"
76561198215457299,Recommended,287700,18012473,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,$FREEMAN$,this game is awesome 10/10 :) xDThanks to HIDEO KOJIMA
,Recommended,287700,18014335,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,SHAKE,"The single player of this game is amazing. It's a little Just Cause, a little Chaos Theory, a little GTA5 in a nice open-world package across Africa and Afghanistan. Superb weapon customization, and even the ability to paint your own vehicles, including tanks. This game has a few more holes in it than a usual Kojima game, but the gameplay is a solid 10.If there's anything negative about this game besides the FOB missions (which are optional entirely), it would have to be how repetitive some of the side ops are. However, with that being said, the main missions are still MORE than enough to justify a $60 tag. I'm sitting on 53% completion for the entire game and a completed storyline at 170+ hours.One last thing, don't let this stop you from being your entry into the series if you've never played Metal Gear. If nothing else, this is a FANTASTIC point of entry, as there's only really 2 games you would be missing out on by starting here, MGS3 and MGS:Peace Walker. This game does a really good job of explaining the prior events and making you want to experience them, and if you can't find the games to play them, just check the full cinematic movies on Youtube.9.9999999999/10"
76561198079896941,Recommended,287700,17858832,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,The Pumpkin Man,A Hideo Kojima Game... I miss David Hayter though. But all in all a really good game.
,Recommended,287700,21549391,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Croy,"I miss David Hayter, but I still love Kojima's insanity."
76561198043836889,Recommended,287700,21589255,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Message Me Costume Ideas,"Mechanically very interesting and well thought out. From a design standpoint, it's incredibly well done, and can provide hours of fun. It's a good game. But.It wears patience thin, at least for me. Mission structure is very repetetive, and the stealth environments never come close to the level design excellence of the prequel installment ""Ground Zeroes."" The open world is never taken advantage of and feels very empty. Travelling via helicopter is always too drawn out.The story isn't bad, but it lacks the strong characterization of the previous Metal Gear games, and is clearly missing large chunks of plot.Overall: great game, but woefully unfinished. Full of little ideas, sparse on big ones."
,Recommended,287700,21653157,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MuensterQ,FOB mechanics trigger my farming addiction 10/10
,Recommended,287700,21717349,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,tseb,"waiting for chapter 3 dlc is like waiting for hl3good stuff:- sick movement- sick visuals- sick cutscenes (although not enough or as beefy as in other mgs')- cool story (chapter 1)- fun but kinda dead multiplayer- staff management and mother base stuff in general- FOB stuff and missions- open world with many different options on how to complete missionsbasically what peace walker wanted to be but couldn't because it was on psp (gameplay wise)bad stuff:- wtf even is chapter 2 like 3 or 4 cool missions and the rest are just repeated missions but harder- snake doesn't speak- not enough cutscenes- too many cassettes ( i listened to them all but some might skip them due to the length and quantity, therefore missing on some cool story addatives.)- repetitive side ops- no real boss fights (pretty much only 1 long boss fight in the whole game)-where did eli take sahelanthropus? have i missed a cutscene somewhere? WAS I PLAYED LIKE A DAMN FIDDLE?!10/10 mgs3 was still better tho"
,Not Recommended,287700,21766903,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Battouzsai,I managed to finish this excuse of a metal gear solid game. If you are a true fan - move on. If you never played a metal gear solid game before you might like it for its perfect gameplay....
76561198066876884,Recommended,287700,21796707,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Gondarc,Dank Meems 10/10
,Recommended,287700,21836437,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Heercamelot,"the story is great but it gets repetitive afther 40 hours, just the same missions but on a ather part of the map. stil one of the best sp games i have played"
76561198006555257,Recommended,287700,21862442,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Larzech,Great game although feels incompleted due to Konami-Kojima relationship going sour. Most of the dlcs so far are totally optional. Once you have 100% completion on single player there is MGO 3 for multiplayer.
,Recommended,287700,21902656,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Spooderman,"You want to know what phantom pain feels like? Kojima's got you covered.It's the kind of game that leaves you feel empty inside. The title is fitting in ways you wouldn't think.This game simply wont fade away. I can only begin to imagine what it would have been like if it's actually finished, it is 10/10 as it is.Warning to new MGS players: gameplay/story is not for everyone. Make sure to start with GZ to see if you like it."
,Recommended,287700,21905501,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Jerro,You should expect to become quite familiar with your binoculars as you plan your next move.
,Not Recommended,287700,21179861,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Duckroll,"- Loading up the game, you have to hit enter, then escape, then enter again, and again, then another load screen, then hit enter, then a load screen, etc. It takes like 5 minutes to get in and start playing even with an SSD.- First 2 hours is like a drug trip, makes zero sense as a man on fire chases you and other goons around a hospital. You have to crawl along the floor most of the way, making it more like disabled person simulator 2016. None of the plot makes sense. Then you're taken to Afghanistan for some reason? WTF is going on.- Finally to open world, gets a bit better. Snake can't seem to climb tiny steps of sandbags and there's no jump button (there's e for ""Climb"" but you can't ""climb"" if it's too small an edge.- Stealth is pretty awful, always seems to devolve into a firefight since you can't stealth kill a group of five enemies together. End up having to run away or just mow them all down noisily.- It's 2016 and there's no save option. How do you not have something as fundamental as quicksave?"
,Not Recommended,287700,21216189,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,LofeOfZofe,Cons-Stupid and boring story.-Annoying supressor system that always ends up in giant shootout.-Bad map design.-Poorly written diologe.Pros-Good graphics.
76561198111393588,Not Recommended,287700,21216742,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Shadow426,"I'm sorry but this stuff they pulled in the recent patches has made this game entirly unplayable. Before that though the game was golden.WHY? FOB thats why, when it is unlocked it takes a large chucnk of your GMP (money used to get upgrades and stuff) is instantly dropped in the red when offline and this can cause your crew to leave you making the game even harder ontop of limiting the amount of vehicales and turrets you can set up while offline. and when your online you run the risk of your gmp and resources being stolen (unless you shell out money for their ""insurance"") the problem I have with online is it increases the loading times on EVERYTHING seven fold.It's either slow as ♥♥♥♥ or severly limited until (and I doubt this very much) Konami ♥♥♥♥s off and removes the restrictions to offline mode as well as shoving 75% of everything into online.♥♥♥♥ KONAMI"
,Not Recommended,287700,21396827,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Master Tang,"If you're looking for story and a classic MGS game, don't bother and just google the true ending."
76561198059397991,Recommended,287700,21518797,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,"Celu""Price""Roger","Metal Gear Solid V is the best game i have ever played! First thing is amazing ,surprising plot which keeps player with game for long time (long story can keep player with game and provide good fun). Another thing is big open world and possibility to complete the objectives in many ways.Many gadgets in game are really helpful and useful. Metal Gear Online also provides fun and satisfaction beacause your own tactic can make you and your team winner.In my opionion MGSV is the best game of year 2015 :-D"
,Recommended,287700,21588876,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Barbossa,"May your legacy carry on Hideo Kojima, you were a great companion to us.Shame you parted ways with Konami, but the blame is not to be put on you my friend.You never wronged us..."
,Recommended,287700,21843441,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,You wouldn't download a car,"My favorite metal gear solid to date, made me fall in love with the series all over again. I thought I had reached the end of the game, and I was bummed, then it said ""Chapter 2"".... I had only finished one chapter. That was the best surprise I could have gotten."
,Recommended,287700,21861315,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Orchis,"It's *quite good* stealth and action game with a nice level of freedom for carrying out missions in whatever style you like. There's a nice balance between guards being apparently blind at night time and them spotting you from miles away.In terms of being a Metal Gear Solid game, however, it's entirely too light on story to be a satisfying conclusion to the series. If MGS4 tried too hard, MGS5 only tried a little bit.And, Quiet, what the ♥♥♥♥. She's the only woman in the game and she doesn't speak, instantly falls in love with the male protagonist, and can only wear a thong and bikini top for extremely flimsy plot reasons that apparently didn't apply to the 100 year old man in MGS3 who has the exact same *plot things* happen to him.Still GOTY 2015 though, that's how much I feel the gameplay makes up for the lacklustre story."
,Recommended,287700,21478715,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mister Fish,"Worst MGS game story wise, best gameplay wise."
76561198065938742,Recommended,287700,22788034,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Lert,"First bought this game on christmas of 2015, played it for 1.3 hrs, wrote a negative review saying that the introduction is too long and boring, returned it before i got 2 hrs in for the refund policy.Bought it again a couple days back and was finally out THAT DAMNED HOSPITAL... probably my worst and most confusing moment in a game being new to the metal gear series.Once you start out in the open, free lands of Afghanistan, you will be free of your intro experience and actually get what the game offers, which, is a very fun game, as well being optimized like a god.Plus, Snakes Thighs>>>Godzillas thighs"
,Not Recommended,287700,17918338,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Wolf 227,"I love this game.Though I could not accept that this game is not finished yet.Ppl who have seen EP 51's video would know what I mean.Last but not least, ♥♥♥♥anomi."
,Recommended,287700,30939462,Posted: 4 April,all,ArriSA,"Pretty fun game if you like a blend of FPS with RPG elements. Can get repetitive towards the end of the game like most of these tend to do. It's definitely worth a play through if you enjoyed Fallout 4 style gameplay, or Shadows of Mordor for stealth play."
76561198198093051,Recommended,287700,25958130,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Marshall Lee,"You can blare ""Before My Body Is Dry"" from your iDroid speakers while mercilessly gunning down everybody in your path 10/10 mastapeese."
,Recommended,287700,23214697,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Black Wo Shooter,"You get to be manly Tenryuu, drop supply box on horse, punch kuma, steal everything!!! You get a pet girl who will never fully mark everyone in a base and then you get spoted and entire base on red alert. You can squirt her with water and it makes her happy though."
76561197993284209,Recommended,287700,23202128,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,zuuuus,"Only 12% in, with about 20 hours gameplay.Starts awesomely, then drags a bit in my mind, then picks up again hugely, especially with Quiet sniper mission. End of that mission is one of the best cut scenes ever. Overall only minor gripes with getting used to motherbase functions etc. Great graphics, running 4k max settings no AA, framerate fine.Looking forward to the rest off the 88%."
76561198296539023,Recommended,287700,23215038,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,DeLiRiUm,Really Good ! gameplay is amazing......... its pure tactical open world !5\5 Stars !
76561197983897609,Not Recommended,287700,28906541,Posted: 1 January,all,Gravity,"Unfinished story, the second half of the game is mostly just filler and re-plays of earlier missions. The main villan is also made kind of directionless by having six different plans/tools for world domination, with varying degrees of plausability.The open world approach is interesting, but really only comes into play when free-roaming for repetitive side missions. All story missions have a part of the map marked out, and you fail if you go out of bounds. Because they're still part of the open world though a lot of the interesting locales and tight level design is gone from the game. You visit brown mountains in Afghanistan with military bases, and jungle and mud fields in Africa and thats all the variety there is. Every objective has an unlimited amount of approaches to get to it, but this just results in one or two obvious routes you're intended to take and many back doors that skip most of the area.The stealth system was also very simple and your visibility to guards is based entirely around your posture (standing/crouching/prone). You can go unseen wearing a black bodysuit crawling around completely exposed in the middle of the road, but as soon as you stand up you're spotted a mile away. It also has very abusable tools, and you can hide in plain sight by hanging of the opposite side of a horse and walking past guards.The base building and upgrade systems are ripped more or less directly out of a free to play mobile game, and are mostly just timesinks. You can spend millions in resouces and wait an hour to add minor upgrades like a flashlight you won't need to a weapon, or circumvent it entirely by completing a sidequest that allows you to customize your weapons.The engine that its built in works very well, has good draw distance for an open world game and good details in everything, which is too bad since we'll never see it again due to corporate decisions. Controls very nicely too."
,Not Recommended,287700,30818633,Posted: 29 March,all,billy herrington,"""the biggest twist in TPP was that GZ was better all along."" random youtube comment"
,Not Recommended,287700,26932337,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bebsi pls,"Konami, you are dead to me."
,Not Recommended,287700,30091467,Posted: 21 February,all,Alrehaili,Missions are copied and pasted across the entire game.
,Not Recommended,287700,27403430,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,「LUNA」(>ᆺ<),this game drive me insane
,Not Recommended,287700,27388406,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sushinoko,not good kojima
,Recommended,287700,25835972,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Robostar23,"GOTY 2015. The story is terrible but the gameplay is so good that I don't even care.EDIT: Thinking back on it, the story wasn't actually that bad, it just seemed bad because it wasn't as good as the previous games (even rising had a better story)."
76561198174640850,Recommended,287700,24083103,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,djbudz2,Yes
76561198085195733,Recommended,287700,29544411,Posted: 28 January,all,Dave Gold,"The first chapter was pitch-perfect.. it was fun, immersive and owh soo perfect.. and Quiet...my god, thank you for Quiet..The second part was, was the reason i couldnt give this a perfect score.9.5/10 will lie next to Quiet while she's sniping again."
,Recommended,287700,17851513,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ekrance,"A Hideo Kojima Game.Now that I've put some good 100 hours in this game I can write a proper review of it.I've been a fan of Metal Gear ever since I can remember. I started with Metal Gear Solid 1 when I was around 4-5 years old, and so far I have played every game of the saga, so I have good knowledge of the game's background story.Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain sets us 9 years after the events of Ground Zeroes, where the Mother Base we built as Big Boss in MGS: Peace Walker has been bombed to hell with all our staff in it. In this game we control Big Boss again who, along with Miller and Revolver Ocelot, seek revenge on whoever was behind the attack to Mother Base. In my opinion, this game, along with (or after) Metal Gear Solid 3 and Metal Gear Solid 4 is the game with the best story so far, it has some impressive turns of events and it closes nearly every doubt we can have about the first two Metal Gears (back when it wasn't Solid). Although if you're a fan of cinematics and codec calls like me, you're going to miss them in this game, there are no codec calls, they are ""replaced"" with conversations recorded on tapes that you can listen whenever you want once you've unlocked them. There are still cinematics but not nearly as many as there could be in any other Metal Gear videogame.The gameplay is fantastic, it's pretty intuitive, it makes action scenes easier since the camera is located behind you and gets on your shoulder whenever you're going to aim, the camera itself is pretty dinamyc and allows you to look around with no problems. Even though the gameplay is good for action it still has the touch it needs to help us complete every mission with perfect stealth. The game is divided in Main Ops and Side Ops (Just like MGS: Peace Walker) that you can complete and replay once they're available again. You can start these missions from your helicopter, which will get you to their location in no time. It also has an incredible replay value.The ""Open World"" concept was what most scared me about this game, I really thought they would ruin the game's essence making it have an open world, but oh boy, was I wrong. The open world concept is perlecty developed with 3 different instances, we have Afghanistan, Africa and our Mother Base which we can upgrade every now and then.The sound and graphic quality in this game is better than you could expect, Kojima Productions did a really good job with the Fox Engine, you can see this as soon as you start the first mission, a bath of special effects that will be like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to your eyes. The sound, as usual, is one of the things that you will be noticing the most, as it is an infiltration game you will need to pay attention to every single sound you can hear, from footsteps to a soldier snoring.The multiplayer is a bit dissapointing, so far (even though it's just a beta) it's just a 5-map multiplayer with little (close to nothing at all) customization, something that we really miss from the previous Metal Gear Online.Another thing you may want to know is that KONAMI cut off a third episode that was in the making (probably when Kojima got fired from KONAMI and got his name removed from the game), that is something I honestly don't like at all. The game is still a very good game overall, but if you ask me, I wouldn't buy it at full price."
,Recommended,287700,17855588,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dawmino,"If you can forgive the iffy control mapping (just use a gamepad, KB/M is wonk), and the slow intro (cutscenes few and short after you get past that), this game is so goddamn good. I cannot put it down. There is work that I am supposed to be doing, but every waking moment I want to play this instead. It's very rare for a modern game to get that kind of love from me.The optimization is excellent. My PC has a 660 Ti and an i5, and I haven't seen anything other than 60 frames per second, with graphics on high. And it is a pretty game indeed.I cannot stress enough that the Phantom Pain doesn't really accelerate until 2 to 3 hours in. Then you start to be introduced to all the things that make it great.Even after playing around 25 hours so far, I'm still unlocking new layers to the game's various systems and mechanics. There is just so much content.The missions you go on are so prone to taking weird turns depending on your strategy. And you DO have to strategize. Many times I have had to use my equipment and tactics carefully to solve various predicaments I fall into. I actually look forward to replaying these missions again with new equipment or challenge modes. Because I know it's going to play out a bit differently each time.Basically, this game raises the bar on everything and you owe it to yourself to try it. It is abundantly clear as you play that TONS of effort and details went into development. Don't miss out on this. Don't. That would be so freakin' unfortunate. There are so few games that are actually worth a sixty dollar price. MGSV is worth it and then some."
76561198048361702,Recommended,287700,20974978,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,JesterVae,"First things first...someone please tell Konami--Kojima, more likely--that cut-scenes went out of style about 15 years ago. I almost quit playing MGSV because I only actually played about 5 minutes of the first 2 hours of the game. The rest of the time I spent watching cut-scene after cut-scene. Worse still is the fact that most of that 5 minutes is spent crawling and limping around a hospital. It was dreadfully painful.But I encourage anyone to bear through the pain. Skip the cut scenes if you must; you aren't missing much, really. The meat of MGSV is wonderful. With 42 hours played, I've only finished 16% of the game. You can move faster if you run-n-gun, but why? The ""tactical espionage"" is the best part. Don't skip it. Sneak in, stab some dudes, distract, disrupt, destroy. Don't worry about the stupid rank, just come back and get S ranks later. Enjoy the stealth. Enjoy the dog--most OP buddy in the game.The base management part is kinda neat, but the only reason I spend time on my base is to do the Target Practice Side-OPs. I firmly believe that was added to the game specifically to give us reason to run around the base. It's a pretty impressive complex once you get building, but not necessary at all. Except the zoo. The zoo is awesome. Yes, you get a freakin' zoo! Course, you have to stock it with animals you extract from the field, but scanning and extracting is probably the coolest idea in a game, ever. You can see that, of a group of 2-5 guards, only one of them is worth kidnapp-""extracting"", so you have to plan your moves carefully to manage taking out the useless fodder and keeping the diamonds. It makes capturing outposts even more fun.The story gets better once you get past the intro. I actually care now what's going on. Staff Management can be a pain, but mostly because there's no way (that I've found) to place some sort of ""minimum"" requirement for hirees. At some point, I wish my base would stop accepting crap-quality soldiers who fill up my roster, thus forcing me to go through the hundreds and hundreds of soldiers to weed out the trash. Sure, I can sort the list, but I'd rather just stop the flow entirely, and put limits on who we accept. And get rid of Troublemakers, regardless of their value. Always causin' problems...There are a few things that seem so obvious that I'm a little upset that they aren't in the game. First, I really should be able to kill a soldier I've stunned or tranq'd without having to wake them up and without wasting a bullet (suppressors wear out long before ammo). I've got a knife, he's lying on the ground. Simple math. Let me kill this dude, please. Second, if I've got all these cardboard boxes, why can't I stash bodies in them? That would be fun, and I never actually use it myself unless I'm just being silly. Third (and this is more of an annoyance than anything) my Sneaking Suit says that it dampens footsteps, and the D-Walker (you'll get it later) is supposedly quiet, but why don't I hear that? My footstep volume didn't change at all, though it's clear that it's less obvious to enemies. I can crouch-walk all the way to them without alerting them, which is good. The D-Walker has an annoying sound when it moves, so I would love it all the more if that sound were actually quiet like it's said to be. I find it hard to believe that enemies can't hear that mechanical monster stomping up behind them.These flaws are totally forgivable, though. I can't find any reason not to suggest that people play this game. If you like action, you can have it. Forget ranks and just blow stuff up with the dozens and dozens of weapons you can play with. Send in your dog to kill one dude while you knife the other. Call in Combat Support or Fire Support from a helicopter that you can outfit with weapons of your choice. If you're like me, and you like to be sneaky, you can do that, too.There's so much depth to the gameplay that I almost can't believe it. Sometimes I feel like they put too much into the game, to be honest. Between Mother Base, Combat Missions, Side-OPs, regular missions, and all the other little things you can do, I see no end to the hours I'm going to lose to this game. And I'll enjoy every one of them. Even the cut-scenes can't stop me now, because I'm invested in Snake's future and I want to know what I'm working toward."
,Recommended,287700,21069313,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Templars † Fish,"GOTY 2015. One of the best games I've played in a long time. Good and lenghty epic story. Difficult. Accesible for newcomers (audio tapes explain important plot points of previous games). The stealth and control of the character is more direct and intuitive, resulting in extremely better gunplay and gaining a lot in accesibility but without taking any of the complexity out of it. The MGS formula got modernized in this game and it came out of that evolution in an excellent shape. Amazing graphics. The strategy-managment mechanics of Mother Base (offline) and the FOB (online counterpart, invade-able by other players, works very similar to Dark Souls' PvP) will keep you hooked in on top of the amazing gameplay. The multiplayer got released last month for PC and it's going pretty strong with a decent (and very skillful) playerbase, it is pretty fun and once you are done with the story and the PvP FOB mechanics (which took me around 150 hours), this is what will keep you coming.On top of all that, the game keeps getting updated and getting excellent support from the developers. Regular free updates add new FOB events (single-player PvE missions) with new rewards, including new exclusive tools and weapons and customizations items, all which can be developed and used in the FOB themselves to get through what is the most demanding single-player challenge (assuming the player who owns the base doesn't appear to defend it from you, which makes almost impossible to complete, but doesn't mean you can't get steal things from him on your way down).Now, with the addition of the multiplayer, we see the same is true for that too: regular updates keep adding customization items along with balance changes (I recommend reading the developer notes on the site, which explain a lot of the multiplayer gameplay including hidden mechanics; the multiplayer has a lot of hidden mechanics the player can learn and exploit, many of them related to the usage of the C. BOX item), and DLCs which will add more maps are already set to arrive soon."
,Recommended,287700,21117858,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,usp φ,"The cutscenes are like watching movies which I am truly amazed. However, the gameplay is a bit repetitive over time><"
,Recommended,287700,21219282,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,BarbaNeggra,"This is the first Metal Gear i played, and i can say so far, it is one of the greatest games i played. The history is very cool and the gameplay is even better. I bought in doubt if I would like, and the only thing i can say is:THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!"
,Recommended,287700,21234912,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,penishoofd,30+ hours in and I've just reached chapter 2.
,Not Recommended,287700,21235748,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,py,Input system is plagued with issues:Inputs react to keyboard layouts;Certain keys do not respect remapping (navigation in IDROID and misc. menus);A lot of keys cannot be mapped simply because graphic for them is missing.Shame.
76561198081199081,Recommended,287700,21470608,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Plitskin5,"It has been a while since a game has touched me so deeply. Time and time again I recite the words Master Miller speaks. Never have I felt so hurt, betrayed, and moved over a video game. There are other reviews that will talk about the technical aspects. I am just glad I had the oppertunity to play this on PC, and not spend money I don't have on a console. Thank you Kojima."
76561197990257339,Not Recommended,287700,21542371,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Skynne,"Nothing like the original game. Terribly ported from console to PC - the option page to show keybindings show an xbox controller. The pc page is hidden down in menus which don't really make any logical sense.Opening up the 'iDroid' to select a mission, build part of the base, research an item, connects to the internet every time you open it up. Yes, that means, sometimes it will load for 20-30 seconds (or not at all!) just so you can select a mission in a single player game.Stealth doesn't matter. For whatever ridiculous reason, silencers only work for 5-10 shots. Even if you headshot each enemy, it will run out before you clear the area. Enemies are also terrible, no reason to stealth at all. Just go in guns blazing.In-game advertising. Yes, there are ads in-game which popup during cutscenes. Not cans of coke in the background, but big text accompaning the character telling us what sunglasses he's wearing. What the ♥♥♥♥?Oh, and the credits roll at the start and end of every ♥♥♥♥ing mission.Absolutely horrible game. Rubbish. If you liked the old MGS games, don't ruin your memories with this hunk of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198178200033,Not Recommended,287700,21575321,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,9292ryan,"not fun, Bug where whenever reload my water pistol, it calls in a supply drop"
76561198156317057,Recommended,287700,21595917,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MitchesLoveMe,This is one of the best games I have played in a long time.
,Recommended,287700,21885498,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,badseed,amazing. just amazing...
,Recommended,287700,21949065,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Gous,"I'M ETHAN BRADBERRY, AND I LOVE THIS GAME"
76561198010934969,Not Recommended,287700,21211911,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,504,Its a good game dont get me wrong....just not what you expect from MGS V. Its a beautiful massive open world filled with about 20 enemies who are spread out in sets of 3 and you......with the ever ocasional bird or sheep here and there.This game runs right up against the border of being a walking simulator. What kills me is GZ through the first hour of this game is spectacular. After that its a big belly flop in the water.An underwhelming online MP component released nearly 5 months later to finaly complete the game I paid 60 bucks for at launch. From now on if components are missing at launch I shouldn't be required to pay full price. I should be able to deduct pieces of payment until services are rendered and all components are delivered in full.
76561197974093925,Not Recommended,287700,21217991,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Caleb,"One of the worst games I have ever played. Story is painfully slow and drawn out. You spend the first hour doing nothing but laying still, crawling, or if you're lucky, walking very slowly. Constant cutscenes with characters saying the same thing multiple different ways. Stealth mechanics are basically nonexistent. Shooting is a chore. There is no warning taht an enemy will spot you, it seems to happen instantly. Never wasting my money on one of these games again."
,Recommended,287700,21218504,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Vault Hunter,"While the story is easily the worst in the Metal Gear franchise. the gameplay is absolutely fantastic. This is what a next-gen game should play like, yet it can run on potato PCs. I love that I can be creative with how I can take out an enemy, whether its planting a mine near a decoy, hitting them with a supply drop, or simply shooting them.9/10"
76561198041293858,Recommended,287700,21379890,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,AthleticTman,It was a let down compared to MGS history.
,Recommended,287700,21506697,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fenix#6913,cant stop playin' cause MGO3
76561198002524682,Recommended,287700,21522872,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,AjaxLexer,"Excellent game and gameplay, near perfection. As a massive fan of the series I do sorely miss the cutscenes and silly voice acting, and while it's an amazing open world game, I do yearn for a more linear MGS game again. There's something about open worlds that are more hollow than linear games in the story department."
,Recommended,287700,21527106,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Gabranth,Game is legit and awsome. Very well optimized. Been running max on my fx8350 and gtx950. I would highly recommend this game!
,Not Recommended,287700,21535504,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Leinad,Metal Gear Solid 5 is like the child in the Metal Gear family that can be anything but it doesn't know what its doing in life.For an entry level game for the Metal Gear series its fineFor a Metal Gear veteran this is not the game you are looking for
76561198059409763,Recommended,287700,18091098,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Evil Watermelon,"Having played this through and through in a total of 100hrs to date and with a competion % of 60, I shall now write a review.Story:I know there isn't as much story as there is in other MGS games but, there's enough right here to enjoy it, with a SPOILER whole chapter after finishing the main story, with much less mission but still, more plot. END OF SPOILERS. Having said that, I personally enjoyed all of it, maybe most didn't but that doesn't matter, fans might like it, newcomers might like it, it's all subjective.Gameplay:You should already know how amazing the gameplay is, with many new ways to play, this is by far the most fun I've had in an MGS game since I first played MGS3Microtransactions:HAHAHA, don't even bother talking about them, they're completely useless and don't block any fun part of the game, just ignore them.Overall:In the end, is this the best MGS game I've played? I'd say yes, but that's just my opinion, some might say it's horrible and I won't say they're wrong, every opinion is in it's own way right. Is it the best game I've ever played? At the time of this review being written... yes, yes it is, even surpassing my previous favorite: Fallout New Vegas(which I highly recommend),but that might change one day, who knows?With all being said and done, I recommend this 9.9/10 game."
76561197964866568,Recommended,287700,18099045,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Crusader_bin,"100 hours of gameplay. Is it good? Yes. Perfect? No.First few hours I would gladly give it 10/10, It was that good.Engaging story, great action, something new all the time.The graphics are good, although the game could use more AA, I found out that DSR did the trick.In 1080p game is very stable at 60 FPS. the controlls are decent - minus the ones in menus (no mouse support, and you spend a lot of time there!).The problem with the game is, that the story feels watered down the longer I played (my personal opinion).Not only that, the end felt very... unsatisfying, bland even. The endgame is boring, the side ops are entertaining at first, but soon after, you have to do the same exact thing... Again, again and again... And even though I did all of them (purely optional) - I still had a lot (A LOT) of grinding to do, to upgrade all the motherbase and research everything.You have FOB to help you do that. First one is free, you have to pay for the second one. Even with that, you have mindless grinding to do and... Time passing. You have to keep the game on, for the timer to even progress.So near the end of the game - a huge stinker. It actually breaks immersion and feels annying, but that is just how I see it... And it is tied with multiplayer, because you have to be online...Yes... Online... You have your SP game, that you want to max, you want to partake in it (or extend your playthrough to the point of it feeling a chore, not a game). Servers are bad, microtransactions are bad... But the gameplay online doesn't feel very fun either. It actually is very repetetive, full of hackers, weapons are completely unbalanced, and the resoruces you get are not really worth the time. Plus, you can always loose soldiers and resources. It's one of the worse multiplayer games I ever saw really.Boring. Unsatisfying. Punishing you in SP portion of the game. Technically flawed, unprotected...So that is my verdict.The core of the game, the first hours - 10/10. I removed 1 point for the lack of ideas near the end of the game and 1 point for the terrible forced multiplayer compnent. If you opt not to use it, than you might as well remove 1 point for the mindless grind, as it will take you forever to unlock everything. LONG after you completed the game!I still recommend this game, because it IS an awesome experience. It is just... not perfect. In fact, far from it."
76561198027951141,Recommended,287700,18111654,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,DarkRockShooter,SUPER GOOD
76561198027941520,Not Recommended,287700,18139838,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,jojo07206,"the second chapter is just unfinished, it is a unfinished game, not feel like it, IT IS UNFINISHED!!!!!Despite the good gameplay, graphic etc, the story element is missing, and that is unacceptable!!!"
76561198042074029,Recommended,287700,18193317,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Voyevoda,A HIdeo Kojima Gameand one of the best onesseriously its awesome!
76561198143380021,Recommended,287700,18196471,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Rusty McDoom,incredible. First game I was willing to pay $60 for and actually think it was worth it in a while.
,Recommended,287700,18219997,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dale Gribble,"Play Dragon Ball Xenoverse for 24 hours.Finished.Play Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain for 24 hours.10% completion.The story is the weakest in the series by far.Gameplay is superb.Definitely worth buying, but maybe not at full price."
,Recommended,287700,18232532,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,BlackFox,"There is no doubt, this is in many, many peoples opinion the best MGS to date, and for very good reason.The ProsThere are many funny, quirky moments to have in the game from simply Fultoning people away to your MotherBase, to absolutely hilarious glitches, and finally just about anything important enough for a cutscene when you arrive at MotherBase.The controls are tight and extremely responsive, allowing there to be no excuse for what you do to be on the way the game plays, but rather yourself. Sneaking and the 'open' world allow for many ways to go about your objective and are easily the biggest selling points of the game.Resource management is a very large part of the game that could easily halt you in the middle of the story, just so you can go and collect the precious metal or bio-material needed to research that weapon you want.Expanding a bit on one of my points, sneakingEvasion, for mecan easily mean the difference between life and death. Even with the Battledresses you can only take so many hits, and the armor only adds a good 5-10 seconds of getting shot. This is, afterall, what I would classify a 'stealth assualt' game.Which is where this game differs from the other MGS' greatly. You are focused mainly on taking over camps, sneaking into a building and extracting prisoners, or killing/Fultoning high value targets or destroying/Fultoning armor units. There will be ways to go about everything without being seen once, but it was be extremely difficult to do so. Where as in all the other MGS games you can literally sneak past everyone and be fine.The ConsSince I only have two cons myself, I will make it a bullet list and add small detail below it to save a tiny bit of space.CharactersNot to say all the characters are bad, but some have little to no impact on the story or direction.StoryEvery MGS game has a very large and 'confusing' story, but this is by far one of the hardest to follow for someone who is new to the series. There also seams to be a lack of large, heavy hitting emotional scenes like all the other MGS games.Grey Fox, Sniper Wolf, Naked Snake killing Big Boss, etc.ConclusionGood game, easily recommended. The semi-confusing story should not keep one back from enjoying what this game is, which is rather serious stealth action played with excellent controls, with really, really well placed and well executed comic relief."
76561198044260487,Recommended,287700,18243077,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,LightlySalted,"As quoted from Kojima in his magnificent English:""V released Snake who tied up his destiny,&player who tied up w/Snake, received baton to complete the circle of legend. This farewell isn't phantom pain. This unburriable ""everlasting scent of the hero"" will let you move ahead. Enjoy V.""From all of us fans, ""Thanks for that, Boss!"""
76561198095195464,Recommended,287700,18243515,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,[F.A.P]Mclover.69,"Best game from Hideo, buy it before Metal Gear:Survive comes out."
,Recommended,287700,18266126,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,FuscusNight,"Pros :+Very good optimization+Good visuals+Great controlls+General gameplay of sneaking around and shooting stuff is rather fun and addictive+Such lust for revenge!Cons :-Repetetive side missions that get repeated over and over for about 150 times in the same spots around the map with the same few objectives but added difficulty.-Story is rather lacking, large chunks of it got cut out near end of the development and it ended up just not serving any purpose except for faffing around for 70+ hours.-No Metal Gear Online for PC till' frekin January [It's finally out on PC but it's not in a good shape, no text chat support, no anti-cheat system and no dedicated servers so lots of latency problems. My suggestion is for you to avoid it]-The current invasion system the game has (FOBs) is busted, it fails to properly recognise wins, a lot of times it doesn't give you your rewards after winning an FOB invasion and if a defending player shows up to defend his stuff the game becomes impossible to win even if the defending player is horrible and gets destroyed by you a bilion times he can just keep coming back over and over forever, spawning from the door you gotta enter to finish the mission but can't enter due to an alert that never drops because of said player.-Konami servers suck-Microtransactions, you can buy more FOBs with real money and use real money to win and speed up battle deployments (a system where you send your own men and women to fight around the world via a menu so you can get more money/resources).Bottom line :It has its fair share of problems but its worth getting it due to the base gameplay of it being so fun and addictive. Even with the repetetive side missions, the fact than the story is really dissapointing and is obviously missing content i still enjoyed it alot due to the base gameplay of it being so fun."
76561198128278416,Recommended,287700,18327458,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,werkt,its gud♥♥♥♥♥♥ play it
76561198034399757,Recommended,287700,18329415,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,'/2|-|'/2,Best game ever
76561198024529805,Recommended,287700,18336977,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Miata tho,Wait...Who is doing this?Such a lust for revenge...WHOOOOOOOOOOO!?!?!?!?!?!?10/10
,Recommended,287700,17838712,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Dr Strangelove,A Hideo Kojima GameNote for Konami: I don´t care about you!
76561198119748150,Recommended,287700,17839323,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,thecoletrain128,"Pros:- This is by far the best Metal Gear Solid title in terms of gameplay. It gives players a great amount of freedom of how they want to conduct missions.- Graphically Impressive- Has a great soundtrack, consisting of licensed and original tracks- The base management is basically an evolved version of MGS Peacewalker meaning the progress you make within the game also goes towards builing a stronger PMC. It's a feature that made Peacewalker so much fun to play and it's improved upon in the Phantom Pain- FOB missions are a nice addition- The buddy system also adds a nice amount of depth when conducting missionsCons:- MGSV has the weakest story in the entire series and this may disappoint series veterans. Many crucial plot points are never resolved (Kingdom of the flies, a cut Chapter 3) and it's second act falls apart. It's really a shame and is probably my biggest problem with the game as a whole.- With each update Konami puts out comes more attempts to try and get you to purchase MB coins, which are basically the games version of microstransactions. While it's certainly not required, it is frustrating when I have to either wait 12 days to finish an outer op or finish it instantly by spending money.- Whenever you start any sort of mission, you must watch a 30-40 sec chopper ride sequence. Sometimes these sequences have credits that also spoil who will be in the mission so naturally, you lose a surprise factor- MGO, while a nice addition, is incredibly bare bones as a multiplayer mode. It's lack of maps and modes make it hard to really dedicate time into as I know that their are better options. Granted, it's not really the main reason why I play a Metal Gear Solid title. If more modes and maps are added in the future, then I could probably see a stronger community but for now, base MGO is lacking.MGSV was one of my favorite games of 2015 no question. In fact, I was convinced it would be my GOTY and while it did meet many of my expectations, I did walk away feeling slightly disappointed."
,Recommended,287700,17844716,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,gg. | Remi408,"""Did you rike it?""☑ Yes, I rike'd it.☐ No, I didn't rike it."
,Not Recommended,287700,17844979,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Knucklesfan1993,"Alright, I'm gonna have to change my review to negative now that I've beaten the entire story. This game does not live up to the hype. Too many features are missing, unfinished, or just not as fun as they originally seemed. The biggest problem is the story, though.I will say that the gameplay is fun. Building your Mother Base, managing your troops, and most of the missions are all very enjoyable. Outside of missions, though, there is nothing to do in the open world. You can try to catch animals, but you will only ever be able to see two of each type, if you see them at all. Unlike pre-release trailers and demos, you cannot have wild animals roam your base. The animals are restricted to pens on a seperate base, and the only person to ever go there is Venom Snake. Besides the menial task of resource gathering, which eventually becomes irrelevant in the post-game, there is literally nothing to do in the open world. The soldiers you can grab at random bases aren't skilled enough to be worth recruiting, and can all be easily avoided by moving a few feet off of the main road. The only times you will find good soldiers are within missions, and only really the late game ones. Finding good vehicles, like tanks and APCs, are largely restricted to within missions as well. You can fulton away Walker Gears, but as far as I can tell there is no benefit to this. You cannot use them, and they don't seem to ever appear anywhere on your base.The base building is fun, but not nearly as customizable as they said. You can choose one color for your whole facility to be. The medical strut will always have white buildings, the R&D will always have a black building, and everything else is that one solid color you chose. There aren't even very many color options. The only real personalization you get is your emblem, but the emblem editor lags down to less than one frame per second, so good luck with that. I made an emblem I liked at the start and never bothered going back in, even when I got words and pictures to use that I liked more. Even if it wasn't lagging, you get a choice of a background picture, a second background picture layered above that, and two words on the top layer. You get 2 color slots for each item. That's it. That's the whole of the customization. Again, prerelease footage made it seem like you had far more control over things like your soldiers' uniforms/gear, machine gun turret placement, and the layout of your base. Each strut is placed automatically, meaning every players' Mother Base will, barring emblem and color, be exactly the same. Even things like AA guns are out of your control. You extract them, and they are automatically placed on your base with no input from you whatsoever.Later on you get a really cool hover tank called Battle Gear. It doesn't do anything. If you have a mission to send your soldiers on that requires it, it will be sent automatically. It has no actual in-game use, just in menus. You never see it, or any of your soldiers for that matter, in combat. Even if you choose to play as a member of your combat unit, everyone still just calls you Snake/Boss, and even minor cutscenes just change your character model to be Snake.FOB's are a joke. When you actually get to do an invasion, if the other player even cares to try to fight you they may not be able to connect. I was invaded once and never even got notified of it, as you're supposed to be. You just lose some unprocessed resources and whatever♥♥♥♥♥♥tier soldiers you put on your security team. There is no risk and no reward. When doing an invasion the other player can't fight back, and the stuff you get is essentially useless for the in-game money it costs. The big benefit is your max capacity for each unit is increased by building FOB facilites. They are essentially carbon-copies of Mother Base that give you a slight boost to everything, so they are kind of useful. Sadly, building more than one FOB will cost you around ten actual dollars, even though you payed 60 for an unifinished game already.Speaking of it being unfinished: this game does not have an ending. Many plot threads are left hanging, and the game just sort of stops. There are some truly terrible twists, but I'll get to those. All I want to say here, is there was going to be a final level where you fight Liquid Snake in a Metal Gear alongside all of your soldiers/vehicles in a huge final boss battle. Hideo Kojima unfortunately cannot keep a project on time or on budget, so the ending of the game was simply scrapped. He prioritzed things like shower scenes, gross fanservice of a character who was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by an 11 year old in the last game, horse ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics, and all sorts of superfluous nonsense over the actual ending. I like a lot of the side stuff, but it would be nice if the actual main story was finished BEFORE they got to all that, you know?The biggest slap in the face, however, is the big twist they throw at you towards the end, right before that final mission should have taken place. I am going to throw some major spoilers in here, so just skip this paragraph if you want to avoid that. I respect wanting to avoid spoilers, but this twist is enough to warrant not buying the game at all. You know those really stupid fan theories about you not really being Big Boss in this game? Well, they were absolutely true. Big Boss got in that helicopter crash, went into a coma, then woke up and decided ""I hate all of my friends, I'm going to get this nameless MSF guy with amnesia, give him surgery to look like me, and then run off to build Zanzibar Land."" MGSV is a game about ""Venom Snake,"" who is in no way related to Big Boss. He has no real name or character. He hardly speaks at all. The actual events of this game do not show Big Boss' descent into evil as promised, it's just some random chucklehead going on a weird adventure fighting parasites and having a cool dog. It has zero relevance to the main Metal Gear story. Worse, it contradicts it, and the few loose ends it does tie up are in a way that is wholly unsatisfying. Outer Heaven was now started by a guy pretending to be Big Boss. The REAL Big Boss sent Solid Snake to kill his ""phantom"" in the original MSX game, while he was busy in Zanzibar Land prepping for Metal Gear 2. Frank Jaeger no longer knew Big Boss in Africa. Liquid Snake was now a child soldier who was BFFs with psycho mantis and they had an island with a Metal Gear on it that was way more powerful than any of those that came after it. It makes no sense, and basically ruins the character of Big Boss. He's no longer a hero who was betrayed and became disenfranchised with the system he used to serve, addicted to warfare and killing for pleasure in the end. He's a goofball who got in a helicopter crash and thought it would be great fun to make all of his friends suffer for no reason. It's the worst way the game could end, and it is so painfully obvious that the only reason they got so weird on the ending was because so much content had to be cut.The only conclusion I can come to is that this game is unfinished. Kojima doomed this project by being too ambitious yet again, spent too much money and time on unimportant side material and creepy fanservice, and we ended up getting an unfinished mess of a story. On the one had, all of this greatly upsets me, but part of me still likes the game. There are truly shining moments, and the way the game feels during gameplay is unparalled, but I can help feeling burned. I was content knowing going in that this game would have less story, but I didn't expect the story it has to be so terrible. On that front, I can't forgive this game. I'm going to keep playing, to build my base and army up, to see of FOB's ever get working, and eventually to compete in MGO when it releases, but it will always be with a bitter taste in my mouth. The taste of lies, betrayal, and dissappointment. The taste of Venom."
,Recommended,287700,17857862,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,GmanGavin,I kidnap people and make them work for me 10/10
,Recommended,287700,17862002,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,achoo,OH MY GOD ITS SO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD no but really its amazing
,Recommended,287700,22809202,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Maelstrom117,"I'll start this off by saying I've only played one Metal Gear game before, Peace Walker on PSP. I'm a fan of the first Crysis game (not so much the second), and larger open world games like the Borderlands series. I've played a lot of other shooters as well. They're generally fun games, but the story is fairly predictable. You shoot a bunch of enemies and eventually you take down the evil corporation/ government/ aliens. Playing MGSV, I've experienced something I haven't in a while: a story that keeps you guessing. Not only with what will happen next, but questioning who you can trust and whose advise you should listen to.The gameplay mechanics are designed for stealth, as you would expect,  but with the right loadout you can also roll up in a tank with heavy armor and do what you want. I generally am not a fan of side missions in games, especially fetch quests like in the Mass Effect series that don't seem to influence the plot. but the side missions in MGSV are fun, and some are a little difficult.One last thing, you can have a wolf, that you can give a knife to. This wolf can go stab people on command. If that doesnt make you buy this game you have no soul."
,Recommended,287700,22748008,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Kamina's Glasses,"100% this game just to find out I was played like a damn fiddle by the man who sold the world.Also, I'm pretty sure Ocelot has a thing for Big Boss."
,Recommended,287700,22799098,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,李先生,One of the best games i've ever played to be honest
,Recommended,287700,23241768,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Binsbein,"very long game. i've beaten every mission and done all the side quests, but i still haven't found the ending."
,Recommended,287700,23226582,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Jambaban,"Buy this game,you'll find happiness :))))"
,Recommended,287700,27542631,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Derlis,The best stealth game ever. Peak of a masterpiece by Kojima so far.
,Recommended,287700,27788851,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NineOclock,A Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,28532866,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HEROES NEVER DIE!,A Hideo Kojima Game!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,287700,17849252,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Warwolf ³,We don't have the manpower to make a cardboard box.
76561198046156317,Recommended,287700,17865877,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,hakanday,"The burning man is a bit surreal, the a*r*s*e of the guy I follow through the hospital corridors is so real thou."
,Recommended,287700,17885008,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Make,Game of the year.
,Recommended,287700,17925100,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,MBD,Help me. I have a problem. Real life's lighting doesn't look as good as this game's anymore. I've played for 95 hours in 6 days. I think I may actually be merging with my chair. Please send help.
,Recommended,287700,17939044,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Warhol,"Just as the promotions were littered with hints and signs of what this game's ending revelation would be, so too is the game itself littered with signs that it's a rushed project.At its core MGS V has some incredible gameplay, borrowing from the popular features of its predecessors. However, the variety of extra OPs that we saw in Peace Walker, and even further back, VR Missions, aren't properly represented (imo). Only two of the boss fights feel like the boss fights of old. Knowing Konami it's likely we'll never be given an ingame mission creator.If I told you I didn't miss the long cutscenes and conversations of the first 3 games, I'd be lying. Yes, placing the majority of exposition/explanation into casettes allows the player to listen at leisure and gives more time for non-stop uninterrupted action. Still, I feel this is less appropriate for a main series title, since this game isn't for a handheld like Peace Walker was. Part of me suspects Kojima ran out of the time and money to make fully fleshed out and choreographed cutscenes.As for the online play I've already seen people with maxed out resources and 8+ nukes (thanks Cheat Engine community), and others have observed the usual invicibility kiddos. It's on Konami's part if they want to enforce anything other than their microtransaction MB coins. My money's on them not doing a damn thing.Thankfully, this doesn't mean the game is an overall bad experience, and if you're like myself, you'll have no trouble putting in 60+ hours playing/exploring the main and side OPs.Here's hoping MGO is bigger and better than ever, and that the mod community will bring even more game modes (like that oh so sweet Subsistence)"
76561198017418708,Not Recommended,287700,17941035,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,天诛,"There are plenty of fanboys out there that would defend this game to death. I tend to be more objective and although I do enjoy the game very much I have to point out few things. Side Note : I have more than 40h ( played offline )This game is not 10/10 as some reviewers would like you to belive. I have finally completed it. I would give this game around 7/10. Here's why :- In one of the Interviews Kojima stated that he wanted the player to be in the center rather than focusing on ""Solid Snake"", hence he made Solid Snake almost mute in Phantom Pain. He rarely speaks thusly, long cut scenes I used to like and remember from previous games are gone.Big Boss ( Snake ) is an empty shell of what he used to be. I liked Boss better when he was more expressive and badass at the same time. Also David Hayter is not voicing Snake anymore... In my opinion, by changing actors Kojima killed Solid Snake. He made him shallow machine design for killing and hatred. Less expressive and almost annoying. Like he is always constipated. Not the Big Boss I remember. In other words Story in my opinion suffers in both quality and writing.- In of the gameplay videos, commentator stated that ""we wanted to give players freedom"" of approaching situations the way they wanted. While this may sound true, it's not really. Many items ( that can be Overpowered ) will limit your score to A or lower. Which means less money ( GMP ) for you. Game punishes you for killing and getting spotted with lower score. In other words unless you play stealthy, you won't get certain Emblems or achievements ( Rank S ).I always try to aim for S rank. Therefore a lot of items are unusable for me. Compared to other stealth games like Splinter Cell ( where you had three play styles, Ghost, Panther and ""Loud"" as in gun's blazing ) MGS V doesn't reward you for creativity and doing stuff your own way. It gives you personal satisfaction only to say at the end HAHHAHA YOU SUCK! C RANK - Kaz will even say : At least you get out of there alive ( With dissapointed voice ).Guns are mostly Russian looking and a lot of them ARE LOUD!!!! WTF?! I want silencers..... gadgets like in Splinter Cell.I remember one mission ( Perfect Stealth was next to it ) that asked you to destroy enemy Comm Satelites. The catch is YOU START WITH NO ITEMS AND NO WEAPONS. I did this mission with S rank BUT wasted a lot of time, by being prone and remembering enemy walking patterns. Feels very masochistic if you ask me and it was a waste of time. I didn't get anything for it :(You can use those ""loud"" weapons in free roam mode though. ( Still you will get less Heroism and GMP because Snake's preffered style is ""Ghost"" ).- UNLOCKING STUFF TAKES AGES. I like that there is a lot of content but DAMN... it takes in game hours to upgrade stuff or build Mother Base. I would like a game that values my time.- REPETITION! Mission repeats, areas repeats everything REPEATS! I'm sick of Africa and Afganistan already. Everything looks the same to me. Where are the super protected Bases?! Research Facilities?! Nowhere. Dissapointed really.- There is very little to do outside missions. Mother Base feels like wasted potential to get chummy with your buddies. No mini games there or anything like it. Eventually you will see Side Ops as an annoyance and free roam mode will be redundant because the ""open space"" will feels like an obstacle to get from one point to another. Lots of running, driving just to get where you want. Shame really.- lack luster arsenal of guns ( where are my German SMG's and American ones :(? what about PSG-1 ( G3 rifle mod ) and assault rifles? )- Multiplayer available in October... :(- MASSIVE frame rate drop when trying to customise my EMBLEM. I don't know why I have this but I do.- Terrible mouse n keyboard controls.- Alt-Tab doesn't work.-MICRO TRANSACTIONS! SIC.- FOB attack even when you are OFFLINE! ALSO When I went ONLINE the game FORCED ME to buy FOB ( i didnt want it though ) I couldn't select anything on my IDroid. I HAD TO BUY FOB.... Jerks---SPOILER SECTION---- There are 4 buddies to choose from in this game. D-Dog is my second favorite, he will find enemies, prisoners and even plants! You can send him to kill or stun an enemy... but there is not emotional attachment to him as he doesn't have any story.That leaves D horse ( meh ), D-Walker ( which you get late in game and requires massive upgrades to be able to operate on his own ) AND FINALLY WE GET QUIET! The BEST in my opinion companion.I'm not going to get into details but why I'm angry at Kojima is NOT the fact that she ""dies"" ( when you look at the Brig after last mission with her she will have status MIA ) BUT the fact that after spending all those GMP on her and getting REALLY used to have her on my missions ( she IS AMAZING againts skulls especially if you give her anti-material rifle ) KOJIMA MADE IT IMPOSSIBLE to have her as your buddy.... Yeah great. Thanks you Jerk. I don't mind her dying as long as from gameplay point of you I CAN PLAY THE GAME THE WAY I WANT.I just lost all will to play this game. I don't even want to anymore. Can't be bothered to start over again.- Ending is dissapointing and a bit confusing and the fact that KOJIMA SLAPS HIS NAME EVERYTIME I START A MISSION! Gah it's not cinematic ITS A WASTE OF MY TIME. The same goes for those long chopper animations...Game left me feeling robbed and cheated in some ways. Gameplay wise it can be super fun / frustrating at the same time.Be warned though, It's difficult. Hence the chicken hat and overpowered items like stealth camo ( restricts rank to A and lower )."
76561198002494306,Recommended,287700,17954132,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,BOSS NIGGA,"Storyline - 6\10 (There is more story telled in 1 MGS4 sentense than in whole MGS:TPP game)Gameplay -8\10Openworld - 5\10 (Except some AI and wild animals there is nothing to do else)Side ops - 2\10 so boring, no commentsMultiplayer 3\10Online- 0\10 not even existVerdict:  4\10 Overhyped gameWould recommend it playing main episodes for story, but the other things in this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for wasting time.P.S. - Music 10\10"
,Not Recommended,287700,17980555,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,[DDST] Rasp,I'm a little too distracted to write a 'proper' review but here is the short of it...If you don't wanna use a controller this game will make you work to get anything done.There is NO mouse control in the menus and the maps use a virtual analog stick - that alone will seriously hinder anything you want to do - the amount of time you spend in these menus is MASSIVE and that you can't easily select what you want is... frustrating to say the least.
,Not Recommended,287700,17987072,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Xmoono,"""Failed to create save data"". Not playable."
,Not Recommended,287700,18013823,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Живое величие,3/10.A Hideo KoJEWma guide:How to spend 80 millions $ on dinners with famous directors and still recieve 10/10 reviews.
,Recommended,287700,18052926,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Maxiim,"One of the best games I've played to date, definitely recommend."
76561198008160341,Recommended,287700,18059903,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Kilaz,very fun Kilaz like it
,Recommended,287700,18060671,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,WorshipTheCookie,"This game is not a Metal Gear game, but it also kinda is, if that makes sense.Metal Gear Solid V is one of the best games I have played for a long time. The stealth mechanics are fantastic, and the amount of freedom this game allows you to do in order to solve missions is simply mind blowing.Unlike previous Metal Gear entries the focus of this game is not on the story. I feel that the game centers around the narrative that emerges from the players themselves, just due to the many ways this game allows you to tackle different situations. If your in for an epic story, it's still there, but much less emphasis is given to it.Lots of reviews claim that this game contains also vast amounts of filler, while I tend to agree, the core stealth mechanics of this game are so fun that I find myself actually repeating some of the same missions just to experiment different solutions.Kojima's Metal Gear legacy ends with a bang!"
76561198118650538,Recommended,287700,18065552,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,ReanimatedCheese,"9/10.+Excellent gameplay+Excellent amount of content-Mediocre Story (if The last of us is a 10/10 in story depth and complexity and Superman 64 is a 0/10 in story, MGSV is probably like Battlefield or Call of Duty in terms of story depth/complexity)*Personal opinion: To those who gave a bad score only because of story, you guys gotta stick to a standard of what a good game is based on all aspects of a game. If you score a game 5/10 yet spend 40+ hours on it, you either hate yourself for playing that long or butthurt on just one aspect of a game"
,Recommended,287700,18104545,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Ourobori,I'm nuclear...
,Recommended,287700,18111741,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Harmony Muse,A Hideo Kojima Game.
76561197968406208,Not Recommended,287700,18139666,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Heavy Metal,"The gameplay and engine are great, I won't deny that. However, while you are given a lot of freedom with how to approach missions, I realized very quickly how samey most of these missions were. Mother Base was a bit fun to build up, but it also felt like a chore to come back just to walk by my soldiers so they stay happy, with nearly nothing to do aside from hunting down the occasional diamond. For me it just all became a bit of a bore, and a grind for resources. The rather lifeless open world can be fun to play around in, but it was hard to really feel engaged with the game once I got a feel for everything.Did I mention the story? I'd rather not."
76561198010240484,Recommended,287700,18182331,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Caihead,"This will be simultaneously the most satisfying and most dissappointing game of the year. There's a reason why so many people are leaving negative reviews for a largely single player game after clocking in 100+ hours. People who want to love this game for its polish and detail and massive potential are also the ones most let down by an abrupt ending and clear lack of a satisfying three arc structure. Somewhere down the Konami - Kojima fallout the game was cut before it could even reach the resolution and hastily stitched together. With out a doubt the ""ending"" is much worse than the ending of ME3, only because there might have been even more potential that was missed.But I still recommend this game on a very simple premise: The game is fun to play and you will get your money's worth even with the massively cut content."
76561198099286783,Recommended,287700,18214935,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,DontDropTheNaOH,"This is only the second game I have reviewed on Steam, the first one being GTA 5. I tend to only review games that I am deeply passionate about, and being that I have put in 20 hours and am only 15 percent completed into the game, I feel confident in reviewing it. I will preface this the fact that I have not played every metal gear game, but I have played MGS3, MGS:Peace Walker, Ground Zeros and I read the story of Portable Ops, so in the MGS Timeline I know everything Leading up to The Phantom Pain, but nothing afterwards.Gameplay-The gameplay in TPP is nothing short of a masterpeice, Kojima gives you so many tools to use throughout the missions, tools that allow the player to approach a mission virtually anyway you like. In previous games there was a huge focus on stealth, which is still part of the game, but it now allows for more varied gameplay and does not punish you if you want to go in guns blazing. Another deviation from the original MGS games is the introduction of an Open-World game, where as the other games were linear in nature. The Base building aspect of the game is also welcomed, as it gives you a reason to use stealth in order to abduct soldiers to your base. I am really looking forward to the true Online portion of the game when it launches early 2016.Graphics/optimization-There isn't much to say in this section because the results are the same across the board, this game is absolutely beautiful. Just look at the screenshots and the videos! With great texture work for a third person open-world game and amazing draw distance with little pop in, it is definetly a welcome change from some of the other PC games that have launched this year. I have been running this game on a GTX 970 4gig, AMD FX 6300, and on a SSD and with this hardware I have been running the game on Maximum settings with no noticeable drops below 60 FPS. (Note:The Game has a frame cap of 60 fps). It is clear that a lot of work has gone into optimization of the FOX game engine for all computer set-ups.Settings-Generally the settings options are good, Graphical options are pretty good giving you the option to customize pretty much anything you want. Sound options are where the game starts to fault. The only controls you have is for Master Volume and Audio Guidance. It would be ideal to have separate sliders for dialogue, music, and sound effects.Story (No Spoilers)-This section is a mixed bag, most die hard fans may find the deviation from standard MGS formula unwelcomed. But I actually dont mind how they presented the story in TPP. In other MGS games you would be subject to extraordinarily long cutscenes with gameplay sprinkled in between where as TPP takes the opposite approach. This is not saying that there is no story, as you can get a lot from the Cassette tapes that you acquire. This approach makes the game more accessible to non-metal gear players and opens the game up to more players. As to the ending even though I have not reached it yet, I do know how it ends, and I really don't mind how the story ends, I kinda like the idea. (I am being vague to avoid spoilers).Controls-When it comes to controls there are both pros and cons. Generally the controls feel excellent. I have tested both Keyboard and Mouse And Controller. Both work very well, but of course keyboard and mouse allows for much faster and more accurate aiming. Although I would suggest rebinding controls to suite what you are used to as some of the default controls are counter-intuitive. I rebound most controls to my mouse for a more enjoyable experience. One major con in terms of controls is that during the tutorial and throughout the game, tool tips will show the controls for a controller even if you are playing with a keyboard and mouse. This seems like it could be fixed via a patch fairly easily but as of this review this has not happened. The last major con in terms of controls is that mouse support in menus is not supported, forcing you to use the keyboard to navigate, which is just awful especially considering the layout of the menus. This is also something that seems like it could be fixed easily but has not been addressed as of yet.TLDR- Get the game! It is a masterpeice in my own opinion"
76561198067624159,Recommended,287700,18265950,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Excellent,It's... pretty good.
,Recommended,287700,18271802,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Cat iz 4 Fite,"I am a longtime Metal Gear fan who has played nearly every installment in some form or another. I own the Legacy Collection on PS3 as well as Twin Snakes on Gamecube and MGS3:3D on the 3DS. My love for the series largely stems from the story. MGS3 Snake Eater is perhaps my favorite in the series followed closely by Twin Snakes. It was the story in those games that captivated me. Yes I am one of those people who enjoyed the longer exposition and cutscenes.MGSV has left me a little wanting. Don't get me wrong. I am enjoying my time with MGSV. Where MGSV excels is in its smart game design. Its the gameplay that keeps me coming back. The missions are open ended and dynamic with the ability to approach them as you see fit. You can go silent or loud and never feel penalized for it. While many open world games populate the map with busy work and things to collect; everything in MGSV has a purpose. Collecting fuel, metal, biological material, etc all helps to aid in development of new weapons and items. The soldiers you come across at various outposts become a form of resource themselves and can be extracted using a fulton balloon to expand your forces.MGSV's buddy system also gives you a number of different options for completing your missions. D-dog gives you greater situational awareness and can even learn how to knife enemies. D-Horse allows for faster travel between points. D-walker can provide some extra firepower and mobility. And of course the controversial Quiet provides recon and overwatch support. Speaking of Quiet; yes the explanation for her attire is rather silly.If you have never played a Metal Gear game you may feel a bit lost jumping in. However the game offers cassette tapes you can play which give greater context to what's going on. Even without a good grasp of the story the gameplay is the main attraction here. One of the other quibbles I have is that the change in voice actor to Kiefer Sutherland doesn't feel significant enough to justify it. There are very few lines of dialogue actually spoken by Sutherland even when Big Boss is being addressed.Despite all of the controversy surrounding Konami/Kojima leading up to the game's release; I am pleased to say that MGSV is still a very fine game. Whats more it is one of the best PC ports in recent memory. The game has been well optimized and runs at a solid 60 fps. As the last Kojima helmed Metal Gear (perhaps the last Metal Gear period) MGSV is a bittersweet ending to one of my favorite series."
76561198099620747,Recommended,287700,18300266,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,bryce9498,"Great game!! Love the stealth. Some say it can get repetitive on the missions which is true but i still enjoy it anyway. If you plan on getting this game, be sure you love stealth alot because thats %100 percent of the game."
76561197971988439,Not Recommended,287700,18311616,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Defiant,"There is no ending. Don't read further if you don't want spoilers. The plot revolves around child soldiers, they eventually make off with an entire Metal Gear, foiling everything you have worked toward and unleashing the concept of portable nuclear weapons on the world? Everything just gets ♥♥♥♥tarded towards the end of the game, the last six missions are simply repeat missions with added difficulties. I literally had to use Google to figure out why I wasn't getting any more missions, apparently I had, completely unbeknownst to me, finished the game.The gameplay is fun, but every time the story was involved in the game I wasleft shaking my head. The majority of the game doesn't revolve around the story, so I spent a fair amount of time on the game, but jesus christ this♥♥♥♥♥♥makes Mass Effect3 look like a god send.I'm also a huge fan of the MGS series. Been following it for decades... I've seen a lot of fanboys defending the game and how they ""ended"" it as Kojima being quirky. Then they blame Konami for cutting funding. Nah. That's not how it went. Kojima dropped the ball here, the entire way through, and when Konami got their hands on a script they cut funding due to how terrible it all was."
76561198088155383,Recommended,287700,18323282,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Hybrid Soldier,The most awesome game to come out this year full of photo realistic graphics and powered by the Fox Engine this beauty is a must buy. You can tackle the game anyway like its your choice. I do not care if you do not like stealth because you can go in guns blazing or go in quietly and make sure to use your creative freedom as this game does not hold your hand instead it gives you the tools to take on any mission as you feel.Best game so far in 2015.
,Recommended,287700,18330894,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,WoodyWoodClepper,It's been a year and I still love this game despite of controversy behind it. This should win on one of the awards on Steam Awards.#♥♥♥♥konami though.
,Recommended,287700,18338976,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Bqnk,the hype is really something in this game
,Recommended,287700,18348393,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Jingle's Jangles,it's alright.
76561198026163238,Not Recommended,287700,18364189,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,JM,"Whoever decided to use accelerated time in a game where the player has to travel so far to reach the action is a D-Horse.Graphics and sound are by far the best things about this game, the only major good things imo.Online play is activated by default, meaning one must select ""disconnect"" every time one enters the game, or play with Steam in Offline Mode, to avoid invasions. Detection mechanics are questionable, repeatedly been detected with two walls and a room or solid objects blocking line-of-sight. Checkpoints too few and far between. Annoying to have to reset 1st person aim down sight on every checkpoint restart - despite 1st person being selected when checkpoint was first reached. Contextual controls are pedantic re direction facing and button timing.None of these might be compelling reasons to avoid buying the game on their own, but it all adds up to a game that is not a lot of fun and downright tedious in a lot of ways, despite the great graphics and sound design."
,Recommended,287700,17838144,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Cadattack123,"I've played quite a few MGS games in my day, but this game just takes the cake as the best MGS to date.It's also one of the best games I've played in a few years.10/10BUY IT."
,Recommended,287700,17842571,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,A Smart Idiot,Incredible
,Recommended,287700,17887449,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Boss of the Hill,"If this game was a lady, I'd ♥♥♥♥ it. Heck, If it was a man I'd ♥♥♥♥ it."
,Recommended,287700,17908957,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,p0werful,"Just began the game, and I can tell you is one of top games I've ever played in my life. That entire prologue was just amazing, and graphics are top notch. I can't wait to keep playing it."
,Not Recommended,287700,18076592,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,SalemMcGee,"Most overrated game of the century. It's not a ""bad"" game, per se. But it's an awful metal gear. You could turn BB into a younger guy and call the game far cry 5 and everybody would say it's a repetitive POS.Most of the budget was thrown at Stephanie Joosten and Kiefer Sutherland and marketing in general, and almost nothing went into gameplay , and even less into cutscenes and actual story.Every. mission. is.the . same. Absolutely all of them are you sneaking into an outpost and fultoning someone out.The AI is far worse and unpredictable than it has ever been in any MGS game. I've no idea how they made it this bad considering how good it was in 3 & 4.The open world is useless . There are no random events. Almost 0 fauna . No civilians, no life between enemies . They barely talk at all . All guns are the same . There's no face camo , only a handful of outfits .Quiet is a walking sex doll with no justification : the reasons for her being half naked all the time is pure BS.The only time she surprises the player is totally hilarious and stupid.The story is OK, but it totals to not even a tenth of the game , contrary to MGS4 that was more of an interactive movie than a game . And the ending was cut out due to time restrictions.Everything in it feels lifeless and meaningless , aside from a few good MGS moments .I don't regret buying it , I just regret what it could have been if konami didn't ♥♥♥♥ up so massively.Removing the open world part to make the game more lively would have been five thousand times better.To sum up :Pros :Good gameplayGood graphicsCustomization and development add a lot to the gameSome moments of the game will give you chills from how brutal they are compared to usual MGS stuffCompanions are a nice touchBeing able to choose your character is niceCons :Near inexistant story that is meaningless anywayHORRIBLE online experienceEven more lifeless than far cry 2Excessively stupid AIIncredibly repetitive gameplayToo much waitingIN GAME TRANSACTIONS IN A SINGLE PLAYER GAME"
,Recommended,287700,18102375,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Shin,Great game! Story isnt as strong as others in the Metal Gear Solid series but gameplay wise it is amazing! A must play game of 2015.
,Recommended,287700,18111625,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Toastmold,Amazing and awesome. 9/10. I take away points for the later portion of the game not really being completed and for Quiet's outfit.
,Recommended,287700,18112209,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Roboto,"A great Metal Gear game, and one that is accessible to everyone other then longtime fans. Fantastic gmeplay with all the oddball quirks and clever abilities that are staples of Metal Gear games. If you like action and stealth, there isn't much else to say about it. You can get lost for hours doing sideops. Wandering around collecting installations, materials, and soldiers for Mother Base. The story is as well done as any of the best installments and is as well paced too. Metal Gear has a history of a long time running story, and this continues on with it and ties up some loose details. It stands well enough on its own story-wise that you can play it with no problem, and pick up on stuff along the way. Pretty much the opposite of Metal Gear Solid 4. The Forward Operating Base (FOB) portion of the game, while not my cup of tea initially, is very enticing. It allows for coop and really suppliments your single player base really well, making it worth it to start making a FOB."
,Recommended,287700,18112241,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Lucky=13=,Love the fact MGS has gone open world and the strategy/managment aspect provided by the 'mother base' concept is a welcome addtition.
,Recommended,287700,18124247,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Razorkiller1337,"A really amazing pc port for a studio that has not made a pc port of a game since Metal Gear Solid 1 (quite over 15 years ago). Despite the overblown controversy about the cut content and a very short Chapter 2, the gameplay is leagues above any other stealth game (the amount of ways to do every mission is infinite), and to those that say that it's repititive, it depends on how you play it, as in you can make it as exciting or as boring as you want. Story wise, this game has alot less story than the other Metal Gear Solid games (Kojima wanted less cutscenes and shorter cutscenes because everyone complained about them in Metal Gear Solid 4 and Metal Gear Solid 3). However if you haven't played the other Metal Gear Solid games, the story is really good by itself."
,Recommended,287700,18138649,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Ironside451,"This game is clearly the best Metal Gear Solid title in the series from a gameplay perspective.You are given countless ways to approach a situation with a great degree of control, and this makes for some truly memorable moments. However I feel that the story has suffered under the wheels of the Hype train. The game clearly is unfinished, with huge sections of story missing. Big boss throughout the entire game channels Gordon Freeman more than the cocky Jack we met in Operation Snake Eater. Other characters are either underused or underdeveloped.On top of that, the ending twist while interesting leaves much to be desired and creates more questions than answers.Overall great gameplay but a disappointing story."
,Recommended,287700,18153447,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SaladSnake96,"Game is flawed, won't even lie. Story wise its the worst entry in the entire series. However, the gameplay is fun as hell and deserves your attention even if for that alone."
,Recommended,287700,18160588,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Inblood123,"A Hideo Kojima Game.9/10This game is worth the money for newcomers of the MGS series and Veterans.+Gameplay is amazing,the best stealth action game to date.+Optimization is amazing,for a series that has only one other title on PC that being MGS Revengeance,It's better optimized than Batman games after a year of patching .Stable Fps and could run on a potato.(PC Specs are below).+Looks great,the rain,the sandstorms...+Total freedom on how to tackle a mission.+Controls are responsive and tight,can be played well with a controller,mouse and keyboard.+The good old cardboard box is back.+The research and customization are great,you can edit everything on your gun.(yet research late game might take up a bit too long 2 hours in game time)+Immersive the moment you are in game there is nothing that breaks your immersion.Even the menu trough the idroid does not pause the game.+It does not punish you for killing unlike a game like Deus ex : HR (Unless you wanted that E skilled soldier)+It has some intense story moments.+Base management is fun.+FOB are also fun if you love Dark souls invasions.-The story is unfinished for long time MGS fans,for newcomers its good too keep you engaged but otherwise ahhh.-Little to none indoor infiltrations,there are huts and small room sized building that you can get into,but for some reason anything bigger than one room ,has every door locked besides one room.-If you expect a lot of special boss fights like in any other MGS well,they are lacking here.-Takes too long to get Quiet proper clothes.Overall the gameplay is what makes this game great for veterans of the MGS series aswell as newcomers.PC specsCPU: AMD Phenom(tm) II X4 965 ProcessorGPU: NVIDIA GeForce GT 640RAM: 8GBOperating System: Microsoft Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit"
,Recommended,287700,18178694,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,TheManko,"Every release of a Metal Gear game is an event. You know it’s going to be an expensive project, made over many years by some of the best talent in the industry, almost guaranteed to be timeless. In most ways Metal Gear Solid V delivers. It’s quite different from the other games in the series, and there are some decisions in the game that left me baffled. But the negatives can’t blot out the parts that are simply amazingly good.I’ve seen sites praise MGS V as “the best stealth game ever”, which is a statement that sits wrong with me. It makes it sound like this is what every other game in the genre has been trying to do, but was unable to until now. This can set you up with the wrong expectations, as it for example doesn’t provide the same white knuckle thrills the Thief series does, because it just isn’t aiming for the same thing.MGS V is a stealth action hybrid, where either approach works just fine. The series has been nudging in this direction with each installment, with this one being the most accessible to the widest range of play styles. It has the most complex, and the most finely balanced mechanics of any game of this type. Your range of movement, tools and the AI provide for enormous variation and granularity to how missions can play out. At first it feels overwhelming, as there’s just too much to the game for you to master it within a couple hours. This is perfectly appropriate, as MGS V aims at being a huge 50+ hour game.Because of the length, the pace of the story is slower than the other Metal Gear games. I loved the opening hour, but after that it takes a while before it gains momentum again. I didn’t mind it, but if you’re in it mostly for the story, the pace will drive you up the wall. In order to have a good time here, you really have to be in it for the whole package.The biggest problem with the game is that the story is unfinished. When you get to the final stretch of the game, holes start appearing. It’s clear Konami wanted to pull the funding of the project, and they had to cut as much content as they could while still delivering something coherent. There’s videos on youtube from the PS4 collectors edition which featured footage of cut content. It’s stuff that would have fit perfectly into the story as it exists now, and only added to it. It wasn’t cut because of a creative decision, it was a business decision. Unlike most games with regrettable endings, it doesn’t feel like it was poorly thought out, only that it has parts cut out of it.It’s still a story worth experiencing, even with its flaws. There are many high points in the game, even at the end. There was especially one subplot that resolved itself with such power that it kind of blew my mind. On the other hand there are also parts of the story that live up to the “convoluted” reputation Metal Gear games have. This happens mostly when it’s trying to directly tie events of the game with other entries of the series. I see why it has to do it, but it’s clearly more at ease with itself when it’s telling its own story. Taking a step back having finished it, it’s remarkable how coherent it ends up being, given the size.I vastly prefer a game like this to anything released by EA or Ubisoft, who show only a fraction of the ambition Hideo Kojima’s team do. This game is so packed with layers of mechanics and systems, and touches on so many themes and ideas, that it feels idiotic trying to boil the game down to “is it good” or “is it bad”. There’s so much more to Metal Gear Solid V than your average AAA game, that it justifies all the articles and videos coming out about it. For every bizarre cutscene with the camera shoved right into Quiet’s boobs, there are moments reminding you Kojima Productions also created PT, a game that played with audience expectations like nothing else. It’s the most amazing blend of the abhorrent and sublime. If you think MGS V looks interesting in any way, it’s absolutely worth playing."
76561198103251452,Recommended,287700,18181716,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Paramedic,I kinda got what Kojima was trying to do with the story but its essentially a 100 hour game with a 2 hour movie plot
,Recommended,287700,18192680,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Heinz Beanz,kojima everywhere
,Recommended,287700,18192929,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,{SCG} Thunder Rahja,"The singleplayer mode, while only half of what it was supposed to be, is incredibly fun as long as you don't try to wrap your head around some of the more confusing plot points. Play Ground Zeroes first if you have it, as it sets up the beginning of the story for this game. When you do start up Phantom Pain though, be prepared to sit through a feature-length series of on-the-rails tutorial sequences and cutscenes. This game also makes many references to Snake Eater and Peace Walker, so it's a good idea to brush up on their events before playing this game. The singleplayer mode alone was worth the price tag, as it gives plenty for completionists to work on without feeling like a grind. The constant progression of leveling up R&D to build new toys will take quite some time.The 1v1 multiplayer FOB mode is dominated by cheaters. A week hasn't gone by where my base was left untouched by people using trainers and exploits. Don't bother building a nuke either, as cheaters will come to your FOB to steal it, and the only way to counter them is by tossing them into the sea or down several stories. Gods help us if we don't get an anti-cheat by the time Metal Gear Online comes out in January. Don't buy this game for the multiplayer. If you want to avoid cheaters altogether, then decline the service agreement that comes up after you launch the game to start in offline mode."
,Recommended,287700,18207697,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,☠️ⒸⓊⓅ ⓄⒻ ⒿⓄⒺ,"As someone who has never played or know about the metal gear series picking up this game and playing it has now made me not just a fan but a hardcore stealth fan of the genre, Thank You Hideo Kojima"
,Recommended,287700,18237584,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,bobakush,"Yeah, the story isnt up to the Metal Gear standard especially the ending, Chapter 2 is weak as it make you replay the missions, missing chapters. However the gameplay is the best from the series. Also saying that it is not worth 49$ is crazy. It took me 60hours to complete it as well as the upcoming Metal Gear Online, its definitely worth every dollar.I feel people are threating this like Metal Gear Solid 2. People hated it at first because you werent playing as Solid Snake. But now when they look back, it might not be their favorite game but it wasPretty Good"
,Not Recommended,287700,18243714,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,TF2 is shit now. SHIT!,"overhyped garbage controls like♥♥♥♥♥♥stealth is not fun the UNFINISHED storyline is filled with irredeemable weeaboo pseudoscience ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that MAKES NO SENSE and in case it hasnt become painfully obvious since 4- STEALTH AND MERCY IS NOT FUN YOU SHOULD GO GUNS BLAZING0/10 mgs was♥♥♥♥♥♥since 4 deal with it fantards this series needs to die before it gets as autistic as sanicUPDATE: hey guess what assloads of PEOPLE YOU WASTED ALL THAT TIME RECRUITING are KILLED BY STORYLINE like halfway through and there is NOTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT ISNT THAT FUN?UPDATE 2: mgo3 came out and it is the absolute worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. Nothing is balanced properly, stats lie to you, and the netcode is garbage. Expect to kill people and still take hits from them for several seconds after, get grabbed by someone you killed from a mile away, die several seconds after getting behind cover, and other lag related garbage that makes no sense."
,Not Recommended,287700,18251205,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Dark Templar,Being introduced to the MGS series from a friend and then playing them to this date has been fun.HOWEVER this game feels... wrong. It's imcomplete.Konami killed it. They litteraly killed it.
76561198144416451,Not Recommended,287700,18252068,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,InfiniteStaircaseRnotOKAY,"I bought this game excited for the drop of MGSO on october the 6th to find out it's not going to be released till some unknown time  in 2016, Already i spend 3 to 4 hours watching cutscenese and played about 50 minutes between cutscenese and running across this grossly oversized map to get to the same objective. The gameplay was great but only if you have a controler, M&Kb support is a joke, you can't even get the horse to go straight with mkb. But the main gripe i have is the fact that they have nowhere on here that MGSO WILL BE RELEASED NEXT YEAR FOR PC, no.... that's to hard to tell people on you're store page because you don't wana lose sales because you're ""game"" isn't finished.... why not just not release it until the game is complete, I got rip'd off proper by this game and I hope i can get a refund, but just from the intros cutscenses alone I'm already of 2 hours in this game and i wish i had everysecond of it back. PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME IF YOU WANT YOUR 60 DOLLARS WORTH. I give this a  5/10 to resemble the game.... only half way complete...."
,Not Recommended,287700,18271998,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Nyssa,"I've been following the Metal Gear series since MGS2 and have enjoyed pretty much every game Kojima made in the series, but this is the first time I played a Metal Gear game and was bored with it. The game just feels like a slap dash of missions that are really hit or miss with often tedious additional mission tasks that should have never been added. The controls are pretty solid even on keyboard and mouse. The graphics are well done and the game was actually optimized for a Japanese game. The gameplay its self is once again like its missions, hit or miss since this game is mission based instead being a large connected area you progress through in previous games. The mission variety is usually go here blow a man, go here blow a man's stuff, go here and take a man, go here and fight a boring boss, go here and follow a man, or go here and steal♥♥♥♥♥♥ The mission rankings are I swear only based on time seeing as kills and alerts really don't penalise you in the end. The story might as well not of happened, and it's major villain is easily forgotten for a far more awful person who betrays you. The characters are all pretty boring, they someonw how made Ocelot boring in this game, Quiet is just weird wank material, and Keifer Sutherland is kinda of boring as Big Boss/Venom Snake. Also the online might as well not of existed in this game. If you are a fan of MGS go ahead and play this game, but if you are new to the series, just go and play any other MGS."
,Recommended,287700,18272423,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Jeff,"In a nutshell it is enjoyable, does it follow the same storyline that entangled us all from the beginning of MGS. Not really, but I mean come on, a high graphics capable, and intriguing to see whats next.Its a fun plot to snipe, sneak, and assasinate nearly every mission... It does feel like its tailored to a ""Splinter Cell meets call of duty in a bullet limiting way""I really like the graphics cranked, and the challenge to complete missions as stealthy and effecient as possible.Id rate it a 8.5 out of 10.Overall gameplay is fun, I wish it had more in depth ""mothership"" or home base iteraction. But oh well."
,Recommended,287700,18330162,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,CrashMan054,"A HIDEO KOJIMA GAMEOh, and you can knock out Quiet with a supply drop - 11/10 IGN"
76561198125025837,Recommended,287700,18345073,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,0bsidious_Knight,"Like Metal Gear Solid 4, but without Sunny's eggs.10/10 would WAHOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooooooooooo again"
76561198096962153,Recommended,287700,18346345,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,DoomedK,"God's work ! Very good game,you deserve it !!!"
76561198065806166,Recommended,287700,18363300,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Juice,"NOTE: I am almost half way through the story so I think it's time to give my impressions of the game so far. Also I have played all of the previous Metal Gear Solid titles.This game follows Big Boss or 'Venom' Snake as he is now known, whilst hetries to take vengence for the events of Ground Zeroes (Old Mother Base being blown up by Skull Face). It also depicts Snake's decent into evil.. Not going to get it to much more detail but the story feels nicely crafted but a little shoddy at times.One of my biggest gripes with this game are the main missions. There are lots of missions, but most are fillers and it makes the game feel very repetetive, almost making the game feel like a chore. The side ops are the same.The only other issue which I'm sure you've heard is the cut content. Now as a long time Metal Gear fan this hurts, knowing that this game is not at it's greatest potential, but that does not make it a terrible game.PROS:-Excellent Graphics-Superb Optimization-Great Controls-Amazing Gameplay (the best in any MGS imo)-Decent Story (a good story but not MGS3 level)CONS:-Repetitive Missions-Cut Content-FoB Hackers-MicrotransactionsAll in all I give this game a 8/10. It's a great experience so far, and I'll update the review as I finish the story. Although it is a good game, it is one of the weaker MGS games due to it's supposed cut content.EDIT: Chapter 2 is extremely weak, and it really bothers me that there are repeat missions, not just repetetive but actually repeat missions with a difficulty addition ie. Total Stealth. PlusSkullface dies very abruptly and there is no real Skullface boss battle which I would have like to have seen."
,Recommended,287700,18372913,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mirko,"I love almost everything about the game.MY OPINION:There were some things which I didn't like when I started playing, like Snake being less talkative and charismatic than in the previous games. But by the end I fell in love with the whole game. The only thing that I didn't like is that the ending comes very sudden and unexpected. I would like if there was a build-up like in the rest of Metal Gear games. I guess that is because of the Kojima/KONAMI conflict. Also episode 51 would've been nice, but i don't mind it not being finished.THE ENDING HATE (no spoilers):I've seen a lot of people hating the ending or talking about how the game is not finished. I don't feel that way(except the lack of the previously metioned build-up). Kojima has always experimented with games, and every single time he did it he got crap from the community. Like he did with Raiden in MGS 2 and long cutscenes and whatnot in MGS4. People always expect to get an MGS game that was like a previous installment of the series.ONLINE IS NOT PAY2WIN:Also it's important for you to know that it's online part (FOBs part, not the MGO3 part) is not pay2win at all. You can buy extra FOBs with MB coins but I haven't even upgraded my mother base to full in 120h of gameplay. I haven't even upgraded half of my 1st and only FOB. FOB purchases are extremly optional and almost useless. They added FOB insurance which is like a cheat-mode (not losing any resources/staff if you get invaded), but it doesn't interfere with people who don't want that insurance since you are still getting what you stole from them (but they also keep a ""copy"" of those resources/staff).NO OFFLINE MODE:A lot of people are also worried that they will get invaded a lot and lose most of their staff/resources from other players. They are bashing the game for not being able to play it completely offline. I was scared of this at first too. But after playing the game a lot I didn't have any problem with this. I didn't get invaded once in 120h of gameplay. I also invaded only once or twice(if you invade a lot, you will probably get invaded by your target, SO DON'T INVADE OTHERS IF YOU DON'T WANT TO BE INVADED). And if you get invaded you don't lose much, plus you have a lot of time to get it all back. People are truly exaggerating imho.All in all, I would recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,287700,18376391,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sam Paddock Hyde,"RIP Glitch guns, we will miss you.In other words, this game is alright; wish that FOB was seperate from the actual game though."
,Recommended,287700,18377980,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,PrestigiousWrath,"I liked this game a lot. Being a Metal Gear fan since Metal Gear Solid 2, I expected this to be better. What made me fall in-love with the MGS series was always the story and the stealth gameplay. We got a really good stealth game but barley any story. I was EXTREMELY hyped for this game. I even went to my local gamestop and bought the MGS HD Collection to revisit the older games in anticipation. It felt like it fell short of my expectations but it's still a fun game. I would recommend this game to someone who NEVER played a MGS game but if you're a long time fan then you're gonna feel disappointed."
,Recommended,287700,18378139,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,UNDINE OF DARKNESS,♥♥♥♥ing love the game 10/10 needs chapter 3 though chapter 2 is bland as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198023665256,Not Recommended,287700,18378575,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ripside56   blue5666,"Don't waste your money here. Lots of useless info and so many cut scene's, I could not care less. Ultra short game when playing the main missions alone. Other missions you have no part in playing, why have them in the game to begin with.I have no idea who said this is a candidate for Game of the Year but the graphics are only OK at best on high setting and the character moves terribly from the waist down, GTA 3 was better and that was how many years ago?I give this a 3 out of 5 and that's being kind."
76561197999825374,Recommended,287700,18384098,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Hammer,I steal Russian people in the night and have a puppy. 10/10
,Recommended,287700,17843955,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,SpookyShaggy,"Its a brilliant game with high graphics and high realism,but 1 thing. SNAKE KEEPS MOVING AROUND WITHOUT ME CONTROLLING HIM! I get spotted so many times ._."
,Recommended,287700,17940081,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,☂Mawiois,Mercenaries Gears of Subsistence 5: The Phantom Menace Walkerthe best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best
,Not Recommended,287700,17982489,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,「Autistic141」,Amazing gameplay but incoplete plot with too many plotholes.This cannot be considered a good last game of a series.
76561198080543325,Not Recommended,287700,17989262,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Dingus Mcscringus,dis gam suck its doenst work anyway
76561197960383945,Not Recommended,287700,18013359,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,WhoCares,don't bother
76561198007165405,Not Recommended,287700,18023961,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Frank McFuzz,"Let's be entirely serious. I am a massive Metal Gear fan. I've been enthralled by Psycho Mantis's psychic powers, saddened by Old Snake's hopeless mission to rid the world of the patriots and get to the bottom of the conspiracy, and actually think cyborg Raiden can be pretty cool.Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is not a Metal Gear game. It has Stealth, the cardboard box, and Ocelot shows up, and that's nearly where the similarities end. MGSV is a game that has sacrificed all of its personality to cater to a larger audience. I know so many people who have never played a Metal Gear game before who have gotten this game and think that this represents the entirety of metal gear, but this is a far cry from a traditional MGS game.What is wrong with it:They let the marketing team look at the game design before they let Hideo Kojima into the room. Then they made him design the prologue and kicked him into the basement. What is popular, they cried. Why, open world games popular. So despite never being open world before, they shoved it in there. The biggest flaw with an open world stealth game is that most of the thrill of stealthing a stronghold comes from not knowing what's around the corner or what you might run into. That is, of course, not a big deal when you're doing a stealth mission in a base for the 15th time. And speaking of ""for the 15th time"", in order to unlock most of chapter 2's story missions, you have to complete missions from chapter one on a 'harder difficulty'. This is padding that has no place in a game that is already 40+ hours to beat. And that's not even talking about the elusive ""Mission 46"".And let's talk about the ""Main story"" missions. When you start, Big Boss flies in via helicopter whilst they tell you over the radio who the target is. You go to the target, either kill them or extract them, leave the hot zone. THIS IS THE LAYOUT FOR 40 OF 50 MAIN STORY MISSIONS. There are rarely cutscenes for any character that isn't Notacon or Skull Face or Quiet. None of the missions or characters within them have any personality or memorability. In fact, 9 times out of 10, you do the mission and then get a cutscene back at the base which was entirely unrelated to the mission you just completed. Almost every 'main mission' is just filler so you can feel like you're advancing the story.The whole thing is catering towards fans of open world games like GTA and Skyrim. The recommendation I read from a curator, that said ""A combination of GTA and Call of Duty"" made my skin crawl the most. And that's so bizarre, because the prologue is SO WEIRD, it's great fun and nothing makes sense; it's SO Metal Gear! But right after that, it's thrown into Afghanistan shooting Russians, AKA; The setting of every single action game released past 2006. Konami is trying to sell this game to people who are not already fans of the series. I'm not against introducing new people to the franchise, but alienating your longstanding fanbase is NOT the way to do that! The CoD fans they're trying to appeal to will be weirded out by the overly long and strange cutscene that is the tutorial, and fans will be bored to sleep by how standard the rest of the game remains after this point.This is a Splinter Cell game. This is Alpha Protocol with Metal Gear characters. The stealth gameplay is fantastic, and there's nothing wrong with it, but it has no personality; which is what Metal Gear is known for. People don't play Metal Gear for tight controls or realistic stealth mechanics. They play it for bee-o-mancers, old men who can be killed by rolling an in-console date forward, clones and gigantic mini-gun indians, flashbacks on HD consoles which keep PS1 graphics.TL;DR: Do you like filler, padding, and stealth games with no personality? Then this game is for you.2/10. Another franchise has fallen to the streamlining which is the modern game industry."
,Recommended,287700,18039814,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Erik Rdgz,"Pocos juegos me han hecho invertir mi tiempo, ahora no tengo novia, ni trabajo.   10/10"
,Not Recommended,287700,18041151,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,flappy,"No spoilerinosI'd rate this 5/10Pros:-looks really good-lots of weapons and gadgets-cool 80's music-there's a puppy-motherbase expansion is pretty coolCons:-super repetitive... pretty much just killing, stealing, or rescuing with the occasional blowing stuff up.-world isn't really ""open"" just roads leading to other out posts-directed byHideo Kojima-stealthing is meh just shoot em witht the tranq gun and call it good-penalised for using all the cool gadgets that you unlock if you want to get high letter grades on the missions-able to kill a couple guards and the base will go on ""alert"" mode where they walk around for 2 minutes then act as if nothing happened-did I mention that it was directed byHideo Kojima?-most of the ""storyline"" missions I played-Credits after every main mission-party balloons-AI have brain damage?This is the first game in almost 2 years where I started playing the singleplayer and can not bring myself to keep playing till the finish. It is however a well polished game, but say if it was under another title it may have not recieved all the 10/10's it recieved. If the steam refund was more than 2 hours (which in this case was just getting into the game with maybe ~30 minutes of actual game play) I 100% would. Yes it does have lots of hours of gameplay though it mainly consists of the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ 4-5 enemies guarding the blueprints or prisoner that are only midely suprised that the person standing next to them was trenq'd then sent into space to be a soldier in the DD 2 minutes later.The only real game I can think fits in the modernish semi-stealth open world games would be far cry 3 which in my opinion is a better over all game.Also I didn't know if you knew, butHideo Kojimadirected this game."
76561198021368559,Recommended,287700,18056147,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,lee.c,please make more metal gears like this only done 3% thats due to falling over laughing at extract sheep! Lamo! love this game its awsome!!!
,Recommended,287700,18343816,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,hattvika,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WMXrB7VAvQ
,Not Recommended,287700,18345888,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Doginthemafia,Unfinished mess. Those that give good reviews have obviously never played a Metal Gear game
,Recommended,287700,18349459,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,What Doth Life?,"So yeah MGS5, anticipated this game heavily, though I didn't watch the trailers (which is a good thing, they spoil a lot of the story). The game takes place directly after the events of peacewalker, and it would be quite a few years before the events of MGS1. Now I'm not going to directly spoil anything because I highly recommend this game, and I don't think it's worth it to spoil anything to satiate your curiousity, even if you don't plan on getting into it. This game is actually massive, and I doubt I've even come close to covering everything.GameplayIf you've played any other metal gear solid games this one is going to be familiar but very different. The most notable difference would be the lack of the soliton radar, a big staple of the series. MGS5 replaces this with the INT-SCOPE, a multi function spotting tool, that spots the enemies and allows you to see their position while obstructed. This fits a lot better with the open world gameplay, and adds another layer of depth to every mission. Now MGS is a stealth game at it's core and the general stealth mechanics remain from the previous installments. I would describe enemies as having a field of influence, where depending on the lighting, your camoflage, environmental factors (rain/sandstorm/fog), they will become suspicious at a certain range. I feel some of those factors are very overbearing at times, and you'll wonder how they don't see that dark lump in the grass with a gun barrel sticking out. There are a lot of fun new stealth tools with classics like the magazine and the box making a return. That being said, I felt early on that while it's a stealth game, there are a lot more combat options than stealth ones. There's a lot of guns, ones that you can develop depending on how advanced your motherbase is, and cool tactical options like air strikes and tactical helicopters. The buddy system is a completely new installment to the series and they can really dictate how you'll go about doing a mission, my only problem with it is that D-Horse is incredibly useful if you want to do things fast, but the other ones have a far larger impact on gameplay.StoryThe story is told through missions that you undertake at your leisure from your ACC (aerial command centre), there are also side ops which can be just as important available from there as well. This is a HUGE change from the linear story progression from the previous games, now the story in MGS5 is still linear, it's just the in between events can be done at different points. Herein lies my biggest problem with the game, the in between events seem like filler, in the sense that they're pretty inconsequential. This makes sense because you're Big Boss, leader of Diamond Dogs, you do missions. The problem blows up though when you finish a fairly meaty act 1, only to see that act 2 is ACT 1 MISSIONS REPEATED BUT WITH A CHANGE. You'll re-do the act 1 oil rig mission in act 2 but you can't get caught, you'll do the same for Quiet, and quite a few others. The sad thing is, the cutscenes you've already seen get replayed! It convolutes the story in the worst kind of way and sticks out no matter how you look at it. Looking past that, a large portion of the story is told through cassette tapes, these serve to replace a lot of the story you'd otherwise learn from a codec. It creates a weird kind of dynamic with the protagonist, if you thought Snake was quiet before, he barely talks at all in this one. That could be because comparatively there are far less cutscenes and they're not nearly as long at times. Personally that was what distinguished MGS from a lot of other games, it was a cinematic experience, often times you'd have the controller on your lap just as much as it is in your hands. That might not be for everyone, but I thought it was unique to the series and well done (for the most part). I'm going to agree with a lot of what I've read, the story left me unsatisfied.Now I don't think I've been fair here, because when you play an MGS game you expect a lot of things from the previous ones. For MGS5 to stray from the original formula is a brave decision by Kojima and co. They end up creating something amazing, though there are quite a few things that get lost in the translation. To recommend this 75 dollar game to people who aren't original fans of the series is a bit of a gamble, and the purists will always find something to complain about. I'm happy with my purchase and the upcoming Metal Gear Online looks like a ton of fun."
,Not Recommended,287700,18362727,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,threedotonefour,Good game completely ruined by FOB and insurance mechanics
,Not Recommended,287700,18364188,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,DoomTheory,"It really isn't that good, especially not for $60. They say you can play how ever you want, then punish you for not kidnapping every guy you see non-lethally, the PC controls for contextual stuff are always doing the other thing they could do not what you want, there are basically zombies which as the most played out thing games can do, and west of all its ""So long"" because it's this Terrible TERRIBLE grind to unlock everything. For 15 it's perfect for 60 you're getting your money taken from you."
,Not Recommended,287700,18366997,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,NoVa,"Amazing open-world game, horrible Metal Gear game."
76561198036805723,Not Recommended,287700,18374122,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,gabbalo92,A Hideo Kojima game.The worst.
,Recommended,287700,18375721,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Y2 Was Here,hella good
76561198114118513,Recommended,287700,18377466,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,memefan,Haven't played enough of it to really say for sure
76561198044519560,Recommended,287700,18378017,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ragnaros,Amazing gameplay
,Recommended,287700,18380965,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Gorilla God,"Great open world stealth with a lot of choices and flexibility in regards to how you take on challenges, with the game at times adapting to your playstyle and making you find another way to overcome your obstacles. The 2 open areas of the game, Afghanistan and Africa, are a little small and made me wish there was at least one more area to explore.It's one of the best stealth games I've ever played, with a plot twist that for me, ruined  a lot of the story, even if it makes sense in the overall storyline of the MGS series.  If you like 3rd person stealth, play this, just don't get too attached to the story, especially if this is your first game in the series. Apparently, the story wasn't even finished since there was supposed to be one more mission that was cut, you can see it on youtube."
,Not Recommended,287700,18397877,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,♥ Kat,Clearly released before they actually finished making the game.
,Recommended,287700,18421359,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,anime is a sin,Kojima is god.
,Recommended,287700,18428367,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Button Mash (Back to School),"Lovin' it so far! Amazing graphics, good gameplay. Apparently the missions are a bit repetitive but we'll see, I guess."
76561198079412578,Not Recommended,287700,18474611,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Pencil-vester,played for a few hours and then lost all my progress not very good
76561198035397244,Recommended,287700,18476112,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Neo,a Hideo Kojima Game
,Recommended,287700,18496841,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Chow,"Everyone is like blasting away; 'A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME!' Let me tell you why, its because after every mission.... ROLL CREDITS AND HIS NAME APPEAR MULTIPLE TIMES! But I think this is one of the better games so far. So much content. 30 hours into it and its only 20% completion with base maintainance of staff morale (trust me, takes you a hell of a time doing that). Totally worth my USD60.00!"
,Recommended,287700,18505263,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Halo1m,I mean iz okay igues.BUY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME HOLY♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287700,18529281,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Vladkins,9/10 - Very enjoyable escapism experience+ Gameplay is fluid and fun+ Stealth is very well done+ Graphics & Polish are amazing+ Parts of story engage and engross you in the world- Helicopter rides- Replaying the missions to open the final one- Incomplete game due to deadlines (missing episodes you can check footage on youtube)
,Not Recommended,287700,18532410,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,L0G1CC,"(Spoilers ahead but very minor) bad, i was on the intro this was the biggest problem i saw a biger gun and i was about to finish the intro but i could not calculate of how many bullets i would need because i dont have ♥♥♥♥ing telekenis so i had lost a whole hour and had to start over and they make you creaate a charecter just to see that the preson who wold change snake gets killed"
76561198103065944,Not Recommended,287700,18580443,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TeoMikey,"MGS Legacy left us with a BIG ♥♥♥♥ING DISAPPOINTMENT with MGSV TPPWell what can i say about the the game its good, very optimize, and there is Quiet sexy !!!i guess that $80 million was spent on Denvuo encryption rather than on the game it self.then Kojima has just left KONAMI . Guess we  will never see CHPT 3very unfinished game mission repeative, FOB (fresh of the boat) is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid lamevery huge openworld but its lifeless been over run with animals ussr troopsi guess civilians dont exist in game . big buildings that u can not enter"
,Recommended,287700,18594394,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,⎛⎝Cain⎠⎞Nigh†LoяD,cut/missing content? yescan it be better? surestill the best game in the world  IMO
,Not Recommended,287700,18644155,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Candy Danii 💘,"I am thourougly dissapointed in this game, but it's mainly because I enjoyed the previous ones more, and this game is nothing like it.  Now, this review might be biased, but it's because I loved the old games, and comparing them to this, the game is a abomination, take this review with a grain of salt (or the whole bottle).Let me just state that if you haven't played any of the other Metal Gear Solid games, you will like this game.  That being said, if you liked the other games for the long cutscenes, ACTUAL GOOD STEALTH, and challenge, this game is a collosal dissapointment, cause that's how I felt about it.I wanna point out this game is WAY more assault based, and that was a huge red flag for me, the main point of all the Metal Gear Solid games, is to try and sneak through a whole armada of enemies, and since you have limited sources and it's always just you, you're basically put on the defense the whole time, and have to actually think to get around enemies, and having little health incase you screwed up you had to get away.  Now it's basically if you screwed up you can still shoot everyone, and with regenerating health and a crap ton of weapons everywhere, it basically pushes you to do that.  And that's a big problem, I actually just said ""F*%k it."" when I got caught and shot everyone, where as in PREVIOUS games I'd do the total opposite, I'd actually try to hide if I screwed up or I'd knock out that one guy and run away.  On top of that a lot of the missions now are assault based, like the last one, a few explosive missions here and there that REQUIRE YOU to blow something up, or try to extract it.Now another red flag, no long cutscenes, and I LOVED this about other games, I'd get a bowl of pop corn and some soda and just watch for hours, and be amazed at how much info these cutscenes gave and how much depth and detail they all have, now there is little cutscenes and they're pretty quick, only a minute or 2 (give or take).The characters.  They're all pretty unlikeable, and that's hard to say about one of my favorite series.  Snake, although still as bad a$$ as ever, he is always really quiet, where as in something like MGS4, he does talk a decent ammount, and has a lot of detail and character in him, the way he moves, talked, everything.  Then there's Miller, the total a$$hole, that I never ever liked throughout the ENTIRE GAME, that's pretty damn hard to do, usually at some point, even characters I hate I still had feelings for, whether it be good or bad, Miller I just flat out hated the entire time.  Ocelot, he's pretty neat, I did like him, although if you liked his Russian accent you're gonna be a bit dissapointed, but I still liked him.  Quiet, she's my favorite character in the WHOLE game, and before ANYONE complains that she's almost nude and all of that BS, I have this to say, F*%k.  You.  God help you you enjoy a beautiful female.  Cause people like Angry Joe must be some sort of feministic pr*ck who apparently thinks it's rude to enjoy a beautiful and bad a$$ girl.  She is the ONLY character in the ENTIRE GAME I actually f*&king liked, she has more character in her than ANYONE ELSE, AND SHE DOESN'T EVEN F*%KING TALK!  All the characters except for like 2 are unlikeable, where as in MGS 4 and others I loved EVERY character, my favorite character from 4 was Drebin, the F*%KING GUN SELLER, he had more character, than everyone in MGS V COMBINED.The game is extremely repetitive, especially after you beat the story modes, after I did beat the story I felt incredibly bored, and then when I looked back I realized I just did the same, damn, thing, over and over again, there is little to no gameplay variety at all, at least when I played it and beat 70% of the side missions, even a lack of detail in the environments, no civis to save or interact with, the worlds feel incredibly bland even with some wildlife here and there, and it's boring to run back and forth between the exact same bases and do the exact same missions over and over again.The boss fights, they're pathetic and abhor, all we get are the Skulls, which are annoying enemies to fight, I ended up RAGE QUITTING from the Airport fight after wasting 2 hours to try to beat them, then coming back, having to get them stuck by a hangar, and wasting 700 GRAND KILLING THEM.  Then fighting Sahelanthropus it's basically just charging around and shooting him with rockets, that's it, where as in MGS 4 you had to fight interesting enemies like Sniper Wolf, Octopus, Falcon, where they all had interesting ways of fighting them, where you had to find Octopus hiding throughout the building, and Sniper Wolf hiding in the snow having to try to find her first before she caught you, THESE WERE F*%KING INTERESTING BOSS FIGHTS, WHY NOT MORE OF THESE?! NOT JUST CANNON FODDER SKULLS!The story *SPOILERS*, it's....it's....it's just got so many loose ends and not a whole lot of detail or story about characters, I really didn't care, and after I beat it I sat there saying ""THAT'S F*$KING IT?!"" SERIOUSLY?! This was it?! REALLY?! What happened to Eli and the kids? What about Sahelanthropus? Where did they take it? What about the Telekenisis girl? Who is she? Is she a older Psycho Mantis or something? What about Quiet? Where did she go? And she just up and leaves afterwards? WHY DID WE EVEN GET THE OPTION TO UPGRADE HER AT ALL IF SHE JUST FLAT OUT F*%KING LEAVES?!*Sigh...* In the end, the game compared to the old ones is a abomination, if you liked the old games, then you probably won't like this, if you haven't played any of the others, then you'll like this one, but I can't recommend this game from a fan's standpoint."
,Recommended,287700,18655852,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,😀,Public frenzy game
,Recommended,287700,18663073,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mart,Hideo Kojima: The Man Who Trolled The World.
76561198097609988,Not Recommended,287700,18672934,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Big Meaty Claws,"The game was supposed to be the final note of the symphony song that is the Metal Gear series, and yet it was bland and lifeless. I wanted to love this game, I played so much of it, and the gameplay is amazing. And yet, with so many tools and weapons, the world is empty. The characters are lifeless, the boss battles are nonexistant, and the story goes nowhere clearly to the point where it makes no sense. This game is unfinished, and not a suitable substitution for a real Metal Gear game."
,Recommended,287700,18688499,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,DrScorpio,"I've played almost every Metal Gear (with the exception of the portable versions) and have to say this game is amazing. With each version of Metal Gear, it expands and adds more to the game. I dont mean the convoluted story, but rather gameplay. With each version, you can feel the steps the games take to eventually become an open world game where you can do whatever you want and accomplish your objectives however you want.With MGS5 I feel like theres almost nothing I cannot do. How I complete my objectives are for me to decide and I sure screw things up. In the beginning, the amount of freedom is actually too much. Most games tell you early on how you are ""supposed"" to play it. With MGS5 I play it my way and I can imagine other using totally different methods.I highly recommend this game  especially if youre a Metal Gear fan."
,Recommended,287700,18701288,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Scythe Loli,"It's a fun game, don't get me wrong, the variety of ways you can approach most situations and the ridiculous crazy stuff you can pull off makes the game amazingly entertaining, but there are plenty of downsides,  most notably being the fact that it's blatantly obvious how badly konami wanted the game rushed to finish and out the door (along with kojima, presumably)game has an entire chapter of cut content, a mission that wraps up one of the endings being completely unfinished and cut, and the arguably biggest aggravator in my opinion is the fact that the story itself feels rushed, which shouldn't be happening in a game series known for it's plot twist rich stories.overall, I'd definitely give this a solid 8/10, it's still a good game and very fun to play, and will give you plenty of enjoyment, but don't expect it to be a masterpiece, because right now it's more like three fifth's of the game it was supposed to be, and guess what? Konami made a deal with console developers so that the online component, the ACTUAL online component, Metal Gear Online, doesn't release for PC until 2016, way to go konami, you're officially my and many other's least favorite japanese publisher, hope those pachinko machines make you deaf."
,Recommended,287700,18704212,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Pie_Savvy,"MGSV is a game I'd recommend people to get in a sale, which is something I wasn't expecting to say from a Metal Gear game. The gameplay is great but everything else kinda falls flat.(detailed review ahead, no spoilers)The gameplay itself is great, it's the best thing about this game and it's redeeming factor, but the sandbox element doesn't really work to it's advantage. So the game becomes hit and miss.The freedom to inflitrate (or fight) a base from multiple angles works really well, but the exploring and travelling part ends up being dull and lifeless and you'll end up just calling the chopper to travel around.Also you will get really sick of the enemy introductions at the beginning of EVERY mission ruining any element of surprise.The world itself has no real indication of life at all throughout the map besides birds, solider outposts and the odd travelling truck. There's also pratically zero indoor spaces besides the odd room (usually a building will consist of one room with a lot of reused props)As example there features both a powerplant and an airport base in the game and it really falls victim to this, I found that places in past games like the Granin Design Bureau in MGS3 feels miles bigger than them due to the indoor spaces.The story itself isn't gripping at all, If you're expecting a grand revenge story and Big Boss' fall into villiany then this isn't what you'll get.Plot twists or retcons added for no real reason besides a need for plot twists, characters feel barely present (ocassionally popping in on mandatory cutscenes to say ""HEY REMEMBER I'M HERE!"") and interactions are kinda dotted inbetween missions, I had ended up with literally zero motivation to get through it half way through the first chapter. It's worrying when Peacewalker had a more gripping story and gave me more motivation to play through it than MGSV. Also to note: Snake barely says anything about anything at all, besides just ocassionally having a repetition question, things he should have at least some reaction to doesn't get a responce at all from him.Most of the flaws I feel are connected with the sandbox element, The studio giving up a finely crafted linear approach for a huge sandbox feels like a mistake to me, if it was a more linear experience with open ""arena"" areas of infiltration on the major bases, featuring a lot more indoor areas it would have probably succeeded a lot better, as is the opinion I get from Peace Walker & Ground Zeroes. There is also a lot of menu hopping too to do a lot of base orientated things and research, as much as it is disguised as being ""ingame"" through the Helicopter & iDroid.The only blaring problem to me is the lack of Co-op, this game almost seems built to support 2 player sneaking antics.But the gameplay itself is pretty fun, I'm not going to deny it that. I may have 1001 problems with it but the stealth is pretty much perfect in it and doesn't feel like the AI is cheating you and there's some bonus fun when you unlock gun customisation and things start getting a bit silly. Also the noticably massive cut in the amount of cutscenes is always welcome.So my thoughts are get it if you really want a good stealth game and/or are an MGS fan, but do wait for it to go on a decent sale first. Fans should expect more of a Sandbox Peace Walker game than anything else."
,Recommended,287700,18709831,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Beagle Lithuania,"It was a very good game well can i dare say the best of it's tipe. I have played this game for 130 hours or so but stll i can say that after 100 hours it started to get bouring. It had a great start and ending , the charecters were interesting. The ending was a big suprise and a shocking one.I hope that I'm note the only one that liked this game so much. This game will hold a special place in my heart. I hope it does in other hearts to."
76561198086573654,Not Recommended,287700,18722979,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Gans [HR],"If they kept David Hayter, I would have been satisfied, the time wasted for hiring the new voice actor was a bad choice, those funds could have been spent more on the game play, I am disappointed with the online game play, I expected there to be Co-op missions and♥♥♥♥♥♥with other players like there was in MGS:  Peace Walker which were hella fun, now it's just a run down dumpster with tons of repetative missions. I agree with the lack of story, I also do agree with the fact that the game is turning into the next pachinco machine like the new silent hill would be, Firing kojima or what ever happened there was the WORST possible decision those scrubs could ever have made, If they stuck with david Hayter, I would be more than satisfied with the ORIGINAL MGS solid snake/Big Boss voice actor which would have made it's roots some what intact instead of falling off a cliff exploding like a cheap michael bay film.All in all, I'd rate this game a 7 out of 10 should I be an actual video game critique, should I even want to continue going down a list of what is also wrong with the game, there would probably be at most twenty thousand characters of discontent and mild pros on it... The only thing I do enjoy here would have to be the fact that there is quiet who I mostly use for assaulting major outposts and putting soldiers to sleep for mass fultoning, and then there is DD my loveable god damn adorable Wolf Dog who is helpful in everything sneak and sensory related... The pet action was also another benefit to this. D-Horse, I can use to finally♥♥♥♥♥♥on the dead and make my life long dream come true, proning movement, crouch walk movement is also a new step forward and one of the best decisions made offering a new taste in tactical advantage, something else along with this is the ability to take cover against an object like you could in gears of war offering more tactical advantage against hostiles in the game, using the environment like you could in MGS Snake eater to blend in was a well kept investment, though the only issue is that the box should never be given any form of blending features. The box will always be a method of stealth, The box will be love, and the box will be life no matter how much tacky♥♥♥♥♥♥you can put on it. I do love how they added the ability to put music on your helicopter to fly and even support you with extrordinary style, gotta love my 80's music...Mmmf.  Another addition to the game that I did enjoy was customization and the load out system.Most of the things I did not like again from the above was the repetative variety of missions, lack of story, the lack of time put into the game that should have been made worth wile given the fact they could have put more interaction, secrets, easter eggs and of course character back ground may have been the best way to move the game,they stuck with some of the lore but did not keep true to a real metal gear solid game, not only was the lack of vehicles surprising they made it up with the selection of guns...Guns are fun and all but I would love to have went on rampages with a variety of vehicles... Like tanks... a metal gear to build and pilot would have been nice, Perhaps piloting a helicopter yourself would have been fun as hell, there should have perhaps been trucks that could carry your weapons should you want to store them in it and carry certain things that your loadouts could not, and then you have the lack of ability to utilize environmental space for civilians, and random conflicts between the rebels and russians and then some which would make the scenery more interactive and give you a sense of tactical approach, the other issue is that I do agree with the lack of realism, the soviets should have more personnel around guard posts, the out posts should have been teeming with russian soldiers, and for real, they have god damn conscripted soldiers out the♥♥♥♥♥ have you not seen that the russians possess military superiority in numbers? They should be given tank patrols, jeep patrols with possible mounted machine gunes on the back for offensive use instead of being loaded in the♥♥♥♥♥with infantry, perhaps a Logistics truck convoy and some half tracks with the capability to carry soldiers and or provide as make shift light tanks yes.  There is so much potential the game should have had but was not given for a METAL GEAR SOLID game.  Now it just feels empty. It still is playable, yet it just never will be the same as the metal gear's before it. Metal Gear Solid had a good run, it's time to let it die so that it won't have a tower fall on it's♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198043442600,Not Recommended,287700,18728147,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Uncle Ruckus,dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game its♥♥♥♥♥♥and the story just gos donw like a sinking ship. 3/10 not worth the ♥♥♥♥ing money
76561198063343322,Recommended,287700,18736968,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Lance Yance,Extremely well made game. Combat is so much fun because you can accomplish your mission the way you seem fit. Only negative I came across is how redundant some missions can be.
,Recommended,287700,18737350,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DONT TRUST ANYONE,"From stealth to massive murder, MGS V is worth all I paid. However, game of the year? I don't really think so."
76561198127220073,Recommended,287700,18749581,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Me-Hoy-Miñoy,"This was the first game that I played in the MGS franchise, so I'm not qualified to say if I think the story lives up to its predecessors. However, I thought that it held its own as a representitive of the series altogther. It was dark, and even scary at times, moving and sentimental at others, and rarely slow paced.I haven't played another game like it, in that it gives you such freedom to go about a mission in any way you'd like. I experienced several moments throughout the games lifespan that were unscripted, but cooler than many of the scripted moments I have seen in other games. There were ambushes, traps, and well thoughtout plans devised by myself throughout. However, one of the greatest parts of the game was the seamless transition into loud combat if the stealthy, precise approach didn't work out.Overall, I think this game helped assimilate me into the MGS community, and I will certainly be picking up future installments. I recommend it for people of any level of experience with the previous games."
,Recommended,287700,18751632,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,planetcheese,Smoked all day and all night.Several times infact.Still don't have lung cancer.10/10
,Recommended,287700,18752108,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,dirt,the plot was kind of lacking but then i changed my emblem to say OCELOT <3 BOSS and i felt better about it
,Recommended,287700,18755094,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,The mentally challenged dragon,"Awesome game, a lot of fun :D"
,Recommended,287700,18758497,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,100 Shots. 10 Racks a Week,Not as good as the predisessors. but still solid 9.5/10
,Recommended,287700,18762082,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,talk_shit,They Played Us Like A Damn Fiddle!
,Not Recommended,287700,18533703,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,biomasta,"This game does not live up to the legendry METAL GEAR franchise, The gameplay is outstanding but thats about it."
,Recommended,287700,18559776,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bufftin Liberty,"On one corner of the ring, you have the people who have played the other games in this series saying this GAME AIN'T GOOD.In the other corner, you have the people who have only played this game in the series saying IT'S GREAT.So, um... it's pretty okay I guess. I mean, pretty good. Yeah.Solid 9/10Worth the money."
,Recommended,287700,18569478,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,King Crimson Hill,"Metal Gear Solid V is a great game, and, oddly enough for a Japanese game, the PC port is better than the console version. However, that said the open world feels pretty empty after a while and a lot of the guard posts feel copy-pasted. The optional side-ops get fairly repititive late game, and with one exception the bossfights are by far the weakest in the franchise.Once Chapter 1 (roughly 60-70% of the game, or roughly 35 hours in) ends the game starts to feel half-finished. This is most noticable when it comes to the story which skips over a lot of details and never explores any of its themes, which is really unusual for Kojima. Kiefer Sutherland and Troy Baker feel like wasted talent, as they are both good actors but don't really have many moments to showcase that. I loathe the game's secret ending, which I feel was completely unnecessary and further complicates an already tangled storyline. The game was also advertised to reveal the main character's descent into villainy, and that never happens. In fact, if anything he is on his best behavior.On the brightside, the controls are really responsive and the character has weight without feeling awkward like in Grand Theft Auto. There's some good customizatoin (even if it needs more options) and a lot of different ways to accomplish your goal. I do wish there were significant options to increase health without resorting to mods, but that's only been a problem when I'm messing around as opposed to playing normally. The fanservice gets a little much at times (and this is coming from a guy who usually doesn't care) so make sure you only play when you're alone. The game doesn't feel much like a Metal Gear game, but this is mostly a problem for fans, and even though it feels like a different franchise it's still damn fun.To summarize: It's a good game, but gets repititve roughly 50+ hours in and has a weak story. Fans will probably be disappointed, but everyone else is going to have one hell of a time."
76561197972635102,Recommended,287700,18575544,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mazkoth,best game of the year
,Recommended,287700,18580047,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,sauercrowd,veryyyy iceeee
76561198157630829,Recommended,287700,18767345,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Jeff Gordan,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing if you're not sure about buying it ♥♥♥♥ing buy it
76561198065700596,Recommended,287700,18823642,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Slude,goodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgood.
76561198100439658,Recommended,287700,18823836,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Gerald_Tiger,"A HIDEO KOJIMA GAMEMetal Gear Solid V is a great espionage game that gives you full liberty to take out your missions in a big open world for you to conquer. The gameplay is highly improved since Metal Gear Solid IV and makes you feel more in control, been able to choose your arsenal for every mission, including companions and costumes. The only problem is that the game has sacrifice its storyline in order to fully enjoy the gameplay characteristics. Metal Gear Solid is recognize for their incredible stories, almost feeling like a living novel. For Metal Gear Solid V that's not the case, being one of the weakest story in all the Metal Gear Solid saga. Nevertheless, the game is great and without any doubt the best espionage game of this year. I recommend it for fans of the genre, the Metal Gear Solid fans will feel a little disappointed do to the weak story.Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,287700,18945545,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,NeoGeoMVS,amazingly good...
,Recommended,287700,18950183,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Jamboree,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. There is a lot of content for completionists (maybe a little too much), the story will make you feel a variety of emotions (mostly awe from me), and the gameplay is pretty solid. It's a very good entry into the series.Now I'm not the best at Metal Gear Solid games, so even I can tell that this game is quite a bit easier than the others, but of course I don't mind that. I think the single difficulty is an improvement more than anything, because I don't have to feel like a chump picking easy mode. It's nice that the game doesn't focus entirely on stealth either. Don't get me wrong, stealth is still very important to this game, but you have the means to go about most missions guns blazing without getting heavily penalized, and I think that having that option is a good thing.For those who crave the older style of difficulty, halfway through the game you can unlock harder versions of missions, from ones with increased difficulty and removed Reflex time to ones where you have to go in totally naked. Even with those, trying to complete the missions with S ranks and perfect stealth isn't exactly a walk in the park - the improvement lies in the fact that you can complete them at all without perfect or even good stealth.I will say that the gameplay can get stale with how long the game is, especially if you play too many side-ops. Listen to me when I say - do your missions. It'll progress the story and make things much more interesting. Do side-ops when you need a break but still want to play. or you're hurting for GMP (the currency of the game).Overall it's a very good game and well worth the full price of admission for old or new fans of the series."
,Recommended,287700,18953317,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,road to bronze,"i have pretty much mastered this game, all episodes S ranked, all 150 side ops done and all that stuff. First, the side ops are  the worst part of the game, extract this extract that, unlike other Metal Gear games. The story wasnt as good compared to other mg games, but i still found very enjoyable, (amazing twist at teh end).  but out of my over 110 hours, i recomend this game"
76561198130918626,Recommended,287700,18957995,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DEADPOOL,"This game is probably one of the best I've ever played. This doesn't mean that it's perfect, it means that it's simply one of the most gripping games of the last years. To begin with, the gameplay is particularly entertaining,featuring a huge variety of missions and side ops. Some missions can also be played at different levels of difficulty, challenging your skills. The plot is amazing and well-written, even if at some moments in the game it becomes less interesting. The cutscenes are incredibly directed and Kojima shows off all of his directing skills. Finally, the soundtrack is original and fitty, while the voices are perfect for their characters."
,Recommended,287700,18960044,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DJ Big Dick Kazoo,Pretty damn good
,Recommended,287700,18962836,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Matias! CL,I cant stop playing send help
76561198000789475,Recommended,287700,18978289,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Jango,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,287700,18998633,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,rostysilverside,Best GTA (Grand Theft Animal) gamer ever!!!
76561198129840271,Recommended,287700,19023979,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Gwydion,"Metal Gear Solid VThe Metal Gear games were something I had been hearing about for years, and just never took a closer look at them, but then Ground Zeroes came out for the Xbox one, and I finally decided to give it a try. I liked it, I enjoyed the gameplay, the mechanics, and so on but never felt as though it were going to be a huge deal for me.Then finally, when MGSV was released in September, and I saw everyone around me enjoying it, I finally broke down and got the game for the pc.At first I was rather unhappy. The tutorial was incredibly slow, and all I could think during that two hour period was ""oh good lord when will we get to the good part?"" I wasnt exactly surprised, most tutorials are rather slow, boring, annoying, and otherwise avoidable at all costs, but once I got through the tutorial, once I got to the actual GAME where the openworld elements took hold, I realized something: I loved MGSV.It wasn't just the graphics, it wasn't just the open world, it wasn't just building a base, or the endless possibilities to tackling missions; it was ALL of it.The sandbox elements are impressive; in one mission, having to secure a truck and fulton extract it to complete my mission, I remember having to desperately pull my sniper rifle, getting a bead on the driver, and firing two rounds. The first round caused the windshield to explode; the driver slammed on his brakes and the truck screeched to a halt in a cloud of dust. The driver flung open the door, but the second round got him in the side of the head. Lifeless, the driver slumped out of the cab of the truck and lay in the dirt road, unmoving.Another feature of MGSV is buddy support. The first one available is D Horse, and I found him quite useful to have as I progressed through the game. There are three other buddies that can be unlocked as you get further in, but I won't get into much detail here as I don't want to spoil anything.Another improvement in MGSV is the stealth mechanics. Gone are the god forsaken unfair moments where playing a stealth game (in a purely stealth mode mission) are you spotted by an enemy who sees you through two walls, a tank, three bushes and a trash can. The mechanics are very good here, and only perhaps twice have I been spotted where I felt I should not have been.Should you buy the game becomes the question. If you like open world sandbox elements, good story, stealth, and a nearly naked female sniper packing really nice hardware that does everything you want and doesnt say anything, then I most certainly say yes.All in all, this game is absolutely great fun, and I give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,287700,19042921,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,✯SAUCE✯,"Masterful, but the real phantom pain felt is what this game could have been if Kojima had been able to truly finish it."
,Recommended,287700,19043547,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Papa Franku,"I've never come across a game where I've both loved and hated it. I love this game simply because of the story and the gameplay, but hate it because of how slow it can feel at times. It's a must buy for anyone who is into the MGS franchise."
76561198120540428,Recommended,287700,19087515,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Spreelly,is there really any doudt.
,Recommended,287700,19130054,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,2Can2Meme,"For someone that was a PC masterrace gamer all his life and has never played any of the original Metal Gear games, this game was fantastic. It runs extremely well on my old computer. The graphics look spectacular for this time even on lowest settings.The story was interesting, but I'm not sure how diehard Metal Gear fans would see this.The game mechanichs were extremely fun and hilarious at the same time.The only downside: You have to repeat some missions on extreme mode which is unnecesary. They could've just made a tab for a ""challenge mode"". It just seemed like they were running low on ideas."
,Recommended,287700,18301476,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Macho Man,Best♥♥♥♥♥♥ever since sliced bread.
76561198032989929,Not Recommended,287700,18324792,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Imoen,"Gaming this on PC without a controller is no fun at all, the tutorial is not good enough to get the complicated controls with mouse and keyboard. The handling of the menue a disaster - I regret spending money on this. For console gamers sure a good game but not for me."
76561198039117465,Not Recommended,287700,18326404,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Clarky Cat,"Why did you do this to us, Kojimbabwe???"
,Recommended,287700,18345407,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,charlotte-t-,"This is an amazing open world game and has amazing gameplay some of the cut scenes are brilliant and emotional (SHINING LIGHTS) mission, however after the first chapter that rapidly goes downhill and it so obvious that Kojima went crazy spending and Konami thought **** THE BUDGET. They re-use some of the missions and just raise the difficulty level to near impossible, the story is also all over the place which is disappointing for MGS fans who have played from the very beginning which has just leaves more questions rather than tying up all the loose ends. Snake barely says anything! I’m guessing because of the expensive actor they hired and has everyone talking for him. I know everyone kicked off about there being WAAY too many damn cut scenes in MGS 4 but my god there is hardly anything It’s one extreme to another. The boss fights are not brill the skulls don’t even have a back story they are just some random guys they used for the parasite technology (basically nanomachines!).DO NOT get me started on skull face WTF is this guy he gets crushed CRUSHED I was expecting some epic boss fight his story is also bat **** crazy. Especially the epic fail of a cutscene when they are just on a 10 min drive and big boss is trying to avoid eye contact whilst skullface speaks, Then the LOUD music comes in and overdrowns what he says which leaves you thinking WTF, I actually laughed.Also it doesnt exatly show Big boss becoming evil when hes bringing soliders back to recruit instead of killing them, saving animals from war zones, saving chid soliders and making the perfect burger SO EVIL.All in all I recommend the gameplay its one of the best out there, but for MGS fans it certainly does leave you with a sense of Phantom Pain and makes you wonder what happened afer MGS 3...."
76561198218045344,Recommended,287700,18349356,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Stalin is Watching,This has to be my favorite game of the year. When you take into account the massive open areas with a multitude of different options for infiltration this game is just so awesome. The Replayablity is very high for this game so you could probably play it for hundreds of hours! Albeit with the smaller cutscenes the story is very impressive while scull face was not shown enough! The multitude of weapons add to the different options for infiltration and you also unlock cooler tools and items.
,Not Recommended,287700,18350990,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dr. Heinrich Faust {ASCENDED},"I already played peace walker like 3 years ago and it was enjoyable, so I pre ordered and bought it again. Big mistake."
,Recommended,287700,18358897,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Krutte,"Fantastic gameplay, the game runs great on a wide variety of hardware. If you're into stealth games, this one's for you, although the story is a bit thin, speaking as a MGS fan."
,Not Recommended,287700,18397106,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Chaossaint,"I wish I could recomend this game as I had a lot of fun with Singleplayer until a certain mission. After completing said mission you get forced to build an FoB, which is something Konami said was optional.After being confused about their understanding of the word optional I took a look on the forums to see if it really was forced, since I did not want to play multiplayer until I'm done with Singelplayer.What I found then made me consider trying for a refund:Yes, it is forced upon you and the only way to avoid it is staying offline and the game tries to log you in everytime it launches.No anticheat / antihack whatsoever and no reply from Konami representatives regarding the issue.You do not only lose the security staff you assign to the FoB as well as resources stored there, if the Invader gets to the end he gets to steal people from your main base aka your singleplayer staff.But hey Konami now released a solution in there latest patch: for all those who can't or don't want to play daily for about 4-5 only to recuperate their losses you can now get FoB insurance, for your real life money of course. Also its a subscription....Oh and did I forget to mention that once your FoB is online there is no way to delete it?So basically if you are gone for a few weeks and want to play again expect your base to be empty and you GMP in the red.That is the reason I will never touch this game, or any Konami product for that matter, ever again."
,Recommended,287700,35128639,Posted: 22 September,all,"Revolver ""Shalashaska"" Ocelot",Very good game 10/10 would recommend
,Not Recommended,287700,18411420,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Senis,Worst game ever quite is gone worst gaming decision ever stupid hideo kohima
,Recommended,287700,18423798,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,DarkThroat,"Near limitless tactical freedom, a story that will keep you guessing for several dozen hours and amazing visuals to boot, Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain truly is Hideo Kojima's white whale. With over 7 years under it's development belt, MGS5 has pushed the limits of what is possible in the action stealth genre and on previous generation hard ware. Despite being available for previous gen consoles, the power of the FOX Engine does not let that fact hold it back, it's near photo realistic graphics and amazing facial animation software makes MGS5's story all the more captivating, letting subtle/exageratted facial expressions convey feelings more than the very words that kill. After three playthroughs of the story, Mission 43 still brings actual tears to my eyes and I don't think it will ever cease to do so.Despite the fallout that occurred between his development studio, Kojima Productions and the publisher, Konami, MGS5 is very much a Hideo Kojima game and it does not let you forget that. While I have some complaints on the repetitive intro credits at the beginning of every story mission, and while I acknowledge the cut content that could have made this game all the more better, I instead choose to empathize with Kojima's situation and enjoy the game for what I was given.Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain receives a V/5. Here's to you, Kojima!"
76561197961554752,Not Recommended,287700,18427684,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,peeka,No true multiplayer.
76561198126718912,Recommended,287700,18458022,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Kenneth (The Rookie) Johnson,"Excellent in game mechanics easy to achive mission goals the difficulty comes aroudn when you try getting crafty, i'd say its 9/10 the ending feels rushed and cut-off i think we all knwo konami cut material . hopefully we will see more content released"
,Recommended,287700,18458825,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Rhelord,"Great game for people who aren't MGS die-hard fans, don't care about stealth that much and just want loads of weapons, customization and gameplay. Story is pretty decent, playtime is around 100-300h and it can get repetitive with the missions & side jobs.You can attack other people's FOBs (Forward Operation Bases, not your Mother Base) or defend your own. You won't lose much except some resources (not the resources you get by playing singleplayer) and some staff members.Also, the online version comes out for PC on january 2016 (for people owning this game). So yeah, wait for a sale if you care more about the multiplayer version.Worth the money? Absolutely."
,Not Recommended,287700,18462197,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Spo0kzilla,i love it but where is the rest lol
76561198123526390,Not Recommended,287700,18472966,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Alligaattori,-
,Recommended,287700,18497426,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Hmm...,10 BIG BOSSES OUTTA 10
,Recommended,287700,18498593,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Gerre,"MGS V is an amazing game, but it does have some flaws. I highly enjoyed the stealth gameplay and the amount of freedom the open world offers. There are a lot more possibilities on how you want to infiltrate a base or checkpoint. The story was lacking however. It starts out great, but loses focus near the end. The conflict between Konami & Kojima definitely left a mark."
,Recommended,287700,18500877,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Revolver Ocelot,"I've been a fan of this series since 1998 with Metal Gear Solid on the PS1. I grew up with Solid Snake. He taught me to like Japanese-made American heroes more than real Americans. Then, Big Boss came along and taught me to enjoy survival themes and pseudo-history.Eventually, Solid Snake's saga came to an end, and it was only a matter of time before Naked Snake's did too.This conclusion is one of the best games I have ever played.I'll use the rest of the review to address common complaints and explain why this is so.""Open world gameplay ruins the MGS experience.""- I disagree. The series has actually been slowly evolving toward this setup since MGS3. The Phantom Pain perfects the gameplay into a fully free sandbox that lets you play through the game however you want to, from each individual mission to what weapons and equipment you research and utilize.""The story sucks.""- No, the story is told in a different way than previous games. MGS has long been notorious for having extremely long cutscenes that can make the player feel like they're watching a movie with interactive segments rather than a game. The Phantom Pain gives you the freedom to experience the story how you want to, as well. Only a fraction of the in-game tapes are required listening, and the cutscenes that are there are meaningful, visually pleasing, and skippable if you prefer.""Kiefer Sutherland sucks. Bring back David Hayter!""- Okay, at first I agreed with this. Long before The Phantom Pain's release. After playing Ground Zeroes, I had a neutral opinion. But here's the final word: Big Boss is NOT Solid Snake. It's not too far of a stretch to think he'd have a different voice, even if Snake is a clone (not a spoiler, by the way). Big Boss has gotten older, too, and while Ground Zeroes is directly after Peace Walker and the change is abrupt, it's not bad at all. Kiefer does a great job and in a lot of ways I think his voicework fits the new Big Boss perfectly. His lines in this game are some of my favorite quotes ever. If you hate Kiefer just because, then I can't help you.""The game is an unfinished, rushed piece of crap.""- I can't confirm or deny the first two points. I can't speak for how much of the above changes were Kojima's creative decisions or Konami's business decisions, either. What I can say is that Kojima is not one to leave an experience less than whole or give up on something. Just like every other game in the series that he directed (I've never played those that he didn't), this game has a satisfying conclusion that ties up the story presented nicely. Truth be told, the story in its entirety was just as emotionally charged and impactful to me as MGS4's was. It's also packed with a ton of extras and secrets that make replaying the game an absolute joy. Even better that the entire game is replayable within the same save file and with no restrictions on what you can do (aside from a few exceptions that some would argue ruin the game; I personally see the reasoning behind these and accept them).""Microtransactions suck.""- I disagree with this blanket statement. The model can work well if done correctly, and this game is an example where it's not done terribly. Its only use is to give the player a negligible advantage in the FOB multiplayer content and a decent advantage in the single-player campaign. FOB content only serves to enhance the single-player game anyway and is not a competitive standalone experience.""Quiet.""- There is a reason for every aspect of her design, both in-lore and from a designer's perspective. Dig those up for yourself and form your opinion with them in mind, instead of reacting to her appearance and behaviors and the outrage across the Internet about it. Personally, I love the character, and her part in the story was exceptional.""What did you dislike about this game, anyway? There has to be something.""- I felt that there were some missed opportunities for references and callbacks to previous games, and a few plot points could use some expanding. I also would have liked the freedom to replay any mission with any of the difficulty settings.  But all of these could easily be addressed with future additions to the game, paid or not. Even if those never come, I can definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes MGS, or to anyone who enjoys action games that give you freedom in the way you accomplish tasks. It excels as both."
,Recommended,287700,18503157,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Shro™,"Currently almost 80 hours into this game and I'm nowhere near finished, the level of detail and amount of things to do are insane, very pleased with my purchase."
76561198088286857,Not Recommended,287700,18511684,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,SO ICY,this games sucks a japeneses godzilla♥♥♥♥♥
76561198001418172,Recommended,287700,18527593,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Kosemartin,"Part 1 is a strong 9/10.Part 2, weak 4/10."
,Recommended,287700,18535879,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Big Boss,"Of course I recommend this game, but not for the reasons I've always recommended Metal Gear games. The trademark of the Metal Gear franchise has been a rich, sometimes-hard-to-follow, wonderful story while playing an incredibly fun game. And those two major strengths have always been well balanced. But not here.While the game is fun to play (and I mean REALLY FUN) and extremely optimized thanks to the amazing Fox Engine with incredibly well-though controls and a fantastic PC port (two things already amazingly done in Ground Zeroes -why fix what it is not broken?-), the story falls short, being (in my humble opinion the weakest of the Metal Gear franchise)Some missions feel repetitive, some have little to no impact in the game story whatsoever, and there's way too many replay missions taking up space of what should be more story missions (I'm talking to you Chapter 2). Even after all that, you feel like the game is missing a Chapter 3.But, even with all its flaws, this game is absolutely amazing. Gameplay-wise it takes the best from the Metal Gear games (CQC, Fulton Recovery Device, Mother Base, and so on) and adds new features that make the experience even better  (buddies, free roam, vehicles, day/night cycle, and more).So, yeah. Of course I recommend this game."
,Recommended,287700,18536924,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,WillyDiddler,"While it is lacking the feeling that is present in all other Metal Gear Solid titles, MGS V is still a great game, though it is a little bit too easy. MGS V also feels much more gameplay centered, unlike other games of the series. It still does a good job of telling the story that it is trying to tell just with less detail and less cutscenes. All in all Metal Gear Solid V: TPP is a great game and easily a 8.5/10 (The game probably would have been perfect if it didn't have a lot of it's content cut.)"
76561198038902684,Not Recommended,287700,18562623,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,HurricaneDeetka,Great gameplay - Biggest dissapointment in a story of all time... #♥♥♥♥onami
76561198021960684,Recommended,287700,18565524,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ratboy,good stuff
76561198142399808,Recommended,287700,18575993,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Comrade Blyatman,I have come to realize how much I like 80's music after playing this game.*****Bonus note*****fully upgraded stun arm rains lightning on your foes and you can rocket punch anything.9.5/10 Chapter 3 magically disappeared from development.
,Recommended,287700,18578165,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,mudderwhetaf,"Ok. So I first picked up this game as I had played MGS 3 at my friend's house (Which was awesome as hell). That game is what I consider to be the best Metal Gear in the series. The story, gameplay and boss battles were awesome.So in this game, you too play as Big Boss, Solid, Liquid, and Solidus' father. Basically its about revenge against the guy who made Mother Base go boom in the Ground Zeroes.What I like about this game is the gameplay. This can be considered the best stealth game ever, of all time. The game is so stealth based that even the weather and time affects your stealth ability. Also, you get to customise your weapons and bring them into battle. The buddy system is a meh, but if you like having some support then bring one along.BUT thats where the good part ends.The story just, too be honest, feels a bit wrong. Prologue and Chapter 1 were awesome. But chapter 2 was a bit of story and repeat of the missions from chapter 1, just with a few difficulty changes like Total Stealth and Extreme. I read recently that there was supposed to be a Chapter 3 which I wont spoil, but looks amazing.FOB missions are OK, not really my cup of tea thoughOverall, I give this game a 7/10. If Konami had given Kojima a bit more time, maybe we could have gotten what could have been a Solid Game of the Year, but who knows?"
,Recommended,287700,18579085,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,F2P KING,First 10 hours or so sucked major dong.. After that it's been nothing but amazing :DDDDD Game still sucks though 8^) $_$ P^)
,Recommended,287700,18581014,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Malfious,"Great game, can feel repetitive but with so many different options available to do each mission it's never gets boringThe first chapter is good, the 2nd chapter is terrible.. the end was disappointing to say the leastThouroughly recommend this if you're in to stealth games like Deus Ex, I rarely used lethal takedowns so I can't really say for that side of the game.Fulton EVERYONE all the time because why not, crappier soldiers get replaced by better ones should you reach the cap - and you can lock the ones with useful skills if need be.. or just re-do the missions/side missions if you lost them as I did many times.Upgrade system & missions you send your soldiers on became annoying by the end as they don't count down unless you're in game and not paused"
76561198158434625,Recommended,287700,18621073,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Greenhuman,this time. i played 186 hours single missions of this game. now i want to play some more :)
,Recommended,287700,18652017,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,NinjaRising,"The masterful gameplay of Kojima adapted for the open world genre. The kind of gameplay only 20+ years of game development experience can bring. The game may be incomplete but that doesn't take away the fact that this was one of the best games I've ever played in my life. That just makes you think what kind of masterpiece Kojima could've made if he had better time/money management skills.  If you're into stealth and open world games, you'll have absolutely zero regret buying this."
,Recommended,287700,18653986,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,alsats (Aldorn),masterpiece as with the rest of the series. loving it.
,Recommended,287700,18656622,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,\√ í L L P G,"Recomended... BUT MGS FANS BEWARE/fanboyish rant incoming in 3.2.1/As a story driven game, its shamefully incomplete. Just a sad casualty to the whole Kojima/Konami debacle.But even without that.AS AN MGS GAME!!: its ridiculously easy and unrewarding. Silently Tranq Sniper -> Fulton everyone ""OMG 100% STEALTH S RANK GREAT JOB YOUR BIG BOSS""No real difficulty settings to chose from aside from a handful of missions you get to redo, in a blatant attempt at filling an empty 2nd chapter.-RIP E.Extreme Runs-Only 1 or 2 proper boss fights.-Fail and Retry (from checkpoint) a mission 15 times? still get S-Ranks cause no kills/no alerts.EVEN the ""subsistence mode"" missions (which there are at most 3 of), allow the almighty Fulton device, taking away any added difficulty the mode might have created.Every mission has one of 3 objectives:-RESCUE THIS TARGET(s). FULTON THEM... or wait maaaybe they're old or injured and then you must  bring em to a helicopter landing zone-ASSASSINATE THIS TARGET(s). but obviously if you're going for non-lethal you have to.... fulton them/hell of an organization that just extracts whoever they're hired to kill but hey-OBTAIN THIS ITEM/INTEL. FULTON IT IF YOU CAN!!!Luckily there are SIDE OPS to varry this cycle.those include:-EXTRACT THE PRISONERS via Fulton-TAKE OUT THE HEAVY INFANTRY (but lets be honest you want to fill in that MB, so FULTON THEM)-TAKE OUT THE ARMORED VEHICLES (definetly gona need those for some Dispatch OPs, so... FULTON)-RESCUE THE WANDERING SOLDIER (F. U. L. T. O. N.)ELIMINATE THE WANDERING PUPPETS..... just call in a bombardment, cause f*ck those guys.Anyways i won't get into the story aspects in depths but theres alot there lacking aswell (other than the obvious Entire Other Chapter). One major flaw is simply the character development of certain fan favourites, aswell as new charactersSkull Face, Ocelot, Mantis, Big Boss himself truely don't get the in-depths treatment past games offered in terms of story and backstory. (this is very likely due to its incompleteness, but not ENTIRELY)Its a sad day when an MGS game dissapoints on the story aspect. BLooking on the brightside we may get the rest in Pachinko Machines soon :D :D/////if you've made it this far, contrary to what it seems, i do not hate this game, it still has signs of the brilliance that has made this my favourite franchise ever, and theres plenty out there to do and have fun with.But sadly Phantom Pain is exactly what i'm left feeling after finishing it."
,Recommended,287700,18658819,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Sky Night,"This game was exceptionally amazing, I have been a MGS fan and play every cannon game out there,I even bought a PSPto play Peace Walker. And this tops every MGS game except MGS3.Altho Chapter 2 was rushed and pushed quickly and there where hidden endings and so on and the given ending was♥♥♥♥♥♥and didn't have closure... I still recommend this game, go buy it NOW!"
,Recommended,287700,18660788,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Turtle Bucket,Stealthily kidnapped donkeys with wormholes. 10/10.
76561198085128667,Recommended,287700,18663450,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Triforcers,"This game is great, easily best game of the year, reccomend to new and old fans of Metal Gear. One of my only pet peeves is there is no third chapter, known only as ""Peace"" and some things aren't explained. Other than that this game is a ""Solid"" 9/10"
76561197961368845,Recommended,287700,18664642,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,HoneyMeloTea,"Although this game doesnt feel like other metal gear games where as the game focuses a lot of storyline only.  It was interesting then they decided to make the game more of open world.  You're able to go back to the mission that you didnt do so well or going back to collect more items and such.  But because this game is more of a open world type of game, youll experience a lot of annoying bugs such as unable to climb over a little pebble and constantly slipping on flat rocks as youre trying to make your escape.  This happens so often it gets really really annoying.  youll also spend a huge chunk of time on the traveling around and waiting for your ride.   This takes away a lot of fun and action out of the game."
,Recommended,287700,18669503,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Starless,"Gameplay is awesome. Story... Not so much. But it's forgivable given the Konami/Kojima drama that surrounds this release. The Online FOB missions adds a nice depth to the game and some great replay value, although there are minor bugs and cheaters. Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who likes the Metal Gear series, and fans of competitive online play. If you played MGS4 and MGO2, then you'll know how awesome and hype MGO3 will be. I'm sure that when it's released in January, they will have balanced the online play a lot by then, and it will be worth the wait. I have yet to play MGO3, but I would spend $60 just for MGO3."
,Recommended,287700,18686153,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Blob Peterson,"""The Fulton surface-to-air recovery system (STARS) is a system used by the CIA, United States Air Force and United States Navy for retrieving persons on the ground using aircraft such as the MC-130E Combat Talon I. This system was developed by inventor Robert Edison Fulton, Jr., for the Central Intelligence Agency in the early 1950s""Robert Edison Fulton, Jr. < This Mother ♥♥♥♥er"
,Recommended,287700,18688169,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Stickman,"It's a game I would recommend to everyone.Although it's full of plot holes... Where the story you play through the game has an end, there are many stories left un-told which we REALLY want to play through, but I don't resent the fact that I can't, because I really enjoyed every part of the game!The negative reviews: 150 (or so) hours play time hypocrites... You can't say it's a bad game and play so much of it.Because it's not a bad game, it's just not the story you were expecting."
76561198144222871,Recommended,287700,18688896,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Cepa Fortis,"Play as Jack Bauer putting balloons on sheep.A lovely game, a bit repetitive, but with endless variety on how to tackle your objectives. Have fun, be creative. Although - as a fanboy - I was left with an enormous want upon completion, it was still an enjoyable ride. If you enjoy stealth games, I (an anonymous guy on the internet) will heartily recommend it."
,Recommended,287700,18700662,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Cody,awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
76561198085600887,Recommended,287700,18705180,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,FusionSuit,"The gameplay is polished, you can give it thatBut the story is kinda meh"
,Recommended,287700,18584083,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,herm,♥♥♥♥♥cuz da story dident hav anouff cutseens
,Recommended,287700,18589332,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Raindear,"Possibly the best Metal Gear title available on Steam.It does suffer from a few minor issues due to pressure from the publisher, but even so, completing this 100% is a nice challenge and lots of fun."
76561198086742139,Not Recommended,287700,18596015,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,lean305,"Its a disapointment, too dam repetitive. Nothing alike the other games, its just boring."
,Recommended,287700,18603618,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Fablub,"Yes but NoThe first chapter of the game is great, it had everything you could wish for: A private militia that you can send on missions and expand through fulton extracting enemy soldiers and prisoners, your Mother Base which you can expand through collected resources, a broad variety of weapons -which you can enhance through your development team- that allows you to engage the enemy as you wish. The game does not punish you for playing your playstyle; you can go rampage with a rocket launcher if you want or use a heavy machine gun to reach your goals, if you need you can call in helicopter support or a bombardmend (although the game rewards you if you do things stealthy).The story development is pretty solid, the maps and outposts well designed and nothing to complain about enemy AI, character development was okay. The boss fights were not really hard but that was not a major concern for me. I also liked stealing the music taped from the Soviets so I could listen to them in my Aerial Command Center, the choice of music was great. I have to add that I havenot encountered a single significant bug or glitchin my entire playthrough.HOWEVER: It confuses me that this is supposed to be the last MGS game. The story is plain unfinished. The second chapter of the game is mainly just recycled missions (in a harder difficulty) á la Ubisoft. I will not talk about the story furthermore to avoid spoilers.About the microtransactions: As it was announced at the E3 the microtransactions are not affecting the game anyhow if you wish to play without. You could at most buy new Forward Operating Bases if you want but you really won't need them. You also cannot speed up weapon development which leaves the question why I have to wait 1.2 hours just to improve my assault rifle. Also later updates somehow made large parts of my resources and extracted vehicles go into my online storage (vehicles and resources stored there cannot be sold). Only little research revealed that Konami wanted to make players stay in online mode so they would spend real money on their FOB insurance.Something else I would have liked is multiple saves but I guess that would interfere with Konami's online exploitation :/I do not have anything to say about FOB infiltrations as I avoided them and never got infiltrated.My big problem is that Konami fired Kojima for spending too much on this game, personally I will not buy any MGS game anymore without Kojima leading the entire production.Yet I still recommend this game for the first chapter."
76561198039230765,Recommended,287700,18649885,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,RatKing (King of the Rats),We'll make dimonds from their assess.
,Recommended,287700,18655181,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,MyNamesFuRii,"Gameplay is great and addicting. Even on repetitive missions is still a great time because of the amount of ways you can approach them. However some missions in chapter 2 have these extrememly heavliy armoured shotgunners which can be a huge Phantom Pain in the a**.Hurhur jokes 4 days.Visuals are great.50 Hours in, 38% game completion. So judging by these numbers, the number of hours will overtake those of my dollars spent on this game and that makes the game worth its asking price to me. But. There is some cut content such as chapter 3 and I believe another ending is missing as well. But I think the game is really enjoyable so far and I look forward to completing 100%."
76561198012868879,Not Recommended,287700,18662914,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Prolific,"i love this game!BUT!ALL THE HACKERS MAKE THE ONLINE PART DOG S@#Tif they dont do anything aboout the hackers this game its♥♥♥♥♥♥and as MGO is based on this aspect, all CHEATS will be alowed to play.... so if you like being done over by 14 year olds who spend there poket money on hacks.... wll you will love this game... if you dont cheat and dont like being cheated.... you probably wont like this game...... shame......"
,Recommended,287700,18664717,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Slam the Pam,10/10 would big boss again
76561198008923427,Recommended,287700,18668427,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,katen kyokotsu,"Stealth masterpiece. Open world gameplay is immersive and immensely enjoyable. Story is great. Graphics are excellent and optimized efficiently so you don't need a super computer to play it. I loved the 80s music cassette tapes. Big Boss is a total badass.Konami/Kojima have outdone themselves with this game. Without question, MGS5 is a must-have for any Metal Gear Solid fan."
,Not Recommended,287700,18682325,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Fyroan,"gameplay is great and thats about itopen world is empty and worse than that feels emptystory is half a**ed, especially for a metal gear gamekonami sucks as usual"
76561198058573774,Recommended,287700,18686543,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ragnnar,"MGSV is, hand-down, the best Stealth Action game every made. The gameplay is phenomenal and offers challenge and a variety of playstyles. The story element is the where the game has it's flaws. The game was clearly rushed towards the end of development and the ending comes quite abruptly with no build-up. The cutscenes and voice acting are mostly well-done and the story is standard Metal-Gear Maddness. However, the ridiculous gameplay makes up for any disappointment in the story department. I highly recommend this game."
76561198001933964,Recommended,287700,18691360,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Battle Moose,ROCKET PUNCH.NUFF SAID.
,Recommended,287700,18692400,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,AzureKnight,"Was good, could of been better"
,Not Recommended,287700,18698328,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Godfather Ferrando,"Probably one of the biggest disapointments ever in gaming history...This game had the potential to become the #1 game ever.....*Spoilers*Yeah the game was unfinished, at least 1/3 of the story was cut."
76561198138500444,Recommended,287700,18698444,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,starscream,Perfect
,Recommended,287700,18707595,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Neegus,Konami played me like a fiddle
76561198024640770,Recommended,287700,18713397,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,NotXpertFRUDU,A Hideo Kojima game
,Not Recommended,287700,18727728,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Akaren 赤蓮,2 hour long prolouge full of nothing but cutscenes and hold one button to move forward and when I get close to finishing this♥♥♥♥♥♥fest of a boring movie tutorial? The game crashes. Yeah. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,287700,18728842,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Slova,Didnt like the game too much heres a list of things i think should be removed/that i dont like-Show controls for PC-remove all the cool weapons that you cant use because of the weapons are not stealthy enough-Too much of the same missions it is just go in at a base and get some dude and get out again they just get a little harder-Didnt have that addicting thing to it-You need to be super stealth all the time (no run n gun missions)
,Not Recommended,287700,18743037,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,how do you sleep?,"A pathetic end to MGS series, clearly just doing what all the other AAA games are doing. Felt more like Herbologist Simulator 2015."
,Recommended,287700,18515182,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,soverign92,I am really impressed with this game. I got over 50 hours in and am only at 35% completion. Worth the money. Now for the downsides. The controls are a tad confusing at first. They designed this for the console and basicly did a poor job at porting it over. Will not support the resolutions for eyefinity but aside from that it is a great game or id not have so much time invested in it.
76561197974361566,Recommended,287700,18538239,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Minion,Best Game Ever
,Recommended,287700,18541668,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,KOLKOL,Fantastic game..Best game of MGS series..Recommended for all and espicially MGS fan.
,Recommended,287700,18542799,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,RaidenHides,"This game is my Game Of The Year. It is hands down one of the best stealth games ever made. Being a great game as it is, it does have its cons and its mostly story-wise.Gameplay wise, its one of the best stealth games EVER. They kept the classic stealth tactics like hiding in cardboard boxes and stuff but they also added a variety of new ways for you to stealth your way thru enemy bases.*SPOILERS AHEAD*Many people who gave this a negative review mostly ♥♥♥♥♥ed about how the story is incomplete and that there should be a Chapter 3: Kingdom Of The Flies and the ending of the game.In my strongest opinion, I don't think this should be a factor to say ""No, you should not buy the game"". True, the stroy is incomplete and is a bit disappointing, but what about the gameplay? IT IS OUT OF THIS WORLD!Don't let the incomplete story stop you from buying it. I give this game a 10/10 in terms of gameplay, 8/10 for story (not bothering about chapter 3)LASTLY BUY IT BECAUSEITSA Hideo Kojima Game"
,Recommended,287700,18543388,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,CrushedAce490,best game of 2015 in my opinion :)
,Recommended,287700,18577376,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Amestopleeze,"This game is just fun.  Does the story make sense?  No.  Does the pacing blow?  Yes.  Is sneaking up on a guy, choking him out, throwing him in a jeep, then having the jeep fultoned out of a hot zone while a helicopter blasting Aha's ""Take on Me"" while killing goons sound as fun as I described?  Yes.this game also runs like a dream.  it's beautfiul and keeps it frame rate up at all times.  Kudos to Kojima's team for this polished super good time waster!"
76561198121584436,Recommended,287700,18579540,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,teg07c,Game is good so far. Haven't played a MGS game in like 15 years so I may just be enjoying it as a game and not a metal gear game.Game looks nice. Only minor problems like Mouse buttons 3 and 4 being unassignable and microtransactions. Side missions are lacking a bit (when compared with witcher 3) but to me it plays kind of like Mad Max but with more enemies to kill. Ability to handle missions in whatever manner you desire is really appreciated as I hated that aspect in Shadow of Mordor.
,Recommended,287700,18582696,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,V.4.7,"As a long term fan of metal gear solid who played snake eater and peacewalker, i have to say this game is a failure. Before a long a review below, i would like you to ask yourself what is the most fundamental aspects of the successful AAA game.I bet you answered story, gameplay, or graphic. MGSV while being a huge game with enormous budget, still can't do these things right.STORY (4/10)While some of you are the newcomers to MGS, the majority of MGS hardcore fans probably would be disappointed with the game. Story is by far the weakest aspect of this game.You got protagonist that rarely speak at all and rely heavily on face expression, making player wondering what message they convey at those scenes.There is no fascinating story in this MGSV, only a plot twist with no conclusion at all. Sometimes it amazes me how the dev trying to wrap this franchise with story filled with uncertainty.GAMEPLAY (8/10)While story are the worst part of the game, the gameplay itself are quite amazing. This is the first MGS that offers a wide variety of tactical espionage. The game itself provide a lot of weapons and tools to support whatever playstyle you want. One of the drawback is the open world that feel so empty.Is it huge ? Yes, it's huge enough to made me feel intimidated at first, but as the time passes this open world will start to show its' flaw. Unlike Farcry 3 world which filled with constant random patrol, MGSV world filled with NObody unless you are on the outpost.Even the side-ops itself are repetitive. Most people spent 100s hours because they are trying to complete these repetitive side-ops, not because of the huge various content the game had.GRAPHIC (9/10)For the latest entry of MGS, phantom pain actually did quite a good job on this aspect. Fox engine photorealistic graphic are truly a masterpiece with little burden to people who had cheap graphic card. They also did a great job making each character face expression looks real.Verdict: 70/100MGSV was supposed to be the amazing latest entry for MGS series, instead it fall behind the previous series because it was trying to focus on everything at once....and ended up with empty open world, repetitive missions, and incomplete story.These aspects enough to made me think that the game itself is unfinished product, even if it's still fun to play with."
,Recommended,287700,18982262,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Crying Wolf,"I can't suggest this game enough.  It definitly has redefined the stealth genre with it's open world gameplay.  There is no finer Metal Gear game.  Even if you are not a fan of the metal gear solid, you should be a fan of this.  Overall I give it a 9/10.  Only missing a point becaue of the missing content at the end of the game.  As you progress past act one and get to the end game, you can definitely feel where Kojima and his team may have been rushed to finish the game."
76561198257955590,Recommended,287700,18984545,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Darcy273,AWESOME!!!! Been loving it since the part one!!!! Best game franchise ever!!!!
,Recommended,287700,18995183,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Jimmy,Bretty good but the story was♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287700,18995960,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,AsianJesus,"A candidate for the Game Of The Year Award.Sadly it's unfinished, there's no real endfight, Konami cancelled it because of money issues.This was the way of Kojima to say the franchise goodbye.Metal Gear, you will be missed"
76561198157228217,Recommended,287700,19002410,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,pestif,"This game is my new reference in term of smoothness of gameplay, those guys have put a lot of love in that aspect and even if it's not perfect, it really feel amazing.I can only find two negative point in that whole game, the first being the vehicle gameplay (yes I know I just tell the gameplay was amazing, this is the exception) which is sub-par for the most part (not including the horse which is fine, and the robot is acceptable) and the second is that, clearly, this game was meant to be even bigger than it is, everything suggest it, yet, even if it is a long game, you are left a bit waiting for the next thing, that fail to come.I haven't had as much fun playing a video game in years at least in the single player side of things, and for me, barring any enormous surprise in the next 40 days or so, this is the game of the year easy, and as much as I loved playing Witcher 3 (I know, totally different game, but the only game that come close anyway) this one is the clear king.I will not go into what I like about the game, since I liked everything but the two negative things I mentioned already. You can't go wrong with this game, it's a masterpiece, one of a kind, and I'm not even a metal gear serie fanboy, I just love good games, and this one deliver big time."
,Recommended,287700,19003732,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,masterbaguette,Snek? SNEK?! SNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!
76561198070447007,Recommended,287700,19015968,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Batman,Snake?SNAAKE!?!SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?Best gameplay ever made in a video game
,Recommended,287700,19024367,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,mcsquiggles,GIVE ME QUIET BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!LOVE THE GAME THO
76561198065897950,Recommended,287700,19025134,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,xcutionblade,"One of the best stealth games you will ever play, but not the greatest Metal Gear.ProsThe Gameplay ( the best stealth mechanics in the series)The Music ( great soundtrack with a bunch of classic 80's songs)The graphics ( hyper realistic graphics look great and Quiet gives you some good fap material)freedom ( you can tackle mission tasks in a number of different ways)voice actingThere is a Zoothe casset tapesConsthe Story (terrible pacing, with no climax)repetitive missionsScore: 9.5/10Amazing game, worth buying at full price."
76561198078415961,Recommended,287700,19025658,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,I.C. Weiner,You can kidnap people using glorified balloons and make them work for you. Throw your money at this game.
,Recommended,287700,19034544,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,[Bob] Gold,A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME
76561198028835943,Recommended,287700,19038795,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Kelpo,Chased a tank through a desert on horseback. 10/10 would be Indiana Jones again.
,Recommended,287700,19041201,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Park-Chan Wook,Literally the Best thing ever
76561198197292933,Not Recommended,287700,19044229,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Feather Rain,"Speaking in the nice way is more difficult and have more fun, speaking in the true way is lazy design.That guy just rush the game and quit the company. (unfinish game)Just take the whole game from the XBOX (Playing with controller is good but playing with keyboard and mouse is killing yourself).Suck control (Even you change the keys you still feel strange).Missing a lot of information on the playing screen (you only can see your gun and bullet, no mini map).Mouse can't pick anything on main menu only using up and down (Do you know PC game have mouse?).View is suck, too.Pay $60 and buy a unfinish game with repeating quests.Play less 2 hours and think about that: Do you serious like the game? $60 is the good price for this game?"
76561198025193667,Recommended,287700,19064189,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Mandelorean1988,Seen the entire game on youtube before i purchased.. and still not disappointed. Every mission is totally better then watching.
,Recommended,287700,19065743,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Seraph,"Another excellent entry in the Metal Gear series. I'd probably say this one is my favorite with MGS3 a close second. The game interestingly enough gives you the freedom to tackle situations as you wish. It's very light on story, so those used to the normal hours and hours of dialogue may be a bit thrown off here.The ending is a bit lackluster, but I think that has more to do with Kojima being fired half way through development. Great gunplay, amazing stealth mechanics, basebuilding and weapon modding. I generally played the previous Metal Gear games on European Extreme so I was a bit disappointed to see that there are no difficulty settings. It's a bit on the easy side.All in all, an excellent game though."
,Not Recommended,287700,19088846,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,KingBroly,"This game has excellent controls, and the areas where stealth is employed are excellent.  I question the need to make it open world, however.  Everything inbetween is filler, and relies heavily on timers and getting enough GMP and quality soldiers to upgrade weapons.  As a Metal Gear game it fails to deliver a proper, satisfying conclusion that was promised.  On top of all that, the online FOB implementation is intrusive, frustrating and has gotten more tiring and intrusive as the game gets farther from its' initial release.  I'd dare say that this game is worse now than it was at launch, and unfortunately Konami has shown no signs of stopping."
,Recommended,287700,19092387,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,~Spillemartin,Great Sandbox-Stealth game.Mediocre Metal Gear game.
,Recommended,287700,19099201,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,fuckurpussyrocket,can i have metal gear online pls now
,Recommended,287700,19104446,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Wonderlust King,StealthMechsKept you waiting huh?GEARSSSSSSSGood♥♥♥♥♥♥comes in the form of cassette tapes AND I ♥♥♥♥ING LIKE ITBoxesManeaterFiddles
,Recommended,287700,18372314,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,The Chef,"This game is amazing all the way around, and sure it does still have its slight flaws but those are easily overlooked. The graphics are amazing, the open world of it is amazing, the story and soundtrack is amazing. Satan rates it eleven out of ten stars."
,Recommended,287700,18372364,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,darrynhugs,"I've loved this game so far. Like REALLY loved it!The gameplay is incredible there's a million ways to do everything and its fantastic.Admittedly would have loved some more interesting boss fights like MGS3 but hey.Not like I'm lacking things to do in this game!If you're new to the series I dont think this would be a bad place to start. I'd warn you that the rest of the series BUILDS to this game so starting here might make the previous games seem a little lackluster gameplay wise.A little bummed about the cut content but hey, I'll make up my mind by the time I %100 all the content that IS in the game XDAlso MG Online is released for PC in January? Thats just bogus.But all in all, Hell Yeah buy this game."
,Recommended,287700,18376411,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Primal Ruby,"One of the better Metal Gear games due to the open world environment, plus the whole fact you can do almost anything"
,Recommended,287700,18377190,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Johnson,"Whether or not you think the story is complete, you get a 40-120 hour 10/10 game with perfect stealth mechanics and some fun micromanagement and custimization for $60. The game is good, I wish there were more story obviously but it's still a 9/10 game, and I would definitely say it's the best game of 2015. Buy it if you liked Hitman, buy it if you like Metal Gear Solid, if you don't like either, your taste is too garbage for you to enjoy it anyway."
,Not Recommended,287700,18381809,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Hamagottry,A HIDEO MICROTRANSACTION KOJIMA PRODUCTION
76561198090036933,Not Recommended,287700,18410024,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Swordog,"This game used to be fun but now Konami forces even more of their multiplayer elements on you neccessitating microtransactions. Want that level 7 weapon well, you gotta build an fob. What's that, your guys got stolen from fob? Well buy insurance with real money. Want the tuxedo that has been in every mgs game? You gotta buy the dlc."
76561198073430574,Recommended,287700,18423949,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,mrmanguy1,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198144177018,Not Recommended,287700,18463248,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Farfull,Damn do I miss the codec rants...
,Recommended,287700,18465972,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,The Nameless One,I...Can't....Stop...Playing....IT!
76561198042816033,Not Recommended,287700,18505331,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dr. Feelgood,"By far the worst Metal Gear in the entire series. Men did not become demons, the circle was not closed. There are more cutscenes in the trailers than there are in-game, the marketing for this game was a pile of lies stacked as high as Peace Walker. Don't bother. Unless it's less than half price, don't think about lightening your wallet for it. There's no story, the characters are bland, cold and uninteresting, the environments are bleak and unwelcoming, there are little to no cutscenes, no exposition, no reason to keep playing. Everything is waiting mechanics, paywalls and tedious grinding and what little payoff there is in the ""plot"" which is literally a series of rehashed missions on harder difficulties is simply not worth your time, money or fandom. I have never been more disappointed in the conclusion of a series in my life, it is horrible to see Snake finish like this; on a boring grindfest you're asked to pay microtransactions for.The mechanics in this game are something I'd expect from a mobile game or a Facebook game, I'm being dead serious. Did Hideo Kojima actually have anything to do with this monstrosity? Because I can't fathom that the same guy who built a wonderful series of games, a legend of gaming, would see it end like this; microtransactions, paywalls, waiting, grinding and empty environments.Don't bother, seriously. Unless you enjoy frustration. So disappointing."
76561198040825595,Recommended,287700,19431261,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tanden117,"Soooo many options!  Great game, especially if you are a MG and MGS fan."
,Recommended,287700,19470496,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Cubical Wings,"This might just be the best game that I have ever played, I have over 200 hours in this game and I still have stuff to do.The gameplay is the best part of this game.The movements feel great, the shooting seems realistic, and when I fail I never blame the game for being ""unbalanced or broken"". Every aspect of the gameplay has been polished and perfected. I really love how the buddy system works. Whenever I need a base scouted, quiet was there. When I needed someone to mark the enemies close by that I forgot to mark, D Dog was there. When I needed♥♥♥♥♥♥to blow up, I called D Walker. When I needed to get across the map and fast, I called a car....but D Horse was there aswell. All buddies have abilities that help in different ways, making each buddy unique.The big issue that I have with the game currently, is the Story. Being new to the metal gear franchise, I expected a game with great cutscenes, and a good story. while we did get some very good cutscenes, the story was kind of disapointing. The ending was kind of just thrown in our faces without warning.Don't get me wrong, the story may be a big downfall to this game, but the gameplay makes up for it in everyway. If you want a game that makes you feel like ""The Greatest Soldier that Ever Lived"". Then Metal Gear Solid V is the game for you."
76561198018992732,Recommended,287700,19470840,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,we fuckin lose again,Could have been the GOTY but Konam♥♥♥♥♥ had cold feet...For  Fans mostly... ♥♥♥♥ You Konami for trashing THE 2015 GOTY...100/100 20/20 10/10Again ♥♥♥♥ YOU KONAMI
,Recommended,287700,19472759,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Doreiku Sama,Game of the year?
,Recommended,287700,19490030,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,SkullCrusher23,did u rike it?
76561198062004846,Recommended,287700,19503994,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BLACK WIDOW,"the game is fun and all that, but WTF is with tha save system !!! it is the most fked up saving system i have seen, which makes me repel from this game, after doing a mission as silently as possible, spending around 1 hr doing it i abort at the end of the mission by mistake and after that i cant return to a save game during a mission , and now i have to do the same mission all over again, well♥♥♥♥♥u dr emmerich and fk this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ save system....................................but still the game is fun as fk , for the first time in my life i feel that planning and observing the base befor infiltration is actully helpful, finding the easy routs may be waiting for mother nature to help u with a sand storm or a mist ,story wise , although i havnt played the hall game yet but if kojima wrote then am sure its good , yes i am buyest but he made like a hall series and non of them had a particularly bad story, so yup as i was saying♥♥♥♥♥THIS SAVE SYSTEM!,"
76561197971548791,Recommended,287700,19525658,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nabs,Best spy game i ever played.
76561198039274634,Recommended,287700,19533158,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,The Creepy Morty,cant wait for the online!
,Recommended,287700,19558682,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Andrack,"This is my GOTY of 2015. Its maybe the best stealth game ever made, and the only open world game I've played to completion and wanted more afterwards. It took me ~120 hours to complete everything I wanted to. I'd still love to play some more side missions, even if they are all the same few objectives over and over again. There are some big loose ends that will never be taken care of sadly, but at least the ending has a neat tie-in to the first Metal Gear game.Even so, this game is rad.The soundtrack is rad.Flying around Mother Base is rad (someone please buy me an oil rig).Custom Helicopter music is rad.Riding in Pequod (the helicopter) is rad.Blasting anime/gangsta-rap mashups while throwing little african boys into Pequod is rad.This game has it all.I also want to quell any concerns about the FOB system. FOBs are bases other players can invade to steal resources or troops. FOBs have changed a lot since launch so I'm not sure I fully understand the new rules. At launch, as long as you didn't invade anyone, no one could invade you. That is no longer the case but I've got some great news.FOBs are VERY easy to defend. Before I did the Invasion tutorial in which you invade your own base, I equipped my guys as well as I could. I think I had tier 3-4 equipment at the time. Be sure to take the Green equipment upgrades every now and then, they're for your troops. Getting through my base when all of my troops had ceramic armor, automatic shotguns, and riot shields was impossible. And it has continued to be impossible for everyone else. By the end of the game, I had all of the basic security upgrades and tier 5 close-range equipment for my troops and no one has gotten through. FOB invasions are stupid hard. Just invest as much as you can in FOB defense and you'll never have to worry about it.Metal Gear Online isn't out until sometime in January. Hopefully that's worth coming back for."
,Recommended,287700,19592671,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Fuck off dune coon,"Marinate the chicken: Combine the 2 teaspoons soy sauce, rice vinegar, and sesame oil in a small bowl. Add the sliced chicken, and toss to completely coat. Set aside while you cook the noodles.Cook the chow mein noodles according to package directions, drain well, and set aside.Heat half of the oil (1 tablespoon) in a very large skillet or wok. When is is very hot, but not smoking, add the chicken mixture, and stir fry until the chicken is cooked through. Remove the chicken to a plate, set aside and keep warm.Add the rest of the oil to the skillet, then add the cabbage, bok choy, water chestnuts and garlic; stir fry for a couple of minutes until the vegetables begin to wilt. Add the noodles, and continue to cook until the noodles are hot, and well combined with the vegetables.Add the soy sauce and oyster sauce, toss to combine. Add the chicken, toss to combine.Transfer the chow mein to a serving platter, and top with the chopped green onions. Serve immediately."
,Recommended,287700,19650257,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Joral,"This game is amazing, optimization is fantastic 10/10. beautiful and rich world,ad storyline. 10/10 game. if you don't already have this game go and buy it."
76561198025738896,Not Recommended,287700,19681954,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,sorin,Somewhat fun open world action seatlh.The guy handling the camera needs an industrial strength stabilizer.Get read to smash you keyboard in half everytime you start the game to skip all the crap.You need to play for about 2 hours before you can actually start the game.There's no quick save.weapon swap is done only for controllers. You need to do some really akward mouse dance instead of hitting one of your 101+ keys.Consclusion: somehwat fun game spoiled by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers.
,Recommended,287700,19685235,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,JiggyTurbo,"whats not to love? other than Keifer Sutherland, I mean he's okay but lets face it he's not snake Hayter isthere is less of a story than the other ones. It's focoused more on gameplay than the other ones which is good but not the same metal gear. But it is still my favorite game on my PC  and I think it will stay that way for quite some time.the game is great (Mostly DDog), has great visuals, open world, lots of love put into it, and DLC that I personally would say is so worth it.the budies are great the 80's licennced music is some of the best 80's songs there are exclding ""Too shy"" and ""Gloria."" The problems I have with this game are the re hashed missions with an extreme sticker slapped on them. we don't want that and if they did put that in they should've made it so it took place after the main story. but never the less it is a great game and I would highly recommend this game to metal gear fans and new fans alike (but I would try to play a few of the classic MGS games first if i was you)"
76561198043557261,Not Recommended,287700,19690898,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Drakolth,"So, i have never played a metal gear game apart from this one, my friends hyped me up for it and i ended up prepurchasing. The proposed product allowed for unlimited ways to take your objective, that is not the case, thats like saying any game with free movement and different weapons is a amazing game, and sadly in my opinion, this game is not. Having options is always nice, but killing a guy is killing a guy none-the-less, it doesnt matter that you blew him up, sniped him, and knocked him out and extracted him if the whole game is just doing that to every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in your way, suffice to say it did not live up to the hype for me, and i honestly felt it was the biggest waste of money on a game i have ever spent, exept possibly fallout 4"
,Recommended,287700,19691416,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,A4 twitch.tv/a4_y0shi,"As someone who began playing this series at the beginning of the year in anticipation to see what could possibly the final chapter of the Metal Gear Saga. The story is there for those who look for it but beyond that, this is one of the best playing games of all time, the control over stealth, the feedback on headshots, and much much more.Metal Gear Solid V is a game I can pick up and start abducting soldiers at any point in my day. I love this game, I wish there would be more but I am satisfied with what I received."
76561198088137298,Recommended,287700,19704182,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,yaboiburn420,great game 10/10
76561198122742945,Not Recommended,287700,19719721,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Lord Malice,"Got to be said!, didnt last long.great idea, decent if not infuriating story that just trys to twist and turn like a..a....oh..wounded snake.needed more unique ideas and a hell of a lot more original story and not be so caught up on the past.too many problems going online with this game such as no multiplayer, however there is a realy horrid system for people to steal all your hard earnd resorces while you sleep. NICE!needs way more propper DLC not just horse armour or a fancy coat, have we learnd nothing?.this is a fun game for a time but will get boring realy fast.for me this game is a 6/10 and that makes it hard for me to recommend to a friend."
,Recommended,287700,19735870,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,BadNetCode,"KIDNAP EVERYONESTEAL EVERYTHINGI recommend.Gameplay is really different from other MGS games. This game is much, much easier, especially once you've researched a lot of the weapons and equipment. UNLESS, you enjoy replaying to ""S rank"" difficult missions and complete side objectives, then this won't be a huge issue for you.Late game is very repetitive, but comfy."
,Not Recommended,287700,19741745,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Totalwarfan2000,"The gameplay was nothing short of surgical...very, very fun when you got right down to it.  Metal Gear + open world makes for a great idea.Konami's practices, however, are unforgivable.  I could not enjoy single player (the only mode I was interested in to begin with) while knowing that the great majority of my hard earned money and resources were essentially being held hostage.  Knowing that my stuff can be taken by online strangers is not a good experience for me, and it is an obvious ploy to get people to pay for micro-transactions.  All of these changes, of course, were made after the major reviews.This is also the first Metal Gear game in which I actually didn't care about the story.  These games have always been over the top, but that isn't the problem...I just don't feel immersed in the events.  The final nail in the coffin was the fact that ""Chapter 2"" was simply a series of rehashed missions from Chapter 1.This is the first game I've ever tried to return on Steam.  Great fun at first, but ultimately an unfinished game made by a very dishonest company."
,Recommended,287700,19741950,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DANDY SAVAGE,Very fun gameplay!Lots of toys to unlock and play with!Companions!Puppies!
,Recommended,287700,18859336,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Skav,"Revenge is a hollow quest. But the mark it will leave on you is unavoidable, and this game's tale has a special spot in my heart for it. I believe this game leaves a lot to interpretation, how you decide to view it is up to you, and I think that makes this Metal Gear unique. Putting the controversial story elements aside, this is the smoothest Metal Gear to actually play out of all of them. It easily has the best stealth gameplay, with a huge amount of missions to play and an online mode that is addictive and fun, and there are countless ways to complete any task - sometimes completely changing the way you complete a mission depending on what you decide to do. The production quality is through the roof, everything from photorealistic graphics to high fidelity sound, down to the smallest details in animations. I am still playing it just because it feels so smooth and completing all optional quests is just fun to play with the open-world elements and upgrade system. For these reasons I still strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,287700,18876018,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Jeff,"As a new-comer to the Metal Gear Solid franchise I can say this seems like a good point to start, Only knowing the very broad strokes of the games' stories (The difference between each snake, the time line etc) ensured I wasn't lost too much in the story.However this game lacks what I consider the two most important ""P""s in game development. Polish and Passion.While gorgeous looking alot of the world geometry proves difficult to navigate. Being repeatedly pushed back (while trying to climb a one foot high ledge or rock) with the animation of trying to climb a too steep incline and yet one step to the right, next to the rock or ledge we can climb with ease. Big Boss outright refusing to crawl over a pile of bricks or small half a foot high wall, the box flying off you if you trip down a ledge (sometimes leading to an alert) to then cover you as you land preventing a quick reaction. These would be a few example of the things that most often got me killed whilst fleeing or infiltrating and are as well an example of lack in polish.The save corrupting bug by bringing Quiet with you on certain missions on launch, (something so basic and severe should have been found in QA testing) the difficulty of controlling D-Walker, the pointlessness of D-horse and D-walker due to how much better D-Dog and Quiet are to bring with you. Most of the story being in cassette tapes rather than cutscenes or ""Codec Calls"" no doubt intended to be listened to whilst infiltrating however if you trigger reflex mode whilst listening to a tape the dialogue will be slowed down making it intelegible, and if you trigger an alert needless to say you won't be paying much attention to it, thus missing most of the story. So you end up listening to it in the helicopter all the time staring at nothing.The beginning of almost EVERY mission by dropping in by helicopter with credits as to who is in the mission including sometimes story spoilers, Pequod deciding to give you a tour of the place if you tell him to land in a high danger area as oposed to his direct method in a low danger area. The game having only one boss fight which is in itself not that climactic and even the ending being underwhelming, although touching.These are a few examples (without spoilers) as to the lack of passion and polish, it seems and feels as though they lost interest in the game they were making half way through, however the controls are solid, the enemies and mechanics concistant, I haven't encountered any serious problem with the game itself (other than the quirkiness of the box/geometry) the gameplay itself is enjoyable throughout the whole game and lends itself well to some absent minded grinding or side-ops while multi tasking.The game is overall enjoyable however with all the hype around it I expected something much much better, and I had what I considered low expectations because I assumed I'd be disapointed by not getting references. While it's good to play, apart from the helicopter part which I mean... Come on couldn't I just press A to get out of the loading screen and move right away instead of waiting another two minutes?... Other than that it's pleasant overall and even that didn't bother me much until I had beaten the game as Kazuhira gives you a bit of briefing during that time for actual missions.This is a good choice if like me you want a game to grab randomly after beating it once and just overall busy your hands with absent minded gameplay while watching something on another monitor or waiting for time to pass. However lower your expectations regarding story as it is very lack luster."
76561198064515504,Recommended,287700,18885388,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,YoBoiJesus,"This is the first MGS game i have played , and i could still get a hang on the story. The gameplay starts out really immersive, but ends to be very redundant. The game is very difficult which is good and bad. Some mission may take you 3 times to complete, which makes them boring, and you are forced to use stealth. Though it is a stealth game i would still like to try and finish the mission without having to restart. Graphics are very good, and very detailed. PS: if you end up killing everyone in a mission or get caught to where you cannot interrogate a guard or something, just give up and restart lol."
76561198217287448,Recommended,287700,18900493,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,DaRuZy,"This is the best game of 2015 in my opinion. What is there not to say about MGS:V TPP.It is a FANTASTIC stealth game, amazing graphics, and QUIET!!!I hope you love this game as I loved it.WARNING!!!!This game can game REALLY hard sometimes, if your new to MGS:V then play on EASY!Enjoy!"
,Recommended,287700,18914752,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Corgane mane,"Beautiful optimization and game mechanics. The graphics are an 8/10, but the storyline is repetitive and has pi*sed me off quite a bit do to their ""previous missions with a harder level"" bullsh*t. Kojima gave us an unfinnished game do to their delay of multiplayer. Its worth buying, but expect some bordom and disapointment once you have played it well enough to see its flaws. Overall I'll give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,287700,18945333,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Not-A-Cockroach,"My short reviewThis game is almost perfect, but IMO it's got 5 major cons:Once you've completed mission 45 you can't useQuietas a buddy anymore,cause she leaves, but you can use a(glitch)with the butterfly emblem before mission 41. It's sad, asQuietis a big part of the game and she's kinda useful in many missions and Side OPS.Absence of the 3rd chapter(The story itself is not finished)Farming resources for developing all basic MB platforms is the pain in the аrse.Release date of MGO for PC(check by yourself)AI ofD-Walkerbuddy when using the Intercept mode.I want to believe that Konami will fix at least 1 point in my list.My Rate: 8/10"
,Recommended,287700,18946470,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Queef Ledger,Play as Solid Snake in his quest to stop the Hamburglar from stealing the secret formula for McDonald Miller's hamburgers.
,Recommended,287700,18948857,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Earthquake God Lizard,You're extracting him?
76561198071818184,Recommended,287700,18959317,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,JR,"This game has received so much praise, and lots of hate.  The hate usually seems to come from the fact that the missions tend to get repetative after a while.  While that's true, in which open world game do missions NOT get repetative?  The answer is none.These missions, although sometimes repetative, offer you tons of choice.  The weapons, buddy, and vehicle you choose to do missions with alter how you will engage the enemy.  I don't know how to describe it, but even after unlocking many louder, bigger, more explosive weapons, I still like to play stealthy.The story isn't anything great.  I'm not a big fan of MGS lore, nor am I much on Japanese story telling in general.  But this game's story was tolerable.One mechanic that I love is the enemies in the world will respond to your play style.  If you make lots of headshots, they will start wearing helmets.  You can send you minions on missions to disrupt their supply chain of helmets but this ""respnose"" mechanic is great because it forces you to play differently and push your skills.I HATED the constant credits after missions, and seeing Kojima's name as a constant reminder that he made the game was just cheap and pathetic.  But, I eventually realized I could hit space bar during credits to quickly skip them.In short, if you like ANY form of stealth games, and you don't own this one, work overtime, borrow, or steal to scrape together the cash to buy this.It runs smoothly, with some hitching when the game autosaves, which can be annoying when driving something fast.  There are some WTF elements to the game like motherbase management.  But I see where Kojima was trying to convince the player that you are Big Boss."
76561198150392339,Recommended,287700,18962145,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,garp-90,"Most of the missions and Side-missions are the same sadly , it's either extract or eliminate .THE BEST GAMEPLAY FOR ANY GAME IN THE HISTORY OF GAMING !!!Big Boss is the Boss baby !Big Boss didn't have enough dialogue or enough talk .D-Dog is the best buddy :)Skull Face was a BIG Disappointment !!!He was killed by a nobody and without a fight .Disgrace !!!Sadly this game isn't complete because Konami rushed Kojima . We could've had a one combined Phantom Pain + Ground Zero + mission 51 ( and maybe even more missions ) in one Combined game .This is the last  MGS game directed by Kojima , won't be the same again .Good bye Kojima , thanks for the journey , thanks for the nostalgia , thanks for giving me a great childhood .Metal Gear Solid is my favorite game and franchise ever !!!!!!!!!The game still 10/10 ."
76561198128612611,Recommended,287700,19028059,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Bibly,"9.5/10This is honestly the best game of the year for me.Pros+Gripping Story+Best Stealth Game+Smart and a variety of A.I+Superb Voice Acting, and characters+Buttery Smooth 60fps+Not a click bait shooter.+Anyway of approaching the target.+Haven't played the other ones? Has nice cassette tapes for lore.+A challenging shooter+Realistic World+NO Technical errors+Mix of Snake Eater and Patriot combat.+Mother BaseCons-Boring villain-Chapter two is a bit rushed-Konami being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and not releasing mission 51.Buy this game full price."
,Recommended,287700,19046223,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,yung crystal pepsi,"A massive, albeit empty-feeling open world is supplemented by one of the weakest plots of the series with an equally unsatisfying ending that just isn't conclusive enough. Some of this can be chalked up to the drama between Kojima and Konami, but as it stands, MGSV is far from perfect. It's a shame that the cut content will most likely never be added into the game, because this is the swan song for Metal Gear Solid. This was supposed to bring everything together and complete the series timeline, but it just doesn't feel like it.In spite of all that, the actual game underneath is fantastic. As I mentioned before, the open world feels empty and unsatisfying compared to games like GTA, and those repetitive side ops don't make matters better either, but the core gameplay is the tightest, most open and most refined in the entire series. The modernized shooting controls combined with the more open-ended and nonlinear mission structure give the game a Splinter Cell meets Hitman vibe, but it still retains the interactive guard AI and crazy tools that the MGS series has been known for. There's a thick layer of customization and creativity here, and while it isn't all perfect, it's still a great time. It's not a perfect tenner, and from a story standpoint, it ends with a whimper rather than a bang, but as a game, The Phantom Pain is absolutely superb."
76561197997000451,Recommended,287700,19049070,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Tarte au citron meringuée,I played this game for 150h
,Recommended,287700,19073034,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ELECTRIC NUTBUSTER,"A great game by all accounts, this game welcomes new players as well as returning ones. This game has raised the bar in terms of gun mechanics, open world, stealth, and base management, buddy / companion system, and more. While it does have it's faults, they're nothing compared to the main gameplay and how good it feels. Bottom line, It's reallyreallygood and if shooting or stealth interest you, go for it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,287700,19082249,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Deja Vu,"Oh no, not meWe never lost controlYou're face to faceWith the man who sold the world"
76561198068316894,Recommended,287700,19115791,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Brosef-joseph,Is good you shoot da ting with the ting and you got the eyepatch and reverting has an eyepatch which is Bueno for the soul and yee
76561197993053075,Recommended,287700,19124296,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,schweiza,"Overall, I thought this game was above average. It is worth the the money, but wasnt quite the outstanding game it was touted as being.Here are a few random points that surface when I think of this game:1. I have put quite a few hours into this game and it does feel a little too drawn out. I tend to stay with the main episodes, minimizing the side missions and anything that doenst contribute to the main story line. I'm not the kind of player that is enticed by accolades or other hidden aspects of the game. Even considering this, the core element (the espionage and infiltration) wasnt interesting enough to me to keep my going for very long, although it was implemented very well.2. Additionally, the story seemed a little weak. With the whole ""episode"" theme, I was hoping for something more cinematic, not a bunch of voice recordings; The tapes, while defintiely 1980s vintage, are not the best way to tell a story, in my opinion. they are a great way for additional content, for those that have some patience, but not a very good way of mentioning some of the main plot points.3. The graphics were amazing. The enviornemnts felt alive and the shadows, while leveraged as a gameplay device, also accentuated some of the beautiful textures. The game was beautiful; no gripes here.4. I was very disappointed with the ranking system in the game (the penalities, more specifically). While MGSV does allow you to ""go nuts"" on the side missions, I didnt enjoy the feeling of being policed, while playing the main episodes. I do realize this is a stelath game, first and foremost, but I feel a little teased by all the cools items and abilities in the game.For isntance: There are a lot of cool support abilities, with the chopper. Also, there are a lot of cool explosive weopons, as well as stealth camoflauge. Most of these items explicitly penalize you for using them.Without delving into too much detail, I feel that the game could have done a better job of balancing these items, and not penalizing you for using them. As an example: It woudl be better to encourage stealth by making bullets do more damage. In other words, I feel there are more natural ways to sway players into playing a certain way. I didnt like the penalties. I dont think anyone likes to be overtly penalized. Penalities are just not fun.5. I did grow a little tired of wading through the same outposts and bases time and time again. While I admire the designers ability to reuse and recycle content, I personally felt a little bored with the same scenery. I felt there was a lot more scenery in the early MGS games.6. I feel this game was trying to be too much. I personally did not like the FOB concept and did not have any interest in recruiting and managing a mother base. I also didnt care too much about researching and unlocking new weopons. I wanted to play a stealth/combat game.In my mind, the best games have a simple, core concept and do an excellent job of carrying it out. Games which detract from the main plot or throw in unrelated content are somewhat of a turnoff for me. An outstanding game shouldn't need mechanics that allow you to take a break from the main gameplay. Personally, if I'm tired of gameplay, I take a break and play something else, or step away from the computer.7. The stealh/combat mechanic in this game was phenomenal. I did enjoy throwing smoke grenades and turning on my IR goggles, tranquilziing/killing most of the base. I also enjoyed hitting objects with the tranq gun, to distract nearby soldiers. Without saying too much, there are plenty of fun ways to infiltrate the base. I feel this game did an excellent job here.Summary:While I do have quite a few negative points in this review, the core mechanics of this game are exceptional. This was more than enough to overcome the cons of the game, as I have described them. Overal, the game was above average and keeps you entertained for a while."
,Recommended,287700,19129794,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,bnjmn,"The game has no flaws that I can see. Great variety of weapons and ways to take a base or complete a mission, good enough AI too. A SP game with a long story? Basically I found that you complete 1-2% of the game for basically every HOUR you play. That is if you do a mission, some side ops, and exploring in that one hour. Great Open World Game, nice stealth game, very pretty looking, good job... Kojima!"
76561197972264195,Not Recommended,287700,19222381,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Ösil mudman,Its a Bad Broken Mess. Its unfinsished and stresseddont buy it
,Not Recommended,287700,18422679,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Delius,"Ok, right from the beginning I was put off of this game. First problem, no mouse control in the UI at all, if you're going to do a pc port at least do this. From here I had to sit through what was probably the worst intro/tutorial I have ever had the displeasure of having to sit through, which was rife with overly long, mind-numbingly clichéd and nonsensical cut scenes. I'm so glad I skipped half of those cut scenes too, if I hadn't I probably wouldn't have gotten to see any of the actual game play before steam's 2 hour refund cut off. Once that was thankfully over, I got to play the game, which apparently warranted insanely high critical reviews... I just don't see it. Yes, the graphics look amazing at max settings, I will give it credit here, but that was the only thing I found amazing. Everything else about the game I found just ok, I very quickly realized I would be bored to tears a few hours in, so I decided to elect for the refund option. If this cost less then $40 I would probably recommend it to people looking for a decent open world stealth/shooter, but at the current price... yeah, no."
,Recommended,287700,18835681,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ricardoromaopt,Absolutely Awesome. Great story and so much extras.Just play it! The missions are crazy and have multiples ways to finish.EDIT: Nominated this for an award! :)
,Recommended,287700,18842488,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,roycetime,"I love open world games, and I loved Metal Gear Solid and sequals back in the day.  Combining these makes for one heck of a ride!"
76561197970759080,Recommended,287700,18848677,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Able Jones,"3/5Starts sprinting, stumbles & then falls into mediocrity.Good game, not a great game.Steam Sale."
76561197961158920,Recommended,287700,18849107,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Joemah,"Fun gameplay, especially if you decide to play completely stealth.Story is a bit weak. Starts off strong, but weakens towards the end. Overall, it felt empty at the end. I felt like I hadn't actually accomplished anything."
,Recommended,287700,18851007,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dr. Lazarus,"2015 GAME OF THE YEAR9.5/10 -  ""Now go! Let the Legend come back to life!""It took me over 100 hours to beat this game. I played a game with no multiplayer, no DLC, and did not purchase any microtransactions, for over 100 hours. To some that's not a lot, but it's almost unheard of when it comes to how I play video games. This is one of the absolute best games I've ever played, and I am seriously kicking myself for never picking up a Metal Gear game before this one. There are so many great things about this game! It's massive replayability, it's great story, is solid (heh) gameplay, the beautiful terrains of Afganistan, and Africa, and so so much more.That being said, even my favorite game of 2015 has it's cons. Please note they are small and worth putting up with because I'd do it all over again if I had the chance.First thing you'll probably get annoyed with is that it can get a bit repeditive. Once you've done 20 or so missions you've pretty much done all that the gameplay and open worlds have to offer. It's not a terrible thing, it's can just get a bit mind numbing and you're hoping for something new, but it never comes.Open world is not immersive. At all. You'll actually get more immersion out of a Dead Rising game. Not all open world games can be as immersive towards the end game such as GTA or a Bethesda game. Not a bad first attempt by all means, it's just that there's not really a whole lot to do if you're looking to go exploring.Miller needs to take a chill pill.Ending is a bit lackluster and feels unfinished. My understanding is that Kojima was fired before he even had a chance to finish it. Hopefully an expansion will be announced?Instead of a Game+ Mode, they added in extra missions with the difficulty upped insanely high. That's not okay."
,Recommended,287700,19123900,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,STOIC2,It is a great game however.  I have killing floor 2 as well as fallout 4 taking up my time right now.  But so far so good on this game.
76561198095329664,Recommended,287700,19124603,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,The_Casual_Gamer,"10/10 gameplay and I could write a five page paper just about how good the gameplay is. The gameplay alone is everything I've ever wanted from a stealth game and it's absolutly amazing. The gameplay is also perfectly implimented in the mission's because most of them just give you an objective in the middle of enemy territory and you have to sort the rest out however you want. But the story is severely lacking especially compared to previous MGS games. Even though the plot twist is one of the most shocking things I have ever experienced in a videogame it still doesn't make up for the lack of narrative fleshing it out or the lack of narrative in general. The cassette tapes were dumb, as a fan of the series I preferred the long cutscenes. I also noticed that the gap between the gameplay and the narrative is jaring. One example of this is at a point in the story where Snake's helicopter is about to crash and it ends the mission cutscene with ""to be continued"" but after that mission you are back in the ACC, everything is fine and you can even mess around in the open world, but when you start the next mission the cutscene opens and Snake's helicopter is suddenly crashing again. Points like that in the story made me feel like Kojima intended the narrative to be linear but forgot about the open world gameplay. However the best parts of the narrative were the more linear parts like the Intro and the mission where your staff gets infected during chapter 2. During those parts of the game it shined and felt like a true MGS game but those parts were few and far between. Amazing sections like those made me wonder if MGS V should've been a linear experience like the other games instead of the open world experience it is. I only discuss the story because that is what MGS is about. Oh yeah, and what the ♥♥♥♥ happened to the awesome boss battles that were the highlights of the previous games! MGS is known for having some of the best bosses in all of gaming and there where only like 3 boss fights in this one and they weren't even great. They were okay. Just another thing that left me slightly disapointed. However every other aspect of the game is still worth every dollar I payed, the shear amount of content in the game is overwhelming, and MGS V is hands down the best game of 2015."
76561197983732026,Not Recommended,287700,19126712,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,demfloro,Despite interesting universe and gameplay Konami ♥♥♥♥s up gaming expirience with arbitrary transfer of resources to FOB after update in October 6. Disgusting behaviour which makes me regreting buying the game.
,Recommended,287700,19156813,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Nelmsteen,"I've played every MGS game going and this is really nothing like the rest, but at the same time quite similar. I know that doesnt make a lot of sense, but you'll just have to play it to find out.The story is good (as always) but I've not completed it yet so have yet to discover the finale but no doubt there will be some big twist involved.Gameplay is excellent. Just when you think you're getting good, the difficulty of the game changes dynamically and throws you a curveball. I had a tactic of headshotting everybody with the tranq pistol, then they started wearing helmets. Attacking at night, they ended up with NVG and torches. Really clever game. Have yet to become bored of it."
,Recommended,287700,19157718,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Shadowstrider,"Alot of fun, works just like the game we all know and love as metal gear players. There are alot of game features that can and will make a difference in the world and missions entriely.Here are those features:1. ENEMY PREPARENESS : Enemies will counter your tactics. Too many headshots leads to alot of helmets so you knock out pistols is useless although you can shot the exposed part of the head to knock them out. Kill alot of enemies during high alert resolved in enemies wearing body armor, and riot gear.2. MOTHER BASE : You do not only have to complete missions will the reasonable amount of skill, you run your own personal HQ. Position soldiers in R&D, medical labs, and even combat units. And you will need grow and Build up you base so you can equip better guns, or make a certian mission easier.3. REALITICS ENEMIES AND HORRORS OF WAR : You may be the legendary hero, but even they have limits, thats the case when you need to take out enemies quietly or capture them and recruit them into you PMC. Although you may have the support team and buddies backing you up, but it will get in the future nasty if your enemies combat prepareness is at dark red or highest level.And the AI is good, they don't shoot with god like marksmanship but they can and will hit you if you get to close. On the other hand they suffer recoil like they should if your around 100 to 300 meters. They will use teamwork and throw grenades to lure you out cover, the heavy armor will rush you in force while the weaker ones support fire. Plus snipers can spot you very easily if you are careless in your suroundings giving them a edge in both combat and to counter your acts of sniping and killing enemies from a distance. And do not fight Armored Tanks head on, you will die if you do, be smart.4. FICTIONAL ENEMIES : Im always about fighting dragons or other nasty fantasy monsters, you got a metal gear as before, and three others nasty villans. The ""Man on Fire"" is not to be messed with unless you know his weakness, and a floating boy with a gas mask and werid abilities. And then the dangerous Skulls that can tear you up if your not careful enough.5. STORY : I won't spoil to much, but is does take place 9 years after the events of ""Ground Zeroes"", and Skull Face is the man behide the destrution of the old mother base of the last game ""Peace Walker"", the rest well you'll will have to see for yourself.6. FREEDOM : The game will allow you play the way you want, a kind warrior who fights to helps others even leading enemies to a better path, or a demon killing every possible armed personal. You can free roam to gather supplies or do side ops, and exacute main missions via on gunship, or stationed mission uplinks while on free roam.7. BUDDIES : I'm mostly a team player, helping others complete difficult missions, or to take out the big bad villan. In this game, you won't have to work alone anymore. Your D-Horse will help you getting into outposts faster, and mostly blocking the road where enemies cars and trucks so you can lead a nasty ambush of your own. DD detects enemies and POWs even if there not in your line of sight, detect land mines and plants, and a wingman in killing, stunning, and fultoning enemy guards. Quiet lends sniper support and can scout out ahead of you for guard posts.Do get this game if you a fan of metal gear games in general, or to play the way you want so long as a it works for you.Personal Note: FOB mission can be fun, but due to a lack of an anti-cheat system, you will come across cheaters."
,Not Recommended,287700,19176719,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,"Cook, Serve, Delicioso DOS!","Konami transformed the game into a mobile game lookalike, with unrealistically obtainable end game items."
,Recommended,287700,19181777,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Probe1,"The second half of the game drags on but the first half more than makes up for it.  I wish it had gotten more help from the publishers and not released when it was, but as a finished product it's very good.  The gameplay is excellent.  There are a lot of issues that undermine it, not limited to the asinine ""Motherbase Points"" concept that has you improve your gameplay by spending real money.You can safely ignore it but it's a pockmark on an otherwise great game.  Sadly this looks like the last MGS game by Kojima so if you were a fan of the previous ones, this is more of the same and likely the very last."
76561198079535992,Recommended,287700,19184285,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,MGS,Althoug I'm a metal gear fan and MGS5 phantom pain has the best graphic in the series it isn't my favourite release because how i used to play previous releases .I also hate the waiting time between traveling in the choper and being dropped at some point in the mapBut the game still one of the best open world type games
76561197975605098,Recommended,287700,19190286,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Sabrex449,Recommend buying this but at 50% your pretty much done with this gameits then very repetitive but great visuals and very well optomised
,Recommended,287700,19224332,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,FoxFireFool,"Other MGS titles had amazing stories that were bogged down a bit by the clunky gameplayMgsV is quite the opposite, as while it offers 100+ hours of amazing gameplay in the nearly flawless FOXengine (and also, Metal Gear Online will be patched in come January) it is bogged down a bit by a clunky story that hardly exists in the large scale of things. Not to say it's a bad story, in fact some of the twists and moments it has to offer are amazing, but most of the exposition/resolution/explanation comes to you through audio logs. and boy are there a lot of audio logs. Honestly, most of this game's problems would ave been fixed  if Konami allowed Kojima's studio more time to work on it, but the end result is still a solid experience that is incredibly enjoyable and worth the purchase.Be sure to listen to those audio logs tho"
,Recommended,287700,19236967,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Terrible Bart from the start,gud
76561197983848614,Recommended,287700,19259109,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,daddy,"Gameplay was god, I had a lot of fun with this game. The story is lackluster, I never once really cared about any of the characters or the enemy. The game just kinda ended, was pretty lame."
,Recommended,287700,19259788,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,I'm eating starburst jellybeans,Im terrible at finishing games like this that take 15 years to complete but what i did play was good i guess
,Recommended,287700,19269287,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Plex,"Don't let the butt-hurt mgs fans ruin this for you; even if the story was as bad they make it out to be (even I find it really thought provoking), the gameplay is probably the best experience I've had in years. In my experience the game is bug free and even after the main story MGSV provides ample content. The main missions are excellent; although there arent enough indoor enviroments. The optional  content is repetitive but the excellent gameplay makes the most tedious tasks entertaining.  The gameplay to price ratio is outstanding; at minimum you will clock 50 hours just to rush through the story. That's not including side ops, other objectives, the somewhat functional FOB missions and the upcoming Metal Gear Online 3. Even if you haven't played MGS3 you will still find the story a delight as long as you have some background info (surf the mgs wiki for a bit). In short, if you want a fun game that will blow previous metal gear games, open world games, and stealth games out of the water MGSV is for you.9.5/10, even with its flaws its perfect. GOTY 2015."
,Not Recommended,287700,19272523,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Boss_CyAn1d3,"after many, many, many hours of playtime, and after uninstalling this mess due to the lack of intel on PC MGO, i cannot reccomend this game to anyone on the basis of story alone, just on the simple basis that there is NONE.you can watch the whole thing on youtube and save yourself $60.if you want it that bad, wait till its on sale... this is NOT a full game by ANY means..."
,Recommended,287700,19276473,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,NathanDrake,"Awesome game its amazing and so worth it!.. Great Graphics, so GET IT!"
76561197986784475,Recommended,287700,19317285,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,G,"Kojima you sob, you tricked me again and i liked it!Snake out of Gear this was solid."
,Recommended,287700,19317456,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ruga,"While the gameplay is as close to flawless as I can imagine for a stealth-oriented espionage simulator, the story itself ends rather abruptly and without much satisfaction. That being said, the game that's there is extremely fun."
,Recommended,287700,19324557,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ghost,Best MGS!!!
,Recommended,287700,19324691,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,slurm,"Can you hear me Snake, Snake?. SNAAKKEE"
,Recommended,287700,19329096,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,JJMuerta,One of the greatest games I've ever played.
,Recommended,287700,19329564,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Senorc Lexion,"Amazing. the tenth and final game in the Metal Gear series! unfortunatly Konami's desire to shift focus to mobile games and Pachi-Slots that got Silent Hills canceled also got this masterpiece rushed to comletion. it's still amazing though. Kojima Productions has still done everything it can to still make the game great dispite that. I have only two MAJOR problems with MGSV:TPP 1. The Prologue (you'll know what I'm talking about if youv'e played it) and  2. The Title, this is a sequel to Peace Walker, which is a sequel to Portable ops, which is a spin off of MGS 3, so technicaly this is MPO 3, but that really is nitpicking. You don't need to play the previouse games: MG, MG2, MGS, MGS 2, MGS 3, MPO, MGS 4, MGS PW and MGSV:GZ to enjoy the game BUT you still should because they are all AMAZING games. (aside from MGS, that is the only one that has dated, its still kinda decent though)."
76561198072430311,Recommended,287700,19330855,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Vedrfolnir,"First and foremost:This is a Hideo Kojima Game. Let us make that clear.I must admit that this is my second entry into the franchise, having previously only played Twin Snakes. I am good with most of the lore involved, however.In any case, this is, hands down, the most well thought out stealth-based game I've ever played. I cannot say it's the best, but it surely must be up there somewhere. The open world gameplay is a departure from traditional linear MGS gameplay, but it allows for frankly unparalleled player creativity. Every single mission in this game can be tackled in half a dozen ways. Need to assassinate someone? You could snipe them from afar, you could sneak through the enemy camp and slit their throat while they're not looking, you could plant an explosive in a nearby vehicle, heck, you could order an airdropped tank on their head.Frankly, I haven't had enough of this game. It's too good not to play."
,Recommended,287700,19338373,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,✪ Ryan,Played it like a damn fiddle
,Recommended,287700,19342372,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,mos,GAME OF THE YEAR !!!VERY GOOD VERY FUNTHX Hideo Kojima <3
76561198125152646,Recommended,287700,19356283,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,This is not the greatest profile,GoodSNAKE?!SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKKKKKKKKEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!
,Recommended,287700,19367505,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,The Shyster Meister,its good
76561198109055253,Recommended,287700,19369025,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lomg boye,Unfinished but amazing.
76561197999967004,Recommended,287700,19378513,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Timmy!,"Great game. Only problem I have with it is it lacks replay value as the ""pvp"" aspect of the game isn't that fun."
76561198170203353,Recommended,287700,19381743,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,E7M9K,Amazing Game!  That's all I can say
,Recommended,287700,19394017,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Fourth2Infinity,Only one word needs to be said of Phantom pain and everything about it.......BEAUTIFULL.
76561198026599010,Recommended,287700,19399693,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,KOORGAHN CHANGE KLEEP!,"As someone who's never played a Metal Gear Solid game for longer than five minutes before now, who skipped this game when it came out because I thought it was going to be impossible to understand and didn't think I would enjoy it, play this game. It's high quality action, stealth (optional most of the time), private army managing fun. The backstory for the uninitiated is nicely covered in audio logs, and isn't essential to enjoy this game. It's also one of the best optimized games I've ever played, running at consistantly high frame rates on machine BELOW the minimum system specs listed without changing any of the graphics options from default. Play MGS V. It's quality with a capital Q."
76561198127912658,Recommended,287700,19400401,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,luka_vodkahero,"I played it for 26h and I just cannot stop! Good open world and mission setting, good story lines and attractive figures."
76561198071822725,Recommended,287700,19406849,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SG.Doi_Takki,"It's a little late and most of the technical stuff, story(sigh), and gameplay have all been thoroughly covered by every other reviews so I'm just gonna go ahead and say that my impression on this game well.... my play time says it all ;)"
,Recommended,287700,19416639,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,jzorbino,"Fantastic game, one of the best in the series yet very different from those that came before it.  Far and away the lightest story and voice acting of any Metal Gear Solid game, but the mission system and open world nature are extremely deep and full of content.  Would definitely recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,287700,19430205,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Questy,"You get more money for saving animals. To make it worse, your men praise you more about saving animals than saving prisoners, etc."
,Recommended,287700,19434784,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dovah,Game of the Year
76561198180199794,Not Recommended,287700,19469753,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,derek,"I'm sure it gets better but after the first like 7 or 8 hours it started off as potentially one of the best games ever, then it was literally just go to this base, take out that person, go to this base, take out this tank, go to this base, take out this sniper, and it was this for hours and hours. If you REALLY want to play it wait for a good sale. I regret buying it at full price. Will never finish it. Time consuming for no reason."
,Not Recommended,287700,19471102,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,FL,"This is an amazing game that gradually gets worse and worse , leaving you with a feeling of deep despair for what it could have been. Don't get me wrong, the game is fun when you start, its fun even 50 hours in... but eventually you will start to feel (unironically) the phantom pain.If I could return this game I would."
76561198182720410,Recommended,287700,19486616,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,bashapretsch,"Gound Zero : 1 out of 10. Nothing more than a 40 Euro Demo.Phantom Pain : 10 out of 10. The best game I played this year. The Story, the gameplay and the immersion, all great."
,Recommended,287700,19747599,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,B Nice,"The tools at your disposal and how they work in concert with the game mechanics and open world is incredibly well executed and fun to experiment with. And how KojiPro implemented the meta game aspect to both string the player along and convey the thrust of the story was well thought out.But as a long time fan of the series, I was crushed by the overall narrative and second half. MGSV is both an utter disappointment and one of my favorite games of the year. In the end, I’m left with a phantom pain."
76561198078338341,Recommended,287700,19748524,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,zer0cypher,"Here's the TL;DR review in advance:The journey to the end of a legend is more interesting than the end itself.It's finally here, folks, KojiPro's last Metal Gear, and presumably the last chapter in the Big Boss saga.Continuing after the events of MGSV: Ground Zeroes (play it if you can, even if some say it's a demo. It's not.), you play as the ""legendary"" mercenary Big Boss in a quest for revenge against those who burned his old PMC outfit into the sea.Along the way you'll have to rebuild his army using a nifty tool called the Fulton device, which is essentially a balloon (which is then snagged by an aircraft) used to capture enemy soldiers and rescue prisoners, among other things. These can then be incorporated into your army, filling various roles according to their skills.With this chapter comes a new open sandbox (or 2, actually), presenting to you various ways to complete your mission. The game is also generous with the tools which you may choose, among them including the good old tranquilizer gun, the assault rifle, the sniper rifle etc and also some other non-conventional items e.g a decoy balloon and a cardboard box.You may also bring buddies into each deployment; at first you'll have a horse which can double as the fastest method to get from point A to B and as a distraction if you use him wisely. Later, you can unlock a dog (or is it a wolf?), a combat mech which can operate autonomously and a certain female sniper with supernatural abilities.Story missions are presented in episodic order, with credits showing who did what at the start of each. They're nifty at first, but after some time they can be tiresome to look. These credits can potentially spoil the mission for you, especially when ""Guest Starring: Enemy X"" shows up, so you might want to look away when they show up.There's also a new mode called the Forward Operations Base (FOB), where you can invade other players' FOBs and steal their staff and stuff. But this comes with a price though. If you are discovered or if you Fulton away anything, the owner (or his friends supporting him) will be notified and they'll show up, trying their best to shoo you away however they see fit. But the rewards are grand, allowing you to steal some of their best staff and place them in your own private force.PROS:- freedom of infiltration; be a ghost and stay undetected or go in guns blazing with an attack chopper on your side- superb gameplay- high attention to the game's detail. Shot an electric cable? You can actually electrocute people with them. Ordered an enemy to lie face down in a puddle? He'll drown soon enough.- FOX engine is the best performance-optimized game engine with photo-realistic visuals since GTA V- silky smooth controls with either KB+M or a gamepadCONS:- story can be confusing especially if you never played the previous games, which most of them are console-exclusive- missions can be repetitive after some time. They can be summarized as either ""Eliminate this"" or ""Capture that"" or  ""Rescue that Prisoner"", so not much variety there. The ways of how you can do them, however, is the polar opposite.- development for certain end-game, high ranked items can be very tedious to farm resources for and can take a very long time, even when the timer is in-game. Others can be processed even when you're not playing, but they can take long (up to a week!).- microtransactions. (Ugh. Seriously Konami?) Comes in the form of MB coins, which allows you to build additional FOBs to place more soldiers in your PF and insta-complete development of items or building structures.Your mileage may vary:- Plot: A quest for revenge. Let's not get started with the ending. Some important details are also hidden away inside cassette tapes, which you can hear to while you're in the field.- Music: It feels a bit different compared to those in the previous entries considering the main composer is no longer Harry Gregson-Williams, replaced by Ludvig Forsell. But still good nonetheless.- Kiefer Sutherland. Some other fans may say he's not as good as David Hayter in voicing Snake, but who knows? Not me.So that's it, folks, my review of MGSV: TPP. It's one of the most polished games to come out in this decade. Play it!EDIT 24/12/2015:Added more substance to the review.EDIT 4/12/2016:One year later, I'm still playing this, much thanks to Infinite Heaven.How fun is this game? Fun enough to make me delete my save file twice and play it for the 3rd time through."
,Recommended,287700,20052208,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,@BARACK_08BAMA,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvsP3deANtA
,Recommended,287700,20052210,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TheOkamigaming,"Well I have 28 hours in this game currently and have not finished it, my plan is to 100% it. This is a game within the Metal Gear franchise but it does not follow the typical Metal Gear recipe. It is like an update to Metal Gear Peace Walker you have simalar things like Mother Base and the mangagment. Now people say it is 95% filler and that is true but what matters is that its fun and it is. Alot of area's are reused but everytime you get back to those area's you have new toy to play with in the sandbox that is the game. I enjoyed it and will continue too."
,Recommended,287700,20075027,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,"ONE HUNNIT PERCENT, TENOUTTATEN, MAGNIFICO"
,Recommended,287700,20098754,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,John,very nice.
,Recommended,287700,20100297,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Grain,"You can knock people out with a rocket-propelled prosthetic arm, work with a dog trained to shoot people or a female sniper with revealing clothing, and escape in a gold-plated helicopter with Mr. Weebl's Narwhals blaring out of its speakers (or whatever you want; John Cena's theme, Undertale music etc; it's up to you).............all in beautiful 60 FPS.Beautiful/10"
76561198080287243,Recommended,287700,20101071,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bl1nk*,a Hideo Kojima game!!!!!
,Not Recommended,287700,20110919,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Macarius Wrench,"A disappointing end to the Metal Gear franchise as we know it, the wealth of options put towards you is daunting and the relative lack of plot feels oddly out of place for a game in this series. As an action game its an excellent controlling, approachable and compelling stealth action sandbox. As a Metal Gear game it falls short of the series traits of insane plots and memorable characters. A good game but not one I can recommend as a fan of the series."
76561197995480866,Recommended,287700,20113540,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Zorel,"This is probably the best game in the Metal Gear Solid series in terms of Gameplay, story not so much. However, it's still a fantastic experience that you should not pass up."
76561198032547672,Recommended,287700,20118989,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[V-M] Gamevoin ~]S.B[~ (Aeorum),"Let's just get this out the way - there is cut content and some parts of the game feel unfinished.Why? Nobody knows.Maybe it was caused by the divorce between KojiPro and Konami? Did they take more than they could chew, so suddenly charging into revolutionary open world gameplay? Maybe the choice to support older consoles hindered them more than they thought? Nobody knows.But, no matter how much could have been cut or lost, the content we still have - it's absolutely massive and amazing.Pretty GoodI find this game's stealth the greatest, even when compared to MGS3. The main comparision here is MGS 3 - as the most complete Big Boss adventure up until this installment.(the others which featured him were mainly made for portable consoles)Unlike Splinter Cell or even Deus Ex, this game features complex systems to register you as hidden or not. You won't be instantly invisible when you enter the shadow of a tree, for example.ughAlso, Metal Gear Online comes for PC next month, (which is really soon. like, a week or two.) so you should try to get it while it's on sale at all."
,Recommended,287700,20141166,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dotarion,Everything shall be sent to mother base through my unknown portal.
,Recommended,287700,20150977,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,AwesimoKnight,"Absolutely amazing. No need for explanation, just get it."
,Recommended,287700,20155753,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,I Suck I'm Sorry,"A Hideo Kojima game.Seriously though, I have 82 minutes on this game.......I just finished the introduction. It is incredible. All I want to do is play more. I have the graphics maxed out and the game is beautiful. Buy without hesitation, but just set aside about 2 hours for the intro alone.i5-44604GB R9 3808GB Ram."
76561198084186893,Recommended,287700,20166578,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lord Nubbz,must play
,Recommended,287700,20178122,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ＣＬＯＵＴ　ＬＯＲＤ,Best Shyamalan movie i've seen.
,Recommended,287700,20191150,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,furkanmeral7,"+Excellent optimization!+Excellent gameplay!(Dont expect GTA style open world, its a stealth action open world game after all)+Not bad graphics!+Love musics!-Some weapons need to be developed online. You are forced to play online if you want that weapons.-Cheaters in FOB-Generally FOB system because I dont want to play online but I am forced to do.-Cant say anything about story, my first metal gear game and I didnt understand much. But I do understand game is unfinished at story aspect. At the end of the story I was like WTF happened to the kids flying with that giant mech. There are even rumors about deleted/unfinished chapter 3.Overall  8.5/10! Its a good game just buy it!"
76561198057601439,Recommended,287700,20205072,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,samiamarai,One of the best games I have ever played
76561198077516069,Recommended,287700,20226648,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,circa22,"Ive had a lot of fun playing this one. It is an open world setting, and you pretty much build and upgrade your personal mercenary army while embarking on your own badass missions as the boss. Headshots are very satisfying when needing to be stealthy, or you can run in guns blazing. Thats the beauty of this game, every mission can be completed in different ways, approaching from different angles, strategies, etc. Thank you Kojima."
76561198001732895,Recommended,287700,20249049,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hurf Derfman,This game was a amazing... until you get to the end and realize they didn't really  finish it. But I wasn't upset until like 150 or so hours in. Not the best MGS in the franchise but still worth your time.
,Recommended,287700,20250924,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Chief_ChiLLaXN(LOLKITTIESLOL),Best Game I played all year 420/10.
76561198055629318,Recommended,287700,20278531,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Milquetoast,To be continued...
,Recommended,287700,20173421,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,"Ewan, The big moist.","Is it a good Metal Gear Solid Game? : YesDoes it feel like a Metal Gear Solid Game? : YesDoes it play like a Metal Gear Solid Game? : SortaIf you like the old MGS games then you will greatly enjoy this game, however the game does become repetitious after awhile. Not-to mention Konami has offically won the ""Biggest peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; award for 2015, so beware of their tyranny if you are buying the game."
,Recommended,287700,19042742,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Hâr0ku,"My Snake is always solid everytime i play this game :), really fun open stealth game with tons of ways to complete a mission of your choosing, MGO coming soon looking foward to that :)"
,Recommended,287700,19104077,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Sushi,"Kept you waiting, huh?"
,Recommended,287700,19136355,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Madcow,"Best game I've played in a long time, and I'm truly struggling to come up with critisism of any substance.This is the first and only game from the Metal Gear franchise that I've ever played. Because of this, some of the story elements went over my head, but it never made the game boring. The gameplay is solid if you enjoy action and stealth.Nitpicking:- Between every mission you bum around in a helicopter. This simply feels like a waste of time since there rarely is any action during these sequences (unless you've chosen to land in a hot zone, which is seldom preferable). The helicopter is armed with a minigun, but you never get to truly utilize it, making the helicopter rides quite boring.- The AI is alright but at times pretty stupid, making the game too easy from time to time (especially if you use a silenced sniper rifle).- In order to fully complete the main story you need to replay old missions, but this time you are forced to use only stealth.But never mind the nitpicking. Do yourself a favour and buy this game."
,Recommended,287700,19190052,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Evanlift,Jiggle Physics.
76561198034242228,Recommended,287700,19220777,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,le0pard,best of the best
76561198081578225,Recommended,287700,19231626,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,DisconnectMEME,METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE DOWNLOAD PAIN
,Recommended,287700,19269056,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Chaos_Theory30,"fantastic game all in all a great experience with so many ways to play, just a real shame i'll never get to play the whole story as it was meant to be played, the full story was cut due to hideo Kojima falling out with konami before the game could be finished and published as a completed game, i just hope there will be some dlc for what we should have had in the first place"
,Recommended,287700,19272278,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ChronicTonic,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,287700,19279012,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Theriomourne,"Despite missing the final content because whatever madness is going on Konami, I still recommend this game. It's first half is awesome, and the gameplay is flawless. I consider it one of the best MGS on the series, and it doesn't place in first place because of the reasons I've already mentioned.Multiplayer mode is pretty balanced and its a fresh breath of air in a game that has really good points on its favor."
,Recommended,287700,19280755,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,basedskeltal,"This is odd for me to be writing a serious review, but anyways MGS V is a bitter-sweet game, but still gets my recommendation for the full $60. I'm at 58% completion as I'm writing this. Now I've played MGS 3, and Peacewalker previously and thats all. The game has excellent gameplay, there are some many ways to play and all are rewarding in some way. Going loud in the MGS series is typically frowned upon, but in this game it is really satisfying. The stealth mechanics are the best of the series and are dynamic according to weather, time of day and etc. The story is meh at best, and has some really dumb plot twists. The boss fights are often stale too, and aren't as good as the amazing ones in MGS 3. I do however like how this game has the Mother Base system of Peacewalker, as it really adds to the game, through developing new ways to play (R&D) and also Mother Base support out in the field can be epic as you see a support chopper gunning down your enemies (Support). The game however can be repetitive, but as a fan of Peacewalker, I didn't mind too much, but I'm sure others will, so I'm counting this a neutral. The first chapter is great, everything feels fresh and intense. But the second chapter is really lacking, the story only comes in bits and pieces between doing harder versions of missions in chapter 1. Overall I got about 100+ hours out of it and still going, even though chapter 2 can be stale, so I would recommend. For the best deal possible, buy it on sale."
,Recommended,287700,19295895,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Artificial Death in the West,"Hideo Kojima's final Metal Gear Solid. The gameplay and controls have been perfected into a smooth concoction of freedom. Sneak your way through a base or massacre everyone. I don't feel like writing a paragraph with all the things you can do, So I'll just say freedom on the ground. There are a lot of problems concerning the need to grind in the end game, along with long helicopter rides, but I found MGSV to be extremely fun. Many will say the story was bad, however I was fine with what we got. Others say the twist came out of nowhere, which to be fair, wasn't ""triggered"" by anything. There a lot of foreshadowing to that twist with the whole prolouge being enough to decipher it."
,Recommended,287700,19306712,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mr Deap,Definitely game of the year. To clock over 150 hours for a single player action game without RPG element is rare.
76561198147334526,Recommended,287700,19307244,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Drach'nyen,Enjoyed every hour spent in this game
,Recommended,287700,19323788,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,big pube,tfw  the trailers story was better than the actual game
76561198049307281,Recommended,287700,19461933,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,S.M.D_ryodan,10/10 gamespot10/10 IGN100/100 pewdiepieBEST GAME
76561197977482420,Not Recommended,287700,19467890,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Killjoy,"Disappointment (noun): the feeling of sadness or displeasure caused by the nonfulfillment of one's hopes or expectations.This is MGS:V in a nutshell. The game isn't finished and there are many parts you can see the gear teeth skipping and struggling to keep spinning. All the microtransactions, terrible patches, the chore of farming fuel, makes you think Konami wanted this to be a mobile game. FOBs are a joke, no multiplayer (yet), resources are a pain to get, the game is very repetative. Kojima AND Konami are at fault for letting the Metal Gear franchise die. This could have been an amazing game, an achievement in game design and storytelling, but no. We get a patched up David Cage script that was thrown in a gutter and found by Konami. I do not recommed this game until they either fix the game, or, at the very least, finish making the game."
,Recommended,287700,19469562,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,mikha,What the ♥♥♥♥ Huey...
76561198039868153,Recommended,287700,19470678,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,AtomicPaperclip,"This is far and away the best game I have ever played. It is the first Metal Gear game I have played and I still enjoyed it a lot.There is an incredible amount of content. It could easily be two or three $60 games. There are an absurd amount of features/easter eggs. It's like they said ""yes"" to every idea they had.There is a lot of freedom on how you complete a mission. Full stealth and full lethal are both equally viable options.In 85 hours of playing the game, I have not experienced a single bug. It an incredibly refined game that works very well.Everyone should play this game."
76561198165486700,Recommended,287700,19480173,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,yocohen,simply amazing
,Recommended,287700,19510630,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sowjet <xxx> Tammy Jarvis,Metal Gear Solid V: The Aimbot Pain
76561198060900132,Recommended,287700,19528633,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Storms_Warniing,"great great game. very good story, ran smooth on install for me."
76561198100169881,Not Recommended,287700,19530592,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,76561198100169881,"The Trailer made me absoulutly pumped that this would be a game with a awesome story.It wasn't.Minimal Story, No charector Develepment.Save yourself the Time and money, watch the Trailer, and move on.By the Way, there's no ending either."
,Recommended,287700,19546569,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,BrohamFantaCan,"10/10Made me reailise companies have played me and my wallet like a damn fiddle for yearsHave 35 hours in so far, only 13% done :DFound a puppy, he became a wolf dog thing, now he can assisanate russians with a knife...They're pretty good.Thanks Kojima"
,Recommended,287700,19547386,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Slaave,Compared to other games that came out this year this game is worth well beyond the $60 price tag. The amount of time and enjoyment you will get out of this is far above any other that I have played this year.Or just do what what one of my friends did and just get it for Quiet and add a couple mods from Nexus into the game.
,Recommended,287700,19557814,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,dbeelzeboop,"it's remarkable what kojipro managed to do with the phantom pain, and it's a goddamn shame they weren't allowed to finish it. for all of its frustrations and ""what could have been""s, the peaks are still higher than any other entry in the series. the very definition of a compromised vision"
76561198215915432,Recommended,287700,19558097,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,gavchallenger,"I wish I bought this before call of duty and saved some money. Love this game, and the have built a really good basis for further improvement, best game of my year!"
,Recommended,287700,19577859,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Nightmare,"Started Side-op.Hopped into the back of a truck.Got spotted by a team of guys.They start running towards the truck.Truck smacks one of their own guys, killing them.Everyone freaks out and says ""Stay alert, signs of an intruder"".They turn away and go about their buisness without looking for me.10/10 - Would watch militia cover up a murder again."
76561198144264603,Not Recommended,287700,19578693,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Teemi,"bruh... this game though, has a freaking strong opening, and leaves you with a load of repetitive and boring missions. And u have to finish all of them to make progress in the story. I know the ending should be good too, but i got no more patience for the stupid missions in the empty map. This game is a lie. Great optimization though."
,Recommended,287700,19593819,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,PooFuching,"8/10... The gameplay is superb... but the story on the other hand, not that much... I love all the Metal Gear Solid games, but this one has no emotion, the characters are flat, Shalashaska its basically Venom Snake's secretary, Skull Face its forgettable, Eli... Well, you get the point. Its a fun game, but doesn't come near the other games in the Metal Gear Solid franchise... Sorry Kojima, i know its probably not your fult..."
76561198057443432,Recommended,287700,19626390,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Cray,I felt like I'm  in south africa when I saved those kids.  10/10 Kojima game.
,Recommended,287700,19635888,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,<<STLV>>vonben™,METALLLLLLLLLLLLL GEARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR 10/10 pls give this company muns even though they don't deserve to have it anymore konami as a company 0/10 would not shrek to save my shreking life
,Recommended,287700,19650691,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,hakeiMONO,"If you are a super fan of the MGS storyline or just a fan of some Metal Gear espionage, you wont regret getting this. Never encountered any game-breaking bugs through my 100% completion. Game is designed really well, especially the UI.Pros+ Many ways to complete missions+ Graphics optimization seems good (60 frames on my GTX 750 TI)+ Great soundtracks+ Fulton system and looking for that best soldier (feels like pokemon)Cons- Weak ending (you can tell they didn't have time to do what they planned)- Checkpoint system in certain missions can be very infuriatingIf you don't know Metal Gear storyline, I still recommend this game (if you like tactical espionage). Recommend you to go read up on Metal Gear to understand some jokes like the cardboard box.10/10 would fulton guys again"
,Recommended,287700,19679132,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,mrcoolmike,"honestly, this games makes me so happy. so many hours to be put into it and its so worth the money."
76561198045748303,Recommended,287700,19682896,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Septhexpenquatriduomon,"Bro, I haven't even started part 2 of this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561197976612002,Recommended,287700,19379815,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Katzenjammer,"Very solid gameplay mechanics, allowing you to approach missions in many different ways. Good enough to make me play 171 hours of a genre of games i generally avoid(stealth based).IMO Kojima did a great job with closing the Metal Gear story. If you take the time to absorb the the appropriate missions and audio tapes the story as a whole is pretty deep, while still leaving room for interpetation.Game engine is very well optimised and looks amazing at times.Would definately recommend for the single player, multiplayer seemed like a mess and i didnt invade or get invaded in my time with this amazing game."
,Recommended,287700,19382753,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,[SSgt] D.Wade [PTF] (ShiftKnife),"There's much to do in this game, and an incredible amount of replayability. I have barely scratched the surface, and plan on coming back to it soon. The gameplay is similar to previous titles, though the open world adds an exciting amount of freedom that can sometimes make game too easy. The lore of Metal Gear games is fairly expansive, and while this game tosses a lot of references at you from the third installment it can still be played and understood by a new player."
76561198197487383,Recommended,287700,19398074,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,hsoh28,"Well....it's now been about a month since I've owned this game and man o man I can't stop playing it. Even after almost 130 hours I'm finding new ways to play the game. How so you may ask, well lemme me explain real quick.A little bit of a spoiler but some of the ""challenging"" missions makes you start with nothing but the arm....and when I mean nothing I mean you have NOTHING!Does that remind you of anyone? That's right! Solid snake from MGS1 if you ever wondered how MGS1 would've been if the game was released now then this is it. You are one bad @$$ not only did I have to take over 2 outposts to have enough ammo for the real mission but also I had to painstakingly find the explosives to blow up the objective! I mean it was the most stressful 2 hours of my life and I've already played about 65 hours then...so I was pretty skilled but it was still A CHALLENGE. After completing it....I had to take a break and just to stop and wondered WTF just happend? ""Did I just use all my brain power and resources just to complete this one mission?""10/10 Would want to break my controller again..."
76561197971627072,Recommended,287700,19403280,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,BUBBA_LOU,"It's like if Far Cry, Grand Theft Auto, and Hitman had a threesome in 1984.You progressively unlock an arsenal that would make James Bond's Q-Branch look like cavemen as you move sandbox-style from base to base, silently carrying out your missions. In the meantime you steal everything you can, send children around the world to steal money for you, and steal...  everything. Joyriding vehicles with C4 on them is a riot. You can replay missions too, with a totally different arsenal, and the guards are at par with your progress. If you get caught, some of the firefights you'll have on a blown mission are legendary - Cardboard box has never been so good.MGS:V takes shooter with good controls and relatively serious story, and filters it through the franchise's traditional goofiness. Sure, you should upgrade your equipment, but does the helicopter need a loudspeaker stereo system for ""Ride of the Valkyries""? I say - hell yes. When engaging a Russian Army APC, what will you do? Shoot the doors and wake 'em up? Snipe the driver? Mine/C4 the road prior to? RPG? Or perhaps, have your horse poop - on command - on the corner of the road and watch the car spin out. And that may not be the funniest thing on the list. That's Metal Gear for you.By the way, it's a Hideo Kojima game. Get used to that."
76561198110567020,Recommended,287700,19404710,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Send_Feet_Pics | FPS™,"Best Game of the year at least for me untill The District is Released, But I loved all the metal gear series"
,Recommended,287700,19426619,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,an accident,"Target ran away before I was even spotted.10/10, would ♥♥♥♥♥ again."
,Recommended,287700,19427073,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Halt O'Carrick,Stealth
,Recommended,287700,19427208,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MagicHat98,"Do yourself a favor and buy this game. But, odds are if you are reading this review then you already bought it and are bored so you wanted to see what others thought.Here it goes.The attention to detail is glorious. When you go, where you go, how you go, who you shoot, where you shoot them, how you shoot them, IF you shoot them, whos with you when you shoot them, EVERYTHING matters in this great game. I came into the Metal Gear series with Peace Walker, and this is very similar but not the same. This great game gives you the freedom to do truly what you want. Oh? You want to wait and scope out the area before moving in? Do it. You want to go in gunz-a-blazin and f**k everyone up? GO AHEAD. You want to observe the flora and fauna of the Angola-Zarie Border Region? Really? Well you can do that. Pretty much anything you think you can do, you can do.Onto the story. Although weaker than other games. It still had me in until the end. Not that the end was bad, It just had be going throughout. Get what  im saying? The characters are so deep and all have their own backstories to fill entire series, but that doesn't matter beacause this is just one game in the fabirc of the Metal Gear Chronolgy, and its a big one too. The story will have you in for a good ride.The gameplay is so polished it shines like a baby's clean♥♥♥♥♥This game is so well optimized for a PC port nowadays. It runs so smooth it could totally run on a WiiU if you really wanted to try.At the time of this review Metal Gear Online hasn't launched on PC but the FOB mechanic is a great distraction.My only complaints about this game whatsoever is that I cant directly visit/attack my friends FOB, and that the game's title is in all caps in the Steam Library.Truly a Hideo Kojima Game.TENOTUTTATEN"
,Recommended,287700,20050361,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SnowiestAngeman,Played this game so much and it is such a fun game that keeps on giving. It will also hit you right in the feels like 80% of the time.
,Recommended,287700,20394247,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Barcode x_x,I think this is one of the greatest games I've ever played.
,Recommended,287700,19110972,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Solid Wolf,9/10Dont even care if u havent played MGS before♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT AND PLAY IT
,Recommended,287700,19126664,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Taco El Amigos,"The game is good ,but how to Metal Gear Online ?"
76561198085664630,Recommended,287700,19146562,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Ramteen,"Polished, Fun and awesome mechanics and gameplay, But without a well developed plot!﻿"
,Recommended,287700,19181332,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,OffensiveBias,"Do you like stealth games? Do you enjoy playing with sandboxes? Have you ever dreamed about running your very own private military company and recruiting people by attaching a balloon to them and abducting them to your base?  Are you a fan of 80s pop music? Have you ever felt the true happinness while sitting inside a cardboard box? If you answered ""yes"" to any of these questions, you should seriously consider getting this game as soon as possible. Long-time fans of the series can be disappointed by the unorthodox approach to storytelling, though."
76561198006220406,Recommended,287700,19208003,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Valerick,A work of art through and through.
76561198088112101,Recommended,287700,19228036,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Commander Steve,DDog!
76561198090260502,Recommended,287700,19295562,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Burnsy Mccann,Fun Gameplay with an extremely doley ending thats a slap in the face for long time fans and a generally bad story
76561197960374345,Recommended,287700,19299229,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Spook,"I have been a huge MGSV fan and played every single gamePro-Gameplay mechanics were solid and felt smoothCons:-Lack of variety in Missions (every mission felt so similar it got super repetitive)-Part 2 of the game is a repeat of  several previous missions at a higher difficulty, which is stupid-Having most of the story dialogue on cassette tapes is a drag"
,Recommended,287700,19301561,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Scary Monsters,"As a game: It's ♥♥♥♥ing great, if not one of the best stealth action games of all time. Side missions get repetitive, sure, but perfecting the main missions in order to get all objectives is addictingly fun, plus upping your stats and tech is endlessly fun. Plus, Metal Gear Online 3 is coming out soon, and I hope that's good on PC.As a METAL GEAR SOLID game: Somehow I wish this hadn't existed. It serves little to no point in the whole story, instead it got everyone hyped for something that never happened. The cutscenes and voicework are 10/10 at times, but do tend to dip down in quality at times. I hold the first 3 games as some of the most unique games I've ever played, and only the intro to this game lives up to that.Honestly though, the E3 trailers made for this game are some of the greatest videos I've seen. In order to get a better experience, watch the trailers and make your own idea of what happens based on those. Whatever you come up with will be infinitely better than ""they flew off somewhere with a machine capable of causing nuclear war, and nobody cared."""
,Recommended,287700,19312579,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,no1warr1or,Another great game in the metal gear series. Alittle more open world than I would like given the series history. But a great game
76561197998572584,Recommended,287700,19314310,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Dax,excelente
,Recommended,287700,19324972,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jimmy McGee,"Gameplay polished to a mirror sheen, but the story is garbage (for a Metal Gear Solid)."
,Recommended,287700,19335146,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,bigmoneysalvia,GOTY
,Recommended,287700,19340687,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Assasination,"For metal gear fans this game is a great. The gameplay is wonderful, as is the open world. The graphics are amazing to. It feels much more like a stealth game than any other open world game I've played. You can go guns blazing or stealth like a snake. FOB's can be fun invading other online player's bases and trying to get past their defenses. There is over 400 weapons to make, some standard and some dude neat things. The game is full of backstory, easter eggs, little tricks and humor. Newcomes can get right into the story and understand while older fans will get some new lore that is satisfying to the Metal Gear legacy.Pros: Gameplay, A.I, combat, stealthing and replay abilityCons: Little new story. Lack of real bosses that mean anything."
76561198066326641,Not Recommended,287700,19353906,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Doomofch,The games controls are so♥♥♥♥♥♥for pc you its not even fun I have no clue what it says for controls because it brings an xbox 360 controller up instead of a keyboard and mouse
,Recommended,287700,19366620,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Salad Snek #TF2Center,"I'm going to be honest with this game. As a stand alone game, it freaking fantastic! But, as a Metal Gear Solid game, it not all that great. I was extremely hyped for this game. Especially the story, that would supposedly fill in the gaps between Metal Gear one and two. While it did, it did it in an extremely boring matter and a terrible twist. This games story left me very dissapointed. But the gameplay is absoloutly superb! Best gameplay in the series by far.=Pros=Awesome gameplayAmazing enviroments and graphicsTons of side-ops and missions to doReally cool buddy system=Cons=Unfinished story that leaves to many questions unansweredLack of cutscenesLack of interesting dialogBoss fights arent very goodMost missions dont have very much purposeThe Ending :/The Verdict: Phantom Pain is a decent game overall. If your a fan of MGS like I am, you wont feel fullfilled with the story or the characters but you can still enjoy the gameplay. If you arent an MGS fan you will probably enjoy this game.=6.5/10="
,Recommended,287700,19368294,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dream,"It's a lot better than I expected, runs smoothly, looks good, plays good, very cinematic as well.Buy it especially since its on sale."
,Recommended,287700,19684884,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,CiNcRoN,Badass!
,Recommended,287700,19709325,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,J_ToSaveTheDay,"My feelings on this game are mixed. On one hand, this is some of the finest stealth/action gameplay I've ever experienced in a game, offering a wide variety of options to the player on how they approach situations. On a moment-to-moment basis, this game is absolutely thrilling to experiment in. On the other hand, as a long time Metal Gear Solid fan, the storyline absolutely fails to satisfy, and the pacing of the game is downright awful for the most part, stuffed with many filler objectives, tedious open-world travel options, and even some re-used missions in the back half of the game that really seem to indicate a lack of ideas or creativity. The open world maps themselves host a few extremely well-designed areas, but as a whole, the open world maps do have a lot of uninteresting empty space, an impression that's amplified by the lack of great travel options. There's also indication that this game had more story to tell, but was cut at some point in production -- what did make it into the game is sparse and underwhelming, and just like the open world fatigue, the story gets dragged down really badly by the featuring of repeat missions late in the game. I do still recommend this game, even if you never finish it -- I put over 80 hours between the PS4 and PC versions even despite my gripes, because when this game achieves its best, it is very rewarding and very entertaining."
76561198241985530,Recommended,287700,19723511,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Jewcy,Honestly just an amazing game everyone should play. Cannot recommend it enough. And this is coming from a guy who hadnt played any metal gear solid games before. Worth the $60
76561198079606055,Recommended,287700,19759233,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,?????,"Everything I thought it would be.  I have no complaints.  Others say there is lack of bosses, but it's enough to keep me busy.  Good Job with this one."
76561198057056188,Recommended,287700,19763969,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,TheLegend27,FULTONED A TRUCK INTO A HELICOPTER AND BLEW THE HELICOPTER UP10/10
76561198060330352,Recommended,287700,19769472,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Plissken,This is a video game :D
,Recommended,287700,19771586,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,FabioFanatic,Game kicks♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,287700,20632840,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ぜかまし,too hard
,Recommended,287700,20636547,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Menewb,Simply the best game I have ever played !!!!A Hideo Kojima Game !!!The Best
,Recommended,287700,20654634,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,madotsuki,i guess you could say this game is... pretty good
,Not Recommended,287700,20682050,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sadius the Corruptor,"""It's got a lot of content"" Doesn't work as an excuse if it's repetitive as♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,287700,20684825,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Siniestro☘,"Epic game, was not even a contest for the best singel player experience in 2015 (No fallout 4 was not even close). The multiplayer is just like the singelplayer combat, just against other people on few maps."
76561198066661896,Recommended,287700,20696149,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,worff1,"Alright, the cutscenes should have been longer and the episodic nature of the missions, while probably made to make every mission look special, does the exact opposite and the final missions, along with the underwhelming bosses don't do justice to the franchise. However, the gameplay's stellar, the game's packed with content, weapons, side ops, horse armour ( ;) ), sneaking suits, gadgets, all of that's great. You can personalize your mother base and really feel like you built it. The dialogue's great, as a fan of mgs's type of humour, there are some very funny parts, at least for me they were. And the game's more optimized than windows 8. The story's cool, but again, should have spanned across multiple missions, like in the original mgs games. More open areas, yes! Open world? Unnecessary, in my opinion. The world's empty, excluding the occasional enemy base or sheep herds of course.I genuinely thought this was going to be the best metal gear game in the franchise, and in a way, it is.The gameplay's been mastered, but the already masterful storyteling lags behind this time around.And that's what I loved about the 1st mgs and Snake Eater as well. The story. And I'd pick it over flawless gameplay anytime. But I'm really looking forward to whatever game Mr. Kojima makes in the following years, knowing he now has a  better working enviroment at Sony, hopefully he'll have all the time he needs to make the games perfect and as he envisions them.MGSV: The Phantom Pain is a great game, with an ok story.The End"
76561198081165968,Not Recommended,287700,20701165,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Tony_osu123,ive followed this game since mgs1 and i was ooo happy when i got my hands on this but the online sucks so bad!! i picked a enforcer and then next time i logged in i was a scout!! i know i was changed because my wepons are different
76561198034679750,Not Recommended,287700,20705345,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Skinom,"the game is amazing but it gets a little bit repetitive after a while the multiplayer is kinda broken and the fob system is a bit boring but besides that the game is pretty okthe bad thing or at least in my opinion is what happens with the story now spoiler free im just going to saychapter 2 and its ending is dissapointing as ♥♥♥♥ the only thing the ""great twist"" this game has does is kinda annoy you and make you feel the entire game was a waste and it takes all the emotion of playing with big boss again awayfinally the boss battles are god they are just not as good and dont have the decent amount of variety previous mgs games had lastly the game tries to have lots of replayability but it doesn'tjust play mgs3 its the best and if you worry about story just watch it on the internet or read it cause the price of this game its not worth it for the little amount of story it has"
,Not Recommended,287700,20713462,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Turquoise_Falcon,"This game is fun for the first few hours but once you get the hang of inflitrating an area and rescuing/killing a certain individual, everything gets really repetitive fast. They should have just ended the game after chapter 1 but they drag it on for a second one in which the storyline is incoherent and they even ripped out the third.I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,287700,20717886,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Ech-Stasis,"This game is not recommended since it is unfinished, but let me list some pros and cons first.[PROS:]- It's open world and has a sandbox feel to it. You can spend fifty to seventy-five hours playing this game and yet still not be finished with it.- It's story. The story in the beginning has a hard driving force behind it. It engages you and makes you want to continue playing.- The gameplay is pretty good. It's not the same feel as a traditional Metal Gear Game, but I guess Ground Zeroes was supposed to get you accustomed to this game.-  It's fun. You can spend many hours playing, and yet not know it.That's it for pros. There are other things that are good pros, but I just want to make a quick review[CONS:]- It's unfinished and feels rushed. This game was apparently supposed to have Five acts, but it only has Two acts.- Ending is locked by how much you actually cared about developing Mother Base facilities, and takes so long to unlock.- The story is a pretty big con. Once again, it's unfinished, as well as being uninspired for a Metal Gear game. There's a small amount of story content, but there is a lot of gameplay. Compared to MGS1, MGS2, MGS3, and MGS4, gameplay and story is not joined together as you would want.- The gameplay can get repetetive. It can consist of the same similar fetch quest over and over again, or kill this or kill that. If you don't like fetch quests, such as in Skyrim or Fallout, then you would not like this game.- The intro to free roam or a quest is the most boring thing ever. Who the hell wants to spend a minute in a helicopter every time you start a mission?- No Codec calls. Sure it's a small thing, but Codec calls were an integral part of the Metal Gear title.[NEUTRAL:]- Mr. Kojima?!?!?! He's in the game.- Enemies progressively get more and more armour throughout the game. I hate it, but it's not a bad concept.In the end, MGSV:TPP falls short of being a good Metal Gear game, but it's still an exceptional game. I cannot recommend it, since it is, for the last time, unfinished.Also, there should be a neutral option to steam reviews. That'd be great."
76561198021827563,Recommended,287700,20729177,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ro1andas,Best game :) Sad its last MGS :(
,Recommended,287700,20729627,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,PandaHeroCommunity [???],"Alright, i guess its time for me to finally put down an actual reviewfor this game after hours of playing my favorite franchise of all time......""It's Pretty Good."".......METAL GEAR SOLID 1 REMAKE IS IN THE WORKS, IT ALL STARTED BY A RANDOM DEVELOPER WHO WANTED TO RECREATE EVERYTHING FROM MGS1 AND NOW ITS FOR REAL, KONAMI & HIDEO KOJIMA WILL BE WORKING TOGETHER FOR TEMPORARY JUST TO MAKE THIS VERY GAME TO WORK AGAIN, AND IT WILL BE RELEASED VERY SOON!HERE IS THE TRAILER! GO WATCH IT AND TEAR UPBECAUSE ITS A LEGEND THAT LIVES ON TO MANY LIVES!SUCH A LUST FOR MEMORIES, -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWc2GNtBurY*WARNING THE ORIGINAL RECREATION OF THE WHOLE GAME MAPWAS NOT MADE BY KONAMI OR KOJIMA,IT WAS MADE BY A RANDOM DEVELOPER WHO WANTED TO RELIVE THE GAME IN A FIRST PERSON VIEW BECAUSE IT WAS MADE IN UNREAL ENGINE 3, BUT KONAMI & HIDEO HIMSELF WILL BE GOING BACK TO IT TO HELP REMAKING THIS VERY GAME AND OF COURSE MAKE IT RELEASED TO EVERY CONSOLES & PC'S IN EXISTANCE! ENJOY!**A slight note, the person who made the mapping and such was contacted by Konami themselves to ask assistance in the developement of the project, the game will be called Shadow Moses because there was already a HD remastered for MGS1 so they cannot call it a Remake rather just the name of the map instead, other than that enjoy!**I will remove this review once its out & make my own personal review for itas i am a true MGS Fan since birth,Have a good day!*[MGO - Metal Gear Online Issue's guide made by me]If you have any issues towards Metal Gear Onlinein regards of frame issues or crashing visit this guide!Crashing issues may be able to fix this so try it anyway!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=599531937"
,Recommended,287700,20730467,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Dr. Estus,Very good. Lots of fun. Doesn't HAVE to be played stealth. Story sucks but that really doesn't matter much.
,Recommended,287700,20731398,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,KThen,"For someone who is not clear of the storyline of Metal Gear Solid, here's my review on the intro.1. Damn long cutscenes.2. Plot twist.3. Epic cutscenes, still long though.4. Name doesn't matter.5. Face doesn't matter. Because SNAKE!6. Armies? wants me dead.7. Uhh... mutants? B.O.W.s? wants me dead.8. Whole world wants me dead, great, so that I can waste bullets on everythingI see.9. Whales.10. Horses.11. Unicorn?!12. Where's my tentacle hentai?!13. More coming soon.14. Hope these information does not help you make your choice, just STFU and buy it.Best stealth simulator 2015."
76561197987279541,Recommended,287700,20738405,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,AWPsune_miku,10/10 Would punch kids in the face again.
76561198109769986,Not Recommended,287700,20746918,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,swaqqnugget,Get the game for the singel player but god forbid you want to play mgo with your friends. The party system was implented only for the console plebs
76561198118451496,Recommended,287700,20748132,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,TubbyMicTub,Best action game of 2015!!!! Amazing optimation. 10/10
,Recommended,287700,20759533,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,fred,it's alright
,Recommended,287700,20784427,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SoyMilk,"Took down an entire enemy base, helicopters and tanks while listening to Take On Me.11/10 would include Kojima's name a couple of more time in the credits."
,Recommended,287700,20815228,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Oblivion2500,One of the greatest tactical stealth/action-adventure games ever played with one of the most well-written story for any video game in history. Big Boss approves of this game!
,Recommended,287700,20185902,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Soft,"This Game is A1This game is very underated, there is so much to do and customize. Storyline is amazing and its not hard on your computer at all, FPS is very smooth"
,Recommended,287700,20192236,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Irrumatio,"This game is a near-perfect simulation of stealth-incapacitating corrupt enemies during a secret high-tech war in 1980's Afghanistan with a nearly-naked woman sidekick sniper while listening to 80's greats like Billy Idol, A-Ha and David Bowie.Needless to say, I will probably be playing it for a long time"
76561197970621468,Recommended,287700,20193445,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,stevebond0077,"Even though it was not completed to the original vision, kojima and crew created an astounding game. Some of the best controls, gameplay freedom, and graphics I've ever experienced. Story is weak upfront, but tapes and some hidden cutscenes exdpand the backstory and key character motivations. Microtransition are unnessary and shoe horned in, but avoidable. I keep coming back to this game. :)"
,Recommended,287700,20212908,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shore Volker,"Great game, lots of ways to handle a situation. Much game content!"
76561198002042044,Recommended,287700,20244657,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mister Sprinkles,"This is the most polished, gorgeous, flawless game I have ever played. The production values are huge. The game runs beautifully. I can't recommend it enough. I'm 32 years old and I haven't really been ""hooked"" by a game in a long time. This game has totally hooked me. It's just spectacular. Totally sublime. I recommend it 3000%."
,Recommended,287700,20263973,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Catalyst,"SummaryYou'll have fun with the incredible game mechanics, upgrades, excellent story line, and Kojima humor. You'll likely sink 60-100+ hours into the game, so the cost per hour is fair even at launch price.Some problems with the game that you should be aware of before you continue, which I list below. Regardless, I recommend purchasing the game.Game Problems1. Significant drama between Kojima and Konami. The short version is Konami gave Kojima five years and a massive budget to create his magnum opus. The problem is he only created half of it. They canned him (or forced him to resign) after he was only able to deliver half the story line on time.2. Per drama above, it's worth noting this game is only half done. The first half of the game is absolutely incredible. You will be engaged the entire time. After 60 or so hours, the second half of the game begins. It has little to no story line, you only replay missions you've already played, get short story cinematics in periodically, and the ending is not meant to be the actual ending (Kojima didn't intend to cut the game short).3. Konami is trying to make this your typical ""pay to win"" game. You get a base in the game which you can interact with in multiplayer. Konami significantly limited the resources you can have in your base, rewards you attain, and made it much easier for others to steal your resources. But don't worry, you can pay Konami for base insurance, reduce building times, and other crud that Kojima didn't believe in.What Makes This A Solid PurchaseYou should still buy this game.If not for the game mechanics alone, here are some other reasons:1. I mentioned game mechanics: holy moly, is this game fun to play. You get a massive assortment of guns, companions, outfits, grenades, decoys, and so much more. At first it's difficult since you don't have much, but about 10-20 hours in you can afford some exciting gear. Audio is excellent: you'll come to greatly enjoy the sound of a headshot with your upgraded rifle, the boom of your armor-piercing sniper rifle, and the explosions from your rockets.2. The story line is well written. Kojima really did intend this to be his masterpiece, and it shows. The first half of the game will have you in a sickening trance. Plan on being hyperfocused by this game for a week or more. Notify your employer and/or significant other in advance.3. Multiplayer is exciting. Players you are invading can join the game and try to repel your invasion. It can lead to exciting circumstances. Base intrusion in general is a fun mechanic.4. Humor is on point. It's never overbearing, but every now and then you get a good chuckle out of the stuff Kojima put in the game.5. Again, you'll be putting 60-100 hours into this game. It just makes sense to pay for that amount of entertainment.6. Some of the best cinematics in a game I've ever seen. The first hour of the game is one big, engaging, ""holy crap this is happening"" cinematic.Buy itJust considernotsupporting Konami with in-app purchase money. This kind of game mechanic needs to die."
76561197971781636,Recommended,287700,20270433,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ralph_Wiggum,"Possibly my favourite game of all time!Metal Gear Solid 5 completely changes the stealth action formula, and while I was initially worried about the transition to open world, the game works so well in this element and kept me hooked during my time with it.the story can be a little bit of a let down, this is due to a significant less amount of cinematics (an issue in previous games for some people) but when cutscenes happen they are stunning, and look great on my rig.All in all this may be the last Hideo Kojima Metal Gear game, and while I am sad it ended with a lot of background issues between him and Konami, I am glad that the game is still so great regardless of this."
,Recommended,287700,20276330,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,bruh,the story is confusing as ♥♥♥♥ but the game overall is fantastic
,Recommended,287700,19253397,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Wispeh,"Mechanically, and gameplay-wise, easily one of the best games I have EVER played (up there with Shadow of the Collossus imo). Playing all of the previous games is not necessary, so only do so if you want to get the nice little reference here and there. Besides, most of the story for hardcore lore addicts is within cassette tapes. Gameplay is fantastic, but missions can get repetitive after a while. Best game. Tenouttaten."
76561198041201669,Recommended,287700,19315641,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Guhrant,"Hideo Kojima delivers yet another masterpiece that brings together James Bond-esque story and dialogue with decidedly 'Metal Gear' humor (If you're familiar with the series you'll know exactly what I'm talking about).  It's got great characters and dialogue, and a fantastic graphical presentation.  The controls are tight, and while I do recommend a gamepad, the keyboard and mouse controls aren't bad.  This is quickly becoming one of my favorite games ever.  Get it when you can."
76561198248288642,Recommended,287700,19329492,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,WalkerIGP,"Ah, the Metal Gear series.. sneaking into and out of bases like a ghosts.....fultoning everything in sight back to Mother Base.... DD the awesome dog companion......being chased through the countryside by a big !@$% Metal Gear.... wait, what!?!"
,Recommended,287700,19345015,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Drfizzman,43
76561198083184495,Recommended,287700,19373686,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Stoned2Death,"Runs very smoothly at 60 fps, the graphics and animations are great.The 3D ambiance from audio is really good although codecs could be better.Gameplay is deep, very entertaining and replayability is very high.Difficulty of the game is decided by the player, it can be a cake walk with super weapons and buddies or you can really challenge yourself going solo with minimal loadouts.The story would be meh decent as a standalone game but for a MGS game, it should be better. That's not to say you will not be entertained by the main missions but the brutal truth for most MGS fans.FOB(forward operating base) are sort of a PVP ""minigame"" which allow players to infiltrate and defend a base. Every player ends up building a FOB and filling it with resources and staff for defence. Other players can and will invade your FOB, take your staff and resources, and try to reach the core for a bonus but you can infiltrate them back. If an infiltrator is spotted by your staff then you get a chance to defend. This starts a sort of 1v1 PVP battle with the infiltrator at a major disadvantage. It is a very clever new type of gameplay and I am really enjoying the challenge of infiltrating and overkill of defending.All of that aside, MGO for PC comes out in Jan. and I would really encourage anyone who enjoys team shooting games and strategy to try it out."
,Recommended,287700,19385827,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,dex|,it's pretty good
,Recommended,287700,19472239,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Starbrizzle,"Great game with tight controls, immersive atmosphere, plenty of freedom, fun gameplay and lots of stuff to do. Despite this, be warned that the game is currently unfinished story-wise due to many reasons and the multiplayer mode, FOB Attack/Defense, is vulnerable to cheaters and Konami being greedy with DLC practices. Metal Gear Online for this game is suppposedly coming to PC in January or February. Once it releases this purchase will look even better. Hopefully it doesnt have the issues its having on the console versions, which are already playable.Overall, I'd say MGSV is worth the $45 or so you'd pay on sale. Only buy on sale, btw. Thanks for reading and screw Konami."
,Not Recommended,287700,19686293,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,B.A.W._Killer,"I have to down vote this game. There seems to be a shocking trend for big game cross platform developers to neglect keybinding in PC games. Some PC gamers have a setup that is not easy to remove a joystick for various reasons, joysticks are not easy to disable on a window system. These new games see joysicks as a gamepad and use buttons and any axis across any or all of the attached joysticks and disable the keyboard alltogether making the game unplayable. Simple fix is dont downgrade PC inputs to suit a 10-15 button gamepad."
,Recommended,287700,19816405,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Howell2010,"This is without a doubt my game of 2015 and really, one of my favorite games of all time.To date I've never experinced another game like it. Being able to manage a mercenary organization, customize your weapons, scope out enemy bases, infiltrate them however you want...It's so fantastic.You might get stuck in the mindset of tranq sniping guards from a distance and sneaking through bases, and get bored with that, but even during missions you can just drop a tank in and roll into enemy bases guns blazing if you so desire that. On hard missions where you keep messing up it's very cathartic to say ""Forget this, I'm just going in with a tank."" and being allowed to.It has it's problems though. For one, it's hard to call it a metal gear game. The story is visibly unfinished, and after the big bad is killed, the story just kind of peters out. Quiet (being the big controvery of the game) is actually an interesting character, but it's difficult to take her out on missions as every time you're in the chopper, and any cutscenes with her, the camera is focused square on her chest and butt, to an annoying degree, and I'm not even someone who gets offended at that. Kiefer Sutherland never feels right as big boss, and indeed you get the impression that you don't get a sense of big boss because Sutherland was too expensive to write many lines for, and the number of missions are dissapointing. I would have loved if there was a Substience and Total Stealth version of almost every mission, but alas, there are only a few.There are so many problems with this game, but it still ranks up as one of my best games of all time. Why? Because, despite all that annoying stuff, the bad stuff, when you're in Afghanistan, atop your white steed, scanning a nearby enemy outpost, none of that matters. It just feels so good.It's a shame it was unfinished and we'll never have another one.#♥♥♥♥onami"
,Recommended,287700,19857065,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Simo Häyhä.,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,287700,19948208,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Smift,"Worth the price, simple as.Great for newcomers to the series, good for Veterans, though for those who've played the other games it isn't what you're expecting. It won't have the pay off you maybe wanted or deserved but due to the amazing gameplay and some interesting independant story, you'll enjoy it."
76561198067601036,Recommended,287700,19985638,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Gold Cobra,"From someone who's played MGS 1, 2, & 3, I'm quite impressed with the gameplay. Because the world is pretty big, and the game isn't devided into separate maps, there's a lot of different methods to infiltrate, even though stealthy/non-lethal tactics are still much more rewarding (and more fun; after all, this isn't COD we're playing here). As far as MGS gimmicks go, the old cardboard box is there, but now this time you're able to slap on different posters for some funny effects. There's also the prosthetic hand, which can be modified into a taser or a flying rocket fist. And a lot more weapons that have already appeared in the previous MGS games of past, but this time you're able to customize various parts. Cool, but nothing special. Just like the other games, the only weapons I ever cared about were my trusty tranquilizer pistol, tranquilizer sniper rifle, silenced assault rifle, inflatable decoys, and a decent rocket launcher for the occasional mission or two.Probably the most defining gimmicky equipment of MGS V: TPP is the fulton extraction system, which essentially made the game almost feel like a Pokemon type of RPG for me in which I had to collect soldiers to level everything up. Initially I was EXTREMELY annoyed doing this, as MGS games I've played aren't defined by collecting soldiers out on the field but thinking of ways to take them down or sneaking past them. The good thing is though that as you go further into the game, you'll find that this process becomes automated and your own band of mercenaries will take care of this for you as you play the game. Once in a while you may spy on a soldier with some decent stats, so the game gives you some incentive to make you stray from your mission for an extra challence. Overall, fultoning (if that's a word) isn't that boring at all. You're neither encouraged or discouraged doing it, but just like comparing non-lethal and lethal, you may find yourself missing out on some rewards. The only real problem I have with it is that too many missions involve extracting prisoners using this method, and these aren't side missions, they're missions that are supposedly important to the central plot, however once you extract these said ""important prisoners"", save for around 3 or 4 of these prisoners, they're almost never heard of or mentioned again, which felt (now I don't want to say pointless, but) rather empty afterwards.As for the plot (don't worry, no spoilers), it's definitely the weakest out of all the 4 MGS games I've played now. Yes it's a lot darker than previous MGS games, the ol' Kojima plot twist is still there, and it's as good as ever. But just like the game is about phantom pains, there's just a whole lot of emptyness in the plot that had me disappointed by the time I finished the game. Snake is for the most part, a very quiet and reserved character unlike his previous iterations that almost felt like Master Chief from the Halo series. Part of this is due to codec conversations being reduced to nothing more than generic tips about various things in the game world (which makes every character who talks to you via coded a very boring character in this game. such a pity), and cutscenes in general being reduced. Character development is also something that is absent in the game; everyone is talking about how they're gonna get revenge, but nothing seems to really happen much between the very beginning and the very end of the game. Overall the plot just doesn't seem very focused at all; many a times you are sent on a mission to extract a prisoner or investigate this facility only to find out that many of these things might as well have been phantoms in relation to the central plot. Not to mention the almost-naked female who never talks but is only there because of ""reasons"". Again, everything just happens to have had so much potential to be the best MGS (story-wise) but the way the plot and all the major & minor characters and events seemed to lack so much focus, I am almost tempted to NOT recommend this game for the story.What does this look like for the future of MGS? Without Kojima, and with Konami just being annoying, the future looks very bleak, but here's to hoping for an MGS VI that can really further develop how Big Boss and his band of mercenaries give in to their evil nature and try to bring about chaos to the world. Would it also be too much to ask for a Metal Gear (not MGS) 1 & 2 remake? I'd LOVE to see the (Sutherland's) Big Boss and (David Hayter's) Solid Snake relationship develop further. If any game deserves a remake, it is those two games."
,Recommended,287700,19986208,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dylan,A strong finish to a strong series.
,Recommended,287700,20024740,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,gnexus,"Gameplay is rock solid. One of the best gaming experiences around.Story, however? It could be better. The mother base and infiltration stuff is a real chore. The ""end-game"" online/free roam is essentially just grinding, or using MB coins, to get the best upgrades for weapons.That's just nit-picking. If you're looking for a solid third person action game, this will keep you occupied for a very long while."
,Recommended,287700,20026070,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Cap'n Sir Myth The Third,Even with an entire chapter missing this game is still better than everything else that came out in 2015
76561197989247607,Recommended,287700,20167164,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Furyton,"Great Game in every aspect.9.696/100*96 or 9.6 means if you into video games then this is a no brainer must have.The developers have put all thier love into this so please pay  for the  wonderful game so we get more games of this caliber. (Witcher 3 , GTAV, MGsV are all labors of love and passion to the fanbase, please show them support from the PC platform.)"
,Recommended,287700,20202086,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,willyb321,"A Hideo Kojima GameIn all seriousness though, I did (and still do) very much enjoy playing MGSV, despite Konami's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttery."
,Recommended,287700,20203853,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jonathan Crane,This is the closest most gamers will ever get to real combat as a merc.With a cybernetic arm.While fighting a Guy on Fire.And wishing Mercenaries was still an active series.10/10. Would get shot again.
76561197966853168,Recommended,287700,20248902,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,adren,"I'm about 90hrs in and it's amazing. I'm biased as I have played every single one going back to the Nintendo days, yes even the PSP versions. It is my all time favorite series because of the stealth/espionage aspect mixed with a very deep in depth storyline. Every game pushes the limit of the system it's made for and in both gameplay and hardware. This game is no different. I bought a ton of games during the Black Friday and Holiday specials that I'm really excited about, but I can't get off of this game. I also don't feel rushed to hurry and complete it. I find myself replaying missions and side ops just to do it differently each time or spend numerous hours just walking around Mother Base looking for items and ... just because I can. I also sometimes just go to an area and move all around the map scouting for talent to build my forces up. I am normally way behind on games because of work and life and the fact that most games I only want to buy when they are on sale, however I am very thankful that I got into this game shortly after the release. I absolutely love it and can't wait for future expansions and DLC."
76561198060425410,Recommended,287700,20249890,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Toasty,I wish snakes were real :(
,Recommended,287700,20277003,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Buhdahl,Open world stealth perfected.
76561198004387029,Recommended,287700,20280043,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kraken,Great game with excellent combat and strategic aspects.  Emmersive story line that at times is hard to understand if you have not played the prior series.   Purchased this out of boredoom and I am gald I did--it has a lot more play options and game directions to explore than I expected.  My only issue was that late game play had an extreme focus on the use of stealth.
,Recommended,287700,20316751,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,drcru,WORDS THAT KILLA Hideo Kojima GameDeveloped by Hideo KojimaWritten by Hideo KojimaDirected by Hideo KojimaProduced by Hideo KojimaStarring Hideo Kojima
76561198025281691,Recommended,287700,19912479,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Archer,A great end to an amazing franchise. Its really too bad that this is the last Konami game i will ever buy. Cant wait to see what amazing games Kojima comes up with without Konami to hold him back
,Recommended,287700,19947686,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ryan,Do you like role-playing as Bill Cosby by drugging people and animals then taking them back to your place against their own will?If so this game is for you!
76561198092672045,Recommended,287700,20022090,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,AmericanArmor,-Enemy soldier-Prisoner-Goat-Zombie ghost mathingProblem? Fulton extract it.
,Recommended,287700,20101809,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Skuzzo,"A solid entry in the Metal Gear Solid franchise.  The story is just as outlandish and fun as you've come to expect from the series.  Also, there's something Pokémon-esque about building up Mother Base.  If you liked that aspect of Peace Walker, you're in for more of the same, but better.  It's a truly open-world Metal Gear experience.  Bonus points for D-Dog. =)"
,Recommended,287700,20165573,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kaz,A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME
76561198082324672,Recommended,287700,20178006,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,J.K.17,Fallouttan daha güzelDaha az bug varSenaryo kalitesi Allah katında.
76561198130211350,Recommended,287700,20181377,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ryejinn,My favourite game of 2015 hands down. Gameplay is fanominal and the story is great so an overall rating of 9.6/10
76561198202012844,Recommended,287700,20189369,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,schen0222,Quiet is hot
,Recommended,287700,20205880,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Niico,Open world and Metal Gear Solid...doesn't get much better.
,Recommended,287700,20209841,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,saiseiH,取得することが本当に価値があります！グラフィック実行がスムーズ！ゲームは私の誕生日に私に幸せな誕生日を希望完璧！:NA_Haku:
76561198082440294,Recommended,287700,20217200,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Van Darkholme,"""you're pretty good"""
,Recommended,287700,20218788,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,KAMEN TUTOR HURRICANE,I fully upgraded a water gun so I can squirt stuff into the enemy soldier's eyes. Was worth the resources.10 squirts/10
,Recommended,287700,20238659,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Milhouse,"GOTY 2015. Amazing PC port, M+KB is great, video options are great, Konami a♥♥♥♥♥♥tho. Not a great MGS starter point story-wise but what do you expect when it's the 8th game in the series."
,Recommended,287700,20239244,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ITS OCTOBER,"this is one of the most in depth games i have played, i have only had this game for a week and i have already put in 30+ hours and i see no end to its fun"
,Recommended,287700,20243224,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Qloodge,"This is the first Metal Gear Solid game I've played and I was not familiar with the story line nor the characters. I got the game on a whim based on the high review score. I played the small prequel game, Ground Zeros, first which was good because it set up the story. The Phantom Pain is a great game with some unique features that I have not seen in other games. It has a great story with a lot of things to do along the way. The game allows you a lot of freedom to chose your approach to missions. I really enjoyed the focus on non-lethal weapons and take downs and the game rewards you when you take that approach. But it is not required. If you're the blood thirsty kind, you can follow that path as well.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,287700,20244868,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jebus,"Masterpiece of a game the only real issue I had with is near the end and this is widely recognized, is that the game feels like it's story should have been worked on for longer... I mean there's a whole part of the game (still accessible in the games files) which could have made it into the game and made the game better is not in the game because the game was released but bad opinions aside this game has great micromanagement and plenty of ways to complete just a single task, lots of guides for those who are new to the franchise and best of all DD."
76561198095271325,Recommended,287700,20261478,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Raúl Ernesto Álvarez Guerrero,"Wow... i just don't know how to feel.The twist at the end was marvelous, yet the story was unfinished... you just know that they gave up on the game halfway through development.I believe it had the potential to be the best game of all time; really, i did think so.But the loose plot just broke my heart.Great gameplay, superb graphics, and a fantastic twistBut the plot..."
,Recommended,287700,20303466,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Minegarde,Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain offers a fantastic Metal Gear Solid open world experience. However I lost focus on the main story and found it hard to really care about main story quests when I started managing my base and finding higher quality soldiers for my ranks. Overall it is a great game that I enjoy playing and is a great installment in the Metal Gear Franchise.
76561198082134805,Recommended,287700,20310235,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,WaifusRpeople2,"Best & most smooth playing Metal Gear game in the series.Worst story detail in any Metal Gear game.Performce at 4k is a perfect 60 FPS with two 980's if you turn effects, AO and post processing down to high. (i7 4770k)A 750ti can run this at a steady 60 FPS in 1080p if you do the latter. (i5 4440)It's pretty amazingly optimized and is a hell of alot of fun to play, even more so when MGO is eventually released.Side ops and the silly animal collection thing are half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and don't really offer any great benefits to completing them. The FOB missions are fun for a while but can get boring quickly if you dont try different tactics to get better.It's not what i waited a couple years for, but it's still #AHideoKojimaGame"
,Recommended,287700,20331949,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,CATT MAN,THIS WHOLE GAME CONFUSES ME!!!But i love it.
76561198045318803,Recommended,287700,20331964,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,TheGunWizard,Crawl on the floor simulator. Also no way to change volume in-game.
,Recommended,287700,20341593,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ω General Har Ω,Kept you waiting Huh?
76561198122393852,Recommended,287700,20357785,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ChoclatMudBoy,Great game best pc port of the year hands down.
76561198039814471,Recommended,287700,20369548,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Willard,This was the first game I ever truly loved to play and experience
,Recommended,287700,20371161,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Riftvalley,Kidnap Simulator 2015
76561198148102646,Recommended,287700,20371309,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,VaderStorm,"Okay, its time for me to write a review of this.First of all I want to say that thanks to this game I became a fan of MGS series.At first I saw this game like a standart player. I looked at the graphics, gameplay,character and everything was new too me.Yeah I really liked it when I just started, than I started digging deeper into the series. I found out something new and interesting witch in fhe following brought my interest to this game even more. So i completed the story mode and I started to feel dissapointed...I've been missing something... Than I realised that this game is unfinished.At first i couldn't believe it: been completing SIDE OPS for 3 hours and nothing...no story missions appeared. It just ended when I had the most questions to this game...But I will quickly run through all the (+) & (-)(+)1.Very good optimisation,smooth gameplay.2.Graphics are amazing.3.Cutscenes gives you the feeling of watching a movie,very nice camera angles.4.Characters are emotional.You can see emotinos on their faces.5.Soundtracks leading the game were good6.The story idea was good7.Buddy system was a nice decision.(-)1.Game is not finished ( in my opinion).2.Missions offten are the same ( extract that,eliminate this and etc.)3.Enemies are dump and blind4.If enemy is shooting at you there is no effect on Snake ( it does damage but you need to take a whole clip until you die,you can simply run around by beeing hit,witch is nonsense in my opinion.CONCLUSIONMetal Gear Solid V is the best stealth game this year,open world makes game feel like FAR CRY or GTA,but millitary style.At the moment I am writing this review there is no MGO 3 on pc,but when it comes out, game might be worth buying for it.Personally I want too add that even that I'm not a big fan of these series, the end of it makes me cry...I just wish Konami would do all the old games remastered and give the chance for pc gamers to play the whole saga. But with Hideo Kojima out  most likely this will not happen...P.S. Sorry for grammar mistakes.Have a nice day."
76561198042954041,Recommended,287700,20403894,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Phixxe [TAGE],"Amazing sequel to the MGS franchise, for a number of reasons. Initially I was a bit sceptical, but after a few hours in game I remembered why I always loved the MGS series.The positives:- The storyline is epic, although sometimes it might feel a bit watered out if you go on a side-op binge, but as soon as you start digging into the main missions again you get rewarded by a great storyline with amazing cutscenes and dialouge.- The game manage to balance the line between sandbox and storyline- You can choose if you want to go stealthy or guns blazin depending on situation and mood- The sandboxesque setup of the game makes it both a great and immersive experience when you are in the mood for that, while also being a perfect game for a quick fix of actionThe negatives:- You are forced to deal with your FOB base quite excessively even if you don't want to - I get it, you want us to get into it, but I don't enjoy being forced to go through tutorials for something that I don't always want to invest time in.- Some management issues of mother base gets extremely tedious (like dealing with a certain outbreak)"
,Recommended,287700,20419786,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Matsemann,My game of the year for 2015!
,Recommended,287700,20428085,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Tipplenit,Good game
,Recommended,287700,20428942,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Redshirt,Otacon's dad's name is Retcon. This is canon. Start spreading it.
76561198267169485,Recommended,287700,20443698,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,raff_lowbow,Love it since MGS3
,Recommended,287700,20448391,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Black hat,holly♥♥♥♥♥
76561198094067066,Recommended,287700,20460508,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,OptimisticMelvin,Big Boss makes Rambo look like Dora the Explorer
,Recommended,287700,20461805,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Raum,"Metal Gear Solid V is possibly the most disappointing video game I have ever played in my entire gaming career. MGSV is not a bad game, not by any means, and in fact most of the game is fantastic.The Fox Engine is absolutely brilliant, through and through. It runs amazingly smoothly and in nearly 100 hours of gameplay I had zero crashes and only one minor FPS oddity with thick dust/smoke generated by vehicles driving or a certain buddy moving, but even then I had to position my camera directly in the middle of said dust and smoke in order to feel any kind of drop. This entire engine feels amazing, and it runs disgustingly well. My very old i5-750 with a 4gb 6950 was able to run MGSV with mostly medium-high details. For a game that looks this good, this is ludicrous.The game controls like a dream. Although Snake was a tad clunky in Ground Zeroes (the prequel/introduction to this game), nearly every single control oddity has been erased in this game. Everything just flows, from combat to stealth to driving vehicles, it all feels fantastic. Nothing feels tacked on in the controls, and there are tons of options for controlling Snake. Kojipro went above and beyond in this department, and their maturity and experience with the genre shows.The gameplay itself is rather excellent, with a few sore points. MGSV is the clear evolution of the MGS series; each MGS game moved forward with complexity in stealth gameplay, with MGS1 featuring mostly closed interiors and not too many open outdoor areas, MGS2 giving you much wider spaces to sneak through, MGS3 moving on to giving you multiple unique outdoor areas in a jungle to sneak through, MGS4 moving you through gigantic battlefields, and MGSV gives you an entire open world to explore as you choose.There are a staggering amount of options for stealth in this game, and the game is so well designed that if you want to forgo stealth entirely and play this as a third person action shooter, you can succeed in that regard as well. You can call in helicopter support, bombardment, drive a tank, drive jeeps, drive APCs, use AA guns to shoot down helicopters, and there are four distinct buddies that you can choose from. You can customize every weapon with all sorts of options, from adding silencers to changing the stock to altering the kind of ammo it takes. You can destroy enemy AA equipment so you can call in helicopter support closer to where your mission is. The enemies will dynamically react to how you sneak in to bases; if you go for a lot of long range sniping and headshots, they'll put more snipers of their own within bases and equip their soldiers with helmets; if you sneak in through a particular route to one base often, they'll plant landmines; if you come in at night often, they'll equip night vision goggles and flashlights; and I could go on and on in this department.I had some amazing gameplay moments; one that sticks out in particular was a certain mission where I had to escape with a batch of prisoners while carrying one injured one. I was discovered near the end of my escape route and called in my helicopter early to provide covering fire. I took cover and pulled out my assault rifle and started providing covering fire. The enemy launched a flare over my position and started trying to hit us with mortars, and I barely got away. I was the last one in the helicopter and I had to fight the enemy off with the helicopter minigun while we flew away.To say the least, this is the kind of game we probably all dreamed of playing when we were younger. I haven't even touched upon Mother Base, the gigantic series of ocean struts you can construct, or the huge number of research items to develop, working on bonds with your buddies, the zoo you can build, managing your personnel for maximum efficiency, the side operations you can conduct, or even the controversial multiplayer where you can invade other players and steal their staff and resources. There is not enough space in the Steam review box to touch upon every single thing this game has.So why is this the most disappointing game I have ever played?I've been a Metal Gear Solid fan for my entire life, and to see this be the conclusion of the series is depressing. As you may know, there was some kind of drama between Kojipro and Konami while this game was developing, and it appears that the game was pushed out a little too early. There is a lot of cut content people have datamined, and the story is full of plot holes and problems. This game is somewhat of a prequel to MGS1/2, and it is supposed to bring the full MGS saga full circle, but it mostly fails. The mission objectives get a bit repetitive, and the entire game falls apart in chapter 2. The game ends without fully explaining itself, and most of the mystery and plot points are explained away with cassette tapes that all sound something like this:""Boss, about that major plot point we introduced awhile ago... here's an unsatisfying explanation that covers most of the bases.""The writing is mostly there, and it feels like an MGS game, but it just doesn't succeed at being a good MGS game.This is an absolutely fantastic video game, but a sad MGS game, and it is unfortunate that this is how the series ends. I still vouch that this is an incredible experience, and my hours played are not a lie, but there is something missing in this game, and I'm not exactly sure what it is."
76561198064313432,Recommended,287700,20468880,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Aozaki.ダメダメよ～,"Even this game is not finished sadly, this is still the one of the best games in 2015!Thanks you Kojima."
76561198034281534,Recommended,287700,20473477,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Boris,best game of 2015
,Recommended,287700,20481818,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,sokZ,quiet has nice boobs and eli is child snake so frick
,Recommended,287700,20484762,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Lister of Smeg,Terrorising the Middle East and Africa in a chopper blasting Team America's theme is only slightly more dickish than rocket punching a guy in the nuts so he can wake up in the stratosphere tied to a balloon. 10/10 would liberate again. I just wish that the Creator had put his name on here somewhere so I knew who to give credit to.
,Not Recommended,287700,20485450,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Kleshtrem,"i wanted to love this game but ended up hating it... the hype around it, the trailers, everything looked so good. everything was so promising, yet it was not only a disappointment but a slap in the face. dead characters, dead story, deep gameplay in a shallow and uninspired constantly repeating world, horrible dramaturgy and the lack of sensation one gets when playing a real metal gear solid game. i even had more metal gear vibes in MTR: Revengeance.on the other hand, MGS:V manages to perfectly capture the desolation, soluitude and the feeling of beeing lost even missheared, permanently. a masterpiece of meta-storytelling that makes you feel miserable once you're done with it. you become the phantom after this game. you are big boss. ugh..."
76561198077242360,Not Recommended,287700,20492528,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,U WOT M8?,Major dissapointment.
76561198272431684,Recommended,287700,20507531,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,CampusCoon,"Great game, however gameplay does become very repetitive once you get towards 50% completion."
,Recommended,287700,20511364,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Rebel Wolf,like the game... however i bought it under th impression that there would eb a multiplayer version realesed for pc in january... hasnt happened yet... still a good game... but if u want multiplayer go with arma.
76561197970685333,Recommended,287700,20521227,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,DeepBlue,Top-notch gameplay with familiar MGS awesomeness.
76561198216723381,Recommended,287700,20522815,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,alhalabi.game,the best game I ever played on pc
76561198275008848,Recommended,287700,20524168,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,KingBalla330,Great stealthy game
,Recommended,287700,20526096,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,ＭｅｌｏｎＺ,"Right to start off the review, I wouldn't rate the story of this metal gear as high as the others. But the gameplay on the other hand it is great!Story~~ 7/10Like I said at the start the story really isn't as good as it was in the past. (due to really high expectations) but was still enough for me to want to play through the main story.The voice acting was done well by most if not all the characters as it should be expected of a metal gear game. Though as much as any other metal gear fan, I was somewhat sad that our belovid David Hayter was unable to voice Snake, but I was able to get used to Kiefer sutherland.(People just over reacted)Back to the story there could have been alot more cut scenes used in this game honestly, compared to the other metal gear games the cut scenes seemed like a short animated adventure.The attempted plot twist was really, really underwhelming. Pretty sure they ruined it before the game even came outthose trailers and gameplay demos reall do give away alot, Spoiler>>.and lets be honest I think everyone on knew ishmael was THE snake.Gameplay~~ 9/10The game play feels smooth and I never get fps drops. I can't really say much against the gameplay mechanics of mgsV. Bur there is one thing inparticular that really rustled my jimmies. the CQC system, in ground zereos it really felt like you had control, you could hit the enemy 2 times move and hit them more. the problem with TPP is that when you hit the enemy once or twice you have to wait untill the animation has finished to be able to move again. Really took away alot of depth when it came to close combat with enemies. All else feels smooth other than the menus can feel like a fight at times as if you press something accidentaly you might spend a bit of time trying to get everything back to normal.I would take note that the use of a flash light becomes near to useless. as after leveling your nVg goggles 1 or two levels you can probably complete a whole mission with 2 charges of it even then the enviroment is bright enough fo that not to matter.FOB~~ 6/10As much as I invested atleast 30hrs into FOB I really wish I didn't it just is not as fun as I hoepd it to be.It feels like a very closed system where you have a few presets, (or the indepth set ups but honestly doesn't make any difference) such as *Snipers* *boomstick shotgun ♥♥♥♥s* *Rifles* which I stuck with for most of my platforms.Speaking of, Building platforms is worth it to gain more staff room or get more recources. Also building aditionalplatforms makes it more difficult for attackers to win as they have to pass more platforms to reach the core.I found FOB really frustrating though when I actually tried to hit the top spots which I reach the top 1000 at some point.Anyhow I lost a game due to a stupid thing the AI did which took away 3000 ♥♥♥♥ing points. this pretty much guaranteed me to rank down, unless I was planning to grind all the way back up.Also it seemed most of the time players never come to defend their FOB's which took so much fun out of the FOB aspect.MGO3(multiplayer)~~ 8/10I'll keep this one short as I will update it after I get more hours into the multiplayer aspect of mgs.To start don't expect tactical gameplay (as seen in the trailers) on the exception of cloaked in dagger which has somewhat of a tactical feel to it. but the other games modes are a free for all shoot out. or a choke fest but so far everyone is pretty bad at the game on the exeption of the people who played MGO/MGO2. This is to be expected with a new launch so good players work fast before people learn to play. There are extremely OP weapons which i will not mention. the cloaked class is also really op during night especially as they are near impossible to see. The weapons are really fun to use as long as you take sometime and not spray like a mad man. switching between FP view and TP view feels responsive(as the rest of the controls in game) and smooth without giving you a headache trying to figure♥♥♥♥♥♥out.Overall score~~ 8/10I recommend this game and that is all that I really need to say here is a TLDR for people who want a fast run down.TL;DR~~STORYis OK not the biggest purchase point.  GAMEPLAYFast, responsive and smooth I would say nearly perfect.  FOBBoring Not really worth using.  MGO3Great action recommend playing it alot. It will extend game life by a huge amount."
,Recommended,287700,20551345,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Zealot,"Christ, what an adventure it was getting to the point where I finally felt satisfied and like I'd touched on everything the game had to offer. This is easily one of the best games in recent time, although for a couple of reasons isn't quite the pinnacle of the MGS series - mainly story.The gameplay is absolutely spot on. Any approach works, and there's tons and tons of room for you to play around and tackle missions as you see fit. Plenty of places to climb around on, up, etc - including cracks in walls which can be scaled and always seem to be in the right places when you least expect them. The controls are so intuitive it's the best description of 'second nature' I can think of, and the gunplay doesn't feel tacked on at all. Guns are all animated differently, customizable, and various calibers have different weights to them when you actually shoot somebody. Enemies will grasp at their wounds, fall over and writhe on the ground, sometimes try and shoot you with their dying breath - it's a blast!You have absolute freedom in the world, and the variety of tools in your arsenal are excellent. This is further enhanced by the addition of a buddy system, giving you a choice between companions of varying strengths and abilities. You can take your trusty horse to speed along ground travel, or defecate on command to distract enemeis. You can take D-Dog who'll sniff out opponents, incapacitate them, and fulton them out of the combat zone. He also likes to sneak along with you too, which is interesting when you compare it to the Fallout series where Dogmeat is nothing more than a victim of a vicious beating to the skull. My favorite ended up being Quiet, the obvious fan service add in, because she was excellent for spotting enemies and providing fire support with incredible efficiency. Despite saying essentially nothing, it's weird how you end up drawn in by her and Snake's little relationship. There's also a mech walker you can ride around and fight on, which is kind of cool but rather soulless and bland.The story was pretty traditional, rendered in modern day HD goodness, and as a whole is rather enjoyable and interesting as it plays out. My main gripe is that the majority of character development took place over cassette tapes, which while being fun to listen to and a relaxing way to hear some story related goodness, ended up lacking in comparison with proper cutscenes. Furthermore, the story ends rather abruptly... But it doesn't, not really. You beat old Skullface and the likes, but are then left to tie up loose ends. This wasn't all bad, as you were rewarded with further chunks of story and some cutscenes, but they felt very out of place and tacked on, ultimately feeling rather devoid of any ultimate purpose other than to try and flesh the game out as an afterthought.I'd suggest this game for anybody looking for an excellent example of what games today should be as far as quality is concerned, a few story related gripes aside. It's absolutely incredible."
,Recommended,287700,20573328,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Hurricane,The Best.......
76561198054508350,Recommended,287700,20596345,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,hippyxcore,"After pumping in over 80 hours of gameplay, I can firmly say that this Metal Gear entry was good but not perfect.Pros++ Controls+ Freedom to do missions in any manner of your choosing+ Optimization for good and bad PC's+ AI is good+ Gun Selection and customization+Hideo Kojima as a DD member+ Waifu QuietPro/Con +-+- The story, it was good but you can tell that it wasn't finished. Only 2 Chapters long a total of 50 missions, but majority of said missions are repeats (example: Extract this prisoner, Blow these vehicles up, Steal this document) The rest are replays of the same mission either being Subsistence, Extreme or Total Stealth mode. It sucks that there couldn't be more story to Characters such as Huey, or what becomes of cipher. Side ops are extremely boring as they are the definition of repetition.Cons-- Waiting times. I get it, you have to wait for a high tier weapon to develope, but 36 minutes or more is too long. Especially if the mission you need that weapon for has to develope first or hope you can complete it without it.- Penalty galore. So you fought off all the skulls and are introduced to the parasyte armor? Too bad you can't use the stealth camo from the parasyte armor or it reduces your rank for the mission. Oh, you're told that you can call in air strikes, call in a attack chopper or even change the weather to aid you. Too bad that also lowers your rank. I beat the whole game without ever calling in for any support- No mod support. This is a tricky one as you can get mods, but you ust becareful as Konami will ban you from the game if certain mods are installed ( I do not know what would cause this as I have not modded the game)- D Dogs AI. He gets in your way a lot.All in all I did enjoy the game, some of my answers about big boss and the MG universe in general was answered. I believe more could have been explained, but as we all know thats Konami's fault. Can't wait for the official release of MGO3.Final verdict8.5/10"
76561197979095986,Recommended,287700,20604989,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Sgt. Rock,"About twenty years ago, I skipped work for almost a week to play Metal Gear: Solid. I Fully intend to do the same again. Thank you, Mr. Kojima for putting me back into the shoes of my youth!"
,Recommended,287700,20605716,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,comc909,Listened to a guy take a crap while sneaking up on an outpost with a tank and succesfully took the outpost without being spotted
76561197984896628,Not Recommended,287700,20612684,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,DeargSleepyFox,"Graphics: =), Sound: =), Control: =/, FunFactor: -_-zz, Challenge: ADJOW: RepetitiveRecommendation: Get it on sale."
76561198184317551,Recommended,287700,20619492,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,mikeszollosi,i have 170 hours played on this game. first metal gear game played. sad i didnt get GZ beforehand. regardless of not wanting to support games like that(only reason i never bought it) but yeah from a brand new MG player gettttt thissss ♥♥♥♥♥tttt like yesterday
76561198065989314,Recommended,287700,20620589,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,DragonKingAnthony,I really love the franchise and this is a great addition to it!
76561198086156635,Recommended,287700,20630568,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Big Boss,"Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain was my most anticipated game of all time. And I am happy to say that this game not only fufilled my expectations, but exceeded past them. Metal Gear Solid V is a freakin Masterpiece. And I'll show you why:Pros:- A rich and beautiful open world.- Graphics that scream next-gen.- Story was fun and enteraining. (At least for chapter 1)- Tons of custimization. From Mother Base, To your loadout, To even your Guns. (If you complete a certain side quest.)- Side quests are plentiful and fun.- Rocket Arm is hilarious to use:)- Big Boss makes an epic return to the franchise.- PC Port is the best optimized port I've ever seen.- Metal Gear Online is fun and rewarding with multiple playstyles. (Besides a few server issues)- Avatar creator is deep and entertaining. (I easily spent an hour making mine.)- Skull Face is an awesome cowboyish villian.- Hideo Kojima makes a cameo.- Its a freakin Metal Gear.With all these pro's I was quite suprised to even find one flaw. But there are couple:Cons:- Chapter 2 is complete Garbage- Metal Gear Online server issues- Come on Konomi! Where's Chapter 3!?Besides these gripes, This game will overwhelm you with content and will make you feel like a boss all over again. A wonderful ending to Kojima's franchise. Easily worth the wait.Final Verdict: 10/10 Would Fulton Sheep again.A Hideo Kojima Game."
,Recommended,287700,20630587,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Stayz,"Gr8 game m8People who hate and write negative reviews are the kids who think only about the cinematic story and sub par gameplay.I prefer the subpar story, and one of the best engine, gameplay experience I've ever had in my entire life."
76561198165365011,Recommended,287700,20631601,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Zanchion,Great Game!
,Recommended,287700,20634149,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Shadow_Jesus,"first metal gear game ive ever played and i am very suprised at the mechanics of the game, the gun play, and the story (im pretty sure most people will disagree with me on that last one)"
76561198176768418,Recommended,287700,20654360,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,🌊Dylan🌊,This is a great game it is great. If you like great games get this great game. This is great. I rate this game 28/8
,Recommended,287700,20659505,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,The Silver One,Choking your men makes them happy. 10/10 best BDSM simulator on the market.
76561198047556506,Not Recommended,287700,20660337,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,DarkMtr,For me this game is the biggest dissapointment of the year. Boring Setting. Boring Quest. I Couldnt bring myself to play more than 15 hours.Was a big fand of MSG 1 - 4 bud this game has nothing to do with those games. There are no cool bosses. No Story that keeps you on the edge of your seed. Just Sandbox boredomness.
,Recommended,287700,20676093,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Primera,"So Hideo Kojima made his move. The last Metal Gear is so Bigbossable. Words that kill, would I speak them to you. The first you need to know: Kazuhira Miller in original Japaneese version voiced by Sakata Gintoki (Shiroyasha). The sins never die. We also got some Raiden armor for FOB to capture staff. Psycho Mantis probably won't make your ps1 controller vibrate like he did it before. In fact there is something wrong with snake, but every1 already know about the Man who sold the world. This is Venom Snake to Major Tom, From now on, I'm Big boss. Well Chico is dead, and no more Amanda in a medical bay, but we got a new♥♥♥♥♥walkin waifu. Outer Heaven awaits, this is our new home. We're motherfugin Diamond Dogz. Smoke weed everyday. Come, See, Fulton."
76561198039332362,Recommended,287700,20690175,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Lukesky36,Good Game Story was lacking at the end but loved everything else i beat all the missions on this game and it taken me 140-150 hours too complete all the main and side quests why did i do it who knows did i care about them? No
76561198045121503,Recommended,287700,20692094,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Spectacular Taco-Man,Also known as Metal Gear the Fulton Pain
,Recommended,287700,20695177,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,FeeAC,Ive spent hundreds of hours on this game and there is still so much unexplored content to experienceGreat game!
76561198013673401,Recommended,287700,20710622,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,trashman,WOOOO-AH HERE SHE COMESWATCH OUT BOISHE'LL CHEW YOU UPP.s #♥♥♥♥onami
76561198021762199,Recommended,287700,20377723,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,vipjason,Best game every made. It's FUN to play. Even better then the Witcher 3.
76561198073890989,Recommended,287700,20378955,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Tequilero,"Well, I'm 21hrs in... This is the first MGS game I have played at the age of 32. How stupid I have been. This is great - Ninjing around the place. I'm sure It will take me a long time to complete and even longer to get in to the true stealth mentality. But I will enjoy every second of it.Pros are all very well documented on previous reviews, but:Game engine is bloody smooth - never stutters.Its weird as♥♥♥♥♥♥if you dont know other MGS games.Its awesome.Cons: I'm sure it adds to the challenge (and that may well be the point), but not being able to save progress mid mission is a really♥♥♥♥♥♥punch.I'm going to stop typing and get back to Mother Base"
,Not Recommended,287700,20390408,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Eric Pickles,"Mixed feelings.The story isn't even half finished, it's clear based on this game and murmerings of goings on in Konami that this game was rushed out part way through production to meet a deadline. The ending is argubly missing. The story when it is there is really sub-par for what I generally expect from a MGS game.The missions accompanying the missing half of the story are also missing, leaving a huge yawning gap of gameplay.Having said all this, the combat itself is pretty damn sweet (and I'd have loved to done more of it, oh well). I'd love to give this a sideways thumb, but steam only lets you give it a tumbs up or down. After much fretting, the game is too dissapointing to thumbs-up."
76561198046041372,Recommended,287700,20390925,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,scryingblind,"MGS V TPP is an amazingly fun and beautiful game. Its open world and less linear than the rest of the series. This allows for many more approaches to situations and more on-the-fly changes in strategies. This game is pretty expansive. It will provide weeks of entertanment, easily. The first opening scene/mission I think took me close to an hour and it was so well written and designed. It was exciting and fun and I loved every second of it. The rest of your missions wont be that long although some come close.The game is broken down into missions that you choose to accept. You can do side quests whenever you like. You arent forced into primary story mode or anything like that. You have a chopped that will pick you up anywhere and drop you anywhere across Africa and Afganistan. So you have two pretty expansive open world maps to work with. Again, these maps are huge and extremely well designed. On these missions you can take your choice of 1 of 4 buddies and you can have another buddy replace your current  one mid-mission if you want by having them extracted/airdropped as you see fit.The number one reason to play this game is Quiet. She is easily my 2nd favorite side-kick next to Elizabeth from Bioshock Infinite."
,Recommended,287700,20396530,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Moh.,"This game is wonderful . i understand why some die hard fans of the series are not satisfied with it , but as an old fan of this series it was a wonderful , heart aching experience ..i played the old metal gear solid on PS1 and the ones that came on PS2 and then i lost interest , it was hard getting these games in egypt and i was young with no money back then . I thought that i wouldn't enjoy this game because i didn't play many parts of it , but Konami did a wonderful job in this , you'll easily catch up most of the incidents of the series along whle playing , the next part coming out is certainly on my to buy list .great game play , nice graphics ,  wonderful storyline .. the second outbreak mission still haunts me till today ..you won't regret buying this ."
