user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,287840,18119540,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"The perfect word that comes to mind with TY 4 is the same word for the Rocket Knight reboot: Bittersweet.If you are a die-hard fan, you'll probably put up with this game's more glaring issues. This game is not bad; it's very derivative of the genre and mediocre as a result, which is sad because I am going to suggest some ideas that might have had better execution.At the end of the day, people will ultimately forget TY 4 now that Krome has started remastering the first three games on Steam. Funding TY 1 - 3 is what the game will be remembered for what it did right.Proof of claim:http://prntscr.com/8g2dog(In response to a post about an HD collection. TY 1 is now put through Early Access on Steam.)TY 4 Really Isn't the Next SequelThis game was originally the Ty the Tasmanian Tiger (10th Anniv) on Windows 8's store and released in 2013. Why the devs decided to call this game the fourth game, I don't know. The cynic in me says hype and marketing.They could've easily made this game a spin-off title. But that might confuse new people (and yet the plot and the title number 4 will confuse anyone who hasn't played the games). So, the only reason I can think of is because this game takes place after 3, thus it's called 4. (That or the GBA games.)Looks the Same, But Doesn't Feel the SameFirst off, I want to make this distinction: The art of Ty 4 is great, the animation is average. And I think a lot of the gameplay refinements are lacking because of the animation quality. Ty 4 keeps the aesthetics that fits the series.However, unlike say the spin-off 2D Rayman games, the animation is (or looks like) tweening (moving parts of a still image). This is why the animation looks stiff when you throw your boomerangs or when you swim your whole character moves up and down, not rotating. It makes the game feel stiff when the controls are decent. As a result, the game plays like something I'd find on a site like Newgrounds.If you don't know what I'm talking about, compare Ty 4 to Rayman here:https://31.media.tumblr.com/3fd0792f9289cf903259dc5fa4e78cf5/tumblr_nk4ozy4YWs1tv9q1qo1_400.gifOf course UbiArt has a lot more production value behind them than Krome Studios nowadays. That is why the game was made in 2D. I'm not saying the game is bad because it's not pretty enough.My point is that Ty 4 has competition that offers more visual fidelity, so if they want to grab people's attention they have to do something better, namely gameplay.A Dimension Lost, Nothing GainedWhich leads me to my biggest problem of the game, there's nothing innovative of its gameplay to warrant a 2D return. There are no unique 2D mechanics or gameplay elements added in to Ty's formula. You still play the same character with the same glide and throw abilities, just in another dimension.For some fans, that's enough to buy the game; for newcomers, it'll feel like a shallow experience and this game shouldn't be your first exposure to the series.I don't want to keep mentioning Rayman, but I want to illustrate a point: When Rayman came back to 2D, they added in an ability he couldn't have in the 3D games, wall-running. Not only would that be a camera issue for 3D but it'd probably break the game as a result. In 2D, however, the mechanic was easily implented in the level-design.This game needed to do something similar. Either new mechanics or make Ty fit a new genre to make his 2D re-debut familiar and interesting to fans, and something worth playing for new players. And what confuses me is that they didn't make this game into a Metroidvania title.Take, for example, the boomerang system. You are given three plot-specific boomerangs that are needed for the main-fetch quests (Fire, Ice and Shock). They are used to break down their opposite-elemental barrier or interact with an object, and even then they're more often for extra collectables.The only time this mechanic ever becomes interesting is when you use the Blizzard Rang to freeze a log on a waterfall to make a platform. The game needed more creative uses for these plot-boomerangs, as well as the other ones, if they wanted to make them more enjoyable.Besides the given ones, there are also purchasable boomerangs (in-game purchases, not real) that give you some benefits. Some more useful than others, while others entirely useless.You have four or five boomerangs for fighting. The Chaos Boomerang is my personal favorite as it explodes most annoying enemies and takes out multiple enemies with each throw. (It's also between Fire and Ice, which is easy to switch out.) Out of all of the bonus boomerangs, the Cryptic Boomerang is the only one you need to care about (if you want to 100% this game). It lets you find hidden platforms, which you cannot jump on without equiping them even if you know they are there.All these boomerangs feel added in for flavoring, and you only need to buy them once. They're always in your inventory.But imagine if the game had open-ended level-design on a 2D environment that required you to EARN those Boomerangs (like the Thundereggs in Ty 1) and then you needed to use those new boomerangs to unlock more with the rewards steadily getting better and more interesting. (Ex. Strider)Or what if those extra boomerangs were purchasable and you could choose which ones you wanted and it'd shape your experience every time you played, and they had not one or two uses but influenced the bosses you fought or created new types of platforms as a result (i.e. the frozen log)? (Ex. Mega Man or Shovel Knight)Or what if you had different playable characters (not skins for fans) that had unique abilities and the game required synergy between the team to get through tough obstacles or challenges, which could also be used to traverse the 2D open landscape? (Ex. Castlevania 3) [By the way, I liked all the skins they included; it's cool to have options, I just wished they added replayability.]All of these ideas are off the top of my head, and any one of them could've made this game more memorable or worth the transition.A Platformer By Any Other NameI wasn't expecting anything genre-breaking or the second coming from this game, but I expected something to keep me going besides my nostalgia alone.The game is a platformer without real punishment. You have infinite lives, you can take multiple hits, you get tons of spawn-points, and there's not even a score-system for superficial punishment. The only thing you lose is time, and the game likes to pad itself out in that regards.The levels are always ""Do Something"" three times as separate areas with meaningless side-objectives and extra collectibles for only bragging rights. The collectibles do not unlock anything special, and they're not required unless it's the main objective.The boss-fights are just there. First one had me stuck because I forgot about the power-attack, but the rest were more obvious. (That final room where you fight Cass is annoying because as the screen rotates you can't easily tell if you can stand where you are or if you'll just fall to the other side of the screen).I won't touch on the story because it makes no sense to someone who has played only the first game. (Why does Boss Cass hire Kangeroos if he wants to destroy all mammals?)Needs More PolishTy's hitbox is unclear at times. (Especially on the whale)Stiff movementIf the platform moves fast enough, Ty will slide off his own.When you pick stuff up, Ty can still be hit.Enemies go through the walls on land and sea, sometimes hidden in the background. (Like NES games.) Your attacks do not.SFX on Boomerangs and enemies can be ear-grating. (Same sound effect)Crickey, Ty gets more knockback than me!"
76561198091466748,Recommended,287840,18076979,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Rosslefrancais,"I mean, I bought it in the hopes Krome could get enough money to port Ty 1 through 3. Had fun too. Good little game."
,Recommended,287840,18078010,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Sam,Brings back so many memories of TY from days on the Playstation 2. This is a must buy for anyone that played the original games and indeed anyone else interested in buying a truly fantastic 2D platformer. I hope you guys get the funding you need to port the original trilogy to PC so I can replay some of the best games I've ever played.If for any reason you don't reach your goal please put this on kickstarter and I for one would gladly donate to it.
76561198117541472,Recommended,287840,18631468,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Sigma-Bot,"To put it simply, Its a good platformer for the price.Buy it so we can have 1,2,3 Steam Release pls"
,Recommended,287840,18076668,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Bumsy,"This is a great game! Although it lacks the 3D from the previous 3 games from the series, it makes up for it in fun and addictive gameplay. This is a great game to welcome TY to the new generation of gaming and will hopefully be a way to welcome the other 3 games into the digital age."
,Recommended,287840,18077892,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Cheesy Ball Fro,"Great nostalgia right here! Not only does this serve as a great homage to the previes Ty Trilogy, but it also serves as a great standalone experience. Addictive gameplay and great music combine to make this brilliant for the price!Hopefully it will comercially do reasonably well so to serve as a trigger to the release of the original trilogy on steam. As someone who grew up playing those games, it'd be amazing to get to experience them again (without having to rebuy a PS2).Thanks a lot Krome Studios, not only for releasing this sleeper hit (for a great price), but also for creating my favourite games of my childhood.Hopefully you will get the recognition you guys deserve!"
,Recommended,287840,18139319,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Ev,"I bought this game for two reasons. 1) I love Ty the Tasmanian Tiger, and 2) because I wanted to support the devs so they have the money to port over the first three Ty games to steam, which would then hopefully lead to a Ty 5.This game isn't particularly long or overly difficult. However it's a very fun and beautiful platformer with a good little story. The background music is awesome as always. The controls are solid, the movements are nice and smooth. It's only crashed once for me, and besides that, no there have been no bugs that I've seen.I've got about 12 hours on record, which is how long it took me to complete the overall story, then go back and get all collectables and achievements.The art in this game is very nicely done. I love the art style. This is the reason I want to work with art in game design, because you can create endearing worlds and characters such as this.I would recommend playing it, even if you're not a huge Ty fan or haven't heard of him. It's not a huge investment, only $6, so if it turns out it's not for you, not a huge loss."
,Recommended,287840,18091876,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Foxy the Milf Hunter,TY was a good friend of mine back when i was playing it on PS2 and gameboy and i saw it on steam i didnt have a way to add money so i sold my cs:go skins i did it for you TY and it was worth it
76561198039928209,Recommended,287840,18137061,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,SLaSHeR,brings back my childhood games. I love Ty Finally get to play again after all these years even with it being i side scroller still very good game and brings back lots of mems please make the Ty collection I want this.
,Recommended,287840,18139396,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,The Sightless Swordsman,"In my gaming generation, everyone played Mario, Spyro, Banjo, Rayman, and so on when they were kids.  As a result, everyone looks back at those games with a nostalgic smile.  Many of those games are widely loved by nearly everyone.But not by me.  I never played any of those.What I did have was Ty.From the very beginning, I've been the type of gamer who plays a small number of games a lot rather than a large number of games a little.  An early memory I have is being in the game store.  I could only get one game, but I held two in my hands.  Rayman, and Ty the Tasmanian Tiger.  Eventually, I got Ty.  No surprises there.I absolutely loved it.  It was one of my first games, and was my favorite game.  I even got my friends across the street into it.  I eventually beat it, though I have to admit, it was with the help of cheat codes.  I was little, give me a break!Then I got the second one.  Played it a ton, and loved it just as much.  I was too young to fully comprehend the way open world games work at the time, too, so I progressed through the game just by wandering around, doing whatever missions I stumbled into.  However, I never finished it.  After a while, I just got tired of it and stopped playing.  I moved on, played other games, different consoles, and all that kind of stuff.Then last summer I decided to boot it up again.  It was time to beat it.  Now that I actually understood the way open world games worked, I easily found the remaining missions.  How many were there, you ask?  Two.  TWO!  I had wandered around so much that I had only left 2 missions uncompleted!  I don't remember the mission's name, but then the final Boss Cass fight.  I wanted to make it a summer project, of sorts, to replay both Ty1 and Ty2 from start to finish during the summer, but unfortunately, it never happened.As far as the third game goes, I unfortunately never owned it.  My friends did, though I barely played it.Then, I recently noticed this game on Steam.  I had all but forgotten about Ty, but man, did it awake nostalga, especially the video of Ty playing his theme.  How could I resist buying it, regardless of it being 2D instead of 3D?--End of Nostalga----Begin Review--To the game itself, it's great, but a bit short, in my opinion.  I beat it in about 5 hours, though I didn't do all of the side quests, get all the collectibles, etc...  though I did take care of most of them.The Good:+Ty!+Great soundtrack+Great level design+Combat is fair, 95% of the time I take damage, I know its my fault.+Good assortment of boomerangs, all with their pros and cons.+All of the elements from the 3D games still work really well in 2D.The Bad:-No voice acting.  I mean, yeah, I rememer most of the voices and can do that bit in my head, but it's not the same for obvious reasons.-With some 'rangs, the pros drastically outweigh the cons.  This makes some useless aside from utility.  Why would I use the flamerang, which can one shot enemies that normally take two, if I can use ones that freaking EXPLODE?  Though it still takes 2 hits, the splash damage is more than a worthy trade off.  I'd like to see uses in all of them, even the default.-Somewhat tedious to switch between 'rang types quickly.  This would likely not be a problem if we are able to arrange the order the 'rangs are in the menu manually to get a custom lineup rather than be stuck with the order we got them in.  The ability to switch to specific 'rangs with a custom keybind would be even better.The Ugly:+-Underwater flamethrowers?  Really?  I can't decide if that's hilarious or downright stupid.  I honestly can't.+-Yeah, that's about it, really.  I just had to put that bit about underwater flamethrowers somewhere.Conclusion:Though I listed numerous downsides, they are minor, and don't detract from the game very much.  All in all, I rate this 9/10!  That's really saying something, as I'm not much of one for 2D platformers.So yeah, if you're a fan of Ty, or just really like 2D platformers, give this game a shot!If Krome makes enough money on this to be able to port the first 3 games, you bet your FACE I'm buying all three!"
,Recommended,287840,18078052,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,MarcusLoretto,"I bought this game because I wanted to support the developers so that there is a chance that the original trilogy may be brought back to life for PC gamers that loved the series back in the days. So far I have been very pleased with what game has to offer, the 2D gameplay works very well considering most of us are used to play this in 3D. As a PC game it runs very well with a constant 60 frames per second. The grapics are refreshing and it has an art style that is very appealing. The gameplay is entertaining and fun, and will entertain you for many hours to come."
,Recommended,287840,18214702,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Huntsman06,"The game controls alright and the graphics are good enough.  What makes this game amazing, is the name.  Krome managed to hang on to the rights and finally after many of us were begging for a 4th title we get the game.  Anyone who's played the first 3, don't be worried about the 2D sidescrolling.  It's different, but the game flows well (although linear) and the story continues!  This isn't a rehash reimagining, this is a direct 4th title.  Ony wish they had the original voice actors instead of plain text, but I'll take the text over new actors.Also worth mentioning how Krome has actually brought their game to steam in the first place.  Consoles games have a tendancy--especially anything during the PS2/Gamecube/Xbox era to stay on consoles almost exclusivly--regardless of rights and licensing.  For Krome to actually bring their game to the PC platform is a huge step for previously console developers.  I hope to see more titles, from Krome and other developers, migrate away from their old dusty consoles and find life anew among the thousands of steam games.Well done Krome, hang in there!  I am looking foreward to someday when we get HD remakes/releases of the original Ty Trilogy!"
,Recommended,287840,18112439,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Jasuchin,"I had literally no idea this was coming to Steam, or even existed before this for that matter, but boy, I am glad I came across this. The game feels as close to the old games as you can get with a sidescroller, the levels are huge with a ton of bonus collectibles, and it's just simply a lot of fun, and for only 6 bucks (Or regional equivalent), this was impossible to say no to for me. The only major downside for me, and several others who played the old games, is the lack of cheesy voiceacting. All in all, an easy recommendation. Now to get the first 3 games onto Steam as well."
76561198113699266,Recommended,287840,18078700,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Inusoragirl,"I grew up with TY as a kid and loved all the games and I absolutely love this game! IT the perfect thing to play after a bad day. It controls nicely and it great to use the boomerangs again, I do wish there was VA but hey for $5 it a great little game to play! I do hope this will someday make more sequels or remasters of the original trilogy!"
,Recommended,287840,18349599,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,SpadraigGaming,"IT'S CONFIRMED!!! THE FIRST THREE TY GAMES ARE COMING ON STEAM!!! Just check their twitter! Oh, the game? It's great! Awesome music, a great art style and fun gameplay! Just get it!"
,Recommended,287840,18654632,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Cuddletrou af BandiWOAH XIII,"Ty the Tasmanian Tiger 4 is a direct 4th title of the original series. Yes, the original three games back on the xbox and PS2 between 2002 and 2006! This was one of those games that was hidden somewhere in my childhood and was on the brink to be forgotten with time. Luckily though, Krome Studios were awrsome enough to make a 4th game and get it up on Steam!The game is really sweet, albeit very short, and for a good reason. This was made in hopes that Krome can get funding big enough to help port the original three games to PC on Steam! If you would like to see them port the three masterpieces to PC and play them for yourself, you can help these guys by getting Ty 4, and perhaps even the artbook and soundtrack!Now on to the actual review of the game itself.The gameplay is very smooth and swift. It's a 2D platformer with a hefty focus on adventuring, completing objectives and mini-games, beating others to the high-score. The original cast is back, with characters across all three games featured and all of them playable(as costumes Ty can wear). The movement and actions Ty does are all familiar moves from the original games and bring a sense of nostalgia to those who have experienced em'.The graphics are well made and nice! The game runs at a perfect matched fps depending on your monitor, giving it a nice and buttery smooth experience. The controls complement this nicely as well. The art-style itself matches the way it was in the previous titles(most notably the first in the series).The sound and music is top-notch. Throwing the boomerangs, hitting the enemies or objects, it all sounds great(although throwing a power-shot can be a bit anticlimactic :P). The music is very reminiscent of the very memorable banjo-plucking tunes you hear from the first game and it follows the same style over here.Gameplay time avarage at about 4-5 hours, depending on how much you speed through the game at first or look for collectibles/farm for opals. The replay value revolves around getting all the collectible items and rangs, additionally the costumes if that fancies your taste!Now I'm gonna say this one more time. If you would like to experience the amazingness that is Ty 1-3 fully ported for the PC, support them by getting this game! Ty is one of the few mascots back in the PS2 era that still have the living licenses of today(compared to other titles). Help them help us gentlemen!Thank you for reading my review and hope you get a clearer view at what's goin' on here!~Melee"
,Recommended,287840,18139178,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Sandro-Freed,"Fun platformer based around the characters from the TY Series, and for $5 it's a good dealBut hooooly♥♥♥♥♥♥if Krome were to port TY 1-3 to PC they could just keep my wallet"
,Recommended,287840,18078061,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Shy,Great little 2-D platformer that is surprisingly fun and recaptures the spirit of what made the original early 2000's games so fun and charming.Can't go wrong with the price and the funds from this go towards porting the original 3 to steam!
,Recommended,287840,18094768,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,kazanmor,"Interested in seeing some gameplay? see below!https://youtu.be/IwtMIruBpaQTL:DR: If you like sidescrollers, or the ty universe as a whole, definitely pick it up! 8/10ReviewTy the Tasmanian Tiger 4 is the forth installment in the Ty series, this one departs from the original 3D platforming game to a more traditional 2D sidescroller. As a huge fan of the first three games, I was worried about whether this one would hold up, but it smashed my expectations thoroughly!This game manages to take all of the features from the first 3 games and fit them into a sidescroller without feeling forced or out of place. Classic gameplay mechanics such as boomerang gliding and biting your way through flying eggs return as well as collectables such as koala children and thunder eggs! There's a whole host of unlockable boomerangs and costumes to pick up with your opals and every tassy tiger from the game is represented.ProsFun sidescrolling gameplay, responsive controls.Plenty of unlockablesMusic similar to the original trilogy.Large levels with hidden content all over the place.Environments are interesting and diverse, from the Australian outback, to deep below the sea.ConsLots of references to previous games, players new to Ty may get lost at times.Not a 3D platformer, somewhat disappointing to older fans.No voice actors, which were a huge part of the original trilogy's appeal.ConclusionWhether you're a seasoned Ty veteran or a newcomer to the series, there's plenty of content in this game to enjoy the graphics and music are reminscent of the original trilogy and the gameplay mechanics are both easy to learn and satisfying to use, definitely pick this game up!8/10"
,Recommended,287840,18392216,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Wand3r3r3,"While on a lower budget, and after about nine years, the most significant video game character from my adolescence came back with a STRONG attitude. Yeah, there are still plenty of concerns about whether this game will be good or not, or the ponderers who will criticize Krome for breaking the style of the game. Technically, they already did that with that Game Boy Advance port for Bush Rescue (Ty 2), which, while I never played [that version] myself, I know it was a 2D game.But again, I understand the questions and concerns. Yes, all the characters—and more—are here, with a bit more to their personalites and such. They have evolved, such as how Dennis the Tree Frog is no longer just obsesed with those crazy Thunder Eggs; as now he's his passion for them has gotten him into the study of them and other things like it (I'm so embarrassed that I forget what the actual word is). It's like all the characters have aged well during those nine years, so it feels like a GREAT reunion. I'd personally say that that alone is well worth buying this game, and later finding out that you'll love it. Yeah, it's a WHOLE lot different; like, well, ANY game that's in a cartoony, super animated 2D style, and of course, it's got the signature Ty/Zelda/maybe even Mario style collectibles that require you to have a certain item to get to new areas in older levels, and that kind of gameplay in itself is one great reason for me to be in love with this series as much as I am (I'd have much more time on it if Borderlands 2 hadn't come up xD)And for the newer players who haven't played these games before, This IS a direct sequel to the previous game, Night of the Quinkan, and it seems to be intended for veteran players of the series. Straight from the get-go, you have lots of options before you even start the game. You'll have no Opals (currency), but you'd be able to buy 20+ costumes for Ty (from older games) and the option to purchase skins (play the game as other characters), and you can also take a look at some of the other kind of boomerangs you can buy when you acquire some Opals. However No spoilers here, I'm still wondering how a little something could be going on myself. It's just about six dollars USD, and I took that risk with Abyss Odyssey. I still haven't played that game either, but now that I have it, I am convinced I will like it.And that's the thing: It's the six dollars that get in the way of you seeing if you'll like this. That, or you can go to youtube and look up a gameplay video, but you get my point.I will always love this franchise, and if it'd help port the ealier games here, I'd pay for the for game for a few people personally. I love it THAT much."
,Recommended,287840,18080746,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,РоогНово,"I bought this to support the developers so they know that Ty is a favorite of mine. But then I realized that even though its way different, all the charm is still there. It feels a lot like the rayman games, but with that TY twist with the neverending rang types and opals for days. The soundtrack is great as ever, and the game itself is DEFINITELY worth the pricetag. I hope they end up porting all the TY games to steam, but this should tide me over until then. Good job on it, and glad to see you guys still kicking around over 10 years later."
76561198164231132,Recommended,287840,18078796,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Echostar158,"I too bought this hoping that krome could make a comeback and make a real ty 4 just to show that we are still interested, however there is a glitch that will break the gameplay (atleast for me) if you glide too close to a cliff Ty will just stay there frozen and the only way to fix it is to exit the level and start over again please fix it krome."
,Recommended,287840,18093736,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,FirstAwakened,"If you're a fan of the original trilogy, purchase this game. Like now! I say this because this game is amazing! It runs smoothly, and the cartoony graphics are fairly nice. Although it lacks in the fact it's a 2D platformer, instead of a 3D platformer, it's still amazing. There's also a lot of replayability from what I can tell, due to that some sections of the levels can only be accessed if you have a certain rang, and things like that. Also the sound track is amazing and brings back a lot of memories from the first three game's soundtrack. While that is all perfect, there are some things that can be improved, like the price of the rangs for example. You get the fire rang after the prolouge, and if you just stick to that for a couple missions, you'll have enough rupples for the rang that blows up (the doom rang i think? the one made by sly) sooo yeah. And the difficulty could be bumped up a little. But other than that, this game is amazing! And hopefully by purchasing it, we'll be able to let Krome know that there are still fans out there and they may make more, or like how others have been saying, port the original trilogy to PC. Sooooo yeaaah, BUY IT! NOOOW!!!"
,Recommended,287840,18097470,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Crim,Awesome action platformer with lots of replayability. Great to see Ty back.
,Recommended,287840,19227500,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Technocrate,"Nostalgia made me buy the game. The trailer made me drop a tear. I expected the best, or worse for that game. But I was thinking ... Come on! I will show them how much they have influenced my childhood in the right way, and buy it to support a more ambitious project!Otherwise, the game itself is pretty good despite some fluidity lacks a few times. Especially in movements.Otherwise the backgrounds are beautiful and there is detail. The aesthetics in general is rather successful.The shop for costumes and boomerangs, is classic.I'm waiting to see if the team will be able to invent something good after all this time. And I wonder how they are going to bring back this great hero of my childhood.Maybe if it was available in Smash Bross, to make himself more known by the new generation ...this may sound crazy. But I think that would be better than advertising where he massacres all video game mascots XD(I liked that commercial)"
,Recommended,287840,18082190,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Dman,"I loved the original Ty games and this lives up to those originals. Now hoping for the original games to come to steam, that would be amazing!"
,Recommended,287840,33058956,Posted: 30 June,all,★ Mr Trillson ★,Not as good as the 3D Ty's but support this because I want Krome to make more games.
76561198071892483,Recommended,287840,18299017,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Diminisher,"Maybe just a little bit to short for a TY game, but i understand the budget is not mega high. But i enjoyed the 4 hours of story, and  have yet ot find all the purple fruit thingies. But great game, good price."
,Recommended,287840,18081335,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Troopage,"TY the Tasmanian Tiger 4 is an enhanced version of the TY game that's available in the Windows Store. This is the definitive version of the game, with bug fixes, new features, and no micro-transactions. It's directly supported by Krome, so if you have any bugs or issues they should be reported because they are adamant about resolving them for us. Purchasing this inexpensive game not only nets you the game, which features a new story with crisp, beautiful visuals, tight controls, and a delightful soundtrack, but also helps pave the way for any future installments in the series and ports of the first 3 TY games."
,Recommended,287840,18079274,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Anorexic Snorlax,"This game has been really fun for the hour that I have played it so far,  but my only issue is the sound effects. Some of the sounds, like collecting Opals, are a bit loud. Which sucks, cuz it plays that sound 5 times if I collect 5 Opals at the same time. Other than that, this game is a nicely polished game that should keep me entertained for hours to come. Glad Krome is finally making more Ty games, but i'd love to see a 3D game reboot, as seen with the first 3"
,Recommended,287840,18090254,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,[Cash.net] Mr. Payday,"Beautiful game, bringing back an old classic! Reminds me a lot of the good ol' days, when I played games like Crash Bandicoot and Ty the Tasmanian Tiger on my good old Xbox. I really wasn't expecting any new TY game anymore. Ever. I didn't even know the original creators (Krome Studio) still existed. The old three Ty games were 3D platformers, but this one has the graphics and gameplay style of games like Rayman Origins and Rayman Legends, where Rayman also got a make-over from his classic 3D platform gameplay. I have to say, I love the graphics and music in this game, it's very beautiful and everything runs smoothly on 60FPS. Also there's a lot of content in this game, that will keep you busy for a pretty long time. There's 40 levels, but these are all very big and well developed levels, which takes you about 10 minutes to complete for each level, if you just rush through them. Then there's also hidden collectibles you can find scattered through every level. And on top of that there's also minigames hidden in each level like Time Attack or ""Kill as many enemies as quickly as possible"". There's also a currency in the game (opals) which you can exchange for new boomerangs with special powers, or a dozen of skins/characters to play with. This game will surely keep you busy for a while, and I can say it's definitely worth that 5-6 euros! I would even pay 15 or 20 for it. Now, let's hope for the return of the first three games on Steam, especially my favorite, the second one. :)"
,Recommended,287840,18087109,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Amerak,"Bought this game to help them fund the ports of the first 3. Not a big fan of 2D platformers , just wanted to play a new Ty game. Its surprisingly really fun The music is great as with all the Ty games.So if you're a big Ty fan or like not half bad 2D platformers this is a must buy."
,Recommended,287840,18086579,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Redna,LOVE IT!!! Thanks for bringing one of my favorite childhood heros to Steam Krome Studios!!!!!! and the bonus music is sooo nostalgic! made me think that all the 4 games was in this how you did the sorting in that folder but hey that's okay. Thanks for including all the music from the first game as well I really loved listening to those again and I would love to have the other TY games avaible on Steam some time in the future! keep up the good work :3
,Recommended,287840,18085558,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,OtakuBrony,"I reccomend this if you're a fan of the TY series. It's completly revamped compared to the previous series, so I hope you don't mind that it's 2.D platformer."
76561198068521195,Recommended,287840,18232314,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Matthew Stormcloud,Theres already a few reviews that cover why this game is awesome such as comfortable controls and settings and whatnot. Was a bit skeptical at first when i saw this for $6 but honestly its a pretty damn well done 2D Sidescrolling game. Music is familiar as well and has the classic Ty feel.Overall its my hopes that someday Krome Studios can go back to 3D and i wish them only success. ( I would love seeing the 3 ty games before this go on a collection for console and pc systems but a guy can dream eh? ) Very happy with this purchase too.
,Recommended,287840,18087124,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,pokuchu,"G'day mates!Today I'll be takin' a gander at TY The Tasmanian Tiger 4, a sly ol' strewth of a game that I was surpirised to see sittin' on this 'ere platform.I'm an hour an in so far, and I've played enough to get the gist of the game.This is essentially a 2D version of the 3D TY games from the sixth generation of game systems, which is definitely a good thing and it highlights that Krome Studios know what the fans want.The elements are all there, the rangs(that Ty's stingy ol' parents are still charging opals for, lovely), the visual style, the music, the writing, the characters(yes Dennis is still a whiny geezer), and the gameplay, all are left in-tact from the old games.TY can still jump, glide and shoot those pesky frills to bits with his rangs and there still opals to collect and orphans to save. TY's quite the busy man-er, tiger.Tis' quite a shame there's no voice overs, as I miss hearing them, especially Maurie's lovely ol' voice, but life can't always be perfect.The graphics are wonderfully hand-drawn, with nicely animated models and bonza artwork, and the music is nicely composed and'll make you feel right at home.The game's ripper, and them beauties at Krome deserve your support!Give this game a look and see for yourself!"
,Recommended,287840,18080753,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Litesh0w,I can still here the voices even though its all text. So many memories from my childhood come rushing back. So glad Krome kept all the original sound effects. Yes it's a 2D scroller but it's a damn good one at that. Looking forward for Ty's future games!
,Recommended,287840,18083174,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Otts,"Going back in action with one of my childhood heros, TY! I was so excited when it was revelaed this game was coming to Steam I coud hardly contain myself, although its a 2-D platformer and not a 3-D one like the classic trilogy, its still a fun expirence non-the-less. It has all the favorite characters such as Maurie, Lenny the LyreBird, Rex and of course, TY!I highly recomend this game to any TY fan, new or old, and any one who likes 2-D platformers!Now to get onto the actual review part:PROS:- The game looks amazing itself.- The controls are easy to get used too, and I personally like the way you can use the mouse to aim the boomerangs.- The story itself is great.CONS:- The gliding is a bit dodgy, you can't just fall straight down as you always go at an angle, only a minor con but can be frustrating at times.- Some enemies seem impossoblie to defeat, but you can evetnually get past them.Overall this game is a great way to kick back up the TY series, and hopefully we get the original games back on Steam!"
,Recommended,287840,18084076,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,im the baby gotta love me,"Ty the Tasmanian Tiger was my childhood, man. While this game isnt quite the same as the original PS2 games, it's still one hell of a fun trip down memory lane for me. Krome, please port the original trilogy over to Steam, or even PS4!"
76561198054756204,Not Recommended,287840,31284862,Posted: 21 April,all,Echo127,"Just...really quite dull. Only worth it if you're a die-hard Ty fan.The visuals are nice enough and the music is great, but there is no semblance of a story or any sense of progression, really. You can use opals to buy boomerangs, but they don't really feel any different from eachother. The platforming mechanics feel a bit..off... too. Can't put my finger on it. Feels like a mobile game."
,Not Recommended,287840,22856537,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Endolynn,"Of course, it's your general platforming game, bringing back the roots of the first games into 2D. While it does sound fun, it doesn't seem to work all that well. The features you have in Ty 4 aren't much to offer. You can glide, throw boomerangs, use different types of boomerangs, swim, and bite stuff. Pretty much it. It isn't as enjoyable to do all of these things on a 2D platformer either.The gameplay feels pathetic. Nearly every enemy takes one or two hits to defeat, and it's just way too easy, and too BORING. Once you take out an enemy, you're NOT going to see it ever again. They don't respawn, so once you've cleared out everythiing, the whole maps are going to be a barren wasteland, filled with Ty's nasty urine across the ground saying ""Ty was here."" There's not much in it for you when you get defeated, because once you respawn, you're basically just teleporting back to a checkpoint, with nothing restarted. All it feels like is just you did everything, and when you die, you get your health refilled. Yeah, that's how it feels.The game has different types of challenges that are sort of fun to do, as well as collectables scattered around the map. They are cool to try and find out where they are. You can also buy different costumes for Ty to try out. It is fun to play dress-up with Ty, no joke!The artwork is nice, but the animation is bland. It doesn't feel like much love was put into their poses.I just couldn't last too long playing this game, though. Each level felt boring and repitive that I got so bored, hoping to play something else while I was playing Ty 4. It's not worth the buy. Just stay away, and find a better platformer to buy. Jesus christ, if anything, save your money for the first Ty the Tasmanian Tiger that's on Steam!"
,Recommended,287840,18090657,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,poisonrune,Nostalgia overload! All your favorite things about TY are back in this game! Music is amazing like always too!
,Recommended,287840,18087281,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,thicc,It's such a good game to say it's the first in years. Really fun platformer. As a fan of the entire franchise I'm really happy with how this game plays. I recommend buying it!
,Recommended,287840,18235316,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Frazcaz97,"Review: Ty the Tasmanian tiger 4The hype I had for this game was immense, I couldn't wait for this game to come out as the last proper Ty game to last come out was Ty 2 as we never did get Ty 2 over here in the UK, and I had heard that this game wasn't anything special, I knew this and yet I was still excited and the nostalgia was building up, however I have to agree with most people here and say that the game is just okay.So if you have never played a Ty game, or if this is your first, let me fill you in on the past games. The past Ty games were 3D platformers, this Ty game, called Ty 4 is not a 3D platformer, and I new that. Ty 4 being a 2D platformer does make me wish that this should have been a spin-off game rather than part of the main series though, just to distinguish the type game styles from each other. That being said that's not the only difference between this game and the original 3, another difference is that this game has no voice acting in it at all, instead it has all its cut-scenes in a comic book format, which I'm not to fond of, and I wish that they did use voice actors, which is another reason why this game should have been a spin-off.While the other Ty games had a good enough story for the games, which for me, wasn't the driving point of the games anyway, Ty 4 has a lose story to the point that I think you couldn't even call it a story, in fact I can sum it up for you right now,“boss Cass has returned, this time with 8 robot mast... oh errrr, sorry wrong game, I mean a couple of robots that you don't realise are robots, you do things that very loosely connect to the plot, you defeat boss Cass, the end!”there you go, that's the story and there is no need for a spoiler warning  because there is no story to spoil but its there anyway. With that being said this game did spoil me with the events of the 3rd game as I haven't been able to play the third game with the way it was released, however the spoilers didn't do anything to me but they might for you, so you have been warned when you play this game.I gotta say, if it's one thing Krome nailed with this game, it's the fact that the artist style follows the rest of the Ty games, except for, you know... the 2D. Everything that make a Ty game look like a Ty game is here in this one, and that's one of the greatest bit about this game to me, cause it made me feel like this was a true Ty game even with it trying to be like Rayman Origins/Legends. Out off all the assets though, I was sad to see that they left out BilBies in this game as one of the collectables and instead had you collecting towns people. One new asset that I was surprised to see in was the purple fruit like thing, I don't know if its something from Ty 3 but I don't know how that fruit even became a collectable.The Music is good, it has the same style and really does sound like it could fit into any Ty game which is great, however there isn't much music in the game and usually the different music is just different variations of another piece of music in this game, for example all the forest music sounds similar and so on and so fourth. That being said I do like the music, I think they could have just added more to it. The sound effects are another story though, most sound effects are fine, those boomerang sound effect though don't have enough variation to them and they kinda over power every other sound and your ears, so you know, turn down that SFX volume.How about the animations, they're good, fluid and most of them look nice, I finally realised that the boomarang animation was intended to look like the rang was moving circular even though a 2D plain isn't best way to show that, its neat that they tried to make the rangs have some motion to them other than forward and back. There is one animation pose that I just couldn't see how Krome thought it looked good, that was the gliding animation pose, I mean it looks like Ty is just putting his arms up in the air and past his head, that kind of small detail annoys me, but I can put up with it. One last thing that 'Tys' ;} into the style a bit is how its difficult to tell where you will land or if you can even reach a ledge with the 2.5D style view and the 2D animation.One thing I respect Krome for is that they care about their fans and want to make this game as good it can be, that means that they care about us and having a great experience with the game and not running into glitches and bugs, yes they are there, but Krome is fixing them and that's what I respect about them, they look after their fans and there game. Like the gliding animation pose that I talked about, there are some gameplay mechanics that need to change, first off, Tys physics are way off, in which I mean you cant have him fall the same speed as he jumps, that's just bad physics, I and think its mostly due to lazy programming to speed things up. Also as part of the gameplay, the controls control bad for a 2D platformer, and when you play it, you'll understand what I mean, I would go as far as too say that the keyboard and mouse controls are almost recommended more over the joypad controls. I have to agree with most people when I say that the game isn't difficult, in fact, its easy, too easy, but its unfair with the enemies how they can kill you in a matter of seconds, Krome, that doesn't make the game hard, its makes it annoying.The last thing that I'm going to touch on in this review is about completing this game. I myself did 100% this game, and it took me little under 10 hours to do so. That 100% includes all achievements and all in game collectables. That being said, this game isn't difficult to 100% as its easy to play, all the levels have a completion % that is shown in the level select and each levels menu has a completion list of all the collectables that you need to get. The only collectable that you don't have a list for is all of the thunder eggs.So considering all of that I give this game a 7/10I don't consider this to be a continuation of the Ty series, but more of a spin-off, that being said I fully understand why this game was 2D and not 3D and why they had to get this game to steam from the windows store, and if anything this game and its sales is what's going to determine if we ever get a Ty 5 and even a remake of the first 3, which is one of the reasons why I bought this game. Like I said at the start this game is just okay, nothing more and nothing less, but for what it's worth it was a fun time and hopefully this means Ty will come back kicking more♥♥♥♥♥than he did in the advert for the first game,  so go get em Krome I have faith that you wont let us down and wont let the Ty series die.Have a good day everyone :)"
,Recommended,287840,18143588,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,FORCE LIKE OBI,"""Ty the Tasmanian Tiger"" was my first PS2 game back in the day. Playing this and hearing all the sound effects from back then was like a blast from the past. I was a bit worried about it being a side-scroller, but let me tell you it doesn't take anything away from the gameplay. This game is totally fun, and full of secrets that can be a little challenging to unlock. Below I will list a few Pros, and Cons that the game has.......P.S. Mostly Pros!Pros- You can customize Ty's costumes, by collecting opals. And also customize which Rangs you can play, you can do this at the main menu after each area is complete. It's very cool, and makes it more your style!-The graphics are very nice looking.-Game runs flawlessly, devs did amazing!-Old fun characters are back in their elements!-Levels are very fun, and also challenging.Cons: There's no voice acting, it would be nice.Overall the game is incredible for being on sale right now for $5.39, if you don't have this in your library you need to have it. Absolutely worth every penny."
76561198011352496,Recommended,287840,18127817,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Slade The Ninja Rat,"As of this review: I've spent about nearly 2 hours on this steam version but I've beaten this 2 years ago on Windows 8 version which is inferior to the better steam version.This is a pretty good game for ty fans also a good cheap game to buy if you love 2D platformers.Visuals, controls have been improved over the windows 8 version, both steam and windows 8 versions support xbox controlers.Exclusive to the Steam version you can unlock characters by just playing the game and earn ""Opals"" (in game currency) and buy the characters plus opals are super easy to get because the game gives them to you like candy so you can unlock a character or costume to fit your taste.However the Windows 8 version did one of gaming's greatest sins by making costumes and boomerangs as microtransactions, steam however has no transactions at all.Original 3D games are Banjo Kazooie inspired platformers so if your looking for a game series to cover your BnK needs before Yooka Laylee then I recomend you go and play the first 3 Ty games on PS2,xbox original or gamecube.This 2D game had to be done this way due to Krome Studios being on a budget and microsoft funded them to make this game and release for windows 8.Ty is one of my favourite game series for me when I was a little kid and though the 3D games have aged i still think you should give those games a shot, they are also very cheap to buy now."
,Recommended,287840,18122339,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,L0V3,my childhood is now on steam
76561198055216902,Not Recommended,287840,21517016,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fatbeen,"Not every game can disappoint you quite as much as TY the Tasmanian Tiger 4. The TY series was a big part of my childhood and this just took a big dump all over it.First off, most of the art is nice. Some characters have some crazy pixelization going on. The animation, however, is uninspired and boring. Even Ty looks bored throughout the entire game.The story serves no purpose other than to put you back in the same three stages repeatedly.The costumes are neat.The final boomerang you can purchase (the doomerang) is garbage as most enemies require one of the 4 special boomerangs the game automatically gives to you. Only the Chaosrang is worth buying so you don't have to use a charge attack all the time. Speaking of which, the charge attack drains some of your currency.There are plenty of side quests and collectables. Unfortunately, both of those things award you with nothing.A large portion of the game takes place in water with sharks, crocodiles, and thrown rocks that come at you from off screen or inside the walls giving you no time to react.Like most games when falling, you can move right or left and change direction as you please. Unlike most games, you can not fall straight down.There is no voice acting aside from Ty's girly voice when you revive.And then there's Dennis. Dennis acts so flamboyant that it makes me feel uncomfortable being gay."
,Not Recommended,287840,30839490,Posted: 30 March,all,Dewzy,"The controls are very annoying and loose, The hitboxes are broken at times, and the missions are boring and repetitive. Only reason I kept playing for more than an hour is because the sound you hear when collecting opals is so satisfying."
76561198020798482,Recommended,287840,31363250,Posted: 25 April,all,Azerate,"Fun little platformer. What I liked about it was that the collectibles and 'secrets' are not that well hidden so I am able to find almost all of them without looking at any guides etc. which feels kind of good as usually I am nowhere near full completion in such games.It's also quite easy, because whenever you die, you just restart at the last checkpoint, and the enemies you killed don't even go back to life. If you're in the mood for a very light, easy and fun platformer, I could wholeheartedly recommend this game. It's also probably great for kids."
,Recommended,287840,18240439,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Heat Miser,great game especially if you love the ty series
,Recommended,287840,18097410,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,TomMassey250,"Really good game! Its very similar to the Rayman Origins/Legends series of games, but with more personality and boomerangs! (100% more boomerangs, actually)I loved the original games on PS2, please either make more TY games or release the older ones on PC!"
,Recommended,287840,18102637,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Cawright,"This game brings back memories of my PS2 days... that I'm still in.The game itself is not much like the other Ty games in the sense that it is 2D,although that doesn't make it bad.Pros:-Very fun 2D platformer-Lots of items to look for-Good music-Memorable characterCons:-Obviously it isn't the 3D ty game that us die hard fans were wanting-Gliding can be a bit weird at times, sometimes it helps to just not glide-With a controller it is not as easy to hit a specific enemyNow with all that being said, the game is very fun, and does have a very nostalgic feel to it,I would recommend this game if you liked the Ty characters and music.The game has a few bugs here and there, but it is overall worth playing.There are a few things that I would change if I was the dev but you can't please everyone and it is a very well made game."
76561198064110681,Recommended,287840,18104613,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Imawsum,"Simple, tight controls, and lots of fun. Brings back a ton of memories of the original Ty triology (I played it on the Gamecube), but serves as a great stand alone experience. Finding every little thing in each level has never been fo frustrating (or fun).My only two complaints is replaying levels for farming Opals, and that the difficulty is a bit on the easy side.Still, I think this is a wonderful additon to the Ty series and a great experience by itself. And at six bucks, it's definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,287840,18125532,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,KyuuGryphon,"My first PS2 game ever would've been Ty the Tasmanian Tiger (hence why I'm furry trash now at 19). I didn't get very far in it at the time, mind, because it was also the first game I ever played to use the analogue stick for movement.This was something like... I dunno, 10 years ago or so? I can't remember. Point is, Ty was a memorable part of my childhood, even though I never actuallybeatany of the games on PS2. When I heard that Ty 4 was coming to Steam, I was ecstatic! Sure, it's a 2D platformer now instead of 3D, but still! Ty! And it's cheap, too!I feel like a little kid again playing this game. Sega, Sonic Team, take note - this is how you do a retro revival. Definitely recommended, it's great!"
,Recommended,287840,18157201,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Panic Route ™,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game. Would highly recommend this game, especially for the price. The graphics and music are reminscent of the original trilogy, and brought back fond memories. The gameplay mechanics were both easy to learn and satisfing to use. Unfortunately, this game was too short and left me yearning for more.I know this game was alittle dissapointing to the fan's of 'TY the Tasmanian Tiger' but Krome Studios have just cast the line here, to see if fan's and new gamers to TY, will take the bait. So please show your support, to urge Krome Studios to Port TY 1 to 3.Loved The Game, You have my support. 8/10"
,Recommended,287840,18104384,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,GingerGuy,"i played this game series as kid and i loved it then and once i saw that ty 4 was released i thought ""hey what the hell?"". They switched the 3D for 2D but don't let that throw you off i've played this game for half an hour now fallen in love. the art style is cute and the gameplay is straight forward.hopeful if it gets enough support the older games can get a pc portfingers crossed"
76561198087415854,Recommended,287840,18226919,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,shmeep,"This game really exceeded my expectations, I've always had a special place in my heart for the Ty games, so you can understand i was skeptical when the series shifted to the second dimension. Much to my pleasant surprise, this game took the skepticism, and hit it over the head with a boomerang. The game controls like butter and my only complaint with them is minor: i wish that they had tweaked the swimming slightly, it just seems a bit TOO controlled if that makes any sense, it felt less like swimming and more like placing an object in a level editor, not a whole lot of physics. The level design is great, with just the right combination of your typical left to right linear level, and branching paths giving you just enough freedom to you feel like your moving in an environment, not a level, and yet at the same time don't give you so much that you feel overwhelmed. This game is beautiful, it really feels like your playing in the concept art from the original trilogy, with a great style and colorful, lush environments. there was not a single time during this game where i got tired of the scenery, or the game for that matter. Fitting in perfectly with the Ty universe is the music (and as you can expect from Krome studios, its great), I think it really hits the Australian theme right on the mark. I think this game pulled off something the trilogy had a bit of trouble with, variety. now that's not to say this game gets it perfect, but its definitely a step up. It doesn't have any vehicle levels or fancy new characters, but there's a certain simplicity to that that i find myself thoroughly enjoying. In terms of story, this game is a bit lacking, but that's okay, because its not a story driven game, its just a fun game you can sit down and enjoy. However, i do wish (and even though i know its probably the biggest criticism, I'm going to give my two cents) that there were animated cut-scenes, and voice acting. I'm not saying I hate the game because of the lack of it, I'm just saying i wish it were there. overall, I think this is a really good game, and it captures the spirit of the originals, if i had to choose... id give Ty 4 a 7.8 out of 10"
76561198252326184,Recommended,287840,18421570,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,DartTheExplorer,"This game, while not perfect is not only a fun Ty the Tasmanian Tiger game, but a fun platformer as well!"
,Not Recommended,287840,32153929,Posted: 3 June,all,Jeffery Starship,"I played this game a while back, but still fully remember how dull and boring my experience was. Enemies were very hit or miss when I attacked them. The script was very cheesy and not charming, but idk if that's how the older games were. This game doesnt give you many things to do besides get different boomerangs.From what I understand this game was on and meant for tablets and phones. I love playing casual games, but this one has no substance, especially for being attached to a franchise with 3 previous games. Even though I only played 6 hours, it felt like an eternity because the game is just so boring. The only reason I completed the game came from my will to beat any game I start playing, not because it was a fun experience.The one thing I do like about the game are the loading screens and the sketches from the artwork. So the art book might be worth buying more than the actual game. If you wanna see what I'm talking about I took some screenshots of the art from within the game or you can just gooogle it.If I didn't know any better and this was the first TY game I ever played, then I would be immediately turned off from playing the previous games. Fortunately I discovered the first game at a friends house when I was a kid and played it for a little bit. But, now that the First 2 TY games are on steam with the 3rd on the way, its best just to buy those and only buy this one if you're a hardcore fan."
,Recommended,287840,22524265,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Mojo De Los Muertos,"Certainly not a perfect platformer, but I do find it enjoyable and worthy of its price tag. Worth checking out if you are a fan of the series."
,Recommended,287840,18125604,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Frontier Proctologist,"*This game is to the Ty Trilogy what Metal Gear is to Metal Gear Solid.*It's kind of charming, as far as 2D action platformers go. It's in the same genre as Dust: An Elysian Tail. There are many elements, challenges and rooms to explore, to find and enjoy the bounties of. If you haven't played the original Ty Trilogy, you're probably not going to understand much of the lore off the bat. You are however, probably going to notice that the characters have recognizeable social quirks, and certain ways of speaking. For us 90's kids, Ty the Tasmanian Tiger was a ""magical"" and rather memorable game/experience.The developers say that this game was created in an effort to raise money to develop ports of the Ty Trilogy, to bring onto steam. Once that happens, it should be much easier to experience the lore yourselves, rather than having to watch longplays. x)I think it might've been better off if they had made this game to be a spinoff, rather than an actual sequel.As far as it goes in it's genre, I give it an 8/10.As far as it goes in the series, I give a 4 out of 10 for satisfactory story elements/presentation and curious gameplay.I'd have given 5-6/10 for voice acting, and possibly the remaining five if this were an optimized, quality 3D sequel."
76561198145810097,Recommended,287840,20711779,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Odd,"G'day mates! Ty the tazmanian tiger for the xbox was, and still is, my favorite video game of all time. So needless to say that I was very hyped for this game, that being said, I will try to leave as much nostalgia and bias out of this review as I can.  So for any Ty fan who is concerned that because this game is 2D it's ""Not a Ty game""...don't worry, this game is still a Ty game, and chances are, if you liked the originals, you'll like Ty 4.  Ok so first off, the story. As much as I miss the voice actors and cutseens from the first games, the cool comic book style of cutseens work fine and I enjoyed them. I also enjoyed the characters and their personalities. As for the actuall story itself, it's not absolutely amazing, but I still thought it was enjoyable, something goes wrong somewhere and Ty has to come and help. I did however find the twists and turns about a few select characters, such as Sly and ""I thought you were dead!"" Fluffy where really cool. They were nice supprises. I did feel that the ending kinda came out of nowhere and the final boss was just a bit too easy, but it was still fun.  As for the gameplay, it works absolutely fine IMO. The controls felt solid and I had a blast with it, you never feel like your slow or slippery. and the platforming is fun because of that. My only SLIGHT nitpick is that gliding feels a bit nerfed from the other games and you lose altitude  at a much faster rate,and whenever Ty is in the air you are always moving forward,which made it to where I had to tap left and right a bunch to land where I wanted to, but again, it's really no big deal, and rarely ever gave me a problem. Now as for the soundtrack, Ty 1 has one of my favorite, if not my number one favorite soundtrack in any video game, and in general, I was happy with this games music, especially since compared to todays ost's for video games, this game has some seriously good tunes that should be listend to even when not playing it, I loved most of them, thought some where just alright, and only disliked one. The level design and the music always complement each other nicely, and each one felt just right for it's level. I ESPECIALLY loved the remixs from past games.  So to sum this review up, if your a fan of Ty, you should ABSOLUTLY buy this game, I can almost guarantee you will have an absolute bonzer of a time! And for those who are new to the series, I would seriously recomend you get this game, its a super fun 2d platformer collectothon, with some great characters,levels,and music, do yourself a favor and buy this little beauty of a game.  And who knows, we may even see a Ty 1-3 port or Ty5 in the future, which would be a dream come true for me, anywho hope you have a bonzer of a time with this awesome game!!"
,Recommended,287840,18139811,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Bulletђammer,"The amount of nostagia is unbelievable, I recommend this to anyone who has enjoyed this series in the past. This game doesn't have the amount of potential as its predecesors, however, each purchase helps provide the company more funds to create possibly a game equal to the previous games."
76561198180591311,Recommended,287840,18176193,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,420wellyboi,"So I was exploring the web and came accross a reddit post saying ty 4 on steam, as i was bored I thought why not go see if its true or not and to my supprise it was! At first I saw the trailer and thought ohh someone has bought the series and turned it 2d, it looked ok but I was not confinced. I then went back and had a good look through all the reveiws and it turns out its pretty good. The following evening I decided to buy some new games and put this in to cheak it out ""it was only like £4""To the pointIt was amazing gave me so many memorys even if some features are not that great I can still apreciate it because i understand your low budget. I have one simple wishMake HD versions of the origanal trilodgy honestly trust me you will make a lot of money on it and i for one would defently buy it. There are alot of bugs that need fixing aswell.CommunityThis game is worth getting and it goes to a cause of bringing back a ledgendary series. Even if your new to ty or just looking for a pretty awesome 2D game you have come to the correct place."
,Recommended,287840,21059374,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jim,Fun as hell game that really reaches for exploration in a limited environment. Great and SATISFYING AS ♥♥♥♥ sound effects that have stayed true from the days of Ty 1. Would love for Ty 1-3 to make a comeback since I never got to finish 1 and never played 2/3.
76561198038641929,Recommended,287840,21539587,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,bananbob and Motifa,<3
,Recommended,287840,26681110,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Bonk Boy,"I honestly thought a 2D TY Would be awful but im glad I was wrong it keeps the elements from the 3D Titles and tranfers it into a 2D space it still feel open and there tons of stuff to collect, 100% Recommend"
76561198056145427,Recommended,287840,19527792,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,fotgenerations,"Have to say, I'm really impressed with this game.  Never had a chance to play the 3d trilogy, but I played TY2 on gameboy, so this brings back good memories for me.  The Soundtrack, animation, art and gameplay overall work tight together.  KROME studios have gone from top to bottom and back again and I think they've done a brilliant job.  If they can port both the original 3D trilogy and the 2D handheld ones then that would make me very happy but if they could get the rights to port the two legend of spyro games they worked on, I'd be through the roof.  If you're wondering about getting this then I would go for it.  Plenty to keep you going for a while."
,Recommended,287840,35053514,Posted: 18 September,all,☠ Cpt. Spy McZard ☠,"A pretty solid 2D platformer with a shooter-like fighting-system of using boomerangs. I´ve played TY-2 back then and this is a totally different game, so do not expect it to be like it´s prequals at all!As a stand-alone it is pretty solid though and does not need to hide behind other 2D platformers. It is basically a fast-paced action platformer with alot of collectibles. So you basically kill-jump-collect. Sadly though this is getting boring pretty early, as the levels differ from each other just by their graphics, not by any new mechanic that appears. There are a few passages that will challenge your dextery, but over all this game is too easy in my opinion.The graphics are toony with much love for details and I totally LOVE that! I LOVE toony graphics! So on my site, this game looks realy pretty. There could´ve been some more animations thought to increase that toonyness, but well...Overall, its a pretty valuable 2D action-platformer with toony graphics in the TY-universe, which has nothing but the characters, region and backgroundstory in common with it´s prequals!Due to repetitive tasks of collecting this and that without much difference, it gets boring pretty early.To sum it up in a PRO/CON-comparison:PRO:- Fast paced action-platformer with smooth mechanics- The detailed graphics, expecialy the landscape and characters- 30 Levels with about 10-15 hour of gameplay plus 4 Minigames- Many collectiblesCON:- Tasks get repetitive and dull pretty early- The story is more then crude- A few bugs that make the game crash or getting stucked- Overall the game seems ""unfinished"" or unpolished"
76561198037838422,Recommended,287840,18153212,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Lauzon,"First of all, this review is based on a short experience (as you can see in time played).I didn't played a lot to this game because I don't have a lot of time, but what I've seen up to now is great! I kinda like the graphics of it for a low-budget game. It's a great platform game, with a little story with our classic Ty series' characters! I enjoy the sounds of the game too. Finally, who wouldn't like those good old boomerangs to unlock? Buy this game and support Krome Studios for the port to PC of Ty 1 ,2 and 3! :D"
,Recommended,287840,18154906,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,DiskJunkie,I mainly bought this game to support the devs that created TY 1. I loved that game and I'm hoping they will port it over to PC one day.
,Recommended,287840,18107807,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Spike,"If you've ever played any of the other games in this franchise, I can tell you right now, pick this game up. You will enjoy it. It's light-hearted, silly, anthropomorphic animal fun. That being said, I look forward to the day when Ty gets a proper, 3D sequel. As it is, this can barely be called a spin-off. There is no voice acting to speak of, which sucks given that the voice acting in the previous games is what really gave the games their personality, selling me on the Australian Outback theme. The animations almost make me feel like I'm playing Scribblenauts, what with each character being a puppet whose pieces animate mostly by rotating. There are skins to collect and different weapons to purchase. Jumping feels floaty, and the story feels very light, but there are a ton of collectables strewn about each level. That being said, the game isn't very challenging in terms of puzzles or platforming challenges, and if you get killed you will instantly respawn at your last Porta-potty.That being said, in a world oversaturated with shooters and retro indie games, it was nice to see an old franchise pop up out of the blue."
,Recommended,287840,18107698,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,B-Tap,"I've been waiting for A 4th TY game for far too long and im not disapointed at all.If you like TY, Australia or Boomerangs then you'll like this game.And i'm hoping that there will be HD remakes of the original 3"
,Recommended,287840,18120569,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,BlackCrow,"(Hehe I sold some CSGO cases for this game)When I played my first TY game it was back when I was around 4 years old. TY 1 and 2 are the only games that I could play because the third game wasn't released in Europe due to Kromes budget and resources. Then about 9 years later they released TY4 for Windows 8 (Win store). I was happy that they released a new TY game after all these years but I hate Windows 8 so I never played it until they released it on Steam. (They also made an ios game)Oh boy oh boy was the wait worth it. I am very pleased and satisfied with this game.TY is originally a 3D game but the 2D works really well. Krome implemented the gameplay, rangs, attack etc. very well from a 3d style to 2d. It runs on a goodsolid 60fps, good refreshing style and graphics.Gameplay is fantastic and fun considering the prev games were 3d. This game will give you many hours of entertainment. If you are a TY fan you should already have bought it!! BUT if you are new then you will definitelyfall in love with the series!!Trust me!I want to support the developers at Krome Studios. They are amazing at their jobs and deliver great games. I hope that this game does great so that their is a chance that the other 3 games (original trilogy) will be brought back to life for PC. I know that there are many TY fans out there, new or old, that want to relive those moments."
,Recommended,287840,18110761,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,kingartak,"It is not exactly like the older games but it still has the same charm and feeling of excitment, I can only hope that is game becomes a success  and next game in the series will go back to its 3D roots. However this game is still an amazingly fun time."
76561198102802911,Recommended,287840,19383016,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,gladiator,"i love ty on the ps2 and as for this one its very fun as well and  i would love to see more 2d and 3d ty the tasmanian tiger games for ( pc , ps4 ) but anyway if you ever played ty on ps2 then your going to love this one all the same just in 2d side scrolling form"
76561198123342883,Recommended,287840,18140235,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Shot_z97,"I grew up playing the ty games like any other sensible person, amazing soundtrack, loved the visuals as a kid and still do as an adult, and just all around amazing gameplay. if you grew up like me with this game series then you would love this game yes 2D though it may be it still has that good ole' TY charm."
76561198148405448,Not Recommended,287840,29114469,Posted: 8 January,all,s8ntrick2,Ty is not on his best when he's in 2D.This game is not good for a ty game.Ty 4 is like Bubsy 3D both games took a game known for 3D/2D and then switched them around until it made nutmeg cofee.Sound simple huh if you agree then don't play Ty the tasmanian tiger 4
76561198137081177,Recommended,287840,28548313,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,R34l Kwick!,Its good to see chrome get back in the game. Its unfourtunate that this game had to be 2D but that doesn't stop it from being a fun game. A fine addition to the ty franchise.
,Recommended,287840,32718450,Posted: 24 June,all,Hellhog,Very much captures the spirit of the older games but in a side scroller platformer package.
,Recommended,287840,23443282,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Libby Airspinner,"for a 2D steam game sequel, i have to say it is very well done ^3^ i just hope they port the other titles so i can nostalgia all my childhood"
76561198049486361,Recommended,287840,23526070,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,drkhunter13,"i grew up playing this series, it was a dissapointment that the developers didnt have enough money to make another 3D platforming game to continue off of TY3. it was a wonderful game to play thru and i hope to see more games in the future, 2D or 3D"
,Recommended,287840,24716907,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Ouka,"This game is so fun, I missed it and I'm glad it's finally making a comeback!"
76561198064808866,Recommended,287840,35119612,Posted: 21 September,all,Jakexorz,looked fun and it is. Runs great on my gpd win.
,Recommended,287840,29760732,Posted: 7 February,all,Exterminans27,"A short but fun little platformer worth its price.I enjoyed playing this game in short sessions to relax a little or kill some time.It has cute and funny, likeable characters as well."
,Not Recommended,287840,21116907,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,BaxenWhale,"There are few games that I have been so let down by. It works fine, but the only thing it made me want to do was play the original games."
,Recommended,287840,31895226,Posted: 21 May,all,Harley,for 6 bucks it is a really fun game. yeah its a departure from the original 3d style the series had. but it stil has the fan favorite charaters and Ty is still the same as usual. seeing as i had never played the first 3 games at all i was a little leery at first but i decided too take a chance on the 4th game and i'm glad i did. for a new game at 6 bucks its really worth trying it at least. the one problem i did run into is when you exit out of the game steam for some reason still thinks your logged into the game when you can see you arent.
,Recommended,287840,23426951,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,yeah man,"rip 3D classic tyrip short storyWould rather play the classic 3 than this, but it was still an ""ok"" game"
76561198029192965,Recommended,287840,24068873,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Chonony,"A servicable 2D platformer in a series of servicable 3D platformers. Nothing special, but not bad for a six dollar game, although I paid three for it."
76561198167775366,Recommended,287840,24745256,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Aleestoor,"a pretty fun game. really, it doesn't hold up to the previous Ty games, but it's still a good bit of fun. It has that laid back kind of feel like the beginning of psychonauts. you won't be sitting on the edge of your seat waiting to see what happens next, but you'll have a fun little nostalgia fest. the one thing i wish they would change is how Ty glides. I wish they would give him a glider or soemthign instead of him magically floating by holding up his boomerangs."
,Recommended,287840,25318595,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Rusty,Not as good as the first but still good :D
,Recommended,287840,25483988,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Ande,This game IS the best games I have EVER played in my life!
,Recommended,287840,27108494,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PSIONIIC_PIKEL,"Not the same as the others, but still pretty good!"
,Not Recommended,287840,28264572,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Riddles In Silence,"- Decent plaformer all things considered- Extremely disappointing under-use of Rangs- Cringeworthy ""cutscenes"" and dialogue- Puzzle solving decently fun until you realize you need a specific Rang to find 90% of the goodies- Super duper short- Frustrating controls at times, which comes to point during the boss fight. Good lord, that boss fight...- Stupidly easy. Just run in a straight line and spam the Rang button- Feels kind of like a mobile title- Unbeatable pricetag during sale ($1.49)- Would buy again, simply due to the value, but would not recommend"
,Not Recommended,287840,34118547,Posted: 8 August,all,denshaonna,"Nostalgia made me buy this game, but I feel like I tried too hard to enjoy my playtime."
,Recommended,287840,20462485,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Nora (Birthday in 3 days),I grew up on this series of games so this review is probly going to be fairly blinded by that factI personaly quite enjoy this game it may not be challenging but I dont think thats what it sets out to be it's defenatly a fun very bazar quest of a game the pc defalt controlls are pretty wonky however so a controller is heartily recomended if you want to get the most out of this game. it shares the same problem as Ty2 where the colectaton nature of the very first game (the kind of colectaton nature that makes the game unplayable with out a walk through) forces the game to have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of anoying colectables and side questsif the game simply droped the colectables down to 25% of the current size the game would be much better off but as it stands I give this game a hard thumb up its♥♥♥♥
76561198048334783,Not Recommended,287840,28957627,Posted: 2 January,all,Barry B Benson,"It's hard for me to recommend this game, because the series really took a bad turn from classic 3D platformers to a simple, generic 2D one. The series always was a classic to me,  the music, gameplay, and characters all brought me back to my childhood, a good hit of nostalgia, and that's why I was so happy for the first to be remade for steam. That being said, I was ecstatic when I first heard that a 4th game was made, but that soon turned to disappointment. I mean I have no idea what the devs were thinking, downgrading to an arcade style game from their epic older ones. This review will be both positive and negative. The game itself is not bad, but again I bought it during the 2016 winter sale so I only paid about a buck and a half for it, so my view on the game might be different had I paid full price. When I got the game I was expected a boring mess, but it was surpisingly OK and I actually enjoyed it. I don't think it will catch my attention enough to finish it, but it definately surprised me. It was harder than I expected (not hard, but harder than I thought), and the gameplay is somewhat enjoyable. It would be a much better game had it not been a complete downgrade from it's previous ones. If you enjoy 2D arcade style platformers then this may be for you and I'd recommend it. Although if you've played any of the previous Ty games, I'd suggest contemplating before you buy it as although the characters, sounds, and feeling is similar, the game is nothing like the old ones, and recommending it for you would be harder for me. The game itself is not bad, but I'm gonna give it a thumbs down due to the utter dissapointment. I'd suggest to the devs if they continue with the Ty series they either return to the original concept of the Ty games (3D platformer) or work on putting the 2nd and 3rd games on Steam. Honestly the game feels like the devs got lazy and made a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt to profit off of the used-to-be-dead Ty series.Final words: Not a bad game but a dissapointment"
,Recommended,287840,18435727,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,bigchs,"I found a cite that gives reviews for games like this, and it was kind of funny. I thought they were spot on with what to expect.http://a44.694.myftpupload.com/2015/10/game-review-ty-the-tasmanian-tiger-4/"
76561198047868578,Not Recommended,287840,32704537,Posted: 23 June,all,jcbvickers,"This game is a pretty well made side scroller latform, but if you're looking for a Ty game, you'll be sorely let down."
76561198077341011,Not Recommended,287840,21219284,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,beb da bilda,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the earlier ones. Like seriously, how can this be worse than Ty 2? I mean, Ty 2 was ♥♥♥♥ing great. But two games later and then this? I'm honestly very disappointed in this game."
,Recommended,287840,31052695,Posted: 9 April,all,Terminal 7 DIABETES,concept art the game
,Not Recommended,287840,19045310,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,baja gaijin,"I don't think I can sum up my impressions of this game more succinctly than paraphrasing the film In Bruges: ""I've already played Blade Kitten. I love Blade Kitten. If I grew up in Australia, and this was my first game, Ty 4 might impress me, but I didn't, so it doesn't.""That's it. That's literally all this game has going for it: it bleeds Australia from every orifice like it's some continent-specific hemmorhagic fever, and it's a much, much worse Blade Kitten mechanically, probably because it's a port of a Windows Phone game. The exact instant I gave up on the game was when something I assumed to be background (because I had used it as a platform already) blew up and killed me when I fell back down and touched it. It's inconsistent, repetitive, and I seriously can't stress how much it leans on its nation of origin in lieu of personality. Avoid."
76561198120569822,Not Recommended,287840,18223660,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Gromma,"The biggest downside to this game is that there isn't enough of it. The game is so short, and if I wasnt lost on how to kill the crabs to beat a level (you have to use power attack to stun them, then attack them to finish them) I would have finished the game in 4 hours.The game is pretty fun and nostalgic, however you are probably looking to get 3-5 hours on this game to beat the story. There are several bugs and quality of life changes that they could have made to make the experience better.1) When dashing under water, when you rise to the top you will dash in the direction that you are looking and you will be stopped for around 2 seconds and are unable to do anything.2) Not sure if this is intended or not, but you can spam your power attack in the air while moving to basically move in a horizontal line, this is different from the intended slow fall mechanic in the game.3) Clipping onto ledges and dropping down from platforms feels very clunky and could be improved upon.4) Most of the mobs are one-hit-one-kill, and I did not see a difficulty option. The game was way too easy to just run through and just spam your boomerangs just one shotting everything.5) The objectives to actually complete the level arent stated anywhere other than in the text at the beginning of the level, which most people skip anyways. If you press escape it shows you the bonus objectives that you can complete, but not the main objective that you must complete to go on to the next level. Going along with this, the quest objectives where you go and turn the generators on shows you the path that the game wishes for you to take, and it does not adjust if you have already gotten the generators. It will point you in the direction of a generator that you have already found. The arrows that appear over your head in this situation will point in the completely wrong direction and it is quite frustrating.I was wondering why they made this game a platformer, and after the countless hours of fun that I had playing it when I was younger on the ps2, I'm left to be disappointed by the lack of gameplay that there is in this game.I would say if you want to spend 6 dollars for around five hours of fun, then go ahead, but I wish that I had not."
,Not Recommended,287840,18125770,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Burnout Beat,"I nice game for what it is, but with all the glitches where I get stuck in platforms, the charcters get this weird folding problem with their arms, legs and the textures overlap everyoncew in a while.  Besides that the game is pretty solid and I would give it a 6.5/10.Pro: Tight controls, nice graphics, decent story & wonderful soundtrackCons: No Voice acting, no animated cutscenes, & occasional platform glitches6.5/10Play for nostalgia."
,Recommended,287840,18996075,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Mississippy,"Despite what people are saying about how it's ""not a real TY game"" I gotta say, it's a pretty fun, chill platformer. It's not exactly difficult but I think it's fun to explore the worlds and collect all the♥♥♥♥♥♥ That's basically all there is to it."
,Recommended,287840,19003836,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,D.E.M.,"Gameplay(5/10) would be higher if the game didnt crash so ♥♥♥♥ing often. Also you have infinate lives, which is common now i guess? Also All the extra rangs but the one that lets you see invisible stuff are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the Ty 2 versions of them.Music (8/10) Good work George as always.Art (5/10) Steve I cannot stand your style.Story (2/10) Too many unanswered questions for the small amount of story there was.Overall (5.5/10) I'm a fan of the Ty series and this was as good the GBA versions of 2 and 3. This was suppose to be like a Rayman reboot to the series but it completely falls flat. Much effort was put in but It is time to let the series die."
,Recommended,287840,19342074,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Crashman,"This game is a nifty little platformer, easy to pick up and super fun to play especially if you are a fan of the series. The costumes area has a little blast from the past having characters from all the previous games.hoping that this will cause a kick to get the other 3 ported over to pc!"
76561198200715395,Recommended,287840,19270425,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,SomeCallMeAnto,"Ty is back! This game is amazing, while the original trilogy was 3D, this 2D platformer is incredibly fun and exciting and fresh to play as it isn't following the trend of the latest indie 2D platformers. The sound and music is superb, animation is a bit stiff, but it's not too bad. Unlike the 2nd and 3rd games in the series, the story is simple and doesn't take itself too seriously, which is really nice and enjoyable to see, however the writing is still fairly good. This game is well worth your money, especially because supporting this game supports Krome Studios, which in turn supports the first 3 games being ported to Steam and possibly modern day consoles! Keep it up Krome! It's great to see Ty again!"
,Recommended,287840,19720597,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan M.D.,"Nostalgia hit me where it counts with this game, using sound effects and characters from older TY games. But if you're a newcomer to the series the charming visuals and funky australian music will probably attract you. If not it's the rayman origins-esque style of platforming. If not those then I don't really know. The shiny opals maybe.Overall, for fans of the series (there's dozens of us, DOZENS!) and newcomers this is a great platforming experience that's sadly quite underrated (and that goes for the entire series too)."
,Recommended,287840,19663993,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,thewordvirus,"The other reviewers have said Ty 4 is too easy. Well, if you only plan on running through the main game, from points a to  b, sure, it's pretty easy. But if you want to complete all the sidequests, it's quite challenging. And as there is no guide on here, so far, that is a bit of a tricky task.The gameplay itself is pretty smooth. Controls are responsive. The game looks great, plays like a playstation 1 or 2 era platformer (as it should), and has a wonderful soundtrack. While it was short (I arrived at the final boss at what seemed to be out of the blue) the replay value is relatively high: there are plenty of sidequests and items to find, minigames, leaderboards, and an assortment of suits and rangs to buy, so really you can't go wrong with the price for this one.I found Ty to be a relaxing game--only as hard as you want it to be. I would definitely recommend it to fans of the series or fans of the old Spyro and Crash titles, but it may not deliever as much to the Steam crowd who likes extremely difficult games that turn old conventions on their head. Still, I had a great time. Big thumbs up."
,Recommended,287840,22682679,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Mendes,Out of all the Thylacine in the world right now Ty is my favorite.
,Recommended,287840,22035700,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Cosmic Castaway ⎝👽⎠,"I'm a big fan of the Ty games, but I was dissappointed to see that it had been reduced to a cheap 2D plat former. I bought it anyways to support the release of the Ps2 trilogy on Steam, but I was not dissapointed after playing. It's loads of fun, and still has the Ty charm. It has no voice acting, but I could still read everything in the right voices."
76561198105893091,Recommended,287840,21680839,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,kennyjones91,We need more TY Games
76561198130953578,Recommended,287840,21626162,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,aTinyFox,I've played TY 2 (GCN and GBA) and TY 3 (GCN) and this one is alot better than i had hoped; but i will say that i find it strange that you are taken to the start menu after exiting a level (not a big deal though). i was so surprised when i saw this on steam.
76561198066689229,Recommended,287840,21792412,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,supermaxqaz,"So, its happened . . . . The first game is ported."
76561198198109554,Recommended,287840,21288652,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,segunnell,"I'll admit, the controls were a little broken and those water enemies were annoying, but this really did feel like a breath of freash air for a Ty fan.  I hope they make a Ty the Tasmanian Tiger 5."
76561198199405079,Recommended,287840,21271879,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,kastel88,Really enjoying the game works really well. Awesome game just hope steam gets the Ty series so they all can be bought to play on steam.
,Recommended,287840,20372408,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,MogagazuborosoKusaremagurobaromi,B
76561198256125356,Recommended,287840,20630530,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,TheRopster,"This game has some interesting new characters and really brings back my childhood which I thought had come to and end after the third game. It feels similar to the new Rayman games and is relatively unique in terms of the boomerang combat. I also love how this game nods towards the previous titles, such as how you have to escort Dennis using the flaming barrels.If you're new to the series then I do suggest playing the first three games since this one doesn't exactly give the full atmosphere that the series offers, but this game is still good nonetheless."
,Recommended,287840,19967158,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Vax'ildan,"This game is a great platformer! Great soundtrack, fun to play, beautiful artwork. It's a great game for fans as it includes classic sound effects and characters and a fun story. Now all we need is a HD remake of all of the rest of the series to come out on steam!"
,Recommended,287840,19965363,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,좀비 [Zambie],While it may not have been the 3D platformer I played as a child I'd still commend it for being a great 2D platformer. Since the HD collection has not been confirmed yet this is as close as you'll get for now. Not to say that it is in any way inferior to the original console series it is a great stand alone.
76561198059910239,Recommended,287840,21876313,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Leinhart_Izumi,"Yeah the game is good but, it d'it not absorbed me like the Trilogy d'it long time ago. I remember that, the second i get the Inforang, i would go and explore everywhere in a open 3D world for Secret's and Collcatables. Or buying a key for a robot a permits you to dive in under lava for a level. And Beating up Quinkan's  with costume boomerang's that you can create with Bunyip Stones, (til you get the Shadow Rang witch one Shot every Quinkan's you attack). But in Ty 4, The 3D open world was been switch to a 2D plaformer, and if you want to exlpore, you have to go a level selection to play. and the atmosphere of this game feel's blame without voice actors like the Trilogy d'it. And some side mission feel's like you have accomplish nothing + my game keeps crashing for me in Level 2-2-1. But some it all up, do i recomened this game to anyone? In fact yeah, i do recomened this game for any suckers that love's that kind of slow 2D platformer's that have a Time Trails section's in level's  where your rank against the world base on your time. But for new people's that what's to become a Ty Fan like Me, I recomened Playing the Trilogy's first instead of Ty 4 first."
,Recommended,287840,28389631,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,👉❧Daisuki69🕵👌,This game is amazing! I had the prequels for GameCube and ps2 back on the days lol.Only down side is that it's 2d now. But that's ok because gameplay is really really fun. I honestly think this is more fun than 1 and Bush Rescue. I
,Recommended,287840,29023706,Posted: 4 January,all,jchard,"Ty the Tasmanian Tiger was one of my absolute favorite childhood games. I loved and still do adore the open ended 3D collectathon platformer format, and while it was no Banjo-Kazooie Ty still pulled it off rather well. I plan on revisiting the game again when I purchase the HD rerelease on here shortly. Ty 2? I thought it looked kinda cool at first but in all honesty it never held my interest for very long. Although it was supposed to be more open world it ended up feeling lesser with things divided into missions instead of big open levels to explore. Ty 3? I own it but haven't even gotten around to playing it yet, and judging from what I've heard about it I'm not missing too much.So when I saw that the fourth Ty game was on sale for less than 2 dollars, I quickly jumped at it. Honestly I expected something fairly underwhelming, but the nostalgia alone would be worth that money I thought.However I was pleasantly surprised. Ty the Tasmanian Tiger 4 won't blow you away, but it's a fun distraction at the very least. First off,  I loved the graphics of this game. Everything looks crisp and vibrant in its 2D animated style. Ty's use of the Australian landscape has always been something that has intrigued me and it's never looked better.The controls were also quite great, Ty moves where you want all the time and I enjoyed that you could play the game just using the trigger and bumper buttons. (though I mainly stuck to the face buttons) Also Ty's swimming was great, it was swift and easy to control, not awkward like so many games like to make it.I enjoyed the variety of things each level had, from collectables to time attacks to side missions to even chasing a turkey!(I always hated him as a kid) And the levels didn't just have one straight pathway, there was always multiple ways to go.Were there downsides? Yeah. I have to admit after a while the game got a little repetitive, as is often the case for these simpler 2D platformers. It was also fairly short, not too bad but it did feel like it sorta ended abruptly. Also the final boss was quite a let down, it felt like the least challenging part of the game.Also I didn't care for the game's audio much. I found a lot of the songs to get rather annoying over time, they were too repetitive for my taste in all honesty. And no voice acting? Mildly dissapointing.Do I recommend Ty 4? Sure, if you're looking for decent platformer that won't tax your brain too much. I'd love to see Krome Studios try a new original 3D Ty game in the future, but for now? Ty 4 is a perfectly acceptable addition to this franchise."
