user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,287860,15049263,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Evaheist,"Sluggy, uninteresting and probably copy pasted together by some kids into Contra and Megaman on the NES, this game hardly tries to have its own atmosphere or mechanics. Weapons, other than the assault rifle are rather useless and the only challenge here comes from ""bullet hell"" situations where there's plenty of projectiles being shot at you from different angles.I thought the nostalgic value would at least tide me over but this game is like a hack of a Chinese bootleg contra, and NOT in a good way unfortunately. The graphics are bland and the animations are simplistic. Although to be fair, they do their jobs alright.Spend your money on something with a little more character. This plays like a free flash fan project you'd find in some obscure Chinese website. You can finish it in less than an hour.Cool soundtrack though."
,Not Recommended,287860,12533279,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,FirstUtterance,"Yeah I'm just repeating what everyone else is saying, it's Contra, but lame. Unlike the majority of people I really disliked Contra 4 but I might just have to reassess that game after playing this. Hell you'll probably have a better time playing Contra Force than this (even though to this game's credit it ran smoothly whereas CF is notorious for its slowdown). Contra Force is the game where it seems to take most of its inspiration actually, with its more ""down-to-earth"" military theme instead of aliens, mutants and robots you'd normally fight. Here, it's mainly tanks, airplanes, trucks, with only a couple of robot-ish things to battle. It's probably better than Legacy of War and C: The Contra Adventure... maybe, so there's that.Let me talk about the options menu first. You have two difficulties, easy and normal. No hard available at all, which I'm not complaining about, as the game is irritating enough on its default difficulty, but it just looks odd, especially for a game like this. Also, resolution settings - rather than select from a list like a normal game, when you select it it'll immediately switch to the next resolution up and automatically adjust your screen accordingly. This didn't cause me any problems but it did for others apparently, as in crashes and such. Well I flicked through the resolution options until I came across one that didn't look like everything was stretched across the screen like latex before moving on.So, as said, the game is Contra. Except the levels look more widely spaced as afforded by the higher resolutions not available on the older consoles. And the one-hit deaths/continue system has been replaced by a health bar and checkpoints. It does make the game seem easier than most Contras, theoretically but because of certain design decisions it feels much more frustrating to play. You have a health bar but it can drop down very easily when getting hit by various things around you, taking anywhere from 2 to 4 hits off your life bar. Levels are short, and you have at least one checkpoint in between, but that's where things get interesting (actually the only interesting thing about this game). The levels are set on a five-minute timer, and if you die after a checkpoint, the timer doesn't stop, so die often enough, you may come back with only 16 worthless seconds left and then it's time to redo the whole level again.Otherwise it sticks to Contra very closely, sometimes almost blatantly ripping off levels from the series wholesale (such as the first level in the first Contra stuck somewhere in the middle of the game). Sprites are similar, and are competently drawn, but lack color and the art design in general is dull. There is some nice-looking parallax scrolling, most noticeable in the biker stage, and it runs smoothly, but it is totally uninspired. It's a game that copies the dull tones and browns of your average modern military shooter but ""retro"" style. Same with the music. Yeah they sound ""8-bit"" but none of it is catchy, memorable, well-composed or does anything - whether to pump you up, ratchet up tension, no, none of that - except sound ""8-bit."" It's as faceless as the protagonist and the tacked-on story about playing a game of nuclear missile hot potato with whoever the villains are. You'll probably find a more fleshed-out story in any of the other Contra games ever made than here, and better endings too.Now the experience of playing the game itself... it feels slow and dull, with mediocre level design, broadly spaced-out enemies and traps, and really, really crappy weapons. Your default gun is probably what you'll be using most of the game as power-ups are few and far between, and what power-ups you get you'll lose pretty quickly from dying (that you carry over what health you had from the last level to the next doesn't help). Don't worry, because most of those are boring too, except for the homing missiles, and they managed to find a way to bork those as well, as I found many instances of the missiles just circling around enemies or bypassing them and not even hitting their appropriate target unless you're like, standing right next to them.There's been talk of the controls being poor and indeed there are issues I have with them. You have eight-directional shooting, and shooting diagonally means having to run in that direction. This might have been how a bunch of Contra games also were designed but I don't recall them being as irritating as they are here. Because of how widely open/empty the levels are, the puniness of your pea shooter (which would be an apt description for any weapon you get), the tiny enemies on screen with equally tiny bullets coming from different directions you can't see, how slow your character feels and responds compared to any character in any Contra game, and some questionable hit box detection (I've fired right through a dude's head and it did nothing - there also were missiles firing straight at a platform below me and at one point I just arbitrarily took damage, standing there), makes for an unpleasant concoction of annoyances that as the game goes on and gets harder become more visible and make you want to throw the keyboard across the table.And I've saved the worst for last - the bike-riding stage, the penultimate level of the game. I thought at first ""oh nice a bit of variety for once"" but nope these frustrations manifest even more horribly here. I still don't know what sense to make of this level. First one of the biggest dangers of the level, isn't the bullets, isn't missiles, but barrels. Yes, a truck appears at the beginning and end and throws barrels at you that take away three hit points as opposed to two from bullets. They appear to be empty barrels too. It throws three of them at you at a time and there's no logical perception as to where these things actually bounce toward. Even if you move out of the way after they're thrown, they seem to hit you anyway. Homing barrels? Oh and the same rules apply here as they do with the regular stages but you're on a constantly moving bike, making diagonal firing, a necessity when the annoying helicopter/invincible barrel truck combo come along, more of a pain. Before that though you have to weave through traffic by... shooting down pedestrian vehicles? Some of who will just try to ram into you? What drunk idiot designed this level? Oh and the boss fight. Getting a hit in is almost impossible without getting hit yourself, he crams you in with his bullet fire so much, and moves back and forth in patterns that make no sense and will certainly kill you. By the time you get to the second stage of the fight, where it's ""BULLETS BULLETS BULLETSSS!"" you will be low enough on health that you'll die the moment it starts. Here is where I said ""Screw this bull****"" and just set it to easy, where the barrels destroy as normal empty wooden barrels would with a high-powered gun, and where I could proceed to the final level (where I switched back to normal) and be done with this stupid game for good. Oh, the last level isn't very good either and exemplifies ""diagonal shooting"" with its final boss at its worst but at least it's not the biker stage.The low price and Contra-looking aesthetics and gameplay may be tempting but really, don't bother. It's a game made by Contra fans who grew bored of their project the moment they started it, yet somehow finished it. Maybe if this was 75% off (which would make it about $0.99 in my currency), OK. Plus there's local co-op, which I haven't tried as someone with no friends, let alone ones who would be willing enough to share the boredom with me, but if you do, I guess that might be an incentive to part ways with one of your Washingtons, but for everyone else, stick with your emulators or cartridges of the older Contra games, if you're lucky enough to have them (my rec: Contra: Hard Corps for the Genesis, an amazing game and the polar opposite of this sad little thing."
76561197979099092,Not Recommended,287860,14657622,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,mcgrew,"This game is trying to be Contra, but I'd rather play Contra. The game seems to only run at one resolution (800 x 600) and only in windowed mode, no full screen. After all of that, I decided to play anyway, The control is alright, but the game play is rather slow. Then the game crashed on the first stage, so I gave up.Had this been on the NES 30 years ago, it could possibly be forgiven, but for a recent PC game, it is a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,287860,12679013,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Mofuji,"8-Bit Command is a horrible little game where your primary source of death isn't enemy fire, but rather cheap instant kill pits and traps that you simply cannot avoid. Also because the game doesn't see fit to lock your controls while firing, much less give you the option to do so, firing at an angle is more than likely to send you charging off into a pit to your death, especially during bosses, which nearly all have said instant death pits.The weapon system makes no sense; given no actual choice, you randomly can go from your weak default weapon to a laser gun, a homing missile launcher or a machine gun, and all the while not a single one seems to be stronger than any other. The only one that seems to have any significant power behind it is what appears to be a grenade launcher, but even that is rare that it may as well not even exist in the game.The music, of which you will be hearing over and over due to the cheap deaths slowly drills its way into your mind, grinding your will to live down until the sound of a tortured cat would be preferable. Or maybe the sound of a cat being tortured as rendered through a Sega SG-1000. Either would be better than this, which seems to be babies first attempt at making 8-bit sounding music.An overall bland looking, incredibly irritating to the ears game with no redeeming value other than it was cheap. But even then, I spent 3.50 USD too much for this thing."
76561197964563358,Recommended,287860,26292504,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,NicoFar22,"To be honest, I don’t really understand all of the negative feedback this game gets. It really isn’t as bad as everyone makes it out to be. If you are a fan of Contra and Super C on the NES then this is more of a modern take on the classic design. I say, for the price, it is well worth a look."
,Recommended,287860,35106397,Posted: 21 September,all,Tezlakipuka,"Decent 8-bit implementation, but nothing special in this category+ Graphics, sound and effects are well made for an 8-bit+ Great enemy and map variety+ multiplayer works really well+ Steam Controller worked really well+ it's still getting updated after 6 years= the soundtrack is decent but got a bit annoying after a while= not a big fan of the keyboard controls, they often were reacting slow and I had problems targeting downwards- after changing the resolution the game froze to a black screen and I had to reinstall and manually delete the config (apparently others are reporting the same problem in reviews)- weapons were boring, their effects and variation was way too small. You keep weapons after restarting a level. Switching weapons is way too complicatedOverall, the price of 2,99€ is acceptable"
,Not Recommended,287860,13915047,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kot Lasu,Not what I was hoping for = this game is not as fast & awesome as NES Contra.
76561197987440040,Not Recommended,287860,25226966,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,RokRoland,"As an old hat C64 guy, I was hoping for a Gryzor or Green Beret to help my nostalgy in an improved fashion.Unfortunately the game is sluggish to play and the character is unresponsive, the game already seems repetitive after the first level, the life mechanic is silly (eat 10 bullets or♥♥♥♥♥♥up a jump and it is game over) and the music is mediocre.I remember Army Moves being more engaging and it was quite basic in itself."
76561197996105897,Not Recommended,287860,18031320,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Brandon,"Bad frame rate, short levels, short game. Play a Metal Slug, Contra, Super C, Contra III, or Contra Hard Corps instead. It is a shame. The game has appealing graphics and decent music. Wasted potential."
76561197982371705,Not Recommended,287860,21560125,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,vizualartist,"Beat the game in 30 minutes.  No achievements but there's a leaderboard to see how your score for each level ranks.  The graphics and style are good for what it's trying to do, which is a Contra knock off.  I used a ""retrolink"" NES controller and it worked perfectly.  There are 6 short stages with a boss battle at the end of each and once beat become unlocked so you can select any one of at your leisure.  There are unlimited continues from checkpoints in each stage but there's a time limit that if it runs out you have to start from the begining of the stage.  It captures of glimmer of what made a NES game, but doesn't deliver the entire package, it's just too short and too easy.Update 7/3/2016:  There are now achievements, but also my NES controller no longer works properly with this game, it won't register a jump with it, I had to use my xbox controller."
,Recommended,287860,30308979,Posted: 3 March,all,MrTtype,Well obviously if you liked Green Beret(Rush N Attack on your NES) or Gryzor(Contra) you'd probably like this unless your a precious Contra fanboy and nothing can compare...It reminded me of Saigon Combat Unit. Which I liked. So I liked this.
76561198136481504,Recommended,287860,19166237,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,PyronzaI,"I like this game and the effort put into it was valiant. It also has that very retro feel to it you know. It's no Super Cyborg or Contra 2, but...all in all, it's just another version of Contra. Those tunes sure kick♥♥♥♥♥though! I'd recommend this to anyone who loves Contra, like me. It may not offer anything new, except the laser-whip maybe... but, who cares!? The developers put some good effort into the game, so what's not to like? Try this game out! It's worth the 5 bucks, even though it's just a little too short. Unless of course, you get this on sale, which is even better."
,Not Recommended,287860,15133399,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,b82a,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ contra ripoff, try harder"
76561198047936755,Recommended,287860,10336780,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Fake Name,"Fix the X-Box controls.They have been working on this game lately, and is now playable with an X-Box 360 controller, whereas initially it was very twitchy. It's nice to know they take pride in their work. This is an enjoyable contra-like game now (still not nearly as good as the originals). I've always wanted to enjoy this game, and that is now possible. I may add to this review as I play more, but for now it satisfies the type of game I sought."
,Recommended,287860,10331244,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Jeneki,"Imagine if you will, a shirtless guy shooting a machine gun and jumping over bullets.  If you think that's awesome, this game is for you.Good stuff:Yes, it's fun.  You run around, shoot stuff, and dodge enemy firepower.  The jumping controls work well, so I don't have any problems in the platforming sections.Powerups are varied, and some weapons have different shot types depending if you tap the button or hold it down.  The basic starter machine gun is strong enough that I never feel underpowered.There's an online leaderboard that grades your performance on a per-level basis, for those who enjoy improving their technique. Personally I love this sort of thing.There's also a 2-player coop mode, however I haven't tried it.Weird stuff:Increasing the screen resolution zooms out the game, which allows you see further and attack enemies from farther away.  For example, 1920x1080 looks like a dual-screen arcade game like Ninja Warriors or Darius.  It also makes everything really small and hard to see, so personally I'll stick with the default resolution.Bad Stuff:Using a turbo controller could be abusive, as the game doesn't seem to limit on your fire rate.  However it should be noted that accuracy is graded at the end of each stage, so using extreme fire rates may be a bad idea if you want to compete on the leaderboards."
76561198255952698,Recommended,287860,26712968,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,James,its just like contra
,Recommended,287860,10654941,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mikaroni,"The game is short, and it doesn't play like classic contra like I hoped. If you are feeling nostalgic, then just go download and play contra. This game isn't terrible, but unless it's less than two dollars, I'd steer clear of this one.If you do decide to get this one, I found a secret at the beginning of the game. Jump on the very first fence, then onto the first platform. Do jumps and shoot upwards and upwards at angles and a spread shot falls out of the sky and the music changes. That is the only area of the game that has the spread shot."
,Recommended,287860,14219866,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Merim,"Very classic, very retro, very fun. The gameplay is good, and not sure what the comments are saying when this seems to apparently be the ""ripoff"" of some game. Anyways, to those that never heard of the game the comments mentions, go ahead and try it as it has different levels and quite challenging ones. Expect harder difficulty eventually in some point. Unless you do heard of it, then your choice.I never heard of it, so i have no issues playing this game."
,Recommended,287860,10336845,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Big_Retching,"Contra with a richer color palette. Highly Recommended!Heres a little video of my first impressionshttp://youtu.be/PK-_R0WCErMIn all honesty, this game feels just like playing on NES, only with a little richer fidelity. For those of you who didn't try Contra on the Nes (poor child), this is a great chance to find out what all the rage was back then.Tight Controls. Fair Difficulty. Varied boss-fights and Environments! And for the elderly crowd (me included), it has a health bar, as opposed to its former colleagues.I never had a chance to try Coop, but i imagine the game truly shines there aswell, atleast, it ought to. This is something i will try later if i find another 8-bit buddy, but so far i am truly glad i got to spend some time with this little gem today :) Please add me if you want to play Coop, i imagine we can play this over tunngle or something similar.Awesome things: It played great on my usb nes controller, and i almost forgot for a second this was on the pc.Bad things: like pointed out in other reviews, the playing field gets incredibly large when playing in 1920X1080, so i recommend playing it at a lower res like it probably was intended. You wont know the difference, other than the camera not zooming out like crazy."
,Recommended,287860,10340276,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Fluffy The Destroyer,"A good 2D action platformer that reminds me of Contra and other similar title. Good soundtrack as well. Even though theres not enough levels (completed in 2 hours), the strong point of this game is the level design. Every level feels very different and nothing feels the same. Except the enemies which could be described as cannon fodder but with a title like this...its to be expectedhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtDyh5RNgLI&feature=share&list=UU-uwEmhonl7C8jWqEbrFb7A"
,Recommended,287860,10333835,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,ScottishGeek Plays,This takes me back to my gaming days on the sega master system. I reccomend this to nostalgia junkies everywhere :) A quick look video will be on my channel later
,Recommended,287860,10344297,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,TheTurnipKing,It's not Contra.  It doesn't have the pace or the sheer amount of enemies or bullets on screen to live up to that comparison.Probably more fun than throwing 279 pennies at the homeless.
76561198079853312,Not Recommended,287860,28189468,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Bariand,"I bought this because I wanted to play another Contra, and Konamy isn't exaclty interested in making another one. i didn't have any expectations, I just wanted a minimally solid run and gun platfomer to pass the time. So, how does this little game holds up? Well, pretty badly. This title has so many things going wrong it's hard to start. Well, let's go with the music. The music is done by some artist that may be famous, he may be good in his art and all, but the sound track doesn't mix well with the action. I makes the game boring. Remember Contra first stage, how warlike was that music? It was heart poundig, well done, made for an action game. It FELT good. In this game, the music makes you want to go to a moderate walk, instead of running, jumping and shotting aliens in the face. Then there are the levels. They are relatively long, with a lot of platforms, barrels, boxes and other stuff with no purpose whatsoever. Enemies are bland and not numerous. Some stages felt even a bit devoid of life (and action). Also, enemies have this tendency of shotting fast and outside the screen. It makes dodging bullets hard, but you don't die in the first shot here, you have a life bar (this game is not really hard compared to Contra either). Sometimes you only realise there is an enemy there after getting shot. To make things worse, your character is relativelly slow, not even close to the ninjas that were Bill and Lance. Yeah, in Metal Slug you control slow characters that can't even shoot in diagonals, but in that game enemies shoot (generally) slow and have predictable behaviour. You also die with a single shot too, differently from 8-Bit Commando. I also had some problems with a player 2 always spawning around and despawning in my playthrougs. Have no ideia if it is intended that way or not and I don't know how to fix it (and I don't care anymore). Then, there are the bosses. The ideas are not bad. Helicopters and other military stuff attack you with predictable patterns in straight forward routines. I liked them a bit. Sadly, they are not very engaging, but I think they are the best part of this game. Anyway, I didn't finish this and I never will... If you can get it for LESS than a Dollar (pra mim não vale mais que 1 real!) and you are REALLY craving for something that barely resembles Contra, that's ok. But keep in mind you may be still wasting you money even so..."
