user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,287980,19662279,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,"yes, this is tim","People are calling this game 'Calming,' or 'Zen.' Is it, really? The design is minimalist, and the audio is subdued, and you can pause whenever you want - but all that just disguises what is actually one of the most deviously clever and difficult puzzle games I've ever seen.So: Stations are little shapes on the map. People show up at each little shape, wanting to go to some other shape. You connect the shapes with metro lines, and a little train will show up to ferry people along the lines you drew to get everyone where they want to go. There's a few more mechanics, but that's 90% of it.There are only so many metro configurations you can have for any given map, but with every station that pops up, the possibilities increase in number exponentially. There's neverquiteenough lines or enough carriages or enough tunnels to keep all of your passengers totally satisfied. In essence, playing this game is endlessly performing triage on an ever-growing network that's a few bad decisions away from becoming an unsustainable mess and collapsing under its own weight. It's mind-warping how fast things can get out of hand if you're careless.Forget Telltale; here, every choice you make feels genuinely heavy and difficult, because they actually are heavy, difficult choices. Crucially, though, there's always a right choice that will keep you alive for at least another week. Every game ends in you frantically trying to fix a bottleneck in your network, or deperately rerouting half your lines to ease up the congestion in one distant corner of your map - and failing. But there's alwayssomethingyou could have done, out of the umptillion different decisions the game threw at you.This game is terrifying. I've been pulling my hair out. The quiet bleeps and bloops of the passengers arriving and leaving no longer register as something Calming or Zen but as something far more sinister. Needless to say, I absolutely love it."
,Recommended,287980,12615809,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Chris believes in Raptors,"<Review Update> I originally reviewed this game in 2014.  Since then the game has added a number of features.  First, the game has sound and music now (they are sort of one and the same.  All sounds are music notes, and all the notes make the music.), which I think is quite good.  You get an audio cue now when things start to become frantic, as the music tempo begins to pick up.  Secondly, there are now more modes and objectives, which gives even returning players something new to accomplish.  Third, the game now has much better options, including color blind modes and automatic gif recording of your metro system.  Fourth, I can now confirm that the game works great with touchscreen systems like the Microsoft Surface.  Past these items, the core gameplay stays the same (just smoother) against my alpha review from two years ago.  I continue to recommend the game with two big thumbs up.<End Update>Mini Metro belongs to the category I call ""Optimization Games.""  These are games like Banished, Prison Architect or Sim City.  These sort of games are more about building the best thing you can with your resources available, and less about reaching a ""win"" state.Mini Metro is a extremely minimalist version of these sorts of games.  Whereas in a game like Banished you'll be trying to balance population growth, food supplies, trading resources, lumber, etc, Mini Metro just asks you to get your passengers from station A to station B.Mini Metro doesn't have saves or anything, and you can expect a single round of the game to last about 15-20 minutes.  During this time, stations of various shapes will pop up, and they'll begin to have passengers show up.  Your goal is to build your rail lines in a way that gets the people to their intended station.  Have too many passengers waiting too long to get somewhere and you lose.Where Mini Metro really succeeds is that it builds a lot of tension easily thanks to the constant need to incorporate new locations, while only giving you minimal additional resources.  Can your Red Train Line handle an extra circle station?  Maybe you can rearrange the stations a bit to fit that new station onto your Yellow Train Line instead?  You'll be juggling these decisions constantly.Overall, I highly recommend Mini Metro.  It's kept me occupied for longer than many other optimization games have.  Despite it's simplicity, there's a lot of room to improve your skills in the game, and I tend to find myself thinking of new station arrangements when I'm not playing.  That's the sign of a good game, and it's the same feeling games like XCom or Banished gave me.  If you enjoy these sorts of games, I would very much say it's worth your money, even in it's current Alpha state."
,Recommended,287980,18966381,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,internisus,The most elegantly designed anxiety attack you will ever have.
,Recommended,287980,32868914,Posted: 27 June,all,[F|H]Stronkie,"What can I say , I just love these simple things. It helps me relax. No stress and a simple game to learn.It is on summer sale I would get it.. You will not waste your money here"
,Recommended,287980,16455222,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kemo,"Mini Metro is a simplistic strategy game where you must design train lines connecting different parts of one of many major cities. You begin with three lines, three trains and some tunnels (number of tunnels depends on the city) and each week you unlock a new train to use as well as one of two other things such as a new line, more tunnels and carriages to attach to your existing trains. As time goes by new stations will open and you'll need to connect them to existing lines or create entirely new lines, managing your lines effectively is key as the game ends when a station is overcrowded for too long.+Simple but fitting art style, it looks just like London Underground maps and I can't think of anything that would suit this game better+The controls are nice and simple, all you have to do is drag your mouse from one station to the next in order to connect them+Already quite a few different cities to try out+It's incredibly relaxing to play+If the default game is too bright for you (if you have sensitive eyes like myself you may find this) then you can turn on Night Time mode which makes everything considerably darker+The UI is very basic and stays out of your way most of the time which really adds to the feeling that you're looking at a real map+There's a number of different types/shapes of stations, having to connect one of each type to each line to move passengers effectively adds a nice level of challenge to the game+As well as the normal gamemode which I briefly explained earlier there is also an endless mode where station overcrowding does not end the game and your only goal is to make your city as effecient as possible+Station positions are different every time you play+As is expected of such a game you can fast forward time as well as pause (pausing is very handy if you want to completely redesign all of your lines)+/-Sound has now been added to the game but personally I think it's a little too basic, there aren't any sound effects for the trains themselves, just your actions, e.g. connecting up two stations.Verdict:Essential PurchaseA simplistic strategy game that has a great concept, a fitting art style, simple controls, simple gameplay and is ever so relaxing to play. If you're looking for a simple strategy game to play or you're a regular user of the trains in one of the playable cities then you really need this game.No drama,Just Reviews?El K."
76561197970677737,Recommended,287980,19424896,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,misterfilmgeek,"The premise of this game had me intrigued as I am curious about how metro systems around the world are designed. I though that I was getting a sim-style game that would let me lay out a metro system in meticulous detail, but this isn't the game that I was looking for. I do enjoy the game, but it is a real-time puzzle game, and not a sim.There are many cities that you can play in, and each starts with three stations of different shapes - a Circle, Square, and Triangle. A station's shape determines the destination of/number of passengers that will spawn there. For example, Circles will spawn the most riders, but few passengers from other stations will want to go there. A station spawns riders in the shape of the station that they wish to go to, and each passenger boards trains that can take them to one of their destination type, and not a specific station. Your score is the number of total passengers delivered to their destination.Stations spawn periodically and connecting lines to them so that passengers will get picked up in a timely manner before the stations get overcrowded is the goal of the game. In addition to the three main shapes, several unique shapes can spawn as well, which ups the difficulty quite a bit. Passengers choose trains intelligently, so not always by the shortest route, but the one that will likely take the least amount of time.Each ""week"" you get a new train and another random reward that could be a carriage (more passengers for a train), tunnels (the number varies), a new line (there is a maximum number of lines on each map, and you always start with three), or an interchange (increases the number of passengers a stop can handle before overcrowding).You get visual and audible warnings when a station start to get overcrowded, and if the problem isn't resolved in about 45 seconds, the game ends. So planning ahead is vital, but you can't always do that due to the random nature of the station spawns. Sometimes you'll have a nice mix of stations along each line, and can get quite an impressive score. Other times you'll have eight Circle stations isolated from everything else and only one or two lines to service them, which is usually not enough.Games last anywhere from a few minutes to 30, and scores range from 200 to 2000+, depending on the map and the luck of the spawns. I recommend the game, but it can be frustrating when you have a good game going and three or four Circle stations spawn in inconvenient spots and ruin it. Still, it's great for when you have 10-20 minutes and not too taxing on the brain."
,Recommended,287980,13637925,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tysonius (TysonsWorldOfGames),"So I discovered Mini-Metro about a few months ago, and was following its progress since. I finally got around to purchasing it for myself, and in short, I haven't stopped playing! I never knew a game in such early stages and unfinished could provide sooo much fun and amusement.Now on to a proper review:Pro's:> Simplistic, didn't have to overdo the features to get enjoyment> Smooth Look: Not made poorly, very good aesthetics> Non-Repeatitive: Always a different layout on every restart of a map> Consistant New Features: The devs are actively adding / fixing stuff all the time> Has a Night Mode, changes White to Black, much easier on the eyes!Con's:> No Sound: Atleast, not yet, I know its being worked on as the next feature> Waiting Passengers sometimes are confusing as to where they want to go> Trains sometimes skip stationsWell thats all I can think of for now. I am still enjoying the life out of Mini-Metro and am eagerly awaiting what the devs come up with next!(wink wink nudge nudge: maybe some more maps to play on @devs? eh? hehe)My overall rating: 9/10. Highly recommend the game, has a few minor issues, but thats expected in a Beta game. But hey, go grab a copy and play, you won't regret it!"
76561198055930726,Recommended,287980,32872228,Posted: 27 June,all,Sitah,"A beautiful minimalist game with relaxing audio to contrast how stressful it is to manage angry passengers on your metro lines.If you're the kind of person who likes to spend hours perfecting your gameplay without any actual 'goal', this is the game for you. There's no 'winning' in this game - you just keep playing until your stations overcrowd. Personally, I adore the minimalist design, which goes all the way from the tutorial (there's no tooltips popping up) to the audio, which becomes increasingly diverse with your progress.However, with the minimalist design comes also a lot of guessing. It took me a while to figure out basic things, such as pausing the game and 'snap' off the metro line from a station.This hardcore version of connect the dots is definitely worth picking up.Also, I now despise circles..."
,Recommended,287980,16665542,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Gold Matter,"EDIT: Since I wrote this review, Mini Metro added a lot of settings (including audio!!!), a ""Daily Challenge Mode"", and a lot of other neat things! My recommendation still stands, just beware that some of the information is a bit dated.When I first got Mini Metro, I assumed it'd be similar to games like Train Simulator, or SimCity. And it is, to a certain extent. But it also isn't. Mini Metro is packed with a very minimal design, a beautiful colour scheme, and a very intuitive interface. It just looks... smooth. It opts for a very clean, non-distractive interface, which is welcoming for a casual game to play.The gameplay is stellar. While it doesn't reach levels of complexity that Train Simulator will have, it emulates a very tough, decision making game, while still keeping its casual feel. You plan out the metro system for a variety of cities, with each city having its own characteristics (for example, Osaka features the Shinkansen, or the Bullet Train). You struggle to make sure none of your stations overflow, and at the same time make sure that everybody gets where they want to. You are restricted in the amount of trains, lines, and tunnels you have, creating a level of depth most casual games don't hold.My only critique of the game is the lack of information and music/audio, but it's Early Access! For what it is, especially its price, Mini Metro is one of the best Early Access games I've come across. I've bought the game to support the developer, and watch the game evolve, and boy, sure it has. Updates are pushed regularily, and bugs are fixed.Mini Metro is one of those games that looks simple on the surface, but has layers of complexity, while keeping its casual style. I would recommend it to anybody who wants a game to sink 20 minutes in, and have fun while using their brain!"
,Recommended,287980,13816736,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Yassie J,"I remember discovering, and enjoying, this game back when it was a free alpha release. Now it is in a (more stable) beta form, even at this stage, I still consider DPC's efforts to be more than exceptional thus far. The gameplay is simplistic and easy to pick up, but difficult to master - and that is by virtue. I think this game has the most perfect difficulty curve of anything I have played - the start is pretty simple, however, over time, the game becomes a race between land-usage (represented by the different station icons) and line-deployment.I will give this game a pass on a few things because of its beta state, so here are the pros and cons:GOOD:+ Great, simple graphics (will run on anything that can display a screen. And yes, 4K 60 FPS, okay guys?).+ Easy-to-understand gameplay.+ Addictive gameplay+ Gentle difficulty curve+ Fun-strating (FUN + FRUSTRATING! Or fun + menstrating, take your pick)+ Great location design+ Touchscreen support (it works better with a touchscreen than a mouse!)BAD:- Efficiency stage (items given per # of passengers as opposed to weekly) can get boring once you reach ""peak"" performance- Menus do not use keyboard keys except EnterOverlooking because beta;? No sound (will be introduced later, but can be plus if you like the quiet environment while playing this game)? Menus a bit glitchyOverall: 9/10, waiting eagerly to see finished product."
,Recommended,287980,15057022,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Bullfrog,"I bought this game, installed it and then forgot about it.Yesterday, I clicked 'play' to just have a look.Played 8 hours straight.This is basically like a smartphone game that gets more and more addicting but doesn't include pay to win/micro transactions... by the way, this game would probably go down really well on the app store. Just a thought.ANYWAY....Buy this game. Have Fun."
76561198006652851,Recommended,287980,20002474,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kipper,"Visiting family over Christmas, and I wanted to play a game. It had to be cheap, since I was buying through someone elses account, and it had to be something you could pick up and play for a bit and not be concerned with leaving behind any unfinished saves or whatever. My family enjoy puzzle games too, so it was the first thing to look for.I stumbled across this and it seemed to tick all of the above boxes; so with low expectations due to the price, I gave it a download.What I've found is a brilliantly simple tower defence type puzzler which upon loading offes you a plain white screen with three different shapes on it. These are in fact underground stations that will accept that 'shape' of passenger. A graphical tutorial shows you that you have to draw a (railway) line between the shapes, and once done, a small train begins ferrying the shapes from their point of origin to the nearest station of the correct shape; changing lines where they cross in a station if needs be.As time ticks by, more stations appear along with more passengers; your task is to keep the system running without any single station becoming overwhelmed - and each game week you can choose an upgrade; an extra carriage for a train, the ability to draw a whole new line, the ability to tunnel under water, and sometimes an interchange (a higher capacity station).Brilliantly simple in execution and with a calming appearance and soundtrack, this is one of those 'one more go' type games which is easy to play but incredibly difficult to master.Highly recommended for a 'pick up and play' game when you have a few spare minutes; this would be an ideal tablet game but until then - it works with a big screen and mouse just as well."
,Recommended,287980,12699899,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Procedural Texture,"Positives:Though still in need of some refinement and balancing—and possibly some additional features—the core gameplay of Mini Metro scratches that city-building itch without requiring a major investment of time. You can play this on a break without worrying you'll be sucked in for hours (though you won't get bored if you did waste a day on it).The interface is a case study in complex, context-sensitive functionality from simple interactions. Click, hover, drag and drag paths all combine to do just what you want without requiring a tutorial. Though you might spend your first game puzzling it out, it all just works how you'd expect on the first or second try. Pure, blissful affordance. If only more games thought out their interface so elegantly.Negatives:There is a well-known ""cheat"" that isn't really a cheat (it's inherent in the game rules) but that renders the leaderboards meaningless. The devs are still struggling with this issue, and I think it's resolution must lie in clarifying the game's biggest ambiguity: am I running a simulation of a real subway network (in which case, shouldn't it cost me something to re-route lines) or am I stress-testing a subway plan by iterative design under increasing load (in which case, shouldn't I have some prior information about where additional stations will appear). This ambiguity is at the heart of the game's ultimate success or failure, and the devs need to do more than apply band-aid solutions and ad hoc rule tweaks. I feel like the solution is to split the game into entirely different game modes which rest on different existential assumptions about what the game really is.A little more information and clarity, compactly presented, would reduce some of the minor frustrations and provide greater insight into the network you've built. How many trains do I have on a given subway line? Can I see some meaningful data on throughput or efficiency? I have trouble believing the devs haven't read any of Edward Tufte's masterful works on data presentation. They'd do well to revisit his books for ideas.[REVISED] The passenger AI is improving. Rather than being deterministically stubborn, passengers have acquired a variability that sometimes even includes whimsical train hopping in the wrong direction and then back again. This is an improvement. There's often more than one way from A to B, not to mention that sometimes B2 or B3 offer variety. It's slightly mad, but it's better than robots.Some other minor complaints:- why am I limited to 4 trains per line? Couldn't that limit be a function of the line's length and/or the number of stations?- why can't a line go around a river bend rather than cutting the corner and requiring a tunnel?- why no save feature? sometimes I'm having a very successful game, but I have to get back to work, or join friends in another gameTL;DR:Enjoyable game. Can be played casually or obsessively. Brilliant with the potential to be an all-time classic. Well worth full price. It would be criminal to wait for a sale price."
,Recommended,287980,23635416,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,RedfoxTheGamer,If your thinking of buying this game then do it! It's a little hidden gem and highly addictive. View my gameplay video to see more -https://youtu.be/LR1a3oZj9aw
,Recommended,287980,17072009,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,silvur,Connecting the dots has never been this stressful.
,Recommended,287980,33041865,Posted: 30 June,all,Lord Selrahc,SimpleRelaxingCalmingWaitingWorryingPanickingInfuriatingI NEED THE ♥♥♥♥ING TUNNELSFun
76561198009344574,Recommended,287980,14613658,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,HansBerg,"Mini Metro, currently available in Early Access (the game can be purchased but is still in development so some elements, such as sound in this case, are missing or unfinished), is a game about moving people. Where this may seem like an oversimplification, it is not, and the game is all the better for it.   Other games of this sort focus on such elements as budget and specific regions, population density and specific destinations of interest to that population; but Mini Metro instead focuses on the general and the deliberately vague; and this works fantastically given the style of the game. There is no budget with which to be concerned, there are no apparent city divisions or districts. The placement of stations is random, and also out of the control of the player. In many ways, this almost makes the goal more true to life of a real world occupation, albeit without feeling like work: somebody is presenting the player with a scenario, and the goal is to make it work by connecting the stations, and keeping people moving.The player begins the game by selecting one of three game types, and then the city that the player would like to play. These cities are mostly without features, save for waterways. The player looks upon either an off white void or sort-of-charcoal, if night-mode is turned on, with three subway stations to connect. Speaking primarily of the Commuter game mode (the one most likely to be played) the goal is to connect these stations in as efficient a manner as possible by drawing lines to connect them using the limited number of lines, cars and carriages that have been provided. With the initial three stations this is a simple task. More stations are added as the game progresses, which serves to complicate matters. Where the player may have easily begun using only a single line to connect all of the stations, this method will lead to disaster if it is maintained. The player will have to add new lines, new cars, add on carriages to those cars to ensure that no station overfills; and all of these are in limited supply. At the end of each week the player is granted an additional car, and then the choice between one other addition: tunnels, which are required to traverse through waterways, carriages, which extend the length of a train, lines, which adds a coloured line with which to connect stations, and interchanges, which increase capacity and speedily load and unload passengers.  Only two of these additions are presented as options. The stations are randomly placed with each play through, as are the choices of additions, so memorization will not help the player. A set of options are presented, and the player has to make that work.The stations themselves are without names, and are instead represented by shapes. Most commonly, these shapes are squares, triangles and circles, and occasionally 'other' shapes will appear that one could regard as special stations. The idea is that a ""person"" who boards at a circle station will never wish to travel to another circle shaped station. These individuals are also represented by shapes: a circle shaped passenger wishes to travel to a circle shaped station, a triangle passenger wishes to travel to a triangle station, and so forth. Therein lies the strategy: a line consisting of nothing but circle stations will lead to disaster as no passenger will wish to travel from one station to another. The player must try to connect as many differently shaped stations as possible. There WILL be some overlap and stations of the same shape connecting to one another; but the goal is to minimize those occurrences to maintain efficient routes and prevent overflow.The game begins in a very calm fashion. Simply draw lines, add lines, extend lines, watch the trains pick up and deliver their passengers. It is that way for a while: calm. It does not take particularly long for that to change. All players will reach a point where chaos starts to creep in. Maybe entire lines, previously perfectly placed, are no longer efficient and have to be removed and rebuilt.  As the player cannot control where new stations are placed, and what form those stations will be, new stations may spawn close to lines that already have a pair of stations that are the same shape on either side of the new addition; and that reduces the efficiency of the line.  The alternative is to extend one of the other lines out to this new addition; but the player cannot cross the lines except by meeting them up at existing stations, which will make that extension even longer in the event that it does need to cross a line to access the new station.  While such choices represent a challenge, that challenge never feels to me to be particularly stressful.  The presentation of the game simply does not allow it.The end result could be orderly, almost a work of art where transit maps are concerned; or it could look like a scattered mess of random connections; but so long as the stations never reach capacity then presentation hardly matters to the game. It may matter to the player, mind you. During one play through I had a well functioning three-lined transit system that crossed at odd intervals and zigzagged to and fro. It worked, and I hated it. It just didn't look proper. I had nobody to blame but myself: I COULD find another way for the system to work, but I had not looked for one.The visual presentation is minimalistic. This is a good thing. Its appearance is that of a subway/metro map. The blank background populated only by single, thick lines that represent the metro rails that the player is placing and moving about serve well to illustrate the real transit maps that are out there in the world. The player is, in essence, painting the metro maps that one would see at subway stations. It is perfect, and immediately familiar to anybody who has found themselves staring at a map, plotting their subway route and transfers to progress from point A to point B. That said, those who have never ridden a subway, or are simply unfamiliar with subway/metro transit maps may be at a loss as to why this game's visuals are as they are, and it may look to such individuals as little more than lines on an empty space without knowing or appreciating the context as to why that look may be fitting. This is a fault of nobody, only the result of individual experiences.Audio. There is none. There WILL be some; but at this stage of development it has not yet been implemented. If that's a turn off for you, then back away. Otherwise just fire up some music or background noise that you feel is appropriate, and enjoy the completed music and sound effects once they are added in.Lack of audio aside, everything, for me, just felt right. The challenge is perfect, the visual style is appealing and fitting to the context of the gameplay, and the package as a whole has a polish to it, both because of and in spite of its minimalism. It is a game as casual as the player wants it to be with its difficulty settings, and as challenging as they can handle until the end finally comes as one station finally reaches over-capacity. I recommend it to anybody who is looking for something with few rules to remember, that is satisfying, and well put together."
76561198058043942,Recommended,287980,19345477,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dancychimp,I hated shapes all the way through grade school and with Mini Metro I've grown to hate them all the more however I can't stop playing this stupid game that revolves around moving shapes around. Plus it is a very stressful game which I don't need in my life but the game is so freaking good I keep playing anyway.10/10 would hate shapes and cause undo stress again.
,Recommended,287980,16109267,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Liam 🍋,"Please mind the gap. Between the train and the platform. Mind the gap, please.This is an awesome game - awesome idea and awesome execution. It may be listed as early access but is absolutely worth the asking price.Each game starts you off with three stations: A square (train station), a triangle (commercial) and a circle (residential). Each station spawns passengers which want to go to one of the three station types. As the city expands, new stations open up, mostly of triangle and circle types, but as hospitals, tourist attractions, airports and banks open around the city, unique stations open along with these attractions. This makes it more difficult to keep the metro working, but in a very nice difficulty curve.Each in-game week you keep the Metro running, you receive a locomotive and can spend your weekly budget on something new: A new line, a carriage, rezoning, a larger station, etc. These upgrades are meant to help you survive the next week. Well - eventually a station will overcrowd and you will not be able to  clear it. Your score is the number of passengers you delivered to their destination.If you however prefer to play this as a send box, there is a mode for you too. In this game mode, stations don't overcrowd and there is no lose condition. You simply play to have fun and be as efficient as possible.Overall a very good and very fun game. It is well polished and well paced and balanced.Please mind the gap. Between the train and the platform. Mind the gap, please."
76561198083990827,Recommended,287980,12365515,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,paincakes,This game will make you hate circles. 9/10
,Recommended,287980,16703516,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,dodgy,"Simple, challenging, addictive. Better than riding a bus in india."
76561198185668922,Recommended,287980,28736476,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,cheetaturtle,"People say this game is relaxing when its not relaxing in the slightest.  It is interesting, and it's fun for a while... but its infuriating.... and in my opinion, the difficulty curve is too steep.  The game does not give you enough resources to do much better than 1000 passengers per map, and there's a lot of luck involved.  I could just not be that great at it yet, but with 7 hours invested in to it, I don't feel like I'm getting much better and it's not fun enough for me to want to become better.  I got 7 hours of gameplay out of it for 6$ and I will probably return to it from time to time, so it wasn't a waste of my money, but I expected more from it.  Buy it if its on sale.EDIT OF REVIEW:  I love this game.  I was just... I was wrong, earlier, about this game.  This game is so much ♥♥♥♥ing fun it's ridiculous.  Once you get the hang of it, it gets a lot more fun, because the game allows me to multi-task with the game in windowed mode.  I can watch Netflix, draw sketches, do homework... Really relaxing.  So, yeah."
,Recommended,287980,12455500,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Astroduck,This Game is fantstic! It is very casual and has a very short loading time which makes it easy to jump into. It exersizes your brain but is still quite addictive. I bought this game not expecting much but I was very pleasantly surprised! 9/10!
76561197992745674,Recommended,287980,17216861,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Jawn,"This game is a very fun graph load-balancing optimisation problem :-)  You have to ensure passangers get to their destination; the tiny shapes indicated at each station/on the subway indicate where they want to go. The trick is that you have a limited number of bridges across water and you can't intersect lines, although you can run them in parallel. The other problem is that it is game over if a station fills up with angry passengers who are waiting for a connecting subway!"
,Recommended,287980,23302565,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Merlandese,"It's exactly what it looks like: A minimalist puzzle game with a creative concept.That's what you think it is, and you're very correct. The visuals say it all, and convey it all, in a manner that is easy to comprehend instinctively before you purchase. But let me expand on that.The design also conveys information INSIDE the game, not just the trailer. That's important. This type of minimalistic puzzler shouldn't sell you on simplicity and then be hard to understand. Mini Metro does what it promises so clean and so clear that you'll be surprised. It's graceful.In essence, you are free to draw a selection of colored lines between designate points (stations) along a map. When lines are connected, they allow a train car to move automatically from station to station. At each station are a number of small shapes building in a queue. When the train stops at a station, it unloads any shapes (passengers) it is currently carrying provided they match the shape of the station, then grabs the passengers at the station and carries them along its line.This plays automatically for a few turns until new stations appear. Then you need more lines.Soon you have too little carrying capacity and need more trains.As you carry more and more people to their destination, you unlock upgrades that complicate the problem at hand without attaching complications to the mechanics. The additions are fluid. It keeps the experience tight and meditative, albeit a bit stressful because it's (mostly) in real time.As you unlock new cities, the geography and use of tunnels/bridges come into play. Some levels have a faster train car, or a crazier population growth. Keep at it and you'll find yourself organically creating your own tricks: breaking down lines and moving them back and forth between overflowing stations over and over to create shorter paths for your trains, or pausing just so you can flip a train in the opposite rotation for one cycle. Every little decision can change your success.This game works. It is fun.If you've watched the trailer and read even a brief description you'll already know whether or not you like this type of experience. If you DO like it, then this will NOT disappoint you."
,Recommended,287980,14077622,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,s33r,"An interesting wee sim which looks simple but once things get going it gets hard; fast! Trying to get an ever increasing and swarming maze of stations work in harmony is both fun and infuriating at the same time. I've kept coming back with new ideas on how to make my next play work.What I liked most was how I had to constantly think on my feet as to how to connect this new station in to my network but also how I could use it to ease pressure on other lines. Placing new trains required thought and adding carriages not just a straight forward decision. As the game develops I'm interested to see where this goes and what other real world locations will be included.The game at this stage isn't without its faults. I've found it difficult at times to re-draw lines or disconnect them from stations but this is just nit-picking. Overall Mini Metro is a great game and a fantastic way to kill time, thoroughly recommended."
,Recommended,287980,14509104,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jbfink,"Oddly relaxing, until suddenly it isn't. Why won't those damn triangle people stay home, you ask. And who asked the... what, pentagon?? octagon??? people to live way the hell out in Sainte-Dorothee? I don't think you really deserve subway service,What I'd love to see is real time maps of various real-world subway stations but marked up in the Mini Metro graphical style. I could probably watch that all day."
,Recommended,287980,16770941,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,AidanDVG,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=471443761Our object of interest is Mini Metro, a charming Simulation game in which you take control of a metro and oversee how the lines connect, making tracks with the click and drag of a cursor. The game starts you off in London, a simple town with one obstacle in the middle. If everything goes smoothly, by the end of the week, you gain access to more supplies in the forms of a new locomotive and the choice between another line besides your existing yellow, red and blue ones, or a carriage to add on to an existing locomotive. It’s simple, but charming.The gameplay is enamorating and captivating, albeit simple. People (I assume they’re people) arrive at one station, and their shape determines where they go. If a triangle person arrives at a circle station, the train picks it up and brings it to a triangle station. The fact that is uses shape-people instead of real people is a good choice. The game never tells you where the people need to go, but you can figure it out on your own. The only thing it tells you is that you click and drag to create a line from station to station. I’m drawn to the minimalist graphics and the fluid look, but what takes the cake is how the game balances your situation. There is never a moment you feel that this is too easy, nor do you feel pressured that your metro will shut down. Oh yeah, if you leave too many people at a station, your metro gets shut down. That’s how you lose.When the game starts, you are given three separate lines and three stations you need to connect. You might feel drawn to use all three lines, but wait it out and just use one at the beginning. The things you need to worry about most are that you have to have every station covered well, and you have to be efficient. That’s why it is a good idea to never have too sharp of a turn in your line, it slows the locomotives down. I like to have fluid lines that never make a rapid stop. If a new station appears, either use another line that you have been saving, or completely redesign your track as you can delete all of it at once, or take tracks off the edges of a line. That’s the only thing that has annoyed me about this game so far- you can’t take away a track in the middle. If you don’t want your line to stop at that track, but it isn’t on the edge, you have to delete the whole thing.Overall, I really enjoy Mini Metro. A charming, bright, minimal indie game with just enough challenge to keep me coming back, and just enough variety to keep me playing. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes a game that can relax you, but also offers a challenge. If I were to give it a score, I’d say an 8.5/10. I would like more features implemented as the game improves throughout early-access. It’s a great game for a good price, but I wish there was a little more to do. The only gameplay drawback is it is a little awkward to re-route or get rid of metro railways without deleting your entire rail.So all in all, it's a great game for a great price. I implore you to pick it up and I can't wait to see new content added."
,Recommended,287980,27146335,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WSBF_Buddy Andy,This game is so simple yet ramps up seemingly out of no where. It is one of the most basic yet challenging games I've ever had the pleasure of enjoying.
76561198274152000,Recommended,287980,22712269,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,sabrinaqedesha,"Sid Meier says a game is a series of interesting choices. Mini Metro pares right down to the essentials: every single action you take is an interesting choice. You will never quite have all the resources you need to make the system fully efficient, so how will you allocate what you have? Time becomes a resource -- can you afford to spend time to contemplate a better arrangement?Playing in normal mode, each game lasts about 15-20 minutes, so it's nice for when you have a smaller block of time. The interface is more sophisticated than the minimalist-looking screenshots might lead you to believe. The sounds and music are subdued and soothing."
,Recommended,287980,26509972,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,robinson.jack2000,"Mini Metro combines everything I like in a simple puzzle game. It's clean simple graphics make it easy to figure out what to do. It's gameplay is really well thought out. This game will make you think far more about logistics than you'd ever like to.I feel the gameplay is excellent for systems with touchscreen monitors, though naturally will work on anything."
76561198035824009,Not Recommended,287980,30825781,Posted: 29 March,all,patoninthedesert,"Disappointing this could have been an awsome game. At first, I was totally swallowed up by this game but there is a problem. There is a low ceiling to this game. Just as it gets interesting the stations overload that ends the game. And at first, you think it is because of your strategy. But that isn't the case the problem is their algorithm. Each type of station has a shape and that shape generates all but its own shape. That's not the problem. The problem is that some games only have one square station. I played Osaka this has one square there are twenty-five circles and eleven triangles they are all producing squares at the same rate as triangles and circles. At about 2500 point you will fail you can't get the square passengers all to the one square without overloading a station. And if you overload a station you loose. Now you might get a little higher in a different scenario but that's only because you have more squares."
76561198039793983,Recommended,287980,15108497,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Tai,"It's a fun strategy logic game. The price is right, and it needs some cleaning up (no sound track yet), but the premise of the game is solid, and the graphics are clean."
76561198060235714,Recommended,287980,16731487,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Biadora,"A lovely game that is easy to understand and got three different difficulties, from the more stressful mode to the zen mode.  You connect ""dots"" to let people flow from station to station, and if a station gets too flooded with people game is over.I find the game compelling.Even as it is a bit tricky to come up with the best routes, even the stressful parts of this game feels relaxing.It is good to play for a little while, all from five minutes to a couple of hours. A game I will cherish and return for 10-30mins gameplay on and off for a long time to come I imagine.A refreshing game idea executed in a style I have never seen before.It does feel like it would be a touchscreen/ipad kind of game though (in the most positive manner).In short; a puzzle/brainteaser game with a simple but very nice layout."
76561198121517990,Recommended,287980,17270746,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Commander Goo,"This is just such a fun game, and heres how.Mini Metro ReviewPros:Extreme funGreat replay valueSo Simple, yet so goodAmazing DevelopersCons:No Audio (Devs are working on it)Overall 9.5/10These are the types of indies I like. Easy to play, hard to master. Once Audio is added, this will get a 10 out of 10!"
76561198024964740,Recommended,287980,19865704,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Harpagos,This is a game for people who think VLOOKUP is really fun. Do you think VLOOKUP is really fun? Don't install this game; you will never sleep again.
,Recommended,287980,12420445,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,chraff XI,"This is one of the greatest games to play when I'm not in the mood for blowing up stuff. This game is a masterpiece in with evoking a seriously zenergetic feeling (yes I know I just used a made up word that combines zen and energetic into one, but you know what I think? I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥) The game doesn't require anything to play, purely an open mind that can be plunged into pressure at any moment. Tension and tranquility are two of the most important factors in video gaming for me, and this Mini Metro nails both. I plan on buying whatever games DPC puts out, as their first has been purely spot-on.Some minor issues that you may take problem with before purchasing (I didn't, but some people may):No music or sound. I know this is a major setback for some, but I honestly thought my music library suffices. DPC has stated that there will be audio in the final game (which should be expected of any game anyway), but I don't think it's too big a lack at the moment.A fairly limited levelset. There are currently eight levels, some of which have no major differences. Here's what the devs had to say:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorWe're aiming to release Mini Metro with 5 - 10 playable cities, with more added post-launch.Hopefully we'll get some variation/new obstacles.Lacks content for the price. But it's still fun.Finally, here's my summary/tl;dr/whatever:An amazing game that you should most certainly give money to, minor problems (including lack of music) will be fixed before/by launch. And it's seven f**king dollars. Who can't afford a seven dollar game? And if you for some reason don't want to pay seven dollars for this beautiful creation, then you can wait for the mobile one to be released! I see no reason why anyone should have an excuse not to buy this game."
76561197971578911,Recommended,287980,24724785,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Flyboy Connor,"Mini Metro is described as a puzzle game, but to me it is not. A puzzle game, to me, should pose the player with a challenge to which there might be multiple solutions, but the solutions are at least static -- a solution that gives you X points now, gives you X points tomorrow. Mini Metro does not have that, as each challenge consists of the random appearance of random city types, between which you have to draw metro lines, with random upgrades appearing ever so often. Your score depends for a large part on how the random elements appear.The normal game allows you to remove metro lines at a whim, and most players quickly discover a cheesy tactic in this respect which can increase your score considerably. Unfortunately, this cheesy tactic is a chore to pull off, so once you have discovered it, the normal game is no fun anymore. There is still the extreme challenge for each map, which means that each line that you add is there to stay. This makes the game a lot more fun, but unfortunately in the extreme challenge the influence of the randomness on the final result is much bigger than in the normal game, as you cannot make small corrections to deal with the appearance of particularly unlucky cities (which happens quite a lot).Finally, this game suffers from the fact that there is no ""goal"". There are no ""solutions"". You cannot say ""I have solved this map"". You can only say ""I have been able to score 20,000 points on this map"". The next time you play that map, you can try to beat your own score, but why would you? You probably were particularly lucky when you got your high score, and thus you are just replaying to see if you can get lucky again.Despite those negative comments, I still recommend the game. It provides you with several dozens of fun hours, until you have nothing more to discover about the game. Most maps have something unique which sets them apart from the other maps. But once you have discovered each map and found a way to get a score that puts you in something like the top 10% of the players (which generally won't take long), you are done with it. Don't expect this game to have lasting appeal. But the price is right for the amount of fun that it brings."
76561198067456246,Recommended,287980,12943080,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,jkd,All the minimalism I've ever wanted from a simulation game.Thanks for the Linux version!
76561198223328400,Recommended,287980,15749367,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,paddylearynyc,"Minimalist, yet imaginative and fun to play. If you enjoy basic, yet thoughtful subyway planning on real-life maps, this is for you."
76561198066749939,Recommended,287980,28025091,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Penya,"This game is both relaxing and stressing at the same time.It looks simple but it packs a lot of punch in a simple and clever design. If you like management games you'll love thisJust bite the bullet, you won't regret it."
76561198097987087,Recommended,287980,15423161,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,grzegorz.widziszowski,"I used to play Transport Tycoon, Simcity, Traffic Giant and recently Cities in Motion. Mini Metro is something that's absolutely must-have for anyone, who finds any of the other games at least mildly amusing. Simplicity and cleaniness of this game is one of it's strongest sides. Be warned though - time FLIES whooshing away, way faster than even the in-game clock!"
,Recommended,287980,19004845,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,deavonis199,If you dont like to think or dont have patience then dont buy this game. but if you do then this is a little simple game that requires those two things in particular. It is a fun little time waster in my opinion and i love it. :)
,Recommended,287980,14336441,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Maxi Satan,"Light, fun, perfect to play at work !Three game modes available for the moment, each offering different challenge. The game is easy to understand and the difficulty grows quickly while the fun stays.Also while the game is in early access, for this price and the few bugs I've encountered it's still more polished than plenty of games being ""fully"" released (also there is not a single sound in the game at the moment, you might want to be aware of that)Recommended if you like to kill some time with smoothly designed puzzles.Tl;dr this game saved me from dying of boredom at work"
76561198030899525,Recommended,287980,20299661,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,richnixon,"Mini Metro is a devilishly clever game that uses straightforward and simple mechanics to immerse you in 5 to 15 minutes of increasingly hectic gameplay. Each round starts with lulling, zen-like ease and and music to match. As the game progresses and your transit systems becomes more and more complex the atmosphere slowly and imperceptibly shifts until you find yourself racing to pick-up passengers from an over-crowded station with the pace of the music matching your ever increasing heartbeat.Pros:- Easy to learn mechanics.- Enough different mechanics to offer variations in strategies approaches but not too many to over-burden the player with choice.- Great soundtrack and minimalist design.- Great for solo (trying to best your previous scores) or competitive (trying to top the leaderboards) play.- 5-15 minutes of play per round is great for a more casual gaming experience.Cons:- There can be minor bugs from time to time which may take a bit to get fixed but I've never experienced anything game-breaking and the devs are really involved in the community."
76561198060527581,Recommended,287980,33397265,Posted: 9 July,all,Blandio,"Mini Metro is a minimalist strategy game involving designing your own metro and trying to keep it running in a busy city with the limited resources available to you.PositivesA game with a surprising amount of depth and a lot of content for your money, mini metro is an  addicting and fun game. With 18 different maps - including London, Paris, Berlin and New York, each with their own different challenges and strategy, 3 different modes; Normal, Endless and Extreme, as well as a daily challenge feature, there is no shortage of things to keep you busy. Also, steam achievements are available with this title and I have really enjoyed trying to get them all.NegativesHonestly, there isn't much I can really put here. The only thing that stands out to me is the lack of apropertutorial. Although there technically is a tutorial, it is extremely basic and does not go over some of the more advanced mechanics the game offers that you can use to make you metro system even more efficient.Overall thoughtsThis game is perfect for anyone who wants a relaxing strategy game which is both addicting and fun. Even if you are only slightly interested, I would still suggest you pick it up and give it a try or even try the demo version available. The devs are also very good at adding new content and updating the game."
,Recommended,287980,16939878,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Koya et les Morts Idolâtres,"So far I absolutely love this game, I like Pocket Trains and this game is an improved, faster pace version without having to pay for fuel.The AI sucks though, and it is a shame that the AI is what runs the game - stations that are over capacity should be prioritised by nearby trains and to not avoid them (3 of the 4 games were due to trains ignoring stations, 1 was completely my fault for not having enough trains in the right place)Hopefully this major error is fixed before it is released, 5/10 - if problem is fixed it will be a 10/10"
,Recommended,287980,14790212,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,da_sammit,"Wonderful game! Great way to pass the time, frustrate the hell out of yourself and make you wonder why anyone ever decided that designing public transport was a brilliant career path. This game is perfect for you!If you want a game with endless entertainment that concludes with you yelling at circles, that one guy that wants to go to the other side of the map and purple train lines, this is it!"
,Recommended,287980,30820087,Posted: 29 March,all,Raven,"I love this game so much I've purchased it on Steam for myself, on Humble for a couple of friends, on Android for my Lenovo Book, and on the Apple Store for my iPad. Oh, I ALSO bought it on GOG (because wallpapers).Simple, bold art style; calming music that's not repetitive or in your face; and gameplay that's easy to learn, difficult to master. Leaderboards for challenges, too.If you love puzzle games... and loving metro/subway art is a plus... this is an easy purchase to make."
76561198046449895,Recommended,287980,17220044,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,YungThotter,"Make this game into an app. This game was practically designed for tablet use... it's casual and quick, I usually only get 10 or 15 minutes into a map before my stations overload BUUUUT I'm not a civil engineer. Shapes are hard. As it stands, this game is a go-to for when I'm on duty with no internet and it's super fun to decide between that extra train car, or adding an extra line to the Hub station."
,Recommended,287980,28845732,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Keyvine,"This game was nominated for the ""Sit Back and Relax"" Steam Award. And I'll admit, it can be truly relaxing.If your idea of relaxing is sweating as you try to rearrange the trains so that you can get a bunch of angry squares to their station.Deserves the ""Love/Hate Relationship"" Award. Very fun game."
,Recommended,287980,11685842,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Ageas,"This game is just great. it may seem like a slow game but once you get started playing you wont want to stop. For example, when i forst bought the game i could not stop playing for about 7 hours. I highly recommend  this game to just about annyone.(just a warning if you only like games with constant non-stop action you may want to think if you would enjoy it, but if you ask me i would say it is great, just a little warning)"
76561198111061647,Recommended,287980,11683471,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,GLITTAH,This game is addicting and it works great on Linux.  I'd say more but my stations are starting to crowd.
,Recommended,287980,11676047,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,George W. Bush,"I've played through both the Alphas and the Steam version.Its a nice game, which could be considered casual.Love that this has a night mode!Active and responsive devlopers.Plenty of intresting content.Still lacking a soundtrack. (Devs say its in the works.)"
76561198002567771,Recommended,287980,20503083,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Xenus Icelon,"Mini Metro is a subway themed puzzle game. Not a true simulator, although it does have elements of simulation in it.A very simple game that lets you focus entirely on the puzzle without anything you don't need to pay attention to, the goal is to connect the stations and get the people to go to a station that matches their shape in an ever expanding city which just keeps getting bigger and bigger until you can no longer handle the influx of people.There are three basic shapes- The square, triangle and circle, and you begin your game having to ferry passengers who each are one of these three basic shapes to a station with the same shape. Square passengers to square stations, triangles to triangle stations, and circles to circle stations. You then get more stations to connect, you have water you need to tunnel under with limited bridges, and eventually you will get unique station shapes to connect up to your lines.While any triangle station is good enough for a triangle passenger, a plus sign passenger will only go to the plus sign station. This means that you will need to keep your lines connected to each other as well as to the three basic stations, and that you will need to figure out where and when to transfer passengers.Losing a game happens when the waiting line at a station is too long, which will slowly fill in a circle around it to show you how close it is to being a game over.Passenger AI is rather simple, but it doesn't need to be complex either. They go to their nearest matching station, using as few lines as possible. An trains pick up passengers as long as they get them any closer at all, even just a single station.Of note is that when a train goes both ways, passengers will not get in on the one that heads away from their destination, instead waiting for a train that heads the right direction.And once you're done with most of this, there is extreme and endless mode. Endless mode is a game without losing, so you can relax and build your subway system without worrying about losing. Extreme mode is similar to the original game, but where you can move and remove tracks and trains at will normally, they are locked into place in extreme mode.On losing a game you can continue playing in endless mode.In the end, it is a simple but worthwhile game to play. It doesn't have a lot of special mechanics, flashy explosions or incredibly detailed environments, but all it does have works towards the same goal - An enjoyable puzzle game you're sure to get plenty of hours out of."
,Recommended,287980,11669349,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,cassembler,"Insanely addictive and replayable. A very smart game, and very polished for Early Access. At current price, level 1 itself is more than generous..."
76561198084112814,Recommended,287980,15339900,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,TheUnholySmitty,"A very amazing game, I don't think it is yet worth it's asking price, however on completion of this game I do think it will be worth it's money. This game isn't something that you sit down with a mountain dew and a bag of chips and play for days, but it's deffinaitly somthing to play if you have nothing else to do. I have enjoyed and still enjoy my time with this game and I would reccomend it, however if your not one for unfinished games I reccomend waiting till the full release, either way, still very playable in it's current state."
,Recommended,287980,13214583,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,lukasiino,The best mini game on demand :) and it for MAC :)
76561198015564826,Recommended,287980,13149624,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Rooster,"Saw this while looking through the sale. It wasn't on sale but it looked like exactly the kind of game I was after.Relatively simple to get to grips with, and pretty fun for such a simple idea. Can get very frustrating when one of your stations is full and there's not a lot you can do.I think a few ideas would be to put the colour of the station they want to go to.. could get confusing I suppose but there could be a way to do it. Because the stations are coded by shape, and some are the same, you never really know where they want to go when it gets busy.I don't notice the lack of sound as I listen to music while I play anyway.Overall a very addictive game, and well worth the £5 I paid, and I'll have fun trying out the other levels."
76561198038500302,Recommended,287980,22111781,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Bastargre,"move passengers to their destination, sounds easy right?this game starts out quite easy with few stations and few passengers but the map constantly keeps adding new stations, always at places you wish it didn't. i can assure you that you will hate circles after playing thisat the end of each week you get a new locomotive and a choice between 2 other things (bigger station, carriage, tunnels) this also sounds quite easy but these choices become hard very soon, because you often find yourself in need of both of the optionswhen you overcrowd a station for too long the ranked game ends, but it gives you an option to continue in a sandbox like setting allowing you to see where you went wrong and try to improve your metronetworkthere are 11 cities all acting differently with the growth and spawns of new stations, even within a city no 2 games are alike. which gives it great replayabilityI do recommend this game, its fun and addicting and sometimes frustrating"
76561197985787591,Recommended,287980,26558115,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,FlightLevel220,"What a lovely, novel, real time puzzle game.  The music, and other design elements make it a relaxing experience, while the actual game-play slowly builds in intensity, until you are inevitably over-whelmed by the actions-rate.It won't keep you enthralled for hours at a time, but for a game while you drink your morning coffee, it's ideal."
,Recommended,287980,28845563,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,zypA13510,"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.Rules are simple, and the goal is simple. But it's really addictive and fun. Amazing game, would definitely recommend to a friend."
76561198106245259,Recommended,287980,11845039,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,TacticaL_Rick,This game is great Puzzle is not my kind of game however this game makes you love it. I would buy it if I was you $7 or £4.99!
76561198072202993,Recommended,287980,14373151,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,anash21,"Tl;dr: 10/10, highly addicting, buy it (Also, I now have an irrational hate of simple geometric shapes).Bought this game thinking that it would be a really simple, relaxing, time-killing game; and at first it was. Then, after losing a couple times I got into this ""ok, wait, one more time, I can beat my previous score. Then I found myself looking up actual subway/metro line maps for some ideas; and the better I got, the more I wanted to beat my previous high-score.The only thing that would make this game better (in my opinon) would be music/sound-effects (already being worked on) and some kind of steam achievements."
,Recommended,287980,23255930,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,hazey sunshine,"Surprisingly addictive, easy to play but hard to master."
,Recommended,287980,12964233,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bobnuthead,"This game is great for how simple the concept is. When I first saw this game I though that just drawing lines would not be fun at all. Now, I Mini Metro is one of the cheapest, yet best games I have bought on steam. For just $6 this game is  really well made. I think for the basic concept of making a underground system this game can bring you hours of playing. Time will fly when you play this game. It is also very simple to learn. You literally just move your mouse and draw lines and sit and relax. In Mini Metro you have a limited amount of lines, trains, and underwater tunnels. You can play for a minute or for two hours. If you have been to any city or place this game features you may have some familliarity to the map. I think it is a great value for such a cheap game. (Please excuse my bad spelling I wrote this review at midnight :) )"
,Recommended,287980,24072203,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,shunobee,"Mini Metrois minimalist puzzle game themed around mass transportation. The goal is to pick up and deliver passengers by connecting stations to your system with a limited number of resources based on trains and lines. With a design that is both sleek and intuitive, the game requires little in terms of explanation for a new player. It's so easy to pick up that it comes as a shock when the game suddenly crushes your pathetic metro system under the weight of cruel reality.ProsClean, minimalist design that ties into the transportation themePuzzles are easy to understand but ramp up in difficultyRandomized station generation offers replayabilityAdvanced strategies are not instantly apparent and require some experimentation for those looking for a challengeMellow ambient music lowers your rage as passengers overload your metro systemConsCrushes your dreams of being a transportation engineerRandomized station generation means some thematic elements are lost; ie. you won't be building the exact replica of the London TubeMaps are devoid of placenames to connect you to the actual cities featured in the gameThe game always ends with you losing; only solace is how far up the leaderboard you can goThe negative points about randomized station generation and lack of thematic depth should be taken with the caveat that these were obviously purposeful choices, made to elevate the minimalist design. I personally found the game very enjoyable and would recommend it to anyone looking for an interesting take on transportation games."
,Recommended,287980,33841609,Posted: 27 July,all,jeniphyr,"Particularly enjoyable on a touchscreen/tablet... but also just a great little game. Simple and addicting concept and a complexity that ramps up, allowing for a fair bit of strategy and fast-paced ""fixing"" of your layout to keep your metro system running. A great game for airplane flights, relaxing evenings, or really whenever."
,Recommended,287980,34264558,Posted: 15 August,all,Twitch@Shardoom_,"MINI METRO REVIEWSo the game is awesome, indeed. I will go over the pros and cons to show the best parts of the game, and some parts that should be a bit more advanced. The game is really simple and challenging, it's all about your own tactics to make everything work together. So the point of the game is that you are ""fixing"" a subway, you wanna make sure everything is connecting as it should be, otherwise the passegers will get ""mad"" and you gotta start all over again.+PROS-Challenging-Good Levels-Awesome Price (€5 on sale)-CONS-Not Enough Levels To Complete-5 hours MAX To Complete All LevelsI think you should give this game a try, it's challenging and really enjoyable^_^"
,Recommended,287980,16440532,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HotDoggo,Only good if you listen to Hans Zimmer music while playing to enhance the experience of impending doom.10/10 became an old man by playing.
76561198155044288,Recommended,287980,16886872,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Samington Miggs,My childhood skills of connecting lines with dots allowed me to master this game.I now believe I am fully capable of running my own monorailsI like coloring lines.
,Not Recommended,287980,21792109,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,The Jumping Ghost,"I have less than two hours of gameplay in this and I've already seen everything there is to do.  I wasn't expecting too much, but was still disappointed by the lack of gameplay ;  you will be spending much more time looking at the game than interacting with it.  At a certain point it turns very suddenly from a laid back and easy game to an overwhelming and impossible race against the passengers, which may have been an intentional mechanic by the developer to end the game before the player notices that there's nothing more to do.  Unfortunately the endless play mode ruins this concept and makes it very obvious that there isn't much left to see. This game is very beautifully designed and has a relaxing soundtrack so it would have been a good purchase at a fraction of its price, but for $10 I was really expecting much more than I got.While this game looks appealing, don't buy it if you're expecting any more than an hour of entertainment.  If you're going to get it, wait for a sale and you'll get a better deal."
76561198009582139,Recommended,287980,12243154,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,DannyBoy94,"This game is AMAZING! The graphics look excellent, it is challenging, fun, addictive and more. You get a map of a city with a few stations you work out where you want the lines to go, you get three lines to begin with and three locomotives. If you make it through to the next week (Sunday) you get to choose if you want to get a new line, tunnel or carriage as well as a locomotive which can be used on any current line or saved for a new line that you choose to build.This game is very impressive and it is still being developed, I am excited to see what the final result is as I already think this game fully deserves a 10/10 rating. It is well worth the £4.99 I spent on the game."
76561198127218584,Recommended,287980,29272224,Posted: 15 January,all,dholland,"A truly wonderful game. Can be enjoyed casually (just link up your network at random) but there really are more effective strategies. Each city has a unique feel because the random features (station positions and type) may be tweaked to give different proportions of station types and proportions of stations of different types on different land masses. Also, some cities have unique features like the Osaka shinkansen (fast trains) or slightly different weekly choices.There are basic achievements for each city, which lets you work out the basic mechanics of the game. Then there are more demanding achievements, with extra restrictions like only having tunnels on one line, and a much more demanding passenger target. These require a more efficient network since your network will start to crack under the strain well before you reach the passenger target. If the earlier incarnations of your network (when you have most opportunity for radical changes since there are not so many passengers) weren't efficient enough, then you likely won't make it (although you might if you're very lucky!)."
,Recommended,287980,21038866,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Scott,"GeneralA great game to play if you want to spend a few hours playing. This game is an easy chilled game but can also be a hard thinking strategy game.UIThe UI is brilliant, an easy simple great looking interface. Love the graphics of the subway trains running in the background.GraphicsBrilliant game play for a small game. There are many maps to choose from in which you will have to score a certain amount of points to unlock the next map (level). They become harder and harder to build your rail the longer you last. There are many different game play modes which makes the game a easy chilling or a hard thinking strategy game.I would recommend this game"
76561198005730731,Recommended,287980,11674093,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Frontmaster,"Metro leaves you in control of stations in the area you have chosen, passengers will arrive at a station and show a little icon as to where they would like to go, your job is to create train runs to different stations, trying to connect as many passengers to the stations they would like to go to, but also as quickly as possible.   Each week you are given an option of an upgrade, for example you could choose an extra line, or an extra carriage.If passengers are left too long without being picked up by a train, the game ends.I have played this a couple of times and I really like it.  I look forward to music being added, but i'm not too fussed right now as I know its early access and will be added later on.  This is a fun little game and I can probably see this being released on tablets in the near future (maybe).30/03/2015 -  I've continued to play this game, dipping in and out every now and then.  The updates have continued to improve the game and I still enjoy it now as much as I originally did.  Keep up the great work.  I can see this working well on tablets too. (Unless it already is and i've missed that)."
76561198059694231,Recommended,287980,11747290,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,GETrain,"An awesome puzzle game, simple yet fun. Hope you add more cities in, and give the option to add in other public transportation like buses and taxis :D"
76561198024968243,Recommended,287980,12000944,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,arginine2,"This game is qutie a lot of fun, and it's different game modes make it even more versatile. It's new and is being updated with new features, but the updates are coming with surprising frequency and there are still many planned features that they are currently working on. I bought it not on sale and I dod not regret it.Regular mode is fun and frantic and is even more fun with a friend watching and giving recommendations (being that friend is also fun). The most part is when you realize how out of hand everything is and make emergency modifications so you can stay in for just a bit longer.Zen mode is great if you're burned out from a day of work and just need to sit back and do something simple. It still requires some thought but lacks the franticness of normal mode.This is a good game to play at almost any time you feel like playing a game, and it's my fallback for when I don't feel like playing anything. Highly recommended."
76561198031016342,Recommended,287980,11743953,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,msaylor84,"*EARLY ACCESS REVIEW*This is a really fun game.  If you enjoy looking at subway maps and playing an engaging puzzle game - then this game could be for you.  The gameplay is simplistic yet challenging.  As time progresses, subway stations appear ""randomly"" and you are tasked with connecting the stations to one another by drawing subway lines in any way you see fit.  Different stations consist of different shapes you'd typically see on a subway map (i.e. dots, squares, stars, etc.).  there are a limited number of trains, carriages, and tunnels at your disposal and every game turn (one week) you get to choose what you would like to buy.  Sometimes, it pays to buy an additional subway line to start a new line with or sometimes it pays to buy an extra carriage if there are a lot of passengers at your existing lines.  And always keep track of those river crossings with tunnels - make them count as you can only do so many of them each game (unless of course you buy more each game turn).  What keeps the game fun, fresh, and engaging for me is the ability to change subway lines as additional stations randomly appear - you are not stuck with what you originally drew.  You have the flexibility to continue to change and evolve your strategy and layout of your subway grid as time goes on and passengers appear in greater numbers.  This mechanic is what keeps the puzzle game aspect engaging - rather than just an exercise of draw some subway lines and sit back and watch the map come to life (which can be fun too!)Since the game is early access, they currently have London, Paris, and New York City to start with but there are additional cities (such as Sao Paulo and St Petersburg) that are greyed out but should be playable soon.  Also, sound is currently disabled and there are other game modes not enabled but this is something to look forward to has development continues."
76561198030048030,Recommended,287980,11886782,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Happy plays,Pretty fun game
,Recommended,287980,11699678,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Harvey,"Mini Metro. Simplicity at its finest.The idea is simple: get passengers from station to station by building railways.The UI is simple: Click and drag to draw railways through stations.The rules are simple: No more than four trains on one track, and if any station gets overcrowded you lose.From these simple principles emerges chaos. Sheer, utter, beautiful chaos - fueled by the ever increasing number of stations you have to cater for, and driven by hasty changes to your Metro to try and provide routes for passengers to take in order to get to their destination ASAP.And yet, despite how chaotic things get, you can still employ strategy and make reasoned decisions at every turn. At the start of a new game you might choose to stick to one design philosophy or another, leading to experimentation to see which is the most effective.This, coupled with the randomly generated stations, makes the game very replayable and, if you appreciate the slow pacing, very fun.Despite this, that's all there is to it, really. After 2 or 3 hours of play you've pretty much seen it all. I imagine, after a few more hours of play, I'll probably get a little bored. In my mind, it's something I'd return to whilst waiting to do something else - in a role similar to Super Hexagon.Highly recommended if you're looking for a fun little game to play whilst rendering a video or waiting to do something else."
,Recommended,287980,13208244,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,2facedsloth,"In Mini Metro your goal is to keep small towns or districs from becoming too crowded in a major city. Seems simple and easy, right? Well it is surprisingly difficult. You envelope quite a bit of time into each playthrough to devolpe a efficient transportation system. Whenever you achieve a smooth system, you get a great feeling of satisfaction. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategic games or is just looking for a game to kill a few hours. 12/10  Superb."
,Recommended,287980,26458442,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Virus_J,"This game is oddly satisfying and addicting to play!!Loving it so far, I hope the developer can add more types of train tracks in the future, or implement a system where bridges can be permanently used by different tracks. It's just really fun :D"
,Recommended,287980,12963468,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Argen,"Awesome little game, can't wait til it's full release. It may seem overly simple, but it gets insanely addictive and only takes a short amount of time per game. Totally worth the money."
,Recommended,287980,32863555,Posted: 27 June,all,Lay22,"A simple,some what addictive game with a pleasant and basic UI and intriguingly difficult to master gameplay style. It will definetly keep you entertained and you will no doubt spend hours trying to best your high score.Best to mute the in-game music and select some of your fondest choices of dank tunes to make for a calming and enjoyable game session."
76561197977604002,Recommended,287980,25986391,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,SrG#DoDProffitt,"Mini Metro is a very simple game, but that is one of its strengths, but for gameplay and as a stylistic choice. Anyone who's ever been fascinated by maps, and specifically transit systems, will love this game. It may seem like a niche interest but working towards making an efficient metro system can actually be highly addictive. The game is easy to start playing but hard to master, which is perfect when the ultimate goal is the just the tried and true persuit of a high score.Mini Metro offers a wide range of cities, some of which must be unlocked by scoring at a certain level on previous cities. Despite aiming for simplicty, there are a number of creative ways cities are differentiated, such as station type spawn patterns and different asset constraints.If the game were just this it would probably have limited longevity, but where it really shines for some is in the daily challenge. Once per day there's a random seed generated on a given map that everyone gets *one* shot at, and then placed on a leaderboard. This is great for those who are competitive but also don't want the hassel of setting up something more complicated or can't invest much time most days. Also great for just casual challenges in a circle of friends.Overall Mini Metro is a simple game with a set purpose, but nails that purpose right on the nose. If this game seems like your thing I'd recomend checking it out. If you're on the fence it still might be worth checking out when it goes on sale."
76561198007375920,Recommended,287980,29109498,Posted: 7 January,all,Caveman,"Mini Metro is a simple little and mildly addictive puzzle game. You can play it quickly - 20 - 30 minutes will usually be enough to play.It is a game where you have to link different cargo supplying spots and manage the trains linking them.  You are building an Underground network trying to survive the hectics of a modern metropolis. All games you start end the same: after an increasing amount of cargo you cannot move on time, one of your stations will be overfull and the game ends.The maps are simple and reflect the colours of tube maps of the different cities you can play. I like the layout of the maps. The sounds are suttle and pleasing. Different deliveries make different little sounds, and is relaxing.If you are looking for a train simulation game, this is not it.If you are looking for a simple game where you have to create and recreate a system to optimally move different forms around (stars, blocks, rounds etc) - and look for optimal efficiency with the knowlegde that in the end you will never reach a status quo - it is nice enough."
,Recommended,287980,27914901,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BIG NOOFA,"There is something about this game that does it for me. From the sounds of running the metro correctly, to the challenge of finding the best path for the lines and carriages you maintain.It's very well polished, and extremely easy to learn."
,Recommended,287980,30837261,Posted: 30 March,all,goblizz,"Mini Metro is graphically minimalist but does not short in gameplay. It's a nice strategy game; it works your brain to figure out the most efficient way to get all passengers to their destination. What's also fantastic is the game can be unplayed for days and it can just be opened up to kill 30 minutes - it has great replayability.I recommend it, especially if it goes on sale."
,Recommended,287980,19317237,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Aeromaximus,"While a simple and easy to understand game, it takes good critical thinking skills and a knack for organization to really master this game. A crisp, elegant design coupled with brilliant, satisfying sounds make this game an addicting pastime. Would recommend8/10"
,Recommended,287980,30018705,Posted: 18 February,all,[TG] Corpse,"What a fantastically fun little game. The interface is clean and comfortable, and the game mechanic is simple but always leaves you wanting to improve on your performance.There is a ton of content here, and plenty to keep you busy for quite a long time. There is no set path to passing a level, and the levels themselves unfold differently every time that you play them. It truly is a polished gem that more than delivers considering it's price. This is a challenging yet soothing game that you can lose yourself in for a few hours at a time.Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,287980,29026678,Posted: 4 January,all,maybe 10%,"There is a hell and it is circular. ---You will enjoy this game. I enjoyed this game. It is deceptively simple and allows you to cultivate your own preferred playstyle in the absence of any substantive tutorial and with an overly compliant difficulty curve geared towards early success. As someone looking to recline and take in some enjoyment, Mini Metro is sleek and superb - accept the invite and try it, and there's a number of solid hours of glee as individual levels are 'beaten:' with the player ultimately losing, or retiring, with enough points cached to earn an achievement.Mini Metro then politely deadlocks the door and insists that if you want to reach the high scores, to obtain the achievements which are (in this context) the only real signifiers of completion, you'll have to put up with obnoxious RNG and unfavourable spawns. You willrequiresome kind of bizarre foresight to overcome the random placement of the map's stations: four of one kind a row, with the game neglecting to provide you in the weekly update (in-game-time) with the upgrade you require (a tunnel, line, carriage, or whatever it may be given the precise circumstance), and Mini Metro quickly becomes an unpolished turd. The fact that the most exclusive achievements are possessed by a fraction of a percent of the playerbase in the port of a phone game should be evidence enough. Mini Metro is fun, but more of a joyous minimalist idea than a polished, concise video game experience:there is no win state except that which is self-imposed, and if your self-imposition relies even remotely on Steam achievements, then your win state is a monumentous gamble away.I'd have recommended this game for the first 6-8 hours I played it. Now I'm triggered, several attempts at one of the level's achievements later, and I no longer think it is worth the time: other reviewers have praised this game's reward structure, but I think it undeserving. ~"
76561197998255697,Recommended,287980,23312799,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,KrisJay,"Fun, casual metro system planning and ""puzzle"" game. Very minimalistic design choices based on metro and public transportation maps you see in big cities.Daily challanges and achievements keep this game going even after many hours of playing it."
,Recommended,287980,14162479,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Mustang,"extremely clever, simple and with a lot of depth. Definitely to be recommended"
,Recommended,287980,11888883,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,[DoE] Moondog,Elegant and beautiful.  Deceptively simple.  Emergence takes over and this fascinating puzzler gets more challenging and delightfully hectic as you go!
,Recommended,287980,26652096,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Blathers,It's pretty cool but very simple and plain. It can be fun and challenging once you start to play it a lot and get the hang of it. Its hard to say whether or not you should get it. If you like little mini management puzzle type games then this might be the game for you!
,Recommended,287980,27889829,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LucaZoneX,"Simple yet addictive. Its an urban movement management simulation, packaged up in an artistic and out of the box way. It provides complex problems to solve over an ever changing city location (of which there are many from around the world to choose from) and makes it an easy to drop in and out experience. Strangely I play Mini metro as a means of relaxation, much like many probably play Sudoku.Simple, Hot and Deep."
,Recommended,287980,17789163,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,feisayyr2003lmao,"A relaxing game that looks boring, but is really fun to play. Creating a dynamic metro and keeping it going has been made pretty damn fun, and the recent addition of sounds and music has made it a must-buy time killer. I still haven't beaten any of the challenges for expert mode, but I'm still trying."
,Recommended,287980,11863630,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,AnDanDan,This game made me hate circles with a zealous passion.
,Recommended,287980,24738305,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,OMGcat,"Well it`s pretty a challenging game. Being small, though, Mini Metro features several maps like HK or London which require you to linking subway stations and deliver passengers, and each map has its own characteristics, like on normal mode in Hong Kong you will be awarded 2 locomotives weekly but the passengers grow extensively, or in Osaka you will have to choose only one Shinkansen locomotive (it runs extremely fast) or two regular conterparts (which gives you more flexibility to manage your routes). It`s easy to pick up, with no need of delibrate train to get started. But if you wanna score higher than other players you have to stick to one map for days or weeks to figure out what its mechanism really is. A good news is that it`s easily accessible for mainland Chinese players as it`s completely affordable and  it features simplified Chinese :) . It`s a good stuff to take a leisure time if you don`t like FPS`s aggressive gameplay."
76561197979341506,Recommended,287980,34453431,Posted: 23 August,all,Shimky,+500 hours on Mini Metro. Most on the same map!Dinosaur Polo Club should pay for the psychiatriast I've employed to try and get me unhooked.
,Recommended,287980,34529139,Posted: 27 August,all,Yolphus,A simple game to just relax and do the objective. Great quality to play with. 9.5/10.
76561198008641921,Recommended,287980,11929209,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Bydandii,Ridiculously addictive for such a seemingly (and deceptively) simple game.
,Recommended,287980,21697792,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Trar [99th Calzones],"This is a mostly elegant puzzler that has you constructing stylized light rail lines in big cities and avoiding overcrowding at your stations for as long as possible. There's not much else to it other than daily challenges with leaderboards, a mode that makes all your tracks permanent and a mode that disables terminal overcrowding. It's kind of like ifTrain Valleywas a survival game.There's a couple problems that don't kneecap the game, but are still worth noting. The music is automatically generated from train movement and passenger sounds, which might get grating after a while. Stations pop up seemingly randomly enough, and end-of-week upgrades are determined randomly enough, that games are as much up to chance as they are up to your on-the-spot problem solving ability. At higher levels of play, the game becomes more about micromanagement than triage and strategic planning; ""train warping"" and ""ghost lines"" are terms often used to describe skills that are essential to earning high leaderboard positions and some achievements, but woefully immersion-breaking for a transit game. I still recommend this - I can see it being something you play while you're commuting yourself. Bonus points for having a night mode too."
76561198024609831,Recommended,287980,19867224,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Other,"Very fun and simple game. It's a shame it becomes quite hard after you hit 1000 passengers, but I think that's the point of the game: playing quick games."
76561198032912458,Recommended,287980,33242264,Posted: 4 July,all,ariadneborealis,"<Cue sad violin music>Dear Mini Metro, We need to chat. I like you, really I do but sometimes.... you can be rather rage inducing. I love your minimalist look and the simplicty of the graphics; I can even get used to the audio. What I find myself struggling with is  your lack of information, (what day am I on, what week is this, how much further until my next asset acquisition, etc?) How can we make this a success when you give me so little information? How can we grow into something wonderful without a space free of limitations, like the sandboxes we played in as children...<Insert record scatch here>Thats enough of that. I Like the game but I think it could use a few things. I'd like to see more info when I click on the clock ( day, week, etc) in the corner or my progress (how much further to my next asset). A sandbox/level editor would be great as well. I would also recommend a place where we, the players, could send in our maps and if the devs like them, stick them in the game as well! (with credit given where credit is due of course. But you knew that)<Back to violin music>Dont worry, Mini, we can make this work, we just need time."
76561198001790442,Recommended,287980,19164162,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sistermatic,"Ever had a Christmas present wrapped in plain paper? You opened the present and what was in it kept you occupied for hours, days even.Welcome to Mini Metro, very ordinary looking (and I didn't buy this for a long time because of how it looked, seriously) but if I had to describe Mini Metro in 2 words I would say Deceptively Simple. with all the emphasis on deceptive.""I got this"" you think to yourself as you link the triangle station with the square station and onwards to the circle station. Out of nowhere comes a diamond station and everybody wants to go there. So you throw down another line all smug-like and watch the numbers building.EZPZ!! 200, 300, 400, 500... Oh. What? I have no bridges? I''ll go around. 550... Wait. What? Why is that station overcrowding? Aha.. I'll just add a carriage. No?? A train then? Errr. Nope. Reroute, reorganise... Ahh that's better.... AHA, a new station. I'll just link that with the blue line. Oh oh. Can't cross... Oh. What do I do??Aggghh!! Game over. You managed to shift 578 people in 48 days. Dammit. I'll try again....And again. And again. And again. And again...........9/10Game is on rails. Far too simple. Right?(Edit: Typos)"
,Recommended,287980,24126611,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Velo,">Ok, I just finished closing my lines.>Oh, a circle just appeared, better connect that.>Oh, another circle, right next to the last.>... another circle.>circle.>circle.>circle.>stations are now clogged because of circles.>.,..>,,,,>....>A SQUARRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"
76561197993692923,Recommended,287980,12278873,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,noddster,Highly addictive but very simple game!Even tough it's still in Early Access I've already spent several HOURS on this casual game!
76561198344523676,Recommended,287980,29285324,Posted: 15 January,all,schwarzkopfhighpriest,"Good. Insanely good. Not since RCT II have I found as an addictive and mezmorizing game as Mini Metro.At first, you think ""It's a puzzle game!""  No.And then you think ""It's a sim game!"" No.And then you think ""It's a strategy game!"" No.It's all three. And a logistics game too.The beauty of the game lies in its simplicity and its elegance. No fancy graphics to chew up your computer speed. No messy noises to ruin your hearing. No time consuming constructions to build.  It basically takes you back to when strategy/sim games were simple, eloquent & easy to learn how to play... and nearly impossible to master.Taking a few queues from SimCity, Locomotion, Railroad Tycoon & RollerCoaster Tycoon II, Mini Metro is incredibly easy to learn. A few quick rounds in London to get started, and you're off. Each level varies in complexity, challenging issues & equipment. Melbourne for example features same-speed trams that cross your map slowly. Whereas Osaka has high-speed rail links to work with. And Cairo's short car subways fill up quickly.Part of what makes this game so great is the straightforward graphics. No frills. No gimmicks. No flashy BS to showcase a programmer's tiny little....ego. It's brilliant as it has less - and it works by being so much more.Highly addictive. Highly recommended. And possibly in my top 5 games played of all time. (And I go back to the 1980s, kids...)"
76561198040766911,Recommended,287980,12219720,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Svendermeanie,"A great casual game that you can play if you like solving puzzles. You feel connected to those little shapes as they try and make their morning commute. You feel their frustration as the metro pulls away and they are left on the platform. So It looks like Mr. Pentagon is not going to make it to Timmy Triangles birthday over in Circle plaza.  Thanks Mr. Designer of the Metro Timmy is now crying.But overall the game is really fun, and takes a bit to get use to how to move the lines, but you get the hang of it after a while. 10/10 would recommend for puzzle lovers."
76561197982201403,Recommended,287980,11886085,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Maladroit,"Mini Metro is that game that I've wanted to play since gradeschool when I doodled city maps and mass transit systems in my notebook margins.  I am utterly hooked on the early access release, and I'm very excited by the prospect of more maps and game modes.  Maxis regrettably stripped trains and subways (a.k.a. the fun parts) out of the Sim City franchise, and Dinosaur Polo Club has concentrated them in this addictive and stylish game.  I highly recommend this to everyone."
,Recommended,287980,20251358,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hirikara,"Mini Metro is a really fun casual game that is addictive and actually quite challenging. It's also fun to see the silhouettes of various cities and to try to build you own ""metro"" in those cities."
76561197970780390,Recommended,287980,19922348,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Carpii,"This game is pretty much everything I hoped it would be, from the screenshots.Its beautiful in its simplicity, yet challenging enough to be interestingI really wish it presented you with your best personal scores when you end a leveland also notified you when you beat your previous high score. Right now you are left to figure it all out manually, with no notification"
76561198116492961,Recommended,287980,16245835,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Tarfun,"A fun lil game which can be left running in the background if busy or foreground if you don't care about work. Definitely worth picking up to kill a few hours whilst almost beleiving that you are abroad, before realising that you are not.10/10 immersive."
76561197998417053,Recommended,287980,26035782,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,jack.aidley,"A real minimalist masterpiece. Simple visuals, simple sound, and simple mechanics combine to produce a deeply compelling game. Fantastic."
76561198148147423,Recommended,287980,27551674,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Flarm3,"I got this game through my brother telling me about it while it was still in early access, like, REALLY early access, like, so early there wasnt even any music early. And I gotta say, it's only improved scince then, the simplistic graphics make it easy to focus on everything. I highly recommend this game,  and as of this review, a mobile adaptation has recently been released. so you can play on the go! Overall, the game is fun and worth your money."
76561198048699006,Recommended,287980,23817729,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,nstemberger,"This game is so stunningly simple and yet so complex with just the right amount of difficulty.So glad I took a chance on this game. Feeling like you're redesigning the major metros/subway systems of the world was cool, relatable, and satisfying. I hope more cities are added in the future.. Especially Chicago and Toronto- I thought the EL would've been a no-brainer. That being said, this game has high replayability. You always want to top your best score and that's difficult for a game to accomplish. Solid 8.5/10 from me. This was an absolute STEAL on the steam sale- it almost feels criminal. ALMOST."
76561198217307004,Recommended,287980,30226152,Posted: 27 February,all,scorpioalec,So addictive. Can't stop playing it 10 minutes every day.
,Recommended,287980,21559963,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,jadekiwi,"""Wait, Auckland doesn't have a...""""Oh. OH. I SEE THE JOKE HERE.""Brought the game on the strength of that joke alone. However, the game is strong enough on its own merits that I'm very pleased with my purchase. On endless, you've got a fantastic idle game you can fiddle with while listening to a podcast, trying to up your efficiency. On normal, you've got an intriguing puzzle that requires your constant attention, analysis and problem-solving skills [along with the occasional gamble] as you try and make sure that the people flow so as to not get left standing on a station to the point where their complaints get you shut down.As a side note, I like to imagine that this represents the complete anarchy of people who're waiting on a station platform for too long. An hour is fine, but when they're waiting for a whole day to get to work, they're probably going to start burning things to get your attention.The way you draw 'lines' in both the sense of a metro and in the sense of them being literal lines is a kinaesthetic pleasure. The visual and auditory senses combine to create a meditative yet active and engaging mood. Fantastic work on that sound, by the way. Very few games combine what's happening in the game with the sound the player hears that well. You can see from screenshots, too, the aesthetic appeal of the game. If you don't get some amount of pleasure just from looking at the game, then you might want to check whether or not you actually want to buy it.In normal [which in some ways feels like 'survival', at the end of each week you get an upgrade to your system. These vary from map to map [In Cairo your trains only hold four passengers, in another of the maps you can get fast bullet trains] but you always get another train of some description which you can plop on an existing line or use as the basis of a new one. After accepting this, you get the choice between one of two additional upgrades, both of which you'll sorely need. Perhaps you need another two bridges to complete some loops, or another car to double the capacity of a train, maybe a fourth line so that you can make each more efficient. Whichever you choose, you may within moments regret your bad, stupid choice, because there's now a station on that one little island you've been looking at, wondering how soon you'll need more bridges to access. Now you have to redo a track or two to free up a bridge to make a line that reaches it. And a line it shall be, because although loops are generally more efficient, you just can't do it with that track if you want it to cover where you need it to cover.Thus is the loop of the game. Meet demand. Watch demand rise. Panic. Meet demand.If I must provide some outright negatives, I'll say that the game does what I might call a shoddy job at teaching you the basic controls. The tooltips telling you how to play only pop up once, so if you missed them, good luck. You can fiddle around a bit and make peace with losing a couple of games prematurely in order to work it all out, but some things it doesn't even seem to tell you [at least in enough detail you you'd understand it at first], like the fact you can click in the middle of a line between two stations and drag it to another station to add it to the link. A basic tool at your disposal, though not indespensible, the alternative way to perform the action is more time consuming, which gets in the way of the main appeal of this game, which is its creative flow.That being said, all in all, this is a fantastic minimalist piece of logical art. The couple of issues I had learning the game at first were all resolved within the first hour, and I've had a great time since  then. It's fresh, and even after you understand it, the occasional curveball always keeps it interesting, as does the pursuit of perfection.Nice to see a brilliant indie game from NZ."
,Recommended,287980,23648077,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,FilthyLeech,It all comes down to the commuter wait times. No time wasted on deciding whether to build tunnels or bridges. No pesky budgets to balance. No politics and no legislative restrictions. Just the art of designing the best possible subway system there is. This game is absolutely hands down worth your time and money! I can higly recommend it. ^_^
76561198178101393,Recommended,287980,28920886,Posted: 1 January,all,Evi Song,"This game is somehow both stressful and relaxing.  The music is calm and quiet, and the game itself is very simplistic.  My only major critic is that the tutorial is terribly inadequate-- I had to take to the internet to figure out some stuff that should've been explained originally."
,Recommended,287980,11822257,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Perdix,"TL;DR - Mini Metro is a top-down iconographic map-planning and resource-management simulation in which you build a metro system that somehow manages to pop new stations up at an alarming rate.  Your only resource is time, and you will eventually lose - the satisfaction in this game comes from creating a well oiled machine.  I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoyed building transport networks on Simcity 4 or find themselves building all possible city improvements in Civ just because they like to see the city doing well.This (as of writing) is a game in Beta, but still thoroughly enjoyable.  Your task is to create a metro network by facilitaing the transport of shaped passengers (circle, square, triangle, star etc) with the same shaped stations.  This is done by connecting thestation shapeswith a coloured transport line - a train will automatically carry passengers back and forth along the line's length.The difficulty comes from the fact that each station can only so many passengers - and once a station has been full for 30 seconds, it's game over.  This becomes more and more likely as the map progressively bigger, more stations are added, and more shapes are included - your only tools against this are earned at the end of each week; more trains, more lines, and more carriages.  To throw one more spanner into the works, each map contains a river which can only be travered through the use of 'tunnels' - again, only to be earned at the end of each week.  This causes  for some very difficult decisions to be made about whether you should pick more trains to add to your system, or whether you're going to need to get over the river with one of your lines before the week is out.The aesthetic mirror's the current London Underground colouring and angling - meaning that even when you end up losing the game, looking back over your map is a fairly satisfying experience.I definitely recommend to anyone who enjoys intense resource management and optimising pathing; the skill in this game is in weighing up many different routes simultaneously and evaluating which is the best.  An oddly satisfying experience all the way through; one that will be even better once the music and sound effects have been added into the game."
76561198081730122,Recommended,287980,16455536,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Prycon,Let's Go To The Metro ... Today!
76561198038285890,Recommended,287980,24370883,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,buffomounie,"Such a simple concept, and yet so much fun!  The graphics are absolute basic, almost comical, but that does not take away from the gameplay.  The interface is very intuitive, and I found myself playing immediately without even bothering to look up anything about how to play.  This game is relaxing, yet challenging.  You'll soon be trapped by the ""next time I'll do it so much better"" feeling, and before you know it you've been playing for an hour...Your goal is to connect the metro stations together.  New stations pop up at random on the map, and you decide whether to extend an existing train line to service that new station or to create a new line.  You can add extra trains, extra cars, and even extra-fast trains to your lines as the game progresses.  Use your tunnels and bridges sparingly, because you only have so many to work with.  Also, the total number of train lines, engines, and carriage cars are also limited, but you can choose which items you want more of at the end of each simulated week in the game.  When people have to wait too long at a station to catch a train, the game is over.  Simple, right?  Ha!  If only...After you've played a few rounds you begin to think like a traffic engineer.  How can I best eliminate this bottle-neck?  Should I add another line to short-cut between these two large hubs?  Or maybe just add another train to the line?  What about making a loop?  You find yourself trying all sorts of different ideas, and cursing yourself when a new station pops up across the river and you don't have any bridges or tunnels left because you foolishly squandered them early on to make an inner-city loop!Mini Metro has a calm, relaxed atmosphere, and it reminds me a bit of the original Railroad Tycoon, but in this game there is no real economy.  There's nothing to buy, and the supply of track is unlimited.  Your only real adversary is time.  You need to keep the people moving, and the trains only go so fast...  An average game lasts about 10 minutes.Tons of fun, especialy for such a simple concept.  If you liked Sim City or Railroad Tycoon, chances are good that you'll love this game.  And at only 10 bucks, it's pretty cheap too."
,Recommended,287980,34329324,Posted: 18 August,all,Sacripantas,"The main idea is to be minimalist. If you don't like that, this is not a game for you.That being said, mini metro is a very good game to spend some garbage time playing.Manage subway stations through various cities in the world.pros:- light.- minimalist- great soundtrack- every time you play a level it starts differentlycons:-the ""city"" map is nothing more than rivers and basins. The stations do not follow it's real locations-it can be quite stressfulif you are into minimalist games and subway I'd recommend"
76561197999533153,Recommended,287980,34285352,Posted: 16 August,all,Kookaburra,"This is an elegant little game with a tight concept, minimalist design, and no need for instructions. Easy to play for 30 minutes or hours and is unlike anything else out there. This game will suit people who like organization and strategy."
,Recommended,287980,35052685,Posted: 18 September,all,Sobrevivo,Extremely elegant and simple in design and game play while simultaneously stimulating the senses and taxing your neurons
,Recommended,287980,35011298,Posted: 16 September,all,Latch,"Who new a river could make me frustrated, good game still."
76561197978355128,Recommended,287980,15362693,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,HackfressenJoe,Nice game idea! Totally worth the money! :)
76561197994684276,Recommended,287980,23568767,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,NevznachaY,A perfect game for people obsessed with a) public transportation; b) clean design; c) intelligent dive-right-in action puzzle games. That's totally me!
76561198024738966,Recommended,287980,19531833,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,NeonFrog,"Weekend to do list went down the drain, what a hugely addictive game!   I've always been a fan of the Railroad Tycoon, Cities Skylines, SimCity type genre - this is right there with them.  Simplified but I've said ""I'm restarting and doing it THIS way..."" about 40 times in the last 2 days."
,Recommended,287980,28855231,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[FP] Dr. McKay,"I love this game. I'm a big fan of logistics games (looking at you, Factorio). This is the pinnacle of logistics gaming. Get things from point A to point B efficiently. Literally the definition of logistics.It's just great. It's relaxing, it's fun, and it's challenging. I love it. I wish there was a ""Logistics"" tag on Steam."
,Recommended,287980,28431679,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,hexadek,"A beautifully minimalistic design, and hugely addictive game.Very easy to pick up, but can see this game being incredibly hard to master (and ever harder to stop playing.)With a very fair price-tag to boot; highly recommended!"
,Recommended,287980,16469115,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rob,"Incredibly fun.  Planning an efficient network is deceptively complicated, despite the apparent simplicity of the game, and such a joy.  It distills transport network planning to its core and pumps it straight into your veins.  Takes all of my concentration for minutes as soon as a new station pops up on screen!I'm completely addicted.Works well with mouse and works just as well if you have a touch-enabled laptop/tablet/convertible!"
,Recommended,287980,11732146,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Jack Bauer,"Oddly addictive game, which has some really nice, intuitive controls. Very easy to get sucked into this game for hours on end."
,Recommended,287980,24992327,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Novae,"I really like Mini Metro! 9/10If you like management games I'd totally recommend this game.-It's fun! (no♥♥♥♥♥♥sherlock, but I mean REALLY fun)-It's easy to understand-It's as hard, or easy, as you want-It has good simple graphix-You can spend alot of time to gain all achievements-It's unique, you wont find much gameplay like thisOnly two small bad points:-The tracks dont always go the way you want, you have to get used to how to place them exactly how you want.-You are limited at how many tracks leave a station at one side."
76561198062023290,Recommended,287980,21256132,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Immueggpain,A little overpriced since it's very repetitive... otherwise a good one. Also good for pad.
,Recommended,287980,14269110,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Shugnussy,"It's very easy to say that Mini Metro is my newest addiction. After traveling to various cities and experiencing multiple transit lines, it's fun to be in the commanding seat to map out where everything goes. Having familarity with the cities is a huge plus when playing the game, and adds an extra level of amusement. The design of the game is so simple, pretty and just amazing to stare at. My favorite part has to be when you get a huge city going with dozens of stops, multiple color lines, and trains, it's just great to see all the colors moving around. The city never stops moving."
,Recommended,287980,33742147,Posted: 23 July,all,Elsis,"A simple, minimalistic and relaxing game. Not a game you'll play for hours a day but will come back to pretty much every day to do a level."
76561198042915018,Recommended,287980,15467510,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Gagamel,"Don´t expect this game to be about finances as I did but read the description to the end. But if you like to play games which are designed to have you failing, where you have to look for better and better tactics, then you´ll have your great fun with it. Ultra-intuitive, not even a tutorial is needed. Smooth performance (if this is even worth mentioning for this kind of game) and well-looking surface. A bit expensive in my opinion but a good game nevertheless."
76561198018095779,Recommended,287980,32904030,Posted: 27 June,all,ratzojack,"Great game to get sucked into. I find it so easy to kill hours trying and retrying for my metro to be ""just a little more efficiant"". Although it doesnt offer much in guidance, it's very basic in it's gameplay and quick to pick up. Mastering it though? that takes some skill and a little luck too."
,Recommended,287980,12409013,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,PowerPlug,"Mini Metro, a strategy game by Dinosaur Polo Club that is so simple yet so fun, you’d think that they actually made a game equivalent to Sudoku.The game revolves around you, a bunch of shapes that resemble stations, train lines and customers that look like shapes. You have to connect all the stations together and get all the passengers to where they want to be without the stations getting crowded. The maps slowly expand revealing more play area to which more stations open up for you to connect to. You can make numerous train lines or add more trains and carriages to existing lines to help transporting passengers.There are numerous levels to play on, each with rivers where you have to make tunnels through, despite the limited supply. You get a train given to you every week and a choice of an extra tunnel, carriage or train line to get to help you win. Even though it looks easy, it isn’t really. They added an extra mode which is the equivalent of a sandbox mode, where the stations can get full of passengers but the game doesn’t end, this allows you to just build and deliver passengers as you please, while still working with the limited supplies. They plan on making another mode which will be hard-core, only for experienced players, more cities, customers but maybe less or normal amount of assets.Mini Metro is In Early Access currently (time of review posting) and therefore isn’t finished, a simple game with lots to do. Despite the lack of music, there are big plans for the future and it’s exciting to imagine what comes next. The game comes with the ability to change between colour-blind mode and not colour-blind mode, meaning that players who have trouble with colours can still play the game. There is even a Day and Night mode that changes the colour of the game, white for day and black for night so it doesn’t hurt your eyes. These two features aren’t given often in games but should be added for those who need these options.This game, despite its easy looks it is quite hard, and that’s something you don’t see much anymore, hard games that look easy. Dinosaur Polo Club have developed a game that is really fun and challenging, something that strategy game lovers need in their steam library.I rate this game a 9/10. Not a 10 because of the lack of features, but since it’s an Early Access game, a couple more updates and it’ll be a 10/10."
,Recommended,287980,17015855,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Trollzera,10/10 would buy againnice little game for in between
,Recommended,287980,14224060,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Jezer,"After plaing for just an hour, I can give this game a tumbs up.Pros:+You can make art without realizing it.+Tons of levels to choose from+Tons of options and graphics+Runs on my Optiplex 9010, WOO+Challenging, Fun and FogivingCons:-Sadly there are no cons... yet10/10"
76561198115259715,Recommended,287980,12516067,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,OlivanK,"The combination of this art style and the extemely intense gameplay had me the most stressed and the most relaxed i have ever been at the same time.While it may not sound positive to say this, this gamne is perhaps my favourite time sink. Yes that is positive.10/10 would clog up London again"
76561198136431151,Recommended,287980,13311482,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Blazing Banana,"I don't know why this game is so fun! It is so simple, but so addicting!"
,Recommended,287980,12196157,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Chrobs,"Mini Metro manages to mix a minimalistic art style with simple-to-learn, hard-to-master gameplay to create something that fits perfectly in to 20 minutes or 2 hours. Play while listening to music, podcasting, mobile, or just zen out. The cons are the handful of levels and few game modes, but for the price I highly recommend."
,Recommended,287980,12020588,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,USB Mass Storage Device,"I don't know what the word is for ""racism, except geometric shapes"", but this game has it.9/10 circles suck"
76561198063109007,Recommended,287980,16551770,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,sourabh2504,"I like City/Transit management games, so I picked up Mini Metro. I am loving the experience so far and here are my observationsPROS- Great looking art style which also makes game easy to play- Variations in challenges (Modes) and lots of new cities- Great for whiling away timeCONS- No Audio yet, but I hear they are working on it- Lags a bit when there are a lot of stations/trainsI recommend this game :)"
,Recommended,287980,11792295,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,FalseAurora,"The general premise of the game is to deliver little shapes to their dedicated stations, each of which randomly appear every in game day. Every week you choose to receive special items that can propel you to a greater map of stations and lines. I only bought his recently, but i imagine i can never get bored of playing it. At the time of this review, you can choose to play in Paris, London or New York, all of which provide a different gameplay experience. I recommend this game."
,Recommended,287980,12875687,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,jjolaney,"Great game, cant wait until the full release."
76561198131858913,Recommended,287980,17645803,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,just_google_it,"So many hours of thrilling gameplay, the graphics are 11/10 and i had know idea why i bought it but its better than COD or any other AAA titleDont question; just buy many copies"
,Recommended,287980,12146355,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Frank Walker,"Even though its still being developed, loving it so far. Its a quaint indie game with great potential. Highly recommend giving it a sus"
76561198033920909,Recommended,287980,11833933,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Morlina,This is a game that makes you happy to quit in furstration.While early access the game is very playable as it currently stands. You build a subway and if you make it through a week without overcrowding any station you get another locomotive and a choice of upgrade from between two items. You usually really need both and it makes it hard to pick.Somewhere in week five you have a jump in diffcultly where you have to scramble to keep everything going. I save a carriage and a locomotive just for that hump. You keep growing and growing until you have a station overcrowd and you fail. I can usually go four or five games before I get furstrated with failing. I've played hours on the beta version before they came to early access. I was happy to play until I quit in furstration and come back to try again later.There is supposed to be a zen mode coming. When that hits I'll be playing lots more.The delevopers are very good about feedback. I mentioned my family needed a colorblind mode and they were very good about asking what would make it easier for us. I've seen where things I've suggested (that I'm sure others suggested too) have been implemented already.This is early access done right. When it gets closer to finished I'll be buying this for a friend if they haven't given in and gotten it by then. And that's the best recommandation I can give a game.
76561198045904508,Recommended,287980,11856620,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Aventador,"So I spend 6$ for a game with no sound and with only a few playable map at the beginning ....no achievement , no cards, no♥♥♥♥♥♥.....IM NOT EVEN MAD !!Its simplistic without being dull .... (Imagine going to Beijing's Great Wall with no horde of tourists)Its F**kin Subway ! (No , not that crappy overpriced sandwich)"
,Recommended,287980,11861159,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Nigerian Eagle,Good game
76561198078047632,Recommended,287980,11953996,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Sir Kollin of Georgia,"This is an absolutely amazing game, it is incredibly fun and addicting, and it has one of the most well designed UI's in gaming history, and the fact this comes out of a game such in early alpha that sound isn't even implemented yet. I highly recomend you purchase this game, and at a price of $6.99 (when i purchased it), it is an amazing deal for the entertainment value and the potential for the game."
,Recommended,287980,11899525,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Infallible,"You would think after hours of staring at an underground map you would be bored. But no. Quite the opposite. I can't wait for the audio, and more maps. Regardless of what you say all the maps play dramatically differently."
,Recommended,287980,12467770,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,The Last Time Lord,"It's colorful, fun to watch while you're playing, the UI is smooth as silk and has that classic game quality - easy to learn, hard to master."
,Recommended,287980,12066218,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,ben_is_able,"The thing I like about this game is that it is extremely simple but appropriately tough as nails at the same time. Watching your network run is just mesmerising, even with no sound. I can see myself spending many sleepless nights playing this. This has unbelieveable build quality for a beta, in the 10 hours I've played I've only encountered one 'maybe' bug (In Zen mode the weekly funding stops suddenly.) I can only imagine how incredible this game would be when it is ready for release.  The only minor gripe is that I wish that there was a true sandbox mode where you can create your own map, actually have control of station placement, and be able to name your lines and stations. But that doesn't really affect my enjoyment of this game. I absolutely would recommend this for those simulation/puzzle lovers who just want to let go for a little while and just lay some rail."
,Recommended,287980,12868362,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,benedict barnold,"Interested in transport simulators but found Cities In Motion a little to complicated and hard to understand or play? Good, welcome to Mini Metro. This quick-paced game places you in the hands of a subway train line designer. Your goal is to draw a subway map, connecting stations of various shapes and ensuring that each shape has an easy way to get to a different shape. It sounds a little confusing, but one play and everything will make complete sense. Great game to play."
76561198175964009,Recommended,287980,24925447,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,akuburass,This game is perfect for those times where you just want to relax and enjoy a simple yet hard puzzle game. Its perfect if you ever want to just relax and play for fun. I really recommend this for anyone. Life can be stressful and hard so a simple game like Mini Metro is perfect for those hard times where you lose sight of whats good in life.
,Recommended,287980,17813583,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,[PL155] D.Wheatley,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorMini Metro is a fun, strategy game. It is a really great game for the price! It is the same each time, but the game is so great it never gets boring!No, I did not steal that from a curator, well,I did, but that's my group! I have a right to :PREVIEW STARTS HEREOk. Mini Metro is one of those games that is very addictive. It's one that might come up behind you and say something like, ""Hey, I'm single..."" and creep you out, so you might be not that keen of it if you just look at the outside (trailer, screenshots, etc.) I know I wasn't! But then, one of my friends bought it and recommended it. He told me to give it a go. I did. I immediately fell in love with this game. It's one of those games you play a little each week or month and you keep coming back to it now and then. Unlike COD or CS:GO or TF2, it's one that you play a little at a time, not 12 hours straight!RATINGS:SubjectScoreGameplay9/10Price10/10Difficulty7/10 (10 is easy)Audio58/10*Overall Rating8.5/10NOTES:• *Audio, as of writing, has been implemented less than a week ago. It is bound to change. I will attempt to update this review as it changes• This, as it says at the top of the review, is anEARLY ACCESS REVIEWthe game in it's current state may/may not be like the final version. Check the bottom of the review to see when it was last edited![h2]EDIT (AFTER EARLY ACCESS):[/h2]•After Early Access has ended, this game is still remarkable for the cost! Just £6.99 (UK FTW)!•*The audio has been updated to a much better quality! Huzzah!"
,Recommended,287980,22223795,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,AliKira,Mini Metro is by far one of my favourite games. You're given the challenge of building a metro system that successfully links people to the destinations of their choices without overwhelming the network or resulting in waiting too long at any one station. It's remarkably zen but also remarkably challenging... and I can't help but love to play this game!I particularly love the daily challenges which provide their own constraints but which can only be attempted once.
,Recommended,287980,24327127,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,DasCanadiaPika,"EXCELLENT value. For the $4.99 I payed in a sale, I got great value. 3 modes of gameplay, 11 levels and a  minisculue price tag. In fact, I colud nearly have ticked the ""Check this box if you received this product for free"" box. Buy it."
76561198094696154,Recommended,287980,23827906,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fondé Lab,Simple concept but things get complicated after the map gets bigger and more stations involved.Great for puzzle lovers.However gameplay is repititive without much changes.Does not worth more than ~RM13
76561198035036202,Recommended,287980,23772480,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Napo,"Bought this late at night, had trouble putting it away to go to bed. Would buy again"
76561198141570895,Recommended,287980,23791961,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,kocha44,"Addictive game.  Bought it yesterday, already played all maps and want more more more!  Absolutely recommended for everyone, kids love it, I love it, everyone loves it."
76561198108795825,Recommended,287980,23818056,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Germex0012,"A simple, clean, and minimalist game. Mini Metro is beautiful from every angle, from it's design to its gameplay. A gameplay that is simple, yet, amazingly rich in strategy. The combination of its music with gameplay sound effects make for a relaxing and addictive time - until things get exciting/stressful with more complex maps.10/10"
,Recommended,287980,23835024,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,sonstwas,"This game is just amazing.My parents didn't know what to do this weekend because the weather isn't really nice so they didn't want to go out.So I had the idea, let them try Mini Metro. So I explained them everything and gave them my tablet. Now their playing it for over 4 hours straight.Thank you this entertaining sunday, it is really fun watching them playing together ;)"
,Recommended,287980,17009137,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Lowrater,"Mini metro is a mini metro strategy simulation game, where you design the lines of metro's in a efficient and redrawing way, to keep your city moving.Here is a demo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5p9wetlCzs&list=PLxDx_O1l8oBsL0E3WAgija_C_ITc9aAhl&index=1"
76561198139346883,Recommended,287980,19524023,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,MrDocBrown,Fun concept. I hardly play more than 20 minutes in one sitting and I find its great for a little break during work or study.
,Recommended,287980,16435563,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sven ☠ 2157,"This is one of those games that you are terrified to play.  Why?  Because you open it at 5pm, and when you finally look up, it could easily be 5am!Great puzzler!  Spend the $7 ( USD ) and enjoy yourself!"
76561198116967208,Recommended,287980,21114209,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Cottonheads,"Mini Metro is a very good casual game, it's simple to play but offer a lot of challenge if you want to get some high scores."
,Recommended,287980,20887795,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,prettybadgamer,"Beautiful, challenging, and stressful as hell! I really enjoy this game and it's a blast to play, check out my prettybadreview here to see more about the game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGKTA2JZaTA"
76561198256388921,Recommended,287980,20932440,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,飛雪,"This is a nice and simple puzzle game that makes you connect 'stations' of various shapes with other 'stations' in order to use 'trams' to transport shapes to their corresponding station. The reason I put stations and trams in citation marks is because I think the theme of the game could easily be something else entirely. However does it matter that the theme is not the strongest? Not at all. Mini Metro is not a game that requires a lot of theme. It is a fun little puzzle game that gets harder as you progress and as you create more and more elaborate lines. I really enjoy how easy the game is to understand without the need of a text heavy tutorial. I like that the game maintains simplicity in design while adding complexity in the options the player will have to solve each puzzle. You can arrange and rearrange your lines as much as you like and you can deploy and redeploy trams and carriages at your convenience. So wherein lies the challenge? Well, to me, the challenge comes from a limited set of lines and trams available combined with a growing number of stations and passengers. A line that I might have had no problems with before, suddenly becomes overcrowded and I have to rearrange my lines or trams in order to deal with the situation before it is too late.Obviously, as the game is so simple and minimalistic, it is not something that I have played, or even see myself playing for hours on end. But I rather enjoy bringing it out when I have to kill a quarter of an hour or something along those lines. The puzzles change every time so I don’t feel like I’ve exhausted any of the cities in the game yet and in fact, some of the cities have now become a race against my own previous achievements. The game also has a nice tranquil feeling to the design to the point where it can feel both stressful to decide where to place the next line or which tram to give an extra carriage, as well as calming to watch the gentle movement on the pure white background.All in all, a good game worth a look if you’re into puzzle games."
76561197970408157,Recommended,287980,24017547,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DeftMunky,"Polished as all get out, completely realized, absolutely sublime."
76561197983009903,Recommended,287980,24026362,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,mark_p_reed,Fun little game.  Seems simple at first but soon builds to a real challenge.I am loving it.Where did my day just go?One more go....
,Recommended,287980,24028595,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,reyserbeil,"Great relaxing puzzle game, easy to learn, difficult to master. I've played it 3hours straight now. It's really adictiveI rate 9.5/10 because it seems like something is missing... Don't know what though"
,Recommended,287980,14125888,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,kanisawesome999,YESSSSSS!
,Recommended,287980,12870925,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Dak0ster,Very relaxing puzzle game.
76561198046137988,Recommended,287980,12307913,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Aaelar,"A very fun and quaint game, the devs seem very determined to pump out regular updates for it as well. You'll easily spend hours playing it."
,Recommended,287980,11998197,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Unsigned String,This game is worth every penny spent.
76561198007930591,Recommended,287980,15231716,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,thors' lantern,"Mini Metro is a fun and relaxing game.  It is easy to play, although there is no tutorial or manuel. But this isn't a problem because it makes the game more fun because you can find out yourself how you do this or what happens when you do that. It also can happen that you play this game a few hours in a row. Their is no soundtrack or soundeffects yet, but this lack of sound can be compensated by playing your own music in the background.So everyone who likes to play a strategic game, that's relaxing and fun, Mini Metro is your game."
76561198135268407,Recommended,287980,12880477,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,EWall,"Simple, Fun, and easy to run. I will say don't have high expectations, exactly what you see and nothing more, but still definately worth it."
76561198091647527,Recommended,287980,16491927,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Prolapsed Anus,"This is a truly amazing game. The satisfication you get from controlling a mega-metroplitation is unbelievable. The simplicity and brilliant visuals are amazing.The only problem is the sound, there's no update to this game with any sound yet. I'm sure it'll be brilliant"
76561198084451799,Recommended,287980,11704333,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Skyuau,"If this game was out of beta and fully released, I would cringe at the price of this game. However, since this is still early access, I can recommend this game to anyone who's looking for a relaxing puzzle. I'm sure the game will keep improving as time goes on, and there will be more mechanics to make the game more interesting. Though, at this point and time, it gets old within half an hour."
,Recommended,287980,16030309,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,4Brooker,"Awesome game. Played it since the first Alpha, never had a moment for regretting it.Edit: The new achievements are really  difficult to achieve. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,287980,18929442,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,IAmMetro,"Simple, Elegant, and Wonderful.It's incredibly satisfying to create an efficient Metro system, even if the game is trying it's hardest to make your perfect system crumble under the demand. The controls are not completely explained, but five seconds of fiddling will allow you to figure it out. Other than that, everything's pretty intuitive. There's also plenty of maps available for you to work around, so there's damn near infinite replayability.The developers did an excellent job."
,Recommended,287980,18945064,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Tasty Pickles,Colourful like the nyan cat.11/10 WOULD Nyan-Nize (PATRONIZE) AGAIN
76561198021868661,Recommended,287980,16453111,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Insomnia'77,"This game that started out as a browser game, may look simple. But as many other games, this game proves that graphics should not be the main reason for trying out a game. That said, the graphics is very functional and good looking when you get into the symbols and gameplay.When you got past the graphics, you just cannot put it down. You have to try to make the most efficient network. When it's game over you just have to try one more time. And then you question yourself, why it you haven't got anything done today.The concept is simple, but it is based upon the network building in all the traffic tycoon games. Which is probably the reason why some old games still is going strong today (Transport Tycoon for example). And it's has also added a puzzle element, that I will be a bit careful calling a puzzle. It's more a challenge of optimization.If you want a transport game that will last just a few minutes, look no further. As long as you know you can quit when it's game over...This review was written when in Early Access. So no sound was added yet. This is the only thing that I miss. I would really like some simple sounds when a new stop appears and when some stations get crowded."
,Recommended,287980,19916134,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pathfinder,An addicting game with simple gameplay mechanics and graphics. Very fun to play.5/7 would overcrowded the stations again.
,Recommended,287980,16094235,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dopu Mopu,"It's a great game that's relaxing but still keeps you interested. It has a great difficulty-curve, which means that it get's just the right amount harder for every minute you play. It's also extremely rewarding if you manage to play your cards right.It also plays flawlessly on both my rather new PC and my 6-year-old MacBook, it isn'ttooheavy on the graphics.The only thing i'm bothered about is the lack of cities to play through, but hey, it's still in early access and isalreadythis good!"
,Recommended,287980,17192074,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,72474929374720,"AWESOME GAME. VERY CHALLENGING BUT VERY VERY FUN. I rate 9/10. The graphics are absolutely gorgeous, the navigation smooth, and the simplicity inspiring. I highly recommend this game. Sure it may only be 30-ish MB, but it is one of those games that does more with less. Mini Metro is fantastic!"
,Recommended,287980,19941423,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Poobar,"Starts off very relaxing, lovely melodious sounds, easy drag and drop interface. Ends up very tense indeed as stations fill up and refactoring your network means you destroy your once-loved lines. Very easy to learn, I imagine there is quite a bit of strategic depth."
76561198028977063,Recommended,287980,27586321,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Easy Computer,Simple but intersting game.
,Recommended,287980,11690512,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,murderbits,"Clever little addictive strategy game that is deceptively simple and visually appealing. Using global metro/underground/railway maps as the motif, you'll try repeatedly to shuffle passengers around to their correct stops (based on shapes) as you juggle line layout, variety of shapes, and number of locomotive and engine cars to move them.At the moment, there is only one game mode, limited tutorial, and no sound, but if you like strategy games -- even fairly casual ones -- there is enough to keep you busy for quite awhile already at this Early Access state."
,Recommended,287980,11766095,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Shroud3d,"One of the coolest metro management games out there. Also, probably the only one."
,Recommended,287980,16483848,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,L_Bloodsong,This game is the most fun I've ever had with shapes and lines! It never fails to engagae me and is always my go to game to come down from an anxiety attack.
76561197976327138,Recommended,287980,20614014,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,becephalus,"Cute little game that could use some more options and controls over game modes.  The variety of maps is interesting, and the deisgn and uadio is pleasant.  Well worth the cost."
76561198119570257,Recommended,287980,33022062,Posted: 29 June,all,Stealth20112,"I picked this game up while it was on sale, though i must say, i would pay full price for this game.  Its fun, addicting, and can be played with a sense of fulfillment.  Highly recomended."
76561198124099076,Recommended,287980,32964564,Posted: 28 June,all,ben31259,Great Game.A simple but Very addicting game that is easy to learn.Relaxing while challenging.
,Recommended,287980,33056012,Posted: 30 June,all,He0204,"I loved it. While it can be a bit stressful with mapping the routes, overall I liked the concept of redesigning the rail systems of locations."
,Recommended,287980,32848183,Posted: 27 June,all,Ishvii,"A really charming little game about building a metro. I think you'd have to play a lot to get good at this - just jamming new lines in to fit the new demand doesn't work. As your city grows, you have to serve more people and stations with limited resources. Nice music, great flat style graphics. Probably best in small bursts."
,Recommended,287980,20487476,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,KungFuNugget,"Finding myself playing this at all times of day, just so well made and addictive. I just need to get better at it!"
,Recommended,287980,32945845,Posted: 28 June,all,Pelandes,"Minimetro is a small indie game about building and managing an oversimplified underground transport system. The idea itself is very simple, but it is executed masterfully.You get a map with stations (represented by geometrical shapes such as circles or triangles depending of their type) and a set of resources to conect them with underground trains and get the passangers wherever they want to go. Small shapes appear next to the stations representing people waiting for a train (a circle-shaped passanger means that they'll get off on a  circle-shaped station), once a locomotive stops at a station all compatible passangers get out automatically and available passangers fill in the blanks without needing player interaction. What the player has to do is draw lanes for the trains to get to every station and find the most efficient way to do so.Here's the catch, though: passangers will continue to spawn in stations even if they are already filled to the brim, and if more than six passangers are waiting at a non-upgraded station at the same time, then it's ""Overcrowded"" and a timer starts ticking down for you to clear up that mess or otherwise the system colapses and you get a Game Over. For every week that you manage to survive, a new locomotive is given to you to put into the system, and an upgrade of your choosing (extra carriages for train cappacity, extra lines, more tunnels to go under rivers, station upgrades...). As time goes on, the map get progressively and worringly bigger, stations keep popping up randomly and the system gets more and more complex for you to run, eventually breaking down as you fail to keep up. You never win, you just keep going until you just can't manage it anymore.The thing is, even though it sounds like a game that would get dull really fast, it really isn't, and I find miself coming back to it when I'm bored to plug in some music and find out how far I can go this time. Each game is randomly generated and different maps have special quirks for you to mess around with. And there are different game modes for those who want to take it easy or for those who want a real challange.+ The flow of the game is surprisingly well done. You are in control of a perfectly-oiled machine until suddenly you are not anymore and you find yourself struggling to keep four particularly nasty interchanges from overcrowding.+ Each game lasts 10-20 minutes. Perfect for a fun little time waster.+ The achievements themselves present extra challanges for those who have run out of things to do or who are tired of wandering aimlessly and want to be given an specific objective.+ I just can get over how such simple graphics work perfectly for this kind of game. Looks like you are constantly staring an actual Metro map from a real city.- Get the Night Mode going as soon as you can and LEAVE IT ON. Otherwise you'll burn your eyes from constantly looking at a bright pure white background.- You can't save a game on progress. Even if the games are pretty short, you can't leave mid-way through one and come back to it later, which can be very frustrating if you are very close to getting an achievement but you suddenly have to leave to do something else.- Kind of goes with everything I've said so far, but this is a game to play for 10-30 minutes and then leaving it for another day. Extended game sessions WILL get dull.This game gets a 7 out of 10. If you want to play the Alpha prototype, you can head to the developer's site here:https://dinopoloclub.com/minimetro/. Mind that the game has improved quite a bit since then."
,Recommended,287980,32927226,Posted: 28 June,all,Shifty,Really nothing to say here. Enough content for the price and alot of fun once tyou get going. I defintley recommend buying this game.
,Recommended,287980,33039018,Posted: 30 June,all,Ash,"Mini Metro is the perfect game to play to pass the time, or when you don't have much time at all.Although it can be frustrating to watch a station slowly but surely overcrowd, it's all fun and each play won't take you long.You'll start off great, then multiple stations of the same shape will keep spawning, it goes from casual ""connect the dots"" to ""strategic resource management"", all without feeling too high pressure, and maintaining a calm, laid back atmosphere.As someone who loves simulation games, this is quite a stripped down, more puzzle-like approach to a ""metro manager"" style game, and I adore it. It's simple, it looks neat, sounds great and I can't stop going back to it when I need to kill a few minutes.Overall this game is a great way to improve your resource management skills, or just kill some time."
,Recommended,287980,33028171,Posted: 30 June,all,duncanidaho42,"Mini MetroDigital train setGameplayThis game is all about management of time, resources and being a little bit cheeky with reality.VisualsVisually it is very satisfying, aping the design and palette of some of the worlds most famous subway and transport maps. Whodoesn'tlove a subway map?SoundThe music is generated by events on screen, but even at high speed on bigger maps it doesn't feel cluttered and tuneless like a lot of generated music can. It is another fine work from Disasterpeace (Fez, Runner 2, Shoot Many Robots).OverallI love the fact that the milestone achievements are the name of tickets in the local language, it adds a nice touch, particularly for those of us for whom the subway is an attraction when planning a trip to a city, I'm looking at you London, Osaka and Montreal!Love, love, love this game.  I've only had it two days and already it's one of my favorite titles onanyplatform. So much so, I bought the Android version as well.9/10- would choo-choo-choose this again."
,Recommended,287980,22556100,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,FlamingYeti,"I have played very little of this game (to date), but it has been sat on my Wishlist for 2 years, and I have known about it since just after the idea for Mini Metro was conceived.First of all, go buy this game.It is incredibly cheap for infinite amount of fun. It's like the PC equivalent of a good mobile game. No wait-timers. No microtransactions. Nothing fiddly. Just a simple concept, that is executed to perfection.I would however, recommend having something else to do whilst you play. Maybe watch Netflix. Maybe have Sky Go on in the background. Maybe listen to a podcast. Maybe watch some YouTube! Maybe buy all your friends copies of this fantastic little game.The reason I say it's fantastic and that everyone should buy it, is because I believe everyone could get something out of this. Whether it be a way to relax, a fun puzzle game, an intense management game, or a way to kill time, I think anyone and everyone can, and should, get some enjoyment from this wonderful little ball of trains."
,Recommended,287980,27349534,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TILR,Want a game you just want to sit down and play. Here you go!
,Recommended,287980,20958577,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Drewper,"Simple and relaxing (then stressful) game. It's essentially a strategy/puzzle game where you draw lines between two points. Each game lasts probably around 15 minutes, and you get to feel like a genius city planner. The aethetics are great, but the music kinda feels underwhelming. Worth getting on sale."
,Recommended,287980,11715291,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Me,All the bases of a great little strategy-sim.Simple and addictive.Sure it's missing stuff right now but even with that it's playable and great fun.
,Recommended,287980,18981747,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,-ooo-(0¿0)-ooo-,"This game made me need counseling. Anger counseling.10/10, I regret nothing"
,Recommended,287980,23922275,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nik,"Nice ambient puzzle-ish game with an innovative concept. I just wish there were more cities! Please add Stockholm (Sweden), I've been dying to prove that the metro system can be made more efficient than the current one."
,Recommended,287980,23907137,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GruwelijkSnel,"TL;DR 10/10 addictive and very challengingThis game is absolutely amazing. At first it looked like a very easy game with extremely easy control, but soon it turns into some extreme mind-boggling puzzle requiring real time strategy.- GameplayAs time goes on, new stops are built and you need to connect them in such a way that passengers can move conveniently without overcrowding on the stops. Per week you get new resources, such as the ability to construct a new line, getting additional locomotives or wagons, tunnels, bridges etc., being a finite resource. The only infinit thing is the way and length of the tracks. The amount of passengers increases and stops keep appearing at random locations and you need to find the most efficient way to get them from A to B. The passengers and stops are somewhat marked to where they desire to go and what the stops look like, but it's very abstract and it's there to give you just a basic idea.- The game itselfThe game is designed according to a very abstract concept. It looks as clean as it could be and is really all you need. The sounds are also somewhat pleasing, you can turn it off if you wish though.- ConclusionIt's a fun and challenging game to play after a hard day of work and what seems like a relaxing game, turns into a very complex puzzle and requires you to pay attention all the time and sometimes even to pauze and fundamentally redesign your network. Yet, it stays fun and you are free to do what you want."
,Recommended,287980,23929323,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Skypo,Decent game. Especially if you're really bored. I guess its still best on a smartphone or tablet.
76561198093985063,Recommended,287980,23920274,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,planeswalkerdragon,"Simple, yet amazingly addictive. A great game for just killing some time and to cool down."
,Recommended,287980,23913732,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,massyneil,"Hi, I really like this game but it would be nice to customize our own map and metro station... It could be nice for people who want to be creative or challenge their friends or themselves. 4 out of 5. Good job."
76561197980930415,Recommended,287980,23899033,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mudguts,Wish it was on google play.
76561197985159020,Recommended,287980,18964975,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Wraspir,"Highly addictive, strangely entertaining."
,Recommended,287980,20175584,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,bartmoss,"Fun little game. It's really a puzzle, not a simulation game."
76561197991075484,Recommended,287980,11924965,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,DazTaylor,"Such a simple idea, yet so much fun.  I thoroughly enjoy this title and heartedly recommend it.  At just £4.99, it is a must buy."
76561198008109819,Recommended,287980,25908949,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,OzoneGrif,"A little game, with simple graphics, simple gameplay, but with a very interesting hidden strategical aspect. It takes a few minutes to understand, but hours to master.The interface is pure genius, very simple and ergonomical.And the AI (for the trains) is quite smart: you never feel like they do something stupid."
,Recommended,287980,33459918,Posted: 11 July,all,COOL DUDE!,I still like trains.
,Recommended,287980,20017978,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TheSheila,Easy pick up and play game.
76561198022667736,Recommended,287980,34280819,Posted: 16 August,all,PontusEdberg,"i like its, its small and simple relaxing game, just casual playing this is fine,nothing really negative about it, if you enjoy making small train lines and hooking em up give this game a try."
,Recommended,287980,16533790,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dawn,"The game is very simple but that's it's charm. But I think there are descriptions missing to explain what which ""item"" does. Also a little notice that the time can be altered. This option saved my metro a lot of times and it's very helpful if you want to reconstruct your metro. Unfortunately, I only figured that out by accident.Nevertheless, Mini Metro is very addicting. It's  a game you can play for a few hours every now and then and it makes fun because at some points it is quite challenging even though it's not too hard either. Besides, stopping the time makes everything much easyier during critical times. ;)"
,Recommended,287980,34425201,Posted: 22 August,all,TechnoLad,"Connect the circle to the square, then to the triangle. A rectange train now follows your line. Smaller shapes appear, demanding they go to the same shape as they are. Another shape appears, could be another existing shape or a completely new one. Deciding wheither to extend or make a new line. New trains, carriages, tunnels and station upgrades are offered, chosing between two. And more and more stations appear until, boom. It's all over. Your metro is forcibly closed, it cannot take anymore.I never truely knew how playing with the map of the London Underground can be so stressful. Until I played Mini Metro.On a serious note, this is a wonderful, calming puzzle game. The rules are straight forward and the music adapts to your style of play. Mini Metro is a game I can recommend."
76561198142409946,Recommended,287980,11755732,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Gustavohbraga,"It is excellent, catchy and makes you get addicted. I have more desire to play this game because it holds you. Despite being a simple game, it is great to pass the time.My score is 10 and recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,287980,29419433,Posted: 22 January,all,BlackEagles234,"Little game, very cool with a zen interface. It changes of other game and we can relax.I recommend this game."
,Recommended,287980,11855212,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,marcus,Mini Metro is an Amazing game. It is deffinatley worth the $6.99.it is about creating an efficient subway network for a rapidly growing city.It's sort of like simcity. Building is in a topdown simplized view.
,Recommended,287980,11734860,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,OrangeNinja,"Mini Metro is a very fun relaxing game to play in your down time. While missing some important features like a soundtrack(which they say will be coming), the game makes up for it with its addictive and fun gameplay. Keep in mind it is early access, and that means bugs and all the stuff that comes with being a beta. I highly recommend this game to somebody looking for a fun game to play when nothing else is going on."
76561198033571649,Recommended,287980,31478953,Posted: 30 April,all,PanicBoy,"This is one of those rare games that looks simple on the surface, but you'll quickly realize the depth and complexity the farther you get into your very first game.You will hate it and love it at the same time. Fifteen minutes in to New York you'll want to throw your mouse across the room and ask yourself why you keep playing this stupid game, but you'll be back playing it again and again.There's a version for the phones too, but I havent played it."
76561197972249070,Recommended,287980,15257416,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,BorisNotRussian,Fun little game to pass time or more. Random stations will spawn which you will need to include in your metro-routes. To help with immersion i suggest to take a look at thishttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=413507663stations make much more sense if one pretends this key is true.
,Recommended,287980,16421688,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,BenCollins469,derp
,Recommended,287980,12365913,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,[CHEG]DaddyDonald,Exellent game. really fun and relaxing to play. Very satisfying.
76561198072096201,Recommended,287980,12361555,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,bluearches,"This game is a very good early access game, and that is what it is ""early access"". As I said it is good, but if you don't like repative gameplay this is not for you as it literaly is what it is."
76561197965141629,Recommended,287980,34617758,Posted: 30 August,all,Domino,"Simple and awesome. The mechanics are so intuitive that it doesn't even need a tutorial. It's easy to get started and have fun but very challenging to master. The key thing to remember (in normal mode) is that you can pause at any time and completely rebuild your map as the environment changes. That's essential to getting high scores and unlocking some harder achievements. The daily challenges are also a neat feature. The only thing it's missing is some sort of player summary so you can see all of your stats at once. It does have leader boards which is nice, but I'd like to be able to see all of my high scores and achievements in one view so I know what areas to focus on. Even without that though, it's a brilliant little game and well worth the money. Definitely recommended."
76561198281846341,Recommended,287980,30100064,Posted: 22 February,all,_SpUkkri6,Wow... This game is amasing! I like that you cant keep on building stuff till the next week. One like for you!
76561198054159503,Recommended,287980,34278432,Posted: 16 August,all,ST Roland,Ever wondered what it's like to work as a public transport planning company? Me neither...This game is not awful.
,Recommended,287980,17879712,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Ogg,"As of today, sept. 4th, 2015, Mini Metro is still in development. But it's already a fully playable (and enjoyable) game.Mini Metro is a minimalist game, in the sense that:- the goal is simple (keep your metro network working as fluidly as possible)- the gameplay elements are simple (as time goes on, you gain more lines, train, tunnel...)- the ergonomics are simple (draw a line between two stations and you've built a new metro line ; click and drop a train on a line and it'll immediately work on its own schedule)- the look is simple (as you can see, the visuals are inspired by subway maps you can find all around the world)But a minimalist game isn't a simple game. Each station has a specific shape. Imagine that a circle represents a residential district and that a triangle represents a business area. Passengers will then tend to go from a circle to triangle. And back. But as time goes, new shapes appear. And it really feels like if a city was blooming before your eyes. Again, imagine that a square is a commercial district, a star is a tourist area,  a diamond is an airport... Some of the shapes will appear in large numbers and close together. Others will be scarce but will be a favorite destination from all around the map. Again, just like in a real blooming city.Add to that the fact that a dozen of real life cites are present in the game, each with a different feel, different tools, different obstacles.To put it simply, the game is already perfect as it is. But it's still quite hard to explain and you really have to experience how it works, for it's both a very stressing and demanding gameanda most contemplative and artistic pice of work."
,Recommended,287980,12467008,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Pur3Bolt,"A brilliant minimalistic game. Good replay value, although at this time I really miss sounds in the gameStill, I give it a 7/10 for the current state"
76561198043460300,Recommended,287980,34976311,Posted: 15 September,all,Hunters_Creed,"great puzzle game, with a fantastic style"
,Recommended,287980,35015868,Posted: 16 September,all,slevelneves,Fun little puzzle game. Replayability is outstanding. Forces you to think well in advance to make the best solutions. 8/10
,Recommended,287980,34962147,Posted: 14 September,all,Fu,"I like this, nice relaxing game."
,Recommended,287980,11700105,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Yerlix,Really good and fun game. It is pretty hard to get a good flow through the stations.It get's frustrating to see that a station is overcrowding but without any resources to do anything about it.Then you start over with your newly gained knowledge and try to make it better this time.Very fun game to play!!Hope there will be a soundtrack and other game modes soon!
,Recommended,287980,12623055,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Bænlynn,"If you like the bold lines and abstract shapes of the Harry Beck-style transit map, then this is your chance to dive into one up to your armpits. It is simple to get to grips with but incredibly complex to learn, because you're dealing with an NP complete problem that keeps evolving as you play. It's laid back and relaxed but frenetic at the same time, because who knows when you'll have to redraw your entire network all of a sudden and it will test you to the limit. This game is already one of my top five all-time favourites, because until I played it I had no idea just how long I'd been waiting for it.At it's core Mini Metro is a strategy game, but not in the sense of combat, but in one of motion, logistics. Balancing the economics of time, distance and people in simple lines and abstract geometric shapes. It's easy to get into but so difficult to master, combined with the random nature of the gameplay, that gives it an incredible amount of longevity.Buy it. Buy it for a friend. Buy it for a family member. Buy it for a co-worker. Play it. Enjoy it. Love it. It's well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,287980,35312747,Posted: 29 September,all,MRMOSHMOSH,"I like this game, but I wish there was more content."
76561198152499166,Recommended,287980,35378775,Posted: 1 October,all,gingerboyz4,oh look a circleand another circlesuch beautycircles everywheretheyre watching mei know they arei know they want to kill me and rip my soul out and flush it down the toilet then blow the planet upbut i havea triangle nowbut the triangle is outnumberedit has no hope of victorybut then comes reinforcementsa wild square appearsa wild square uses take passengersthe wilds square attack missescircle uses overcrowdcritical hit!a wild square and triangle faintedtrain manager defeated!you have earned confusion and delay!basically its circle simulator
76561198157577593,Recommended,287980,35371353,Posted: 1 October,all,12ax7,"Very addicting gameplay,  Highly recommended.   Runs great on Surface 3."
,Recommended,287980,35351784,Posted: 30 September,all,Nixinova,Extremely fun little train simulation game.
76561197972395609,Recommended,287980,12241059,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,munniec,"I just picked it up today, and I must say it's an amazing game. Easy to pick up, but a ton of fun and with nice simplistic visuals.10/10"
76561198052073807,Recommended,287980,20115926,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[tim],Really quite thereputic!
,Recommended,287980,19937405,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,CU | dober,♥♥♥♥ing fantastic strategy game. Worth $10 easily.
,Recommended,287980,12136372,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,regi.,"I didn't think it was possible to hate a shape...Until I played this game, and met the circles.10/10 would die to overcrowding again."
76561198256849562,Recommended,287980,23536930,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,xEgZo,Nice strategy game for people who like trains
76561198108019829,Recommended,287980,20220213,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,annexes,Better than yoga.
,Recommended,287980,12802543,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Otis,"Only in early access, this simple yet delightful puzzler is sure to kill some serious time. At first glance, mini-metro seems extremely simple and relatively easy, however dig a little deeper and this game will bend you over the proverbial table. The minimalist design is refreshing and suits the game perfectly. I thoroughly recommend this game."
,Recommended,287980,12839020,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Pulsar0,"The simplicity of the design is fantastic.  The visuals perfectly match those seen on metro maps around the globe.  The gameplay is clear to the player from the outset: help passengers get from get where they are to where they want to go - and do it in a way that scales.  It gracefully strips away the unneeded bits of land use you see in Sim City and presents a city as stations, minimalist topography, and people classified according to their intended type of destination.I cannot wait to see the finished product with audio to match.  This team is doing an awesome job."
,Recommended,287980,12470456,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,bumba1717,"Whilst I've tried plenty of similar games, what makes this awesome is the controls - basic but responsive. Does what you want, when you want, leaving you to enjoy the horribly addictive gameplay."
,Recommended,287980,12918705,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,GretSeat,"INCREDIBLY ADDICTIVEThis game is completely RNG (random number generator) so sometimes your ""Plans"" won't fall into action as well as you had hoped, but damn this game constantly has me coming back for more, I can't get enough for it.It's also in Early Release so naturally I'm eager to see where it will go from here!"
76561198067330795,Recommended,287980,12925764,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,24,"Really simple game but that doesn't mean it's no fun. It's far from being boring.In the game you only have to bring passengers from one sybmol (Station) to another. For delivering them you get points... That's all. Well that's why you get hooked on Mini Metro 'cause you want to beat ""the""/your highstocre.When one station is overfloated by passengers you will loose. The result then looks like a real metro plan.Also  it's pretty unseful that you can decide if you want to play in day or night mode. This feature changes the color of the game from bright to dark. So your monitor won't dazzle you at night ;D ...I hope the audio comes soon and will be as great as the rest of the game.Like it or not, but this game is awsome!"
76561197995129935,Recommended,287980,21356503,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Malachi [NGC|ST],Nice little well-paced puzzle game has just the right amount of tactics.Recommended.
76561198023501298,Recommended,287980,28821094,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ghoool,"Short, but extremely addictive.  Well worth the single-digit price tag."
,Recommended,287980,19578356,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ZealotOnPC,The best game about different coloured lines.
76561198043206903,Recommended,287980,13187483,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,---Leech---,"Simple game with lot of fun. At some point of time you will always loose. The challenge is about transport more passengers then ever and survive as long as you can. You can already play, but as you can see by my list of (-) there is still a lot to add and do before it is a complete game.+ easy to understand+ no harm, just clever game for all ages (family)+ as the city grows, it gets complex and challenging+ simple interface- sometimes it feels like the trains (or passengers) do silly things which gets one in trouble- when re-arranging tracks and or re-arranging is done, trains just wait for some time (and looks like calculating) instead of moving on- re-arranging tracks is hard, sometimes you need to remove the whole track and re-do it from scratch- max 4 trains for one road (why to limit?)- re-arranging a railroad from a currently visited to make it unvisited by drag and drop to nowhere not possible- no long trains possible (just too little bonus of passenger train)- no big/huge railroad system possible yet- at some point it just spawns circles to end the game instead of growing balanced- no options to set up rules for own map- no sound yet"
,Recommended,287980,17427827,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,spiller1985,"A fun game, has a bit of difficulty but makes you want to try harder! Can see myself getting lost in this on days off."
76561198030981742,Recommended,287980,29767725,Posted: 7 February,all,Phill1991rx,"Quite ok but not perfect.A small strategy game, starting with a blank map, where different kinds of upcoming stations (that produce waiting passengers) must be connected via lines. Trains added to lines have to transport the passengers before the waiting time gets too high. Unfortunately passengers do act less logically sometimes. When a train enters a station that connects the current station to one the passengers want to go to, they still do not enter, if in the other direction the same kind of station does exist more closely as well. In reality this would make perfect sense, in Mini Metro however not really, for the passengers just should want to find any way to such a station. In my case this meant game over just before finishing the city's goal because noone entered the train. A Pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for sure. Another thing is that in San Fran from one second to another the numbers of passengers in all stations really explode so that the game is lost currently. Some updates are yet to be made to fix such issues.For some entertainment meantimes and 10€ it's a quite and nice idea however and kind of fun."
,Recommended,287980,24041588,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cyclops,I don't write alot of reviews so when i do it's either really good or really bad. In this case: REALLY GOOD! It's really simple to learn with unlimited replayability. For around £5 thats a great deal. Buy it. Why are you still reading? You should be on the payment screen by now. This is all time you could spend playing the game. Here's some instruction: 1. add to card 2. by for myself 3. confirm payment 4. install 5. PLAY THE GAME!
76561198064895481,Recommended,287980,30943447,Posted: 4 April,all,nanc.hormann,"Mini MetroFirst of all I have to admit that I think this game is presented in a very appealing style. As an architect it is my day to day job to think about graphical appearances of drawings and diagrams so I see myself capable to state that the art and graphic style of the game is phenomenal. The greatness of the presenation starts with the use of pictogram's and symbols, includes great color management and concludes in a nearly flawless minimal design game.The game is a great ""time killer"" for optimizing fanatics because fully understanding the game takes quiet a while in my opinion as it is not a as straight forward game as it looks like in the beginning. Its not mastered by thinking ""I am going to connect these stations and lets see what happens!"". A situation which shows that there is more effort put into the design of the game than in a strait forward browser games. The game also has great balancing as each factor is important but no game factor has a ridiculous overwhelmingly impact. For example the drawing style of each player is different and the game sometimes draws the metro lines so that he trains actually lose some time on each station. If the player redraws and tries to put the lines in the right angel he achieves a optimization of some milli second. A factor that helps the player to make a better score but it is also possible to make good scores by concentrating on other ""small factors"" like the one just explained.Finally I have to also state that the game has an factor of addiction as the player always things ""one more time, this time I'm going to make a score over 2.000"". A situation (which again) shows very good inventing, designing and balancing potential by the developers of the game. So putting all together this game is totally worth its money as the player will play for a throughout great design and thought through little puzzle game.http://architectonreview.blogspot.com.tr/"
,Recommended,287980,34247977,Posted: 14 August,all,Afrodynamics™,"If you're looking for an easy-to-learn but hard-to-master train traffic simulator, you've found the right game. The difficulty pacing in this game is excellent, and I love the minimalist aesthetic. I played this game in early access and thought it was brilliant then and it's only gotten more refined since. 100% recommend."
76561198224714088,Recommended,287980,15497168,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,kenny the autistic tiger,"amazing game. fun, addictive, simple. the only thing i dont like is that once you complete a map once, you cannot go again to get a high score or one that shows the number of passengers. also, if you exit the game, your current game your playing resets. other than that, this game is great and fun to play definitly worth buying"
76561197970339445,Not Recommended,287980,34363373,Posted: 19 August,all,++,"This is a very nice minimalistic game and I especially like how music/sound are created live, but the game mechanics are interesting for less than an hour before it gets repetitive and considering $10 this is not really worth it."
76561198213367148,Recommended,287980,19024187,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Death-First Search,"It's amazing.  Get it.  Just get it.To the devs:Make more.San Francisco(card is Clipper. interesting twists - peninsula, two systems(BaRT and MUNI))Boston(card is Charlie Card)"
,Recommended,287980,15494823,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,wildpizzachu,Fun and relaxing puzzle. Worth the $5
,Recommended,287980,12374211,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Damocles,Very addictive.
,Recommended,287980,28577095,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,jonymanolo,"Simple but perfect.A great way to kill some time, relax and enjoy!Recommended for everybody 10/10"
,Recommended,287980,19308258,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ruski,Its a great game that you can complete in under 10 hours and it can be slow and fast. I hope more levels come out!
,Recommended,287980,19033638,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,jammin411,This game is amazing.  So simple to play but complex to master!  WARNING:  If you start playing this game you may never see the light of day or your family ever again!  I did a full review of this game on my channel.  Stop by and see what I mean!Gameplay and Review
,Recommended,287980,12358609,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ExiliumA.,"Fun, not very complay game to play if you just want to relax, but when it gets later also very challenging. However, i hope music will be implemented very soon."
,Not Recommended,287980,34523308,Posted: 27 August,all,Zappatta,Great idea. Visually attractive. But gameplay gets boring real fast.
,Recommended,287980,12783113,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,fraac,"Really nice game for anyone into graph theory or underground networks. Lovely design and very addictive. No sound yet, and you can cheat by pausing the game and optimising your network. Top recommendy."
,Recommended,287980,33869628,Posted: 28 July,all,9 yr old lookin for dick,very fun and relaxing game. Wish it was on ios or android.
,Recommended,287980,12655258,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Toast,"Simple, fun, highly addictive.I wholly reccomend it to everybody."
,Recommended,287980,11759896,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,TurtleCat Reviews,Check out an in depth overview herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phyEf4PThO0
,Recommended,287980,15973710,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Krec!K,"Addictive game. SImple, clean, fast."
,Recommended,287980,14005203,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Full metall gook,"Good game about subway line builder, minimalism style."
76561198028416889,Not Recommended,287980,28646264,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Xaiah,"I would recommend the game only with strong reservations. It isn't really as much a game of skill as I hoped after trying it the first time. After playing somewhat longer, it proves that the way the game progresses, it is practically impossible to really as much solve a routing problem than hope to get lucky with how the different stations appear. Design- and looks-wise, the minimalism and Tube-map style of the graphics is appealing, but unfortunately the game depends on other factors than player skill after a certain point in the normal mode."
76561198156383016,Recommended,287980,15694797,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ater,"Amazing concept and the developers exectuted it very well, I can't wait for future updates. Although a soundtrack would instantly make the game better, its still great and a fun way to waste time."
76561198153541158,Recommended,287980,13053559,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,gabbagabbahey,Simple concept but very engaging!
,Recommended,287980,21261934,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ownage,Great game for people with interest in controlling a system
,Recommended,287980,17814632,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Cesar The Salad,"This is simply the most fun and simple puzzle game I've played in Steam.It has a great minimalist design, and starts off as simple as can be: connect stations, add trains, make new lines. Soon enough you'll find yourself managing an entire network of trains and enjoying every second of it. Now that they've added audio (and it sounds amazing), I can fully recommend it.It'll soon increase in price as it gets ready to exit early access, so I suggest you get it NAO, worth every penny either way."
,Recommended,287980,28585960,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,four hundred and forty-four,Quite possible the most beautiful game I've played.10 overcrowded stations out of 10
,Recommended,287980,12152728,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,๊ |..|,It is very fun and addictive. It keeps you busy for hours trying to figure out the best path.
,Recommended,287980,20127031,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Zangston,"A puzzle game so calming,has never beenso intense."
,Recommended,287980,12891606,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,lehnerwak,"Well, it's not a real transportation task.  Passengers indiscriminate the destination station as long as it matches their shape.  Usually most stations are circle shaped, triangle and square stations are less and then there are these 3 or 4 uniquely-shaped (cross, pentagon etc.) stations that force you to interconnect all lines.Also it's not a metro building game.  Underground tunnels with railways can be created instantly out of thin air and as easily removed should the need arise.  With time progress the stations appear randomly on the city map and this sometimes requires total rearrangement of the graphs.It's an intriguing puzzle game that can be played for short durations.  Instant satisfaction, high replayability, nice colour palette, very smooth feeling from the animations.  IMHO it's worth around five bucks."
76561197995862526,Recommended,287980,23997216,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bag of Snakes,Simple yet surprisingly challenging. Minimalist but beautiful. This game will hook you quickly
76561198066144545,Recommended,287980,31718433,Posted: 13 May,all,Sethroph,"Worth the money, beautifully built."
76561197998891378,Recommended,287980,12692684,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Cheshire,"Mini Metro looks like subway schema that came to movement. Its catchy visual style attracts unreservedly and dedicated to people keen on minimalism and infographic style.Every day more and more people from different reigns need to get to different places. You as a head of new subway station will construct new ways to help them reach thies destinations. The quantity of peole in sybways is increasing, so you'll need to enlarge your web of tunnels. City department will help you with you task, and  on the beginning of new week you'll gain a bonus. It could be an additional vagon to existing train. Or you can purchase extra tunnels for establish underwater ways. Maybe, you'll need a new line for decrease an overload on existing branches.So far, only ""survive"" mode is available for now. How long will you support and reorganise your subway line before inevitable owerload (that leads to closure of all train branches) of human flow? I hope authors will make some new modes with obvious golas later.Still, Mini Metro is a simple (but not easy) and neat puzzle logic game with pleasant appearance that gives enjoyable pastime"
,Recommended,287980,14666988,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Kodak White™,Please Mind The Gap.
76561197965872658,Recommended,287980,19281975,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Nitro[rAfA],"Ever wondered in your ""efficient algorithms"" class why you need min-cut, max-flow, shortest path etc?Mini-Metro has and is the answer!Highly addictive!"
,Recommended,287980,19321447,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,burdobear,"It's one of those games that you bypass because it looks too simple (or boring), but you should still try it. You will like it (hopefully)."
76561198006061938,Recommended,287980,19343750,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,bubbleboys,"One of the most beautifully simple to play, difficult to master game.Recommend at ANY price"
76561197969939844,Recommended,287980,21372044,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Matrix,"Great game, not a actual subway simulator though."
76561198021757363,Recommended,287980,21829257,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,The Magic Bacon Fairy,"Do you want to develop a hatred for circles, or maybe triangles or the odd square?  If yes buy this game."
,Recommended,287980,32730074,Posted: 24 June,all,☁TTT☁ breadworth,"Well, the game is quite nifty. if you do have a couple of quid to spare on a game, i would highly reccomend this for pasting time"
,Recommended,287980,32670156,Posted: 23 June,all,Jaihyun,"It's not expensive, light, and fun.The subject of the game is fresh."
,Recommended,287980,16466894,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,HYK,This game is simple but fun.I suggest this game for the guys that like train or minigames :)
,Recommended,287980,33103057,Posted: 1 July,all,Colin102004,"Company 1: ""I'm going to make a Minecraft clone!""Company 2: ""Hey guys! Lets make a knockoff of Call of Duty!""Dinosaur Polo Club: ""I got this nice, original idea. Let's mae it a video game!"""
,Recommended,287980,27798115,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Askulap,METRO METRO METRO MOOORE METROWHY needs METROTAKE METROMETRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO METRO
,Recommended,287980,17214605,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,TehShrike,This game is crack for my brain.  A perfect podcast-listening game.
,Recommended,287980,12634297,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Eliyahu haNavi,"I could go to the movies for $10 for a few hours of fun, or spend $6.99 on this game for even more hours of fun that hasn't stopped yet. This game has great gameplay and a joy to play. Wonderfully designed and implemented."
,Recommended,287980,31426361,Posted: 28 April,all,ChrisBalderst0n,Tight.
,Recommended,287980,28740529,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,gigasandmetrostudiopolis zone,"Absolutely great puzzle game, involving trying to keep a metro up and alive. It has many scenarios, and is simplistic in both art-style and gameplay. I always keep coming back for more of this game every now and then.If you like management type of games, you'll love this. And even if you're not good with management games, this game will still be loads of fun!"
,Recommended,287980,20159468,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kozmiic,its ok
,Recommended,287980,32095734,Posted: 31 May,all,Pizzared34,Mini Metro is the best game to play when you want to space out.
,Recommended,287980,19310442,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,madk3p,"This is a really, really fun game. It's super minimalistic yet can get really hard. Definitely recommend this."
76561198374286096,Recommended,287980,33308926,Posted: 6 July,all,112th mushroom,"Mini Metro is a good game, and it's quite calming until one of the stations gets more than six shapes on it, then it's intensive. I even have a small tip for you guys: when an unusally shaped station (a station that's not a circle, square or triangle) appears then you must get every train line you've got on the map go through it, therefore these stations (which are a one of a kind shape and only appear once) can be accessed from anywhere! Mini Metro is very good and i would recommend it to everyone on planet Earth."
,Recommended,287980,33169544,Posted: 2 July,all,milos,"Tako jednostavna igra,a tako komplikovana."
76561198083746631,Recommended,287980,19562087,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Asalieri,"This is a truly unique game that should be in every puzzle lover's collection.It seems simple enough, make sure your passengers get to the stations they want to get to (your passengers being a wide array of shapes, denoting which station they want to travel to) and keep your subway system running as smoothly as possible until too many passengers overcrowd one station.It's the next Tetris. A deceptively simple brain teaser that progressively gets tougher and more unwieldy. I friggin LOVE it!You can spend hours just veging to this, and the sounds and music are relaxing and go very nicely with the game, it's an experience you should treat yourself to."
,Recommended,287980,18939502,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,[MoeGamer.net] Pete,"This is a wonderful, relaxing little puzzle game with an attractive, minimalist style to both its audio and visuals, and mechanics straightforward enough that the game never needs to explicitly spell them out for you. Despite the simplicity of the mechanics, though, this is a brainbender extraordinaire; those of you who enjoy setting up systems to work in the most efficient manner possible will have an absolute blast here.The concept is simple: you're in control of the subway system. Stations open across the map gradually, and you need to connect them with different coloured lines. Stations have different shapes, and the shapes of the ""commuters"" that appear at each station represent where they want to go. You will, then, need to plan out your routes so that there's minimal inefficiency; ""circle"" commuters will only ever want to go to ""square"" or ""triangle"" initially, for example, so there's little sense in making a line entirely out of circle stations.As the game progresses, the map expands and the number of possible shapes for the stations increases, too, until eventually you're having to consider things like interchanges extremely carefully as well as just the routes for your lines, particularly if you're playing on the ""Extreme"" mode, where once you've laid a line down, you can't change it!This is a highly enjoyable, inventive puzzle game, then, and particularly recommended to those who want something a little ""gentler"" than the big-budget fare of today!"
,Recommended,287980,31211203,Posted: 17 April,all,Polygonine,"This is a game that is simply perfect. A realtime strategy where you construct metro lines for various cities, pass citizens to their destination, and make sure that your lines don't get blocked up.This is also a game that is so minimalistically awesome. It captures people's attention with its simple system and sounds. I would call this a zen puzzle game."
,Recommended,287980,12445575,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Akiba007,1 Word Only ... Superb !!!
,Recommended,287980,28354786,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,casd82,I like trains.
,Recommended,287980,25297387,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,deathnmind,"This game is seriously fun.Its my go to relax and watch tv game.Total strategy, total re-play over and over again."
,Recommended,287980,18282430,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,iznotacat,"kindergarten lied to me, squares, triangles and circles aren't easy!"
,Recommended,287980,13255549,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Trent,"Mini Metro: A great game. If you are a strategic person, this is a good game for you... It is still in testing so I cannot wait for the actual final product. For £5, this is money well spent."
,Not Recommended,287980,27891474,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sticks,"I bought this game because I like puzzle games and I saw the good reviews. I would classify myself as pretty good with puzzle games and pretty persistent, but this game is very frustrating to me because you can never create stability for more than a second. This games has a very neat concept, but it is not rewarding enough, partly because there is no end to a level.  This has left me unable to really get into the game and often closing it after playing it for just 10 minutes. To see proof that I'm not the only one just look at all of the recent reviews playtime, its rarely 2 hours!Tl;dr: I would not recommend this game because I am unable to unable to get into it, as seen through my measly play time of 1.4 hours"
76561198092034577,Not Recommended,287980,24794132,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,davidbecker,"This game takes what could have been a great idea, and it reduces it to an embarassing collection of mistakes.The largest gameplay problem is that you will repeatedly connect cities only to find that your new connection carries zero passengers. This doesn't happen all the time, but it happens at precisely the worst time. So, it's either bad coding, or something done deliberately, and I don't understand either. The game has been out of beta forever. Why is this still happening?Additionally, as you can find on threads here and there, you have people artificially pumping up their success using whatever cheat software they do. It's easy to establish that this is happening, easy to address...and crickets.Luckily, the game is cheap, so it's not a waste of time or money. It's just the attention to detail that is lacking."
,Recommended,287980,29744753,Posted: 6 February,all,Adam Todd is Adam Todd,Good game. A nice idea and well developed!
,Recommended,287980,23117767,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Leonardo Da Sidci,"Mini Metro is simple, clean and just works. It's a great game to spend hours in designing the most optimal city metro system or spend a quick 10 minutes to just complete a challenge. It's beautiful art-style, transistions and aesthetic are incredible, even more so when you realise that it brings the metro maps to life with every change you make.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,287980,23193178,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Banana Panda Yuu,"So relaxing to play, yet still challenging. The music, which builds as you do, is delightful. Graphics are beautifully minimal.I adore this game and couldn't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,287980,23061547,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,CreepPork_LV,Fabolous.
,Recommended,287980,34253622,Posted: 15 August,all,Squishy,The simplistic nature of this game is also what makes its charm.
76561198135062370,Recommended,287980,34403510,Posted: 21 August,all,niklasjpo,Mini Metro is Flawless.Buy it!
,Recommended,287980,12404477,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Dream Harvest,"Fantastic game, even at this early stage. Intuative interface and controls and addictive gameplay that has you coming back for one more game. Looking forward to the Music and Sound Design to get put in but already this is an incredibly polished product. Its a steal at it's current price as well. Can't wait for the mobile version, Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,287980,25596059,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,vmfstorm1,"-Dude have you ever played mini-metro?-Yeah man I've played it. Its ok.-Dude have you ever played mini-metro....on weeeeed?but seriously this is a great little time killing game, if you have 5 minutes and can pick this up on sale (even the full price of like 10 bucks isnt terrible) you will have time well spent.  the best part is that the music is all ambiently created based on trains moving different types of passengers getting picked up and them waiting.  its really just a fantastic experience and levels dont really take too long to complete (or fail)"
,Recommended,287980,27542913,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kitnitwit,AWESOME
76561198029072506,Recommended,287980,15488636,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,cmacinski,"I like it, but it goes too slow."
76561198029673707,Recommended,287980,15430310,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Sputnik IX,A great puzzle game to waste away hours to.
,Recommended,287980,12412048,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,IIAOPSW,"Mini-metro is simple, elegant, engaging fun. It takes the ""less is more"" principle and runs with it! I wish it was slightly more feature heavy (money, express trains, player created maps, etc) and a little more balanced (bloody circles). However even with these issues it is still endlessley engrosing. Besides, I really can't complain about an open access game.The price point is a bit steep. This game should cost no more than a subway fare. Maybe with maps as DLC."
,Recommended,287980,25111986,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Hallucinating Mushroom,"A simple minimalist simulation game that can be enjoyed no matter what your skill level is. Would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a casual strategy game to play, or even to someone who want's to go hardcore."
,Recommended,287980,15465298,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Chip Skylark,"This game is simple and plain, but that is a good thing. If you have a mobile device I would reccomend getting it for that but it works well either or. Great game!"
,Recommended,287980,13402264,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,av_dithering,"Great game to play, really looking forward to when the music is added"
76561198073303019,Recommended,287980,16215252,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,DerpingOnSunshine,"Amazing game despite the simplicity of it. I've wasted a lot of time playing this game, trying to figure out the perfect strategy."
,Recommended,287980,19462853,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,nintendude794,"Mini Metro's distinct levels--all inspired by real-world metro lines--definitely have deep nuances that affect your tactics for each and reward your experimentation and practice.It's a lot like Flight Control, except more complex.I love the meditative, minimalist aesthetic, especially with Night Mode enabled. FEZ composer Disasterpeace has crafted a lush, warm, subdued soundscape full of soft sines and small clocks that grows, shrinks, or shifts dynamically in response to your actions based on conditions in the game. Though even at full volume on my laptop, it wasn't loud enough for me.At their core, simulation and management games are about optimizing a particular workflow or mastering a certain system as best as you can. Mini Metro falls into that category, even loosely--just on a smaller, less permanent scale. I admit, a larger and lasting scale of some kind would be even more interesting here, but it shares these traits of ""starting all over"" with both score-chaser Arcade games and procedurally-generated Roguelike games.Yet even with all its depth and variations, the gameplay itself is eventually too simple to be this repetitive, and too repetitive to be this simple. I guess that makes it more suited to being used as a palette cleanser between games or between life, once you've played past using it as a game. Hence the inclusion of a Daily Challenge.Overall, there is far more praiseworthy about this game than not, and too few games accomplish similar concepts this beautifully. I hope to improve at it regularly and look forward to whatever features and content future patches will bring along!"
,Recommended,287980,19924385,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dreamshadow,"I'm a huge Transport Tycoon fan, and I love the asthetics of this game.  The music grated a bit after I played a couple of in game weeks on a map, but I can already tell I'm going to spend a lot of time with this one."
76561198082442465,Not Recommended,287980,18242507,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Chasezach12,"Mini Metro was fun at first, but after an hour it lost it's charm and became repetitve. If managing a train line is your kind of thing then go for it, but I just didn't get much enjoyment out of it."
76561198056424700,Not Recommended,287980,20613368,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,4ndr34,"Minimalism: It is a minimalist game, above all it is minimalist by design. You can readthis postby the developers of this game blog.The game is really, really minimalistic, do not misunderstand me, I like also minimalistic games, but the first Steam tag is ""Strategy"", then ""Simulation"" tag. Here you will find no strategy and no simulation, just minimalism.About the gameplay, you have very few things to control,stationspop out in the game randomly, and above all even if disconnected from trails thepeoplestart to wait and going upset if they are unable to reach their kind of destination. You have no money budget to spend in something you think you need when you need it, there is no construction costs, but instead, every week you could get a new train or a new trail or a new vagon or an interchange improvement for a station, or finally a new tunnel/bridge. Naturally you can only get your weekthingsbudget if and only if your week score is high enough...There is no construction or demolition time.Stationshave no range, just people that need to reach their kind of destination.If you change stations with nodes and people with weight you could play with a subset of the math graph theory...LOL...At the moment there is no editor.So, finally if and only if, you are looking for a really minimalistic game, you could be satisfied, apart the price that is not such a minimalistic price, maybe best to wait for sales, otherwise this game is really too much minimalistic...Sorry but, I have tonotsuggest this game to the public."
76561198027776872,Recommended,287980,13873041,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,HammaBro,Choo Choo ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198037006295,Not Recommended,287980,28589663,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Magnanimous,"This is the first game I've ever requested a refund for..It's not that it's a bad game, although I don't know how it has such good reviews...The amount of content (and quality) here is matched by most free smartphone apps..Long story short this game isn't worth $10. I caught it on sale for $5.99. I still feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,287980,29879872,Posted: 12 February,all,Canman,"The minimalist design is beautiful, and it's a pleasant casual game. I'm not recommending it because there's just not a whole lot to sink your teeth into strategy wise. Unlocking the maps was trivial with just my very basic, unchanging strategy - and trying to top my own high scores just wasn't enough to keep me hooked for long."
,Recommended,287980,14850069,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,MrJootta,"Simple, nice, fun, smart people only.This game is the tipical game, that smart people play, it's fun, and make us think before connect, study strategies, implement them, rethink, reimplement.Nice, graphics, simple,"
,Recommended,287980,12622733,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,FroddeB,"Day 1...I am really liking the game so far can't wait to see what will happen with my metro.Day 2...My neck kinda hurts an I am unable to stand up, though the game is still fun.Day 3...My eyes itch and I cannot move my feet, must not stop playing.Day 4...Please... Help... Cannot move my fingers or arms... Must... PlayDay 5......10/10 must buy!"
,Recommended,287980,12547950,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,radpanda.jpg,This game taught me that I would be a terrible Fascist. I give it a 5.2 / 6 Wow!
,Recommended,287980,17326980,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MyaSharona,Really fun and engaging. One of those games that steals your time without you noticing.
76561198025136069,Recommended,287980,19418639,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,WazzeZ,"If you love simulation game, you have to buy this one."
76561198086664190,Recommended,287980,24382103,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Stackhouse,Made a railroad system. Shapes rode my trains. Then too many triangles wanted to ride them. The triangles got salty and i lost. 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,287980,11665696,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,techandtrains101,Just wanted to say congrats on the steam release! If anyone's wondering its a solid but wonderfully simple game thats a nice break from the microtransaction full husks of games we see now like dungeon keeper mobile and candy crush.
76561198076150299,Recommended,287980,12644163,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Ard,Made a subway map which looked like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Not Recommended,287980,24943678,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,OverAster,"This game is not worth the money, its replay ability is zero, and on top of that the website that owns this game has a free version online."
,Recommended,287980,12321446,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,pengy,This is a good game.
,Recommended,287980,17823331,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,E-Tronic,It's completely so much fun!
,Recommended,287980,30152089,Posted: 24 February,all,DeepGhosts,"LMAO I had to pay for the game twice.Still a good game.Or maybe not...dude you pick,I'm just gonna go.Bye."
,Not Recommended,287980,24907807,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Raeker,"This game is good. Very good. But, in my opinion, not worth $10. If you're into this sort of thing, buy it and have a fun time. It's relaxing, fun, challenging. Just a little too expensive for my taste.I'll play this a little more and then refund it. Who knows, maybe I'll decide that it IS worth $10 after that"
76561198043962786,Recommended,287980,28418742,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,GoldenEgg,Dude I love this game so much!
,Recommended,287980,25045461,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[BENJI] Pazooni,Challenging yet engaging despite simple graphics.
,Recommended,287980,20799260,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,laurent,"So minimalist, so good. But interest fades after an hour"
,Recommended,287980,28077846,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Best_Majkel,"I really enjoy playing this game,If you like strategy games this is for you :)"
76561198066053531,Not Recommended,287980,34338409,Posted: 18 August,all,Twilla,"A bit dissappointed after reading all the positive reactions. I was probably expecting too much of it.Pro:-Looks nice-First 30 minutes are funCon:-Unlocking more maps doesn't give any satisfaction since the maps and choices are always the same.-Was hoping that "" a passenger "" appearing at a station would have a determined destination and not that you just have to get them to a matching shape-There is not enough variation of actions in this game..."
76561198125859737,Recommended,287980,34241937,Posted: 14 August,all,AmberMan,"It is a very interesting and fun game to play. Maybe 10 Euros is too heavy price for this, but everything else is amaaaazing. (Bought it on sale, 5 Euros is just fine)9/10"
,Recommended,287980,15390030,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Pat (ty cake),"This game, even if with no sounds, sucked me in to several hour-long stressful and intense sessions. You have to start planning from the beginning, because it's very difficult to change everything after you've gotten far. There's a huge sense of accomplishment when you reach the end (When you no longer get bonuses and extra resources)It's not a game I would necessarily play for hours on end, like many other games you need a little break between games."
,Recommended,287980,15448231,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Iresten,"Easy to learn, hard to master! Quite exactly what i'm looking for in this type of games. You will understand what to do, and how to do it, but will you do it the best and most efficient way? No heavy graphic, but sure heavy thinking! With officialrealse and perhaps more cities to build metro around it will be astonishing to play!"
76561198126647707,Recommended,287980,15432838,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,chazzers,Very good clean UI. It has got a very high potential and i think that many more features could be added e.g. a zoom in / out function and also a controls screen.
,Recommended,287980,14254725,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,BRIG Thompson [1BDE],Are you bored? Then Mini Metro is the game for you! This game is great for passing the time and is really simple. I recommend everyone should add this game to there collection.
,Recommended,287980,27349415,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Forger7,This game is really intuitive and really fun. Also available for your smartphone. It definitely deserves a grab.
76561198047772277,Recommended,287980,20032742,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Skyra,"A puzzle game about building a highly abstracted mass transit system - there is no “solution” to the puzzles, just the question of how long you can keep meeting an ever rising demand.I admire both the aesthetic and pacing of this game.The interface is beautifully minimal, both providing everything you need to understand and play the game while evoking the classic topological underground map.The pacing is well executed with periods of calm where you feel in control, followed by periods of frantic activity as new stations and special stations force rapid change across your network.So why haven’t I played it more?Access to the depth - I don’t think the game lacks meaningful choices; when I look at the scores people have achieved (more than doubling my best on my most played cities) there are clearly things I can do to improve.  However the game progression doesn’t challenge me to discover new strategies or provide the signposts to improvement in the same way that my favourite puzzle games do.Well worth a look but don't be too shocked if the initial rush expires after 8-10 hours"
,Recommended,287980,12189616,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,The_Notorious,I have only recently got this game it is FANTASTIC.This game is hard but really enjoyable to play.A bit light on game content but it is still in beta.You should GET THIS GAME it is really good value.
76561198332480930,Recommended,287980,25648871,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,fishboychen,很好玩，很不错的解谜游戏，还有点塔防的意思
,Recommended,287980,13910628,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Somebody909,"This game is very simple and yet very addictive and fun, you can play it for 10 minutes or a few hours and it will always be enjoyable.It is still in development but this can only get bettersogetthisgame!!!!"
,Recommended,287980,18982551,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Diggers1970,Really nice little strategy problem solver. As the level progresses it has enough to keep the frantic entertained and at lower levels is a fun little puzzler. The way the sound integrates with the game is beautful. The soundtrack is essentially composed from the activity on the network. Well worth the money.
76561198113302663,Recommended,287980,17904794,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,gay_rae,"Buy this. It's awesome. (btw, the 47 minutes doesn't include about three hours that I played back in Alpha)"
76561198089428482,Recommended,287980,18968212,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,FALL3N,"this game has too much fun to play. in this game, you can feel relax because the graphics is so clean, also you can feel presure because of the busy metro systerm. 10 dollars is not an expansive price to buy, compare to the fun the game brings to you, 10 dollars is worth to cost."
,Recommended,287980,14570248,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Joshy,"First off, this is a beautiful game! All it's missing is sound! I love management games and I love this one the most. I do have to say, I wish in commuter mode, the game would last longer. Eventually you reach a cap on the passengers per day.FYI: I HATE CIRCLES!"
76561198031205183,Recommended,287980,19549125,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,davidkane,"Fiendishly additive, but at this early stage ultimately unfulfilling. I find it just gets a little too difficult, a little too quickly. It's hard to get a feel for what's working and what is not. It's very interesting through, I think I just need a little more advice and information. For instance, what are the advantagtes and disadvatages of a circular line? How many people leave and visit each station? How about some interesting stats about the various metros around the world.All in all, I like the game a lot, hence why I just want a little more......."
,Recommended,287980,20077441,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DELTΔ HEΔVY,"Most epic game I've ever played. You wanna play more & more, beat yourself, improve.""Let me restart, I'll do it better."" You'll get it later ;-)"
,Recommended,287980,17773182,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,prfsir,10/10 would not ride my own subway ever
,Recommended,287980,18386166,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Cabskee,"A really fun game to pull out in downtime to play for a couple minutes.Pros:- Fun gameplay- Multiple modes- Pleasing graphics- Zones affect gameplay- Reaching milestones in-game have meaningCons:- No camera control (zoom out/pan)- Have to play Normal mode to unlock zonesOverall really fun game. I don't know if it's worth the full $10.99, I would've probably suggested something more alone the lines of $7.99, but fun nonetheless."
,Recommended,287980,19836158,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Clawhauser,"Pretty much a game for you to be playing while you wait for something else. But still, its like for making time pass.10/10 -IGN ""Would recreate tunnels again"""
76561198093693835,Not Recommended,287980,21251012,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,AuoroP,Overpriced for the GameJam feeling: you cannot win maps and you unlock nothing to change gameplay.
,Recommended,287980,15138612,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Gangsta lord,Mini Metro is a fun game to spend your extra time. It is amazing how simple the game is but how much more fun it is.I would recomend this to anyone from train addicts to full time gamers.
,Recommended,287980,20720496,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Euruzilys,"Mini Metro is a simple, minimalistic, but fun puzzle game. The goal is to move people, those shapes, to the matching station through your carfully (or not) planned metro lines."
76561198065748423,Recommended,287980,20549125,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Dominos Pizza,What can I say about Mini Metro?Pros:- Colour- Shapes- Runs over 30fps on my 980 build- There are moving trainsCons:- Too many circles.11/10 would get mad at circles again.
76561198032154512,Recommended,287980,25506929,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,datristan,Simple yet effective play; hard to master! Addictive too.
,Recommended,287980,28082702,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pelleplutt,"A minute to learn, a minute to get hooked. Learned quickly how to dispise trains. 10/10."
,Recommended,287980,17146787,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Spahtazben,TRAAAIIINNNS TRAAAAINNNS!!! I like trains! :D
,Recommended,287980,32938841,Posted: 28 June,all,TheHoBBle,This game stiumlates my autisim.
,Recommended,287980,14377351,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Bush Did 7/11,Made train tracks for different shapes. Gets better while listening to Crazy Train. 10/10
,Recommended,287980,12751913,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Naxane,a very well thought out game with very easy to use mechanicswith a plain game design and nice score system---------------------------this is a 7/10 on my scale---------------------------
,Recommended,287980,11857980,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Joshosaurus,"Brilliant little game to play when you have a little time to spend, the only improvement I would say it to make a version for mobile as that is where a game like this would work well."
,Recommended,287980,18802238,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,reisyan15,"Simple but fun gameplay, easy to adapt gameplay. It has a lot of potential and It'd be great on a mobile platform too"
76561198009724560,Recommended,287980,17282635,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Black Ensign,"I like this game, however I just logged on to find a new update.What did this update do?1 - It wiped all my scores.2 - It locked all the maps until I have scored high enough on the first 3.Not Very Impressed.PS - Bring back the pause feature!"
76561198065227399,Recommended,287980,20077492,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bandit,"Circles, so many circles. SO MANYBut serously this is a good logistics game thats fun and defently worth your money.(P.S. Circles, the ammount of circle stations together is why the thing at the top.)"
,Recommended,287980,29097461,Posted: 7 January,all,TotallyNotMe,Surprisingly fun! I got this game only an hour and a bit ago and I'm fully addicted.Positives :Everything!Negatives :I can't find anything bad about this game. Worth every penny. (Could maybe add a 3D mode ;))
76561198028148716,Recommended,287980,29052112,Posted: 5 January,all,caltrop,"Really fun for a short time. I was engaged for two hours but there's not much left to do, probably worth $5. See if you can catch it on sale."
76561198215953672,Recommended,287980,26146084,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,birddog,I enjoying this games.I am not complain andits so cool to play. keep itup working. thanks delveper
,Recommended,287980,27090753,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WheresDave,"This is a great little puzzle, it's simple and relaxing - until it's not..."
76561197989593954,Recommended,287980,12148791,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,ilumen,"relaxing, simple and strategic.  ^_^"
,Recommended,287980,31348786,Posted: 24 April,all,davidtylr,This is a fun little puzzle game where you have to create a transport system. It is great if you got a spare 20 minutes to kill. The challenges is a great addition to the game.
,Recommended,287980,17198558,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Aesamdal,"Difficult to play, but fun to play..."
,Recommended,287980,19687694,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Tony Almeida,"You know, it's a  game with a simple premisse... Yes, but it`s fun, really enjoyable, and kind of hard to be honest. I mean, I never fully got the right way to construct my lines, and after 4 or 5 lines it gets really hard to not lose it.But I love how they made a puzzle game with a premisse of ~metro system constructed~ and the possibility of saving gifs of how you built the lines it`s really cool.I would say 10/10 and for this price it`s almost the best you could get."
76561198188997159,Recommended,287980,21128636,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,KingWizard2003,This game is very simple and addictive if you love trains!!! SUPER FUN I LOVE ITRATING: 9/10
,Recommended,287980,33030137,Posted: 30 June,all,Zric,I can build up a line from isle of dogs to covent garden.
,Recommended,287980,32097348,Posted: 31 May,all,BaronSkippy,Great game but some of my shapes get stabbed by homeless Bernie supporters!
,Recommended,287980,11847579,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Wozza,"A very enjoyable game but lacks in content and variety. Most of the maps are more or less the same. The game needs better variety of trains on more maps. I enjoy Osaka because of the faster Shinkansens but when there is only one train available its kinda boring. Some new game modes would also be nice to see. Luckily the game is pretty cheap, so it is still worth the money I paid."
76561198046128724,Recommended,287980,19740333,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,dabomb1313,You learn. You worry. You say ♥♥♥♥ it and let the passengers walk to work.
,Recommended,287980,12603429,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Yeah this is a pretty solid puzzler that is in Early Access. Even though there is no music, and limited features, I certainly will get my money's worth here (6.99$). Really solid gameplay mechanic that is easy to learn and probably near-impossible to master. Great minimalistic design aesthetic with addicting gameplay. The developer's also seem in-tune with the community, and really, what they claim they will add does not seem that far from what they already have in place.If there was a transport sim rogue-like, this may be it. It has:-Random depot spawns-I believe (Random) spot along the river where the focus starts-RPG-like leveling up via weekly upgrade choices and resource management-Permadeath-The ability to pauses and make decisions is not *quite* turn-based, but damned close-Ability to solve goals using different strategies (high complexity)-Player vs. worldThere is not:-Fantasy elements-Grid-based"
,Recommended,287980,19420679,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Qu1N,Simple and much fun
,Recommended,287980,32176314,Posted: 4 June,all,[UH] Scooby Doo,"Good game.  I have the mobile version and was a little consired that this would be a waste of ten dollars.  However, it is better thean the mobile one(which I paid 99 cents for) would recomend to some one who wants a game that is easy to understand and doesnt require you to be on it multipul hours a week to get better."
76561198157210281,Recommended,287980,30476265,Posted: 12 March,all,江主席,good game to burn time
,Recommended,287980,16983372,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,SpriteXP,"It's a simple game but with a lot of options and great gameplay. Easy to learn, hard to master."
76561197993755170,Recommended,287980,18006871,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,devisser,Excellent and elegant game. Most cut down version of an operational rail game. The subway map aesthetic and simple rules make it the haiku of the train genre.
76561198013132245,Recommended,287980,24232045,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,huminado,"Minimalist graphics.Train logistics.Slow building where each scenario starts with 3 stations, then adds new stations and passengers over time.By far, what I find most satisfying about this game, is watching the train simulation, watching passengers get on and off trains.  The mechanism is the same as other train simulators and the lightweight graphics don't detract from the experience and immersion.The logistics consist of creating paths so common passenger destinations are accessible in minimal stops, while rare destinations are still handled in a timely fashion.  Also, just because a station is full and a train arrives, doesn't mean anybody will get on board, since the passengers seem to choose a train going to the nearest destination, not the earliest destination... (i.e. they'll wait a week to get on the train which has their stop next, rather than getting on this train that has their stop 2 stops down in the other direction) - at least it looked like that's what they are doing.Choose between new engine types, new routes, bridges, or carriages.  As stations become overcrowded with unserviced passengers, eventually the scenario will end, with an option to continue in endless mode.  Endless mode is fun as the game turns into mostly a free-form sandbox train station simulator.  Setting up one train to have a long chain of cars is pretty nice.I loved Sid Meier's Railroad and Mini Metro provides a lot of the same enjoyment.  Gameplay starts a little too slow, and after about 2 minutes picks up enough to become interesting.  Good tension.  Each map seems to generate stops randomly, so the same map played twice can be very different.  It would be nice to have an RNG seed interface to play the same map and station order repeatedly, but the game is still enjoyable as it is.  $10 - fair price."
76561198094395310,Recommended,287980,30410170,Posted: 9 March,all,reactt,Fun relaxing game. I probably sunk too much time in it XD
76561198024927375,Recommended,287980,28687019,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mr. Joestar,Mini metro is real good fam
,Recommended,287980,13931409,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,UnfriendlyMoose,"Extremely fun game, I wish there was audio. This game would be great on mobile devices."
,Recommended,287980,14454101,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,BRAZIL_KILL,"As this game is super-simple to draw, very undetailed graphics, super-simple interface and gameplay, I'd expect that developers make updates faster and better. It's almost a year and the soundtrack and other f.uu. kking simple gameplays aren't ready!!! Things are getting dangerous for game costumers... And the developers job are getting really easy. I think some of Steam game on Beta are scams that we support."
,Recommended,287980,34219678,Posted: 13 August,all,セロ Sero,"5/10, no reasons.Okay I lied, I can't think of any pros and cons out of the game itself, I can only say that this game is challenging, only down side would be it has so little official levels. Would be interesting if workshop is available."
,Recommended,287980,34211948,Posted: 13 August,all,klapviool,Just a lovely simple game that is channeling enough to be fun for a couple of hours.
,Recommended,287980,22816087,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Art-hropod,"Very realistic. Especially how if a trainstation has too many people in it, the entire metro system for the next few miles is shut down."
,Recommended,287980,16487181,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,a chaser of ball,"It's a great unique little game, but it seems like they've sacrificed some essential controls and visualizations for a simplistic look. For example using two or three mouse buttons would be much better than the counterintuitive dragging. Trains need to be highlighted so that they're not hidden under stations when you need to change things around.It's already worth money but it has a lot of room to grow."
,Recommended,287980,22807370,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,T517,Very good and simple game
,Recommended,287980,28592208,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TNTFTB,Intuitively brilliant!
76561198044153003,Recommended,287980,33184655,Posted: 3 July,all,Superbia,Fantastic game!I would have liked to see an interface where the amount of trains/line showed.
,Recommended,287980,19038349,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,pinback,I can use my failures in this game to fail at Cities: Skylines.
,Recommended,287980,14236450,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Kaiser Kane,"Build the most inefficient, useless subway system known to man!!! Just like real life!!A simple, clean looking game with a surprising amount of depth. Can be stressful on normal mode or soothing on scenic mode. Either way, it was a good purchase! :)"
76561198046383785,Recommended,287980,14518068,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hamerlinski,"Simple yet addictive. Very smart idea neatly presented (reminding me of some Presi gems) and almost as engaging as a real transport simulation.Although making changes to an existing layout is quite complex, the result resembles a real metro map. It requires a good deal of strategic thinking and planning in advance."
,Recommended,287980,19846163,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,BailsBach,"It's a very simplistic and nicely designed game. If your not one for ""realistic"" graphics, and prefer a cleaner, and more simple design like Portal, check this out.The gameplay is repetative after a while, even though I've only played around 8hrs, which is fairly disappointing. But, if your bored one day and want to have a strategic London Underground map making simulator, give it a shot, as it's fairly cheap.7/10Pros -Simple, easy to pickup.Doesn't require pro hardware.Cons -Pretty boring after a while.No mod support.Gamemodes basically the same."
,Recommended,287980,17914595,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Lord Cagen,I enjoyed making the most complex looking subways. It is fun to try to make a good working system and then say screw it and just drag all of your lines to every single station. Unless you just one to build one giant subway line. It is fun and I got lost in it easily. 10/10 Would drag and drop transit system again.
,Recommended,287980,27554407,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Drakhai,"This is the perfect game whenever you have a thirty minute break. It's demanding in just the right way, not too easy, not unfair, and it's minimilist design gives this game not only a beautiful astethic, but also communicates every possiblity and situation clearly.I really love this game, and can wholeheartedly recommend the purchase of it at 10 bucks. I think it's worth 20, easily."
76561198058419919,Recommended,287980,34028701,Posted: 4 August,all,Mikes Hard Lemonade,"An extremely enjoyable game that's just chill, endless mode is absolute fantastic fun.10/10 would reccomend."
,Recommended,287980,29370321,Posted: 19 January,all,D a d ✔,For me this game is the perfect snack. Between studying I will play this game. Between some hardcore gaming sessions and when I want to calm my brain I play this. On the way home I open up the app and play on the bus!
,Recommended,287980,27858334,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Blanjipan,It's so simple yet so infuriating.This game makes me hate circular objects.
76561198256452709,Recommended,287980,28571871,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,schnoppelschnap,"It's a fun, casual game with enjoyable background music, very nice to kill time"
,Recommended,287980,29271831,Posted: 15 January,all,Rocket35,Great Game
,Recommended,287980,14915015,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Rain,entertaining small game
76561198022728391,Recommended,287980,19521648,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Tommy Wise-No,"This game is suprisingly challenging, but provides such a relaxing atmosphere that the challenge does not lead much to stress.A very fun little time killer."
76561198026910651,Recommended,287980,20613080,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,PingPongPing,"This is a truly sublime experience akin to entering the world of Tron accompanied by the music of Kraftwerk.There are no instructions provided, you don’t need them. Just enter this experience and emerge enriched."
76561198115829784,Recommended,287980,25586647,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,frank2351,One of the casual games i keep coming back to. Would recommend to buy on a sale.
,Recommended,287980,18974363,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,[TW]bad@chaos,"Do you enjoy moving little shape people from place to place? Than this might be the game for you!Mini Metro is a cleverly designed (dare I say cute) strategy game based upon public transportation systems. You are tasked to design metro layouts on the fly as your city continues to exponentially grow.Note that I didn’t say simulation game. That’s because at it’s core it isn’t. Mini Metro’s approach is very simple, relieving the player from ticket prices, pan-handlers, collisions or anything that makes real transit systems a nuisance. Don’t come into this game expecting a realistic train simulator by any means. The only objective is to move passengers as efficiently as possible for as long as you can.Session can go indefinitely. The incentive is to reach a curtain high score to unlock new city maps. Passengers are represented by basic shapes. Circles, squares, triangles, etc. Their shape is also an indication as to where they want to go to; as all the locations are basic shapes also. Each map starts off with a few station locations and you simply click and drag out “lines” (tracks) between the points.In the beginning this quite easy but as time goes on and more locations appear it gets more and more challenging as some of the shapes are less common than others. This forces the player to not only work at a local or micro level but work city wide. Making you create new lines across the entire map to ensure the riders can get to their destination.Thankfully the game is forgiving, allowing you to delete, modify and rebuild lines at anytime. This is very nice as a design that may have worked with on a earlier when the city was less complex may no longer work on a complex, city-wide system. If you want more of a challenge this feature can be disabled.Overall I’m very impressed by Mini Metro’s balanced of simplicity and difficulty."
76561197982581894,Not Recommended,287980,18961871,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,r.tos,"I only played it for an hour, the game is ok-ish... Not worth 10€, there is not enough content. Asked for a refund before hitting 2 hours of gameplay because I have the feeling I won't play more than 2 or 3 hours."
,Not Recommended,287980,26228192,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,3rdyellow,"A more fair pricing would be $5, like in iOS. :)[Edit 10/27]The game is skewed against you.While playing the game, most will reach a threshold impossible to maneuver out of, especially because of the seemingly random nature of the game. This is so because the weekly completion reward of one train does not increase exponentially with the increased amount of stations/passengers, especially increase in'varied'stations. Then as one reaches around ~2000 passengers, the congestion becomes impossible to maneuver out of, not matter how good you play. Of course, there are some that can reach 3000 or even 4000, but this is simply due to the luck of the straw, or luck of what stations spawn where.This is amajor oversightby the developers, one which shouldn't have existed to begin with. What is the point of playing something in which you know full well you will reach a certain threshold from the very beginning? Why is the weekly reward of one train when having 10 stations the same as having 30, 40 or morevariedstations? Doesn't make sense.Possible fix? Increase the amount of weekly trains rewarded exponentially after a couple of weeks of play.I have asked for a refund after playing three games because there is no getting better and one can only count on better luck, not to mention it gets very repetitive. Replay value is also severely diminished knowing your imminent fate at a certain point in the game is certain."
,Recommended,287980,17652167,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Azzanator,"If I ran the tube like I ran my lines here, there would be triple the strikes."
,Recommended,287980,18006378,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Joyvel,TRAINS TRAINS TRAINS
,Not Recommended,287980,31105817,Posted: 12 April,all,Swissinator_Override,"This game seems like a great concept and is really for for like a couple of hours and then it really really gets boring... So no matter how hyped you are right now, don't buy it bc you will regret having bought this game in a couple of hours bc it just gets boring"
,Recommended,287980,25446353,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Samuel Iles,Great Game. So many levels unlocked already. No lag which is amazing. I brought this game for £6.99 and well worth the money. No adverts. I love this game. I recommened anyone to by this game.My rating of this game is 10/10. It's spectacular!!!!
,Recommended,287980,33628611,Posted: 18 July,all,SPACE,I like trains
76561198067459636,Not Recommended,287980,30940346,Posted: 4 April,all,Snowman,"I do recommend the game if it's on sale, but at the price of 9,99€ right now, I don't.It gets boring real quick, and you are basically doing the same again and again, just on a larger scale.It has been updated though, not sure how much it has evovled.But it's okay as a casual game to waste time, but not more than that."
76561198108439013,Not Recommended,287980,23313879,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SpaceManiac,good but not worth 10 euros so I can'r recomend it
76561198006245071,Recommended,287980,18988893,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,[420] Thomas The Dank Engine,gr8 game m8 I r8 8/9
,Recommended,287980,22962854,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dr. Pampelmuse,I'm feeling like Obama.
76561198185290913,Recommended,287980,22737653,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,That Koala Guy,great fun
76561198268697625,Recommended,287980,24372752,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,FRSJPP,Another circle station?!?!?!10/10
,Recommended,287980,25500513,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Ground pilot,im not a noob!
76561198151208732,Recommended,287980,28814354,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Urahara Kisuke,Much wow
,Not Recommended,287980,23816153,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Eryk Dragonheart,I really did not like this game. Passengers just pile up and don't get on empty trains for some reason. Was a waste of money. I am usually a puzzle type person but no thanks mini metro
76561198047743177,Recommended,287980,12650982,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,rookie2phenom,"Casual, Relaxed, and Groovy. Makes you think. 10/10"
76561198124957289,Recommended,287980,12941083,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,MooseOnTheLoose,"Just buy it. It's $7. I'd pay $20. Buy it, you'll thank me later."
76561198237814594,Recommended,287980,28822822,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Wattermance,great game :)
,Recommended,287980,16468087,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jet Fuel Can't Melt Steel Memes,It's been some time since I've been so engrossed in a game that I lose 2 hours just like that.
76561198122276107,Recommended,287980,32368402,Posted: 12 June,all,MarcOwaR,FEAR THE CIRCLES AND BEG FOR THE SQUARES!
76561198065856420,Recommended,287980,32454581,Posted: 15 June,all,Ewibow,Only 1 hour on  this game and i can tell you my 10 $ are worth . THe gameplay is so fun of any games and very interesting . A perfect 5/7
76561198105488472,Recommended,287980,18915439,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Alex,Yeah it's alright
,Recommended,287980,17782620,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,static,"One of the most elegant, perfectly conceived transportation managers I've ever seen.  Brilliantly combines transportation management with challenging strategy, engrossing patterns and minimalist game design.Playing on ""Night Mode"" in a dim room is a fabulously relaxing, sometimes meditative experience, especially now that such lovely audio is now built into the game.  If you have a soft spot for logistical management, interesting game design and absorbing, procedurally generated music, Mini Metro is for you!"
,Recommended,287980,23272928,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,VanSHOE,ProsSmooth Animations(i absolutely love them)Strategically well made(dont ask me what that means)Can run VERY WELL on low end pcs(My laptop !)ConsHeadacheYou will wanna kill yourself if you want high scores
,Recommended,287980,20552886,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,P*ter,If you want to play a game on a plane trip to Boston this is it if you want to game for days and have a exciting adventure this isnt it
76561198165179116,Not Recommended,287980,28920905,Posted: 1 January,all,Dr.Pickel,I don't really like this game because there is no real goal to it. You just go until you fail and there is no real ending
,Recommended,287980,14360806,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Swizz,"""Gameplay 8/8 m8"" - IGN"
76561198120409750,Not Recommended,287980,23133508,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,ottocaspar,"overall ok but every time I want to delete a line I get angry, seriously did you ever played this game by your self (developers)? it is horrible change the deleting mechanism and you get a positive review!"
,Recommended,287980,12932264,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,PRYM8,"It's so cool my head ""literally"" exploded!"
76561198274731541,Recommended,287980,33414352,Posted: 9 July,all,Mr.Hegarty,This game is good but it gets boring after a while.
,Not Recommended,287980,34242865,Posted: 14 August,all,Bear,"For some reason, I can't seem to find a way to enjoy this game. Although I don't have much time for perhaps a full perspective, I got incredibly bored after the first 15 minutes. I tried all different things, and sure it was stressful near the end of some levels, but that stress didn't go over the sheer boredom that I got from this game. I sort of enjoy the idea of the game, but sometimes you get to parts or levels where you just know you're screwed and there's nothing else to do but keep going knowing you're going to fail, or restart completely. And you desperately try to save 1 or 2 lanes but that causes that the others fall behind and you can't keep up and you drown in desperation."
,Recommended,287980,16466401,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jack5,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wFPxPGyUHU
76561197998710555,Recommended,287980,25330469,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Skyleaf,"Yup this game is worth every penny, amazing concept well executed. Either a very relaxing zen like experience, or a fierce battle for high scores, or both :)"
,Recommended,287980,25551494,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Papa Soner,"UhNot too sure what to write here so heres a recipe for Pancakes insteadIngredients:1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 tablespoons sugar1 tablespoon baking powder1/4 teaspoon salt1/8 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg2 large eggs, at room temperature1 1/4 cups milk, at room temperature1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as neededNow to make it1. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg.2. In another bowl, beat the eggs and then whisk in the milk and vanilla.3. Melt the butter in a large cast iron skillet or griddle over medium heat.4. Whisk the butter into the milk mixture. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, and whisk until a thick batter is just formed5. Keeping the skillet at medium heat, ladle about 1/4 cup of the batter onto the skillet, to make a pancake. Make 1 or 2 more pancakes, taking care to keep them evenly spaced apart. Cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook about 1 minute more on the second side. Serve immediately or transfer to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter to the skillet as needed.6. Procedure for adding fruit to pancakes: Once the bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, scatter the surface with sliced or diced fruit, or chocolate chips, nuts, etc. Flip with a spatula and cook for 1 minute more, being careful not to burn toppings."
,Not Recommended,287980,30646290,Posted: 20 March,all,bunnzy,"I can't understand the hype.  This game is confusing and I just don't get it.  I have plenty of experience with games like this so don't know why I find it so unintuitive.  Could it just be me?   I never felt like I was getting any better no matter how many levels I progressed through.  Was it just TOO simple?  Was I overthinking it?  I don't know if I'll ever figure that out.I don't recommend this game, it's so vague and there are so many awesome alternatives out there."
76561198177022843,Not Recommended,287980,19692663,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Socialist Tsar,Ok for once I wouldn't reccomend this game. It isn't really that fun it was frustrating at times because of what it set out to be. I would of liked it more if  you bought trains and earnt money instead of every week you made a choice and that is what took the fun out of the game. That's it really so yeah see ya next time people who actually like my reviews ;)
,Not Recommended,287980,25857728,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,w+m1,"Imagine buying diablo and there are only 5 levels of dungeon - As others have said, this game does have a good enjoyable core - but once you break free of that, which is not hard, it gets pretty dull.After 100 or so passengers a day in endless, you stop gaining things. It just keeps going, but you can't aquire any more cars or tracks.And while the design looks clean and simple; there are some very frustrating interactions. want to lay down the red track? first, select the red track then click on a station - oh wait, its laying down a blue track.There are a lot of good things done well in this game - things I really think are worth celebrating - Attentions to details that I find really exciting, and a core concept that is beautiful and elegant.I guess if anything, I would describe this game as such: a finished unfinished game with no updates in months. It's only fault is that there is not enough of it."
,Not Recommended,287980,29131526,Posted: 8 January,all,Sugna,"This is sooooooo not worth $10. It's like a good game for a tablet or a phone, maybe worth $2 or $1 noooo way worth that many $$$ not reccomened due to the evil devs"
,Not Recommended,287980,22749887,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Nicky T,"Got old pretty fast.  I like puzzle games, but I didn't feel like I was solving anything.  No sense of achievement.  Filing for a refund."
,Not Recommended,287980,26454869,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Heiopei,Far Far too expensive for that little game!
,Not Recommended,287980,17741193,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Ben_Parry,"Surprisingly addictive at first, but the fun wore thin rather quickly. The game never seems to 'go' anywhere - ironically. Hopefully a couple of updates will draw me back in! A little over-priced for the current offering I feel."
76561197996668645,Not Recommended,287980,12156023,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Lephtovermeet,"I really like the concept but unfortunately that’s all it feels like right now: a concept – not even a working beta. I can’t recommend this because it really feels like nothing more than a web-browser game. It is still open beta and it is only like $6 but still I wouldn’t pay $6 for a flash game.Aside from things clearly still in development like sound, more levels, a bunch of options and stuff like that, there’s just no meat to the game. Essentially all you’re doing is dragging lines between dots on the screen not unlike the zillion air traffic controller clones for mobiles. While I’m looking for casual as opposed to a transport simulator, it still needs more to feel like a game. How about currency, pricing, upgradables, a map that zooms out and enlarges as the game progresses, etc.?Don’t get me wrong, the game is fun and super addicting for like 5 or less hours. After that however, there’s just nothing else to do. If you can accept this and have a couple of dollars to burn, go for it. If you are neurotic and have to do simple repetitive tasks to maximize efficiency, play away. If you are looking some actual content or something more than your average free mobile game, I wouldn’t bother."
,Recommended,287980,25451429,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Recommended !
76561198029818396,Recommended,287980,14204847,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GrenadesAndHamm,"Overall, a fun game but gets old fairly quick.   But a few good hours of enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,287980,28563331,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,dennys 1v9,"Beautiful game and concept but for me personally, not very fun."
76561198054335864,Not Recommended,287980,14526806,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sotzrem,"Fun game - one of those games that really makes you pay attention, if you dont it starts to steam roll you.Pros: Simple easy to play - Casual GameCons: Not much re-play value.  No Sound, Lack of Levels,May get better once full game out?  its a BETA"
76561197993272625,Not Recommended,287980,14398918,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,User,"Fun for a few hours and then it's totally borring. Train goes here, train goes there oh this station has a backup.. ok reroute.. bleep bloop oh failure... Watch like 5 gameplay vids to get the full experience, but don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,287980,25219235,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Misha,boring and easy
76561198309569470,Not Recommended,287980,34266751,Posted: 15 August,all,shaharkohan,not really fun
76561198005204916,Not Recommended,287980,16440224,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,chickenfish,Decent game but i just wish it was more of a tycoon game then a puzzle game as it is now. Great innnovative idea though.
,Not Recommended,287980,18182053,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Swiggity,"Its very fun for about 40 mins, then all of a sudden the fun drops out and it becomes a chore"
76561198213039996,Not Recommended,287980,28180449,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ennekens.glenn,This isn't worth buying!
,Not Recommended,287980,15068022,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ioScream,"I love casual games, but I have to say this game is really boring. I know I haven't put much time in it, but that is because I got bored really quickly.This game feels like a more boring version of ""Pipe Dreams"", which for the younger crowd is a game where you have to build a piping system before liquid would flow and points were rewarded for the length of pipe the water traveled through before flooding out of the pipes.I digress. This game is about setting up a ""metro"" system to pick up shapes and deliver them to a station of the same shape. While you are setting up your ""tracks"" new shapes randomly appear as well as patrons. Those shapes have to be integrated into your system before the patrons get frustrated and leave at which point you lose.The bigger problem I have with this game is that there is no way of planning your system as the shape locations appear at random. There is a way to restructure your system but the interface feels unintuitive and I'm never sure if when I remove tracks/trams that they return to my inventory. From what I can tell - trams do not - and therefore you are punished for a restructure that you couldn't have planned before.This game feels like a mobile game, best experienced on the crapper.I hesitate to say this game is horrible as it has many great reviews, but as a fan of casual games - you can skip this one. Sorry devs.I will give this game more time and if my opinion changes I will update this review."
,Not Recommended,287980,17788469,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,jason.goemaat,"What is supposed to be fun about this game?  It starts off just telling you to click one place and another to draw a line, but I have no idea what the rules are.  I know the general purpose, you have to connect stations that have a shape and passengers waiting with other shapes to stations that are those shapes, but I don't know why I can't draw a line between certain stations.  Mildly entertaining for about 2 minutes, but if this is supposed to be a puzzle game, I can't figure out how it's meant to be."
76561197989586881,Not Recommended,287980,14971282,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,SBTurvok,This game is Better suited for Mobile. It's terribly simple in it's current state. It has some fun replayability to it. It just feels so light on content.  If this was a mobile game i wouldn't hesitate to recomend it for around $5-8.I thought the game would be more about financially managing a subway system and managing passenger loads. It's more of a game that you just manage dots floating around the screen.
76561197969465963,Not Recommended,287980,33956699,Posted: 1 August,all,F.W.Mietzsche,"Alright, an interactive subway map. But there's no way you'll be able to build a subway system that makes sense with the underlying mechanics. It's not a simulation, it's a convoluted puzzle, like the good old Caesar 3 or Pharaoh. Except here you have no exciting game world to keep you invested, it's just a bunch of lines on a blank background with boring music."
76561197995564839,Not Recommended,287980,16313224,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Disonyxiated,"It is basically a mobile app they want you to buy for your PC.It'd be cool to play when you're on the train or waiting for a bus. But is in no way worth having on your computer.Do not buy, you will regret it."
76561198023296344,Not Recommended,287980,20008134,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,johnhopfensperger,This isn't even a game.
76561197964232046,Not Recommended,287980,16467744,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rainbow Droid,"Minimalist, conceptually fun transport strategy game, but very buggy and badly designed. Can't accomplish anything with strategy when you spend literally all your time fighting the horrible route interface and the arbitrary, random, nonsensical design decisions that make the game more of a time waster where success is based as much on luck as on skill. I read several strategy guides and managed to make headway in the game, eventually beating all the basic level goals, but it was never enjoyable in any way because the game is so fundamentally broken and badly designed. I prefer strategy games, not luck based time wasters. The game has no sound and I literally had more fun listening to my Solar Fields ambient trance albums in the background than I did playing the game.Some examples:Metro lines frequently refuse all attempts to revise their route for absolutely no reason unless you chop out the ENTIRE line and remake it. This is a huge headache and by itself makes the game unplayable when the randomness requires adaptation. I know you can click the route near a station and then drag over the station to remove that section of the route -- I'm saying that sometimes it simply doesn't work, and for no reason that I can discern.EDIT 6/19/2015 - This was fixed in the last patchNew stations spawn randomly (you cannot build stations) and often in places that make level goals inaccessible (e.g. ""Carry 1000 passengers using only 1 tunnel"" but then new stations keep spawning between 2 rivers and long before the map opens up to give you more route options). Or how about the Hong Kong level goal: Move 1100 passengers with only 8 stations per line. Sounds reasonable, until you recognize that stations often spawn INTO your routes and instantly ruin your entire game on the spot. Or Berlin where you must carry the same huge number of passengers using only 1 locomotive per line. What's that? You say the end of week choices didn't offer you another line to run your end of week locomotive on? Too bad. Hit restart, try again, maybe next time you'll get luckier.Passengers often accumulate at a station with multiple empty trains passing by regularly without picking them up for absolutely no reason (connecting lines properly placed to destination, sometimes destination was even on the same line!) and this is yet more hair pulling insanity because within 30 seconds or so of passengers not being picked up at a station it's BLAM GAME OVER because the game ends the instant people have to wait too long for a train pickup. Why? I have no idea. That's just what the developer chose. Several times I got Game Over despite clearing the passengers out of the station just before the timer ran out. I don't know why.There seems to be no fundamental locational supply and demand for stations (it's all random) and only a tenuous connection between time of day and passenger movements, if there IS any connection. I get that the different geometry icons and the way they evolve independent of the player is designed to simulate a city economy moving and the metro having to adapt to changing demand but in practise the implementation is so scattered, crazy, and random that it makes no sense and is the antithesis of fun to have to deal with. Real world metrorail transport doesn't work this way. Combine this with all the other interface headaches and you'll likely be passionately hating the game before you get too far.These fundamental problems make the game generally unplayable, unenjoyable, and outright annoying, and I could not possibly recommend this pile of disasterous development and unsound design. The fact that the game has no sound has no bearing on the final verdict. It's just bad.---------------UPDATE 6/19/2015I've played this game several more hours and beat all the maps since I wrote this review and I still feel essentially the same. A patch removed the problem with track route not changing but the more I play the more I realize that the main game mode (not endless or extreme) is based almost entirely on luck of the drawwith you predestined to fail sooner or later. To get the goals and unlock the extreme modes you have to have some combination of lucky starting position, lucky station spawns, and lucky end week choices. Sure, you need good planning and careful manipulation of the routes on top of that as well, but do you really want to play a game that force fails you based on luck no matter how skilled you are? I don't. I still don't recommend this game unless you like wasting time. It's a decent time waster, but a bad strategy game."
,Not Recommended,287980,32011633,Posted: 27 May,all,SoupOrJuice,"Pros: Minimalist design fits well with the intended goal, great overall aesthetics (visuals, sound, all very cohesive). Cheap.Cons: Nowhere is the gameplay explained. The ""tutorial"" has no writing or explanation, just starts the game slightly slower than if you were regularly playing. I have no idea how to control/predict when a carriage/train will stop and pick up passengers, and when it will go by a station. No clue how to do anything about back up on a particular station, other than putting more trains on that line. No idea how to predict where passengers will want to go, it's all shapes but which triangle station does the passenger want to go to? None of the gameplay makes any sense to me, and nowhere is there a more detailed explanation. Maybe if I was smarter, or more in-tune with the game, I'd figure it out, but I've tried twice now (around 5-6 ""rounds"" total) and still can't quite manage to figure it out."
76561197962386617,Not Recommended,287980,17194823,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,"TAke a look, y'all:","I was kind of amazed to find out that there is absolutely no sound whatsoever in this game. Judging by the developer's comments on the forum it looks like there's some holdup with the procedural audio generation which is totally reasonable considering this is Early Access... but not even a single placeholder effect? Really?To add to the confusion, turning the sound on and off is an option in the Main Menu... but it does nothing because there is no sound to turn on or off.Seems like it might be a fun game once it's done, but beware of the developer's estimation that it will be released in ""mid 2015""."
76561197972915600,Not Recommended,287980,16967955,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,aWildCzechAppears,"WARNING: THIS IS A VERY VERY OLD REVIEW AND IS NO LONGER RELEVANT!I HAVE NOT HAD THE TIME TO PLAY AND REVIEW THIS GAME SINCE THE UPDATE THAT ADDED SOUND!TL;DR: There is NOT ONE SINGLE SOUND in the entire game, which makes it suck.If you are thinking about buying this game then do one thing for me before you do:1) Go up to the video trailer and watch it with the audio muted.Do you like the game without sound?  Well that's what it will probably be like forever!  This game was released nearly two years ago and doesn't even HAVE A TIMELINE for when audio will be added.  This game went from ""fun"" to ""boring"" in about one hour and the primary culprit was the complete lack of audio.Update:The developer responded to me (in detail) about the complications surrounding audio support and gave a projection as to when it should be finished.  I am interested in seeing the result, but time will tell if I change my mind and start recommending it."
,Not Recommended,287980,18309605,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Thunderstruck,Boring...
,Not Recommended,287980,17546420,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Zozocha,This is a awesome brainy games that make you feels smarter XD I LOVE IT SOOO MUCH lol
76561198104451108,Not Recommended,287980,30244417,Posted: 28 February,all,Kitto,HELLO GOOD JOB GOOD ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
76561198071928141,Not Recommended,287980,12528594,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,mongolteiko,Feeling more negative than positive at the moment. May change my mind later once it's released proper andsome more changes via updates arrive.Idea is good but can't give it the thumbs up yet.Too many circles keep popping up next to each other [not random at all!].....they make up nearly half the shapes. The loops loop the wrong way on some shapes which then make it impossible to lay other routes over them! Then you get stations popping up on existing routes which are then 'throughplatforms' so trains don't stop there!Would be nice to have levels/goals for each city and to earn the tunnels/bridges/carriage/line quicker than at present.Sound is coming later...so a bit boring without it at the moment.
,Not Recommended,287980,16435969,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Disc-OH!,Boring and empty.Needs work before you should buy it.
76561198060039689,Not Recommended,287980,17547245,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Horati,"This is the worst game I have ever played.  It opens up in the middle of a ""game"" which turns out to be completely abstract -- the transportation of shapes to other shapes.  One can infer that these shapes are people who desire to go to a city of the corresponding shape; however, there are no tutorials, tooltips, passenger desires, etc.  I have NO idea how this game achieved such high reviews, but I suspect foul play."
,Not Recommended,287980,13723271,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,OutBulled,No tutorial. No tips. Hard to fix lines without destroying them.
,Not Recommended,287980,34245538,Posted: 14 August,all,pizzaman,"Not good man at all ask steam support and they will tell you how I strongly feel about this game. It is basicly connect the dots (like on Red Robin's kids menue) accept, instead of getting a picture of a juicy burger, you loose $10 and your self respect. I would rather pay to not play this game and most people who play it have spent more time in game the the creators spent making it. The music was made in 15 mins on a cheep keyboard with sound affects. If this was on cool math games for free I would avoid it because run 2 is better."
76561198010791222,Not Recommended,287980,12868461,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Eyewashere,ehhh ok
76561198023248338,Not Recommended,287980,12576706,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ecdysiast,This is a really stupid puzzle game.
76561198101667623,Recommended,287980,11784460,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Panduh,Simple yet alot of fun. Didn't take much to get me hooked. Hoping for some sound effects and music to be implemented soon!
,Recommended,287980,11786911,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,forasp,"Fun little game, definitely worth it."
76561198006703644,Recommended,287980,11688555,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Androvilios,Very addictive en fun game for people who like abstractions!
76561198031266598,Recommended,287980,11689043,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Rivano Moretti,"A classic game in the making. Having played only an hour and a half at the moment I can see myself loosing much more time to this game.While the lack of music is sad, being Early Access, I can't wait for the soundtrack to be added on.All in all, this is no train sim, it is a frustratingly fun strategists dream which challenges your abilities each time you play through and there is no forgiveness for even the slightest oversight. That being said, I would have liked a little tutorial that would have explained that when a new station appears on an existing line it becomes a place where trains blissfully roll by. Therefore, you must either redraw the entire line to include the new station or add it to another line.Graphically, the simplistic design is really quite beautiful and as time goes on you start to admire the mess of lines that begin to splay out as you try to balance length of lines and coverage.All in all, a great game and I highly recommend picking this game up while it is at a very reasonable price.On a lighter note, I now take my hat off to every Transport Minister past and present."
,Recommended,287980,11689375,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Mongar,"Brilliant concept, addictive gameplay and beautiful artwork.Solid game for an early access.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,287980,11689799,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Batata,"So freaking addictive, would buy again.9/10."
76561198097995438,Recommended,287980,11694548,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,badplastics,Really enjoyable! I've always loved the art style of subway maps and this adds an element of strategy and [rewarding] stress to that aesthetic. Looking forward to future updates.
76561198031306289,Recommended,287980,11795999,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,KomradZX,"In simulation games, people commonly think that the more complex you make the game, the more realistic it becomes. That notion couldn't be more wrong with Mini Metro. With the few simple set of rules and design, Dinosaur Polo Club has created a true masterpiece. Ever since I played my very first Sim City game when I was 5 I have always dreamed of a game exactly like this. Sure there have been plenty of other transportation simulators made, but the learning curb is almost always far too steep for all but the very, very few hardcore gamers out there.Mini Metro really shows just how good a simple idea can become such a rich and fullfilling game. There are very few games like this that can attract people who would have never tried any simulation game because of the mind-boggling complexity. Mini Metro is a perfect example of how casual gamers can suddenly find themselves obsessed like the hardcore gamer without hardcore learning curb associated with nearly every simulation game out there. This game is perfect for ANYONE and EVERYONE!"
,Recommended,287980,11800529,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Undead Kitty 🎃,"A really nice, yet simple little game. Easy to pick up and play, but even easier to lose, even then you will keep returning for more from this game. It is even nice to look at, can't wait for more to be added to this game.Fun and good for money."
76561198035652848,Recommended,287980,12175845,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Marin,Cute little time-killerlove it
76561197987307805,Recommended,287980,12183405,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,KeithZG,"Way more fun than it has any right to be. The core gameplay (and stylish interface) is already fully intact, working as a somewhat abstracted city transit planning sim. The only major thing missing right now is sound, but in that sense it's perfect for podcast listening."
,Recommended,287980,11979961,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,bobeyuno,This has a lot going for it as a Zen like puzzle game. I'ts very clean and easy to use. So far since the first beta there has been regular updates so the development team are really there.This is a game i turn on play a game and just feel better after even though i failed. But thats the fun is mastering how best to assign your routes and where to stick down extra trains
,Recommended,287980,12028666,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,iphi,"mini metro certainly works for me - very simple mechanics create a complex challenge, travelling salesman style. Stylish, not stressful, and quite addictive"
76561197972204769,Recommended,287980,12028762,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,takhard,Even though it is still in early development.  It is extremely addicting.  Can't wait to see what else they add!
,Recommended,287980,12029098,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,repo,very simso graphicsmuch zen
76561198036445359,Recommended,287980,12031271,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Bobby Darch,"Fantastic, worth the money. can be challenging sometimes however if you like metro systems and a challenge. go get it now!"
,Recommended,287980,12063656,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Industrial7,"Simple but fun, this game has you connecting metros in famous cities around the world, and to be honest, one of my favourite points is the style of it, like the London Underground map.My one and only complaint is the lack of audio, but that is going to be added soon."
76561198042032227,Recommended,287980,11946074,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,au8633,Great Game but it has  no sound :(
,Recommended,287980,11956452,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Campin Commander,"This is a great little time waster, the simple graphics and gameplay work brilliantly. The game starts off really easy but then it starts to become a massive puzzle game."
,Recommended,287980,11962861,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Wittrekt,A friend of mine recommended this game to me. It's a lot of fun and highly addictive. It is pretty much a subway line simulator. It's wicked fun and surprisingly very time wasting. I love it so much I've only owned it for less than 24 hour hours and have already recorded 3 hours of gameplay so far... stupid real life responsibilities...
,Recommended,287980,11930719,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Riko Sakurauchi,"You know that ""Just one more turn"" in Civlization V. Take that and multiply it by 10."
76561197996176836,Recommended,287980,11931420,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,blactap,A perfect game too.....Well... manage a subway system. Once you think have it figured out. There is always one more circle to mess up your flow.
76561198067748351,Recommended,287980,12017796,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,lil_lambie,"This is quite an addictive game, and though it seems simple, is a good challengeCurrently in it's beta release there is no sound but the gameplay can not be faulted.I can't wait until more cities are releasedAt present my best scores in St Petersburg and London can be found in the videos belowhttp://youtu.be/gjkDNwhYtsQ- ranking at time of posting 1744http://youtu.be/pVymTmhJQlY- ranking at time of posting 4764"
76561197970539443,Recommended,287980,12020530,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Chivvy,"Simple light hearted puzzle game.  A little frusterating that there is no cost to destroying/rebuilding the subway and that you have to do so to get really high scores, but the basics are sound and enjoyable.  And with luck it will get better, something I will check back on."
,Recommended,287980,11878908,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,jones77,"I love this game.  For how long I don't know.  But I'll play it today, like I did yesterday and the day before that.If you're still playing Railroads 'cos that's all there is you want this game."
,Recommended,287980,11879442,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,the.furiosoinferno,"LOVE this game... such a simple, good-looking interface, as well as being easy to pick up, and all the while wonderfully challenges your brain. I was immediately sucked in and spent a few hours playing between the different cities; but you can also just bring up a quick round during a break (and if your break isn't long enough, there IS a pause button!)."
,Recommended,287980,11882548,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Judge,"Was suggested this game by a friend, read the reviews and thought wow only 2 bad reviews...I'll check it out!Mini Metro is a game that completely changes after the first 10 minutes of playing through.  At first I thought  yeah this is easy, but as the level of difficulty increases you find yourself racking your brain hoping for the next upgrade the come round.  Graphics are simple and pleasing to watch, Its nice not to have a overly cluttered UI.Cant wait for more maps!!"
,Recommended,287980,11882566,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,cr54,"If you're looking for a difficult-to-master strategy game, this is pretty solid. If, however, you're looking for a mass transit sim ... this is not it.Once you figure out key elements of maximizing efficiency, you begin to realize that the real-world logic behind the layout of the world's metros need not apply. Thinking of a radial design enclosed by a circle line? It'll only last if the sequence of shapes makes sense. Ultimately that's where the game lost its 'sim' appeal for me.Nevertheless it's a satisfying puzzler that can embrace many different tactical approaches."
,Recommended,287980,12013869,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Jerreh,Get this game bro. It's totally fun right.
76561198005026768,Recommended,287980,11857185,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Flying Rat,Amazing
,Recommended,287980,11857449,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,VanDerSneaks,"9.99/10+ the beautiful and clean visuals really add to the overall experience+ super addictive gameplay; love the initial challenge of figuring out the game mechanics+ as of the time of writing this St Petersburg was recently added yay! <-- the devs are really active and keep their promises- the only negative is that the game is still in development and I'm impatiently waiting for the features that are yet to come, especially Scenic mode and the soundtrackThe full version of the game is due to be released in 3-4 months from now so I would highly recommend purchasing it ASAP to support the awesome work these guys are doing :)"
,Recommended,287980,11825894,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Sevandres,"Mini MetroThis game's about lines.You will, indeed, hate circles.Go buy this game now."
,Recommended,287980,18227855,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Green_Leader87,"This game is surprisingly addictive. It truely is the definition of ""Easy to learn, hard to master"". I would recommend this to anyone who wants a simple puzzle game with a great amount of depth."
,Recommended,287980,18233437,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Generic Blonde Loli,Simple and cute graphics with Advanced game mechanics. This game looks innocent at the first 2 stations you connect but play a bit longer and it'll turn into a traffic nightmare if you're not attentive. I recommend this game to those who love strategy oriented games (and/or trains).
76561198164458952,Recommended,287980,17761562,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,JaydenKing125,"This game can be very addictive, as I've told all my friends ""It's a advanced and more complicated version off connect the dots"" I recomend this game for all ages!"
,Recommended,287980,17668716,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Dillon,"Choo Choo! Red locomotive set for destination of overcrowded station!Pros- Amazing gameplay concept- Brilliant strategy involved- Simple Artwork (Which may appeal to some people more than others)- Smooth graphics- Easy to learn, Hard to master style gameplay- Not many bugs while playingCons (Many of these will be fixed after Early Access)- Work-In-Progress Audio- Endless Mode Bugs are annoying, but don't get in the way of the gameOverall Score:83/100"
,Recommended,287980,17764870,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,AlphaTwo3,"A simplistic game with east to understand controls. Their recently added audio is good however I think has too much reverb. If you enjoy strategy and managing multiple variables, this game is a great short time killer if you need it."
76561197972369286,Recommended,287980,17765696,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,stealthsid,"Now that they put audio in I can finally give it the thumbs up it so greatly deserves!It's a wonderful, relaxing game where you make subway maps. It's easily worth full price.Pro's and con's are below my gameplay videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3_yPJ7-VCs+ The visuals are crisp and clean+ The procedurally generated sound is great+ It's easy to sit down for a session and get engrossed for a half hour or more- It doesn't do well with long stretches of play (multiple hours) as it gets repetitive within a single sitting"
76561198136359901,Recommended,287980,17653562,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,boredomkills30,The concept is amazing. The game is clean and modern and simple to learn but hard to master. The only issue i've had with the game is that it periodically freezes.
76561198133405124,Recommended,287980,17038566,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Zels3000,"It seems simple at first, but to actually get good results you need to plan your lines ahead and make sure you achieve maximum efficiency.Still in development so there is no music, but I dont think that takes away too much from the experience.7/10Made me understand why rail networks are so complicated in big cities."
76561198021072540,Recommended,287980,17041675,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Charmarrot,"This game is extremely addictive! Just when you think you've got the perfect metro network at your hands, one or more stations changes it's type, requiring you to review your lines and train assignments. The only easy moments is right after the game starts with 3 lines and 3 trains, as the weeks progress more types of stations will appear, you will make choices that have direct impact on the next week, but the game will never get easier. Passengers and stations appear faster, and while you try your hardest to keep your main hubs from overcrowding... BAM!! a station on the edge of town escaped your attention, it overcrowds  and it's game over. You wonder how it could have happened but you start the game again, and again. It's fun, I totally recommend this game, it'll give you many hours of strategic planning, a bit of frustration but also fulfilment at completing the Steam Achievements... Good luck!!"
,Recommended,287980,16998731,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Brooksee,"If you like a game that you can just jump in and out of, then Mini Metro is certainly a good place to start. When you add the fact that there are many different challenging aspects to the game, it becomes more than just a time-killing game and enters the catagory of pure strategy, And if that isn't enough there's an incredibly statistical post-game analysis focus too, for those that feel the need to find out how to improve on what they've already done. If you also like a game to feel crisp and well made, then this has that feeling in abundance. Even the simplicity of cascading through the menus has a very polished feel.You really can't go wrong with this game, especially for the price. You will not feel cheated at all. In fact, what ever level of gamer you are, you'll feel challenged at some point, guaranteed!"
76561198084808344,Recommended,287980,17003204,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,andrewbelnap,This game is just the greatest!
76561198011083571,Recommended,287980,17008276,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Carig,Perhaps the most elegently concieved games I have ever played. The designers have distilled a game concept to its essence. It  carried 0% fat and is the game I most frequentlly turn to if I have a spare 20-30 minutes.
,Recommended,287980,17042704,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Spec_Delta,"Fantastic game, very simple but yet beautiful."
,Recommended,287980,17051631,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,theprinceogames,Very Fun game 2 play in your spair time and is very clourful and has clourblind mode 2 and agin is relly fun
,Recommended,287980,16970390,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Sensual Lettuce,"Spectacularly designed urban design game. Although it's clearly unfinished (no music or sound effects being the most obvious sign of that), the game is still very enjoyable. Starts out easy and quickly gets very diffficult."
,Recommended,287980,16978604,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,echoar,This game is god tier/10
,Recommended,287980,17309686,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Leese,"So frustrating and yet so addicting. I can't count the amount of times I wanted to smash up my computer and yet I somehow managed to play for 7 hours straight. If you don't value whatever you have left of your sanity, get this game."
76561198082241167,Recommended,287980,17266574,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,usw1023,This game is addictive! I should be doing other things but I keep returning and playing.  The only reason I'm not playing now is something has happened and the passenger counting is off.
76561198030749235,Recommended,287980,17274367,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,mfarca,"enjoyable little game.  the simple presentation, and engaging game play provide a fine platform for this sort of simulation.  I look forward to seeing more cities added to the game."
,Recommended,287980,17335442,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Koshi,"Minimalistic, but that's good. Easy to learn, hard to master, thumbs up. :)"
,Recommended,287980,16368108,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gavalar,"Mini Metro is a great game based on a simple idea which is then executed brilliantly. The unique art style brough in from underground maps really makes this game unique, a truely great casual game!Pros:- Amazing design- Night mode for playing in the dark- Active developers who respond to feedback- New features added all the time like the gif you can make of your game- Features like sandbox and a map editor in the worksCons:- At present only a few levels, more will be added eventually- No audio, also soon!- There is a risk of the game becoming dull at some pointTL:DR: A great casual game, looks amazing!"
76561198101707338,Recommended,287980,17337697,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,maarten,"Wonderful! great design, addictive, seemingly simple yet very challenging. Absolute joy to play."
,Recommended,287980,17337930,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,☭oath2order☭,It's a simple yet challenging game. Love it.
,Recommended,287980,17755935,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,SunouCloud,This game is so fun when you just need to chill out and play a game. It's simple and can get difficult later on.I like to have music playing the background as I build my little transport link through the city.Really fun and relaxing game.
,Recommended,287980,17531882,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,bort,yeh its gut
,Recommended,287980,17626419,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,VirginityGaming {Cunny Funts},A great fun little puzzle game ;)
76561198130451159,Recommended,287980,17613009,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Red Dick,It is a great game for if you have a short period of time while waiting for something.
,Recommended,287980,17521125,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Bentozi7,This game is fun.And not to Hard or Easy (well it pretty hard when you have lots of stations).When you send enough passengers to their destations at a certain city you unlock other cities :D.
76561198088321922,Recommended,287980,17887373,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gamehead-Ste@m,Improved from a few months ago. Still not worth 6.99$ imo. Add more content.
,Recommended,287980,17887624,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Tanbark,Amazingly simple but fun game. Easy to understand but hard to master its currently one of ym favourite time passing games. Keep up the great work devs!
76561197970934800,Recommended,287980,17810554,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,{Goat} Dog on wheels,On Friday I downloaded Batman: Arkham Knight and Mini Metro. This weekend I have played 58 minutes of Arkham Knight and about 5 hours of mini metro. Enough said.A simple game that need little intrstuction - 5 minutes to learn how to play. Great visual style and ambient music that reacts to your actions in the game. Minimilst interface with some nice touches between menus.Well worth the £4.99. Oh and be warned. It's highly addictive.
76561198026607781,Recommended,287980,17807941,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Elephunk,"Fantastic puzzle game! Great feel to it with very challenging, rogue-like gameplay."
76561197963134288,Recommended,287980,17813739,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,andyrew,"An awesome little puzzle game.Is it better to have a few large trains, or a larger number of smaller trains?To expand, should I get more lines, or more trains for my existing lines?Still loving this 10 hours in."
,Recommended,287980,17813657,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,John Smith,when it first started it was ok but now its very worth your money and time. its one of my favourite games.some could say its my favourite game. and you know what their right.
,Recommended,287980,17204660,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,hamenos,Best.Game.Ever
76561198012641931,Recommended,287980,17208319,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,SwayingTree,"This is an extremely simple, yet fun  game. Simple enough for almost anyone to play and enjoy, but yet also difficult enough to give most players a challange (unless you play on endless mode) which engages them for a fun time.Never before have i been so glad to see a monday morning."
,Recommended,287980,17209794,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,forestofallusion,"Ever sit on a subway or metro train and get lost in the map, well they made it a game.  No hand holding, the game just throws you onto the map it is up to you to decide where passengers will go, and what the shortest route can be.  It is a game where you can think you have it completely under control, then you lose because of station overcrowding.  Picked it up today on a whim and the overwhelming response, and I am addicted.  I have only played for 2 hours but I can see this one clocking a lot.  Plus, it's still early access, I cannot wait to see what other fuctions they will add for a bit more depth.  Stop reading reviews and buy this."
,Recommended,287980,17211345,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Moza,Fun
,Recommended,287980,17211433,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Jukola,I can imagine my self killing time with this little game for hours and hours. Simply addicting!
76561198025198303,Recommended,287980,17215423,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,chatusripitak,"Beautifully simple, easy to learn, and just as easy to get addicted to."
76561198014575248,Recommended,287980,17195488,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,thalesfer,"Mini Metro is a fun little game that is easy to play and hard to master. In its abstract ways, is a superb simulation of subway planning and should be played by anyone who likes puzzles, city planning, games, oranges, pizza or ice cream. So that's basically everyone."
76561198089121571,Recommended,287980,17196399,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Clockwork,"Minimalistic, Simple Game design, Really fun"
,Recommended,287980,17196905,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Technicality,"I have not played a lot of this game.But for the time I've played it, it has:-driven me insane-made me hate geometry more than math class or Dashing-made me dream of circles filling with smaller shapes10/10"
76561198057300196,Recommended,287980,17197433,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Soot Sprite,"If you like the idea of creating a rail system to take a triangle to another triangle across two whole rivers, then this game is for you!Seriously, it's a great little strategy game to throw some time into."
,Recommended,287980,17200668,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,BOOGEYMAN THE BAD@$$,Have you ever felt like playing a game while watching a movie and/or not getting too engrossed into a new game. This game is for you. Its very challenging and rewarding but literally days of fun. One thing that I would think would be cool is like a head-to-head match like in bloons td where you go against an opponent.
,Recommended,287980,17201361,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Sir J. Reginald Groatsworth III,Great time-waster!
,Recommended,287980,17201885,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Darni,"Mini Metro's in Early Access, so what I say in this review might change. Nevertheless, I hope it stays relevant!When I first got Mini Metro, I assumed it'd be similar to games like Train Simulator, or SimCity. And it is, to a certain extent. But it also isn't. Mini Metro is packed with a very minimal design, a beautiful colour scheme, and a very intuitive interface. It just looks... smooth. It opts for a very clean, non-distractive interface, which is welcoming for a casual game to play."
,Recommended,287980,15292440,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Mika_Haqty[0],"UA Гра дуже спокійна, цікава більше для смартфонів, ніж ПК.RU Игра очень спокойная, интересная больше для смартфонов, чем для ПК.UK / USA The game is very quiet, interesting more for smartphones than PC."
76561198038434229,Recommended,287980,17432546,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,hungn3,"So simple, so elegant, and SO, SO addicting.  The leaderboard makes you competitive and try to out-do other players!  It isn't quite the same level of ""optimizing"" a game like SpaceChem, since there is randomness in this, but it is absolutely a blast to try and move more and more passanger."
,Recommended,287980,17497099,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Kiss My Math,Its very Fun cant wait till its not an early access game!
,Recommended,287980,17503813,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Founder,"Great game! I started playing in the morning, where did the sun go?"
76561198054309757,Recommended,287980,17504949,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,ian.silver67,"Here is proof you don't need Unity5 to make a GREAT game.It looks a little like the 1970's Atari tennis - but with colour and  A LOT more little blocks moving around. It is essentially a join the dots resource management game - which sounds demeaning but it is not, this is a challenging, fun and addictive game. As the player you get a number of locomotives, carriages, lines and few other goodies with which to build an efficient underground/subway/U-Bahn in a variety of large ciities across Europe, Asia, America and Africa.Passengers mass at stations. They want to go to other stations that match their shape (triangulasr passengers want to go to traingular stations), easy enough but there are quite a few shapes. If to many passengers crowd a station the whole transport system collapses - game over. To move these people you put locomotives on the line, busy lines may mean you have to place extra locos (up tp 4 per line) going in both directions. You only have a limited number of lines and locos which have limited space so.....well you know how these things work. Intersecting train lines, tunnels under rivers and the appearance of specialised stations (hospitals for example) add to the challenge. It's all about getting people out of the system quickly so you can load the next one onto a train and get rid of him to. The problem is the more efficient your train system, the more peole want to use it, so.....well you know how these things work.More stations appear on the map over time, meaning at times a total redesign of track routes etc may be needed.The game is not finished (for example as of writing this, audio is not quite ready), but it is stable and VERY playable - but as I said one of those addicitive 'I'll play just a bit longer"" games that ends up filling your evening."
,Recommended,287980,18625985,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,tcelvis,Warning! A lot more adictive than it looks like.
76561198021956364,Recommended,287980,18706594,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,querto123,"This game is great for realxing and for doing in your spare time, doesn't take a huge amount of time to get started and is loads of fun."
,Recommended,287980,18756728,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Gattsu,"Accomplished what Coderre cannot, built a metro line out to the West Island of Montreal.10/10"
76561198258304608,Recommended,287980,18842285,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,median.voter,"Fantastic game play, quite easy to get addicted."
76561198026144808,Recommended,287980,18938061,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,cosmon,Very good!
,Recommended,287980,18941014,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Deltasquint,"Beautiful in its simplicity.  Recommend anyone give it a try, for the price you can't be disappointed."
,Recommended,287980,18941324,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Magic,"Found this game while browsing YouTube and i knew this is exactly the type of game i would play, it reminds me of prison architect with its minamalistic feel. In the game you take control of a city metro that starts easy but than can get progressively harder, it could have gone well with the simulator route, but i think it does more justice with the simple and easy way they have done it.Pros-Minamalistic UI and Design-Easy to Understand-LeaderboardsCons-Needs more cities-Sometimes too simple."
76561198033322086,Recommended,287980,18942890,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Mae,Very fun and addicting.
,Recommended,287980,18915121,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,SanjiX,ما فيه إحترام باسنجر؟
76561198110765264,Recommended,287980,18925736,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Chromaxe,A frustratingly brilliant game which I keep coming back to.
76561198098730482,Recommended,287980,18932022,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,alkali.lake,"I highly recommend this game. It's really, really addictive and so simple yet challenging.The goal here is simply to keep your city's (from which there are quite a few to choose from) subway running. And by running this game means business, you can't just connect locations and hope the passengers don't crowd the stations, but you gotta react to the needs of the people, meaning where do people want to go from this spot and manage efficient lines.After playing this game I can finally appreciate what those architects in London accomplished. Before I always wondered (aka complained) about how many times one had to change lines simply to get from spot A to B, but now I finally get it. Life ain't easy for engineers when everyone wants to get everywhere in no time at all without ever having to walk.And in case any of the developers read this; having pedestrian walkways between stations in this game would really be awesome, you know, so you don't have to connect stations by tube, but could simply put shortcuts for passengers in the game, so maybe someone would actually take ten steps instead of crowding my circle lines. Sure, not likely many people would walk those ten steps, but not entirely impossible. I've seen people do it."
,Recommended,287980,18928713,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,MySmilie,"This game is simple, easy to grasp and is addicting. I only bought it today and I've already got 5 hours on the books. It's minimalistic, and as I said, easy to grasp and understand. It really is a game everyone should have in their library. It's a realazing causual game with nice, soft, music. 10/10 Love it!! :D"
76561198130265524,Recommended,287980,18928904,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Lion-o Richie,i like this game its simple but challenging.
,Recommended,287980,18922328,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,South Paw,Simplistic. fun to play. cheap. easy to work. plays nicely. graphics work well for it.
76561198066862121,Recommended,287980,18929763,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Genobe,"Simplistic on the surface, but really challenging once you get into it."
,Recommended,287980,18928506,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mattshutter,"Very addictive and strangely relaxing. It took me a good 30 minutes or so to work out what was going on, maybe I'm slow. I liked the lack of instruction. I look forward to unlocking the remaining stations. Basically this is a puzzle game not a million miles from Rymdkapsel on the iOS. The design and audio are flawless. Worth every penny so far!"
,Recommended,287980,18923959,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,~indigo~,Elegant and highly addicting. Great casual strategy game.
,Recommended,287980,18924696,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,byte0xFF,"This is a great little puzzle game.  Balance passenger demand with subway tubes, carriages, cars, and tunnels.Great game for 'chill-out' time, with calm music and crisp, simple visuals."
,Recommended,287980,18920982,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,cth328,The artwork is beautiful and minimalist. This game can get a little stressful when all the stations start opening up so be prepared. This is such a unique game and truly worth your money!
,Recommended,287980,14249038,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,donrutler,Much better now theyve added the music. great little game.
,Recommended,287980,13737541,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Suspicious Windmills,"Public Transport can be horrible. Especially trains. Most people say:""I can do a much better job at that!"" Well, lets see if you canThis is a game where you control the London underground, exept it's not always in London. It could be Auckland, New York or even Paris! The developers - Dinosaur Polo - are always open for ideas, so if you don't like something (how?) it would be fixed.The controls can be a bit dodgy, removing a station for example isn't as easy as it sounds. You get upgrades everySunday which allow you to:Add a carriage (max 3)Add a train ( max 3 I believe)Increase the amount of tunnels/bridgesAdd a line ( max 7, start with 3)and more!The game comes with 2 modes, with one coming soon:CommuterScenicRush hour (to be added)Commuter is the normal, standard, frustrating gameScenic, you can't lose. You get points by how many passengers use your metro per weekRush hour will probably be a ery intense commuter modeIn the game we have four types of stations:Circle (common)Triangle (uncommon)Square (rare)Special (very rare)Even though some are rarer then others, you will get at least one of these each game. The map is randomly generated however, so you never know where they will spawn.That should finish my review. I do reccomend this game and rating out of 100 would be:97.5/100"
,Recommended,287980,13772128,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,brad,"Though I've only played around 2 hours, I can say this game is immensely satisfying. Would recommend it."
,Recommended,287980,13772547,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,highwind,This game is really really unique and cool. I would highly recommend it!!! My friend was over the other day and he instatly bought it.
76561197996918637,Recommended,287980,13767989,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,byjimini,"I like this a lot - clean visuals, very easy to pick up and play, challenging - they've certainly hit all the right notes at this stage.Very interested to see where this will go. :)"
,Recommended,287980,13779184,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,❥НaarBeach [λ],Simple and Causal Game!
,Recommended,287980,13782030,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Alley,This is an absolutely glorious little game. I can see myself just wasting hours and hours watching those little trains run around in scenic mode. Also scenic mode is good because you can pull the whole map apart and start again. Fabulous. Commuter mode is a great mix of challenging and casual. You can look away for a few seconds and not be stressed that everything is going to blow up. I can't wait for sounds and music I just hope the music will ust amplify the whole casual feel this has got about it.
,Recommended,287980,13782493,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,jneil29,"This game can be summed up in a two words.Frustratingly Awesome.THe idea behind it is to create a mini metro network between stations, or shapes as they are in this game, and deliver the right shapes to their respective stations. The shapes will change trains, from one line to another until they reach their destination.You can stretch your lines aslong as you want, but be warned, doing so will decrease your abiltiy to collect passengers quickly as each line is limited to four trains.The challenge of the game is great, having to wait till the end of the week to top up your supplies is very challenging, especially when you get close to having all 8 lines running, those extra carriages can be lifesavers.I highly recommend this game, and if it can get any better Im eagerly awaiting the full release from the developers."
76561198010935226,Recommended,287980,13682904,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ragsta,Fun and addictive. It might seem very simple but it get's pretty hectic later. Could definitely see it as a popular game for mobile devices.
76561197993184345,Recommended,287980,13697456,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Banjobeni,"A great game so far. Challenging, in a lovingly abstract way. No mature game flaws discovered so far, but some crucial features like ability to save game are missing. But definitely worth a try!"
,Recommended,287980,13702975,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,marshee,"A fun little timefiller, looks like it could be very addictive,"
,Recommended,287980,13732698,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[TSB] BjornTHV,"Less is more, and that is definitely true for this game. It's a puzzle strategy where to use the available metro resources in order to serve every station, and every customer on those stations.I really enjoy this game in between boring stuff, just to get a little excitement.It's not a game one can play for hours on end, to try and try again, but it is an excellent change of pace and brainteazer to lighten up dull moments."
,Recommended,287980,13724710,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,/* ToAsT */,"A relaxing, but challenging game. Easy to pick up and play. Wish it had sound, but that's coming eventually.Transit system specific scenarios or challenges might be an interesting add in the future."
,Recommended,287980,13567575,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,:(){ :|:& };:,"Mini Metro is one of those games where simplicity counts. It's very easy to grasp in a few minutes, whilst you can waste hours at a time on it trying to get to the top of the leaderboard.Surely, it may be a bit boring for some, but for those like me who don't play RPGs and stuff like that, it's a brilliant game."
,Recommended,287980,13599590,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,chrisjgg,Ok so when I heard the concept of this game I thought it was a really stupid idea. I WAS WRONG!!!!! Concept is really simple but the game is incredibly challenging. Endless hours of fun and a great game to kill some down time at work or school. Highly addictive and very fun.
76561198094101098,Recommended,287980,13587404,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Drat,Perfect management game. Very addictive
76561197974940308,Recommended,287980,14588497,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dangit Bobby,"A neat little game. I would highly reccomend playing while listening to SimCity 2013 music, at least until the audio is fixed."
76561198173249075,Recommended,287980,14602912,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,fredjl.price,"I love this game, the minimalist style is beautiful. It is well designed and unique, in my experience.However, I have a few criticisms, that i think could help improve the depth and breadth of gameplay greatly.1. Customers using the transport system should be able to pay for its , for a price set by the player.This could generate income, too buy upgrades for the system.2. Statistics on how each line is performing, too anticipate traffic, capacity and demand.3. Allowing for the building of more than seven lines at a time, this is an arbitrary limit with little practical use in the game.4. Enabling lines to have multiple branches that diverge and converge with eachother.5.  What about multiplayer?"
76561198027849542,Recommended,287980,14603541,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,cbwjm,A surprisingly fun little time waster. Controls are easy although it took a while before I figured out how to unbind a station. Starts of with a handful of stations and grows until you have a massive mess of train lines that you are constantly looking to improve on and connect so that people are able to get from their circle station to the + sign in the far corner.I also can't help but think that this would also be a brilliant game for a tablet.
76561198083363022,Recommended,287980,13816494,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,markflucker,One of the best games I have ever played by far. It may look not that hard but trust me it can get so hard sometimes
76561198064371946,Recommended,287980,13816709,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,luckyhenry,"Nice looking, simple graphics. No large learning curve. Great game!"
,Recommended,287980,16468770,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kelsier,"Great game! Very simple concept, but also well executed. The aesthetic is very plain but I like it a lot, looks like a proper train map. Still in development, so there's no music yet (I'd prefer it if there was), but I just play my own music as I play and it's been great.Would definitely recommend this! It's great for a quick break, most games are only about 15min long (or maybe that's just because I'm not very good...)"
76561198124012964,Recommended,287980,16472909,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,mabolight,"liked it for the first 20 minutes when you're trying to decipher the game and learn it's logic...until you beat the game (which is not difficult to do), in which case your metro system will run perpetually and you're stuck watching your trains picking up passengers and dropping them off becausea) you can only build 7 lines and there are no more assets available beyond the city's saturation point andb) you just don't want to close the damn thing as it's just so satisfying looking at how everything runs so smoothly in equilibriumsome possible modifications - do away with city limits and make infinite expansion possible, more bonuses beyond saturation point, variety in types and behaviours of passengers etc.looking forward to the official game"
,Recommended,287980,16473159,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kelsin,"While very simple, this game is REALLY fun already. I can't wait to see what they keep adding!"
,Recommended,287980,16474822,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,xcran,:D
76561198153052675,Recommended,287980,16453025,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,xxAmberrrr,"Mini metro is an amazing game, at first I didn't knew what I had to do but when I knew I liked it instantly. I think the game is not so simple at all it's very hard to not get overcrowded stations. The game is very adictive but very cool!"
,Recommended,287980,16455675,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mark Skilton,"One of those great little games you can spend hours playing, and still keep going back for more.  Love it."
76561198056880047,Recommended,287980,16456478,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dugg,"A great little fun game, simple but addictive.Shame you cant have crashes though..."
,Recommended,287980,16457061,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The King of the North,"Simple yet difficult. Buy, Buy it now."
,Recommended,287980,16460638,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ThreeKnucklerKneeBuckler,Pretty Cool Gam
,Recommended,287980,16460733,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sparen of Iría,"Mini Metro is a novel and extremely addicting game where you, the player, create and map out a metro system! People want to get from one place to another, and you must allocate your resources effectively to address changing and developing neighborhoods, adding new lines and infrastructure while dealing with the immense amount of passengers.This game is really addicting and fun, even without the music. It's challenging but usually not challenging to the point that you give up in frustration. It's graphically well done, with appropriate aesthetics and a well-designed user interface. Overall, a great game that is a must for people who want to get a taste of actual city planning and infrastructure building."
76561198025167790,Recommended,287980,16462911,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Red Rover[NGC],"Was surprised at the <50MB download. Started playing it and it's about what it looks like, super simple, quick sim type game. Easy to play (it controls fairly well) and it's pretty fun. It's one of those games where you lose and tell yourself you're not going to make the same mistake again so you keep trying one more time until you've already missed work so you keep playing anyway. A week later you've lost your job and your wife and family have left you surrounded by food containers and jars of pee.It's great. 10/10Also, way better if you listen to something with it. It doesn't have audio yet.I suggest this. It'll help you relax as your life falls appart around you.http://mynoise.net/NoiseMachines/railroadNoiseGenerator.php"
76561197972469787,Recommended,287980,16444334,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Orac,"Devilishly simple, yet fiendish to master.Passengers attitudes can time out well before you get the chance to amend a line and re-route trains to their location, but this is a pretty realistic setting, and requires a lot of pre-planning and careful designs to avoid the buildups.This is a game I can come back to anytime, and not feel a sense of 'what was I doing last time'?Top game."
76561198004721369,Recommended,287980,16445346,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,手加減 Harvey,"What a wonderful little game. So simple, yet such depth."
,Recommended,287980,16446652,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Maximum Bird,There's achievements now? I shall resume playing! Damn this game for being clever and fun!
,Recommended,287980,16447322,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ISaL,This game is awesome! Feel guilty that a waited for it to go on sale now. Very polished for early access! Cant wait to see how it progresses.
76561198035674322,Recommended,287980,16198347,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,R4 Online,Really great puzzler. I now feel sympathy for my local transit.
,Recommended,287980,16199370,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Dingwall,oh mygod
,Recommended,287980,16188449,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Yuinova,Make the trains run on time.
76561198015526037,Recommended,287980,16177097,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,mrxak,"I don't know why, but I just love games about making dots move on lines. I own many such games and Mini Metro is the one best right now. The dots on these lines come in different shapes, which is exciting, and the lines can be controlled entirely by the player, with some restrictions. Seeing your dots move efficiently rather than piling up is very gratifying.What makes this game particularly clever, in the dots-on-lines genre, is that the dots represent passengers and the lines connect between stations on real world city geographies. The game can be very challenging, but in a very fun sort of way. There are decisions to make along the way and I feel like these are very important decisions. Don't forget you can always remove and rebuild lines when you find yourself struggling. What was most efficient at the start of the game may not be the most efficient halfway through.I would recommend this game. There are bugs, and it's Early Access, but it's fun."
76561198031397287,Recommended,287980,16333917,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,haijikai2,The simple look of the game completely obscures the utter genius of it!  This Mini sim is like the Mine-Sweeper of the early 21st Century in how well it can suck you in and challenge you to get better and better!
,Recommended,287980,20169188,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ieb,I enjoyed OpenTTD many years ago and this game caught my attention when I am doing the daily queue.Interesting and strategic.Really worth its price :)
76561198043627710,Recommended,287980,20167310,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,HappyLeech,"MAN OH MANWhen I watched the vid for this game I was interested, but I wasn't sure what the game would be like.Then it was on sale.Then I had to buy it and play immediatly.I love it, even if I sit there and have to decide: New line, carrage, or bridge/tunnel?"
76561198013800811,Recommended,287980,20048133,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FearOfTerriers,Every level starts off feeling so chilled but always end in watching it fall apart. It's the kind of game to pick up and play for twenty minutes. It has a crafted minimalistic feel; exactly enough of everything and no more.
,Recommended,287980,20077094,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,brianbcdefg123,"Mini Metro is a minimalistic casual game that's great fun. The goal is simple: you manage a subway system starting with only three stops, and see that it succeeds as the number of stops grows. Rather than being a subway simulator, the game is a simplified, more gamey version of that. Each week, you get additional resources (extra subway lines, passenger cars, etc.) to help you. The passengers keep coming faster and faster, stops will gradually be added or changed, and when you get too many passengers for too long at one stop with your limited resources, you lose! Each game is perhaps 10-30 minutes depending on how good and how thourough you are (you can pause time to lay down lines more strategically at any time). There are a couple different modes to change how difficult the game is. The gameplay is fairly addictive, and the acheivements add interesting new challenges to each level. Hopefully the Overwhelmingly Positive review rate also makes you give it a look.Also, it's great to play on a tablet!"
,Recommended,287980,16512628,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TT,"A fantastic game about the struggle of building a functional subway network in an expanding city. Real cities like Paris, Hong Kong, New York and many more offer unique challenges."
76561198034891738,Recommended,287980,20070172,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Red0Max,a tidy little game that will consume your life if you let it
,Recommended,287980,20026103,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,puchat3k,Great title to just zone out and build. Like a very simplistic Transport (or Railroad) Tycoon - in the best way possible.
,Recommended,287980,20061531,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dinnersQuadron,"Do you like drawing lines, soft ambient sound effects, and urban planning?Then Mini Metro is just the game you need when you need a break from games involving actual serious urban planning. It's definitely a puzzle game, not a transport sim, but the sight of the little abstract metro trains gliding back and forth on the pleasantly coloured lines is still incredibly satisfying.The game challenges you to get all the geometric passengers to their matching destinations, and rewards you with additional tools at the end of every ""week"" in-game. Mini Metro is a fantastic, casual way to pass the time, but also includes several achievements that provide fascinating challenges within the scope of the game's easy-to-remember system of rules."
76561198045840468,Recommended,287980,20056113,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Faiz Ali,A simple strategy game both casual and hardcore players can get into.
,Recommended,287980,20261040,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Itsobri,"I was drawn in by the look and style, along with my love of civic themed sim games. I thought I met get a couple of hours of gameplay at most.I was wrong.This game is great! Some of the achievements are tough to do, and there is always the desire to do a little bit better, last a little longer and a little bit cleaner that keeps me coming back."
,Recommended,287980,22490942,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,prOtep,"This isn't an urban planning game like SimCity. Your only objective is to ensure that stations don't get too filled (unless you're in Endless mode).However, if you are into transportation and moving shapes from beginning to destination, this game is for you.The design is extremely low-key, and the noises each action makes is extremely soothing although the planning (especially on the higher difficulty) will drive you bonkers.I recommend playing this game if you're into minimalist puzzles and need something that you can play in 10 minutes or an hour."
,Recommended,287980,22476847,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,snorski,very nice little game... simple yet challenging.......some very annoying residual sound though so recommend playing it in quiet mode with some good music n the background :)
,Recommended,287980,22453065,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,&Y™,"If you're a regular city commuter, you've encountered one of the maps here. It's a cheerful take on public transportation where you get a sense of how hard these systems are to manage.Fun, novel gameplay. Tough, rewarding achievements. Wish it was more popular than it is!9/10"
76561198279058464,Recommended,287980,30722692,Posted: 25 March,all,Juji,"1:Genre(5/5)Since it is just a pass-time, strategy game, it fits its genre really nicely. I was surprised at how addicting this minimalistic game is.2:Gameplay(4/5)Simple and easy to learn, with a sort of tutorial at the beginning. The online scoring system and your private scores will always make you want to improve yourself, and the daily challenges just add to that.Its not too complicated and not to easy, you feel how you get better every game.There are however still some minor buggs, concerning the online-ranking and sometimes its a little complicated moving the right track, when there are to many in one place.Since I have had the game, there have been many bugg-fixes, so I believe that pretty soon there wont be a problem with the online-content anymore.3:Story(1/5)No story, other than maybe the different locations, and there could be a couple more of those. Of course this game doesn't need a story.4:Playtime(5/5)You can easily play this game on and off again for 30h or more, if you like it.5:Graphics&Sound (3/5)The graphics are nothing special, and there could be more difference between the maps, other than background color and riverform.The sound is very calm, and eventhough there is just one ""song"" it doesnt really get annoying, allthough I quite like that I can play music in the background while playing this game, since I dont have to concentrate on the sound in the game.Overall: (3.6/5)A nice game, to calm down, just pass some time or if you want, play it for hours to beat your highscores."
,Recommended,287980,21829217,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Hooli,"This game is beautifully presented and designed. I have never been both so calm and full of anxiety at the same time before. The game offers hours of replayability, and enough depth to keep things fresh. I honestly wish there was a mobile version, it feels like it would benefit greatly from a touch interface."
76561197980079138,Recommended,287980,21750496,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Whoopz,"A fun little casual game, that is actually quite addicting and can be competitive at times.I could easily find myself pulling this up at work, it proves that games doesnt always need good craphics to be good.My primary complaint would be that I would like to see some more maps, so far theres 12 within the game.I would be interested to see what kind of maps the community could come up with, personally I would like something like thishttp://i.imgur.com/a3w4Vxw.jpghehehe."
,Recommended,287980,21816824,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,The Shostakovich,"The subway train drivers don't go down the same line U-Turning, U-Turning, holding the people on board hostage, like Simcity 5.They actually let them off.11/10"
,Recommended,287980,22358202,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Gingerrific,"Great little game to pass the time, well worth the price. Quick and easy to learn yet challenging enough to keep you coming back"
,Recommended,287980,22427172,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,iGo,"Lines, lines, lines."
,Recommended,287980,22134197,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,RigorousSchism,"Simple, fun, and easy to play. This game is a great example of a well designed experience. Check it out!"
,Recommended,287980,22322555,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,winona,"this game is deceptively simple, but incredible. very replayable, well-worth the relatively high price imho"
76561198061658054,Recommended,287980,22319173,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Chedi,This is a great little puzzle game that can frustrate the hell out of you when all you want is anything but a circle to pop up and..... another circle pops up next to all your other circles and well.... that sucks. But enjoyable to try different strategies and trying to beat your high scores. Big thumb up in the air.
,Recommended,287980,22236315,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Attic,No anxiety in your life? Unable to cope with your sense of peace and control? Look no further! Start playing Mini Metro and be cured today!Brilliant design - simplicity itself. Just like a good safe. Bloody difficult to crack.
76561197997613290,Recommended,287980,22266822,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,[FR] Dr. Von Braun,Great minimalistic scoring game.Easy to understand. Good soundtrack. Several cities with different twists.Simple at first and becomes harder the further you go.
,Recommended,287980,30760405,Posted: 26 March,all,Jajooj100,"fantastic,and simple >its not that game """"you must buy"""" but its good<"
76561198011957855,Recommended,287980,22341481,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Balsaboy,"Great game. Really fun and just challenging enough to make it enjoyable. Not sure how I'll find it in 5-10 hours time, can see it getting a bit repetitive eventually but for now I'd fully reccomend it, especially at the price it's on sale for!"
,Recommended,287980,21711490,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,aDD33,A nice relaxing game. It has a good amount of levels with different maps (cities). It's a bit challenging and well-made. I like the fact that you have to play with bridges and not always the same type of trains depending on the city. I always go back playing it and i always have fun.
76561198024924509,Not Recommended,287980,21424823,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Azijn,"Although I've played it a fair bit over the past few days, I can't fully recommend Mini Metro.It uses the theme of a subway and subway map, but the experience of drawing subway lines doesn't feel close to that.New nodes pop up sort of randomly and every day the subway gets a little busier, until a single station gets overcrowded. The mechanics, such as not being able to cross your own tracks, except at a station, and the fact that every train *must* stop at each connected station, make it hard to recreate traditional subway lay-outs, such as local vs. express trains.In the end, Instead of a making a system that's easily navigable, you're optimising it for mathematical constraints, and often end up with a sytem that's incredibly gerrymandered and Kafkaesque, rather than something a sane person would want to navigate.The result is that  during too few moments do you feel that you're running a public transport system, even in the abstract. It ends up a, somewhat interesting, puzzler where you're trying to optimise for mathematical constraints with a little ""transport sauce"" poured over it.Although the various maps have their own little quirks, almost none of them display true character, nor do the differences affect gameplay much, with possibly the exception of Osaka, where you get the use of ""Shinkansen"" trains. As a result, as it is, Metro Mini hardly makes a difference  playing London, Sao Paulo or any other city. You could just as well be playing on some randomly-generated map.All-in-all: an abstract puzzler with some limited appeal, but best avoided if you want some semblance of realism.Overall: 5/10The designers should've either gone for more realism, or ditch all the references to real-life and keep it a fully abstract puzzler. Now fans of neither genre get what they could have had."
,Recommended,287980,18882746,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Gabri9760,FABULOUS. Simply and clearly FA-BU-LOUS.
76561198015280894,Recommended,287980,30716288,Posted: 24 March,all,FunnyDan78,"This game drives my OCD through the #$@!&%^ roof.... yet, its oddly satisfying!10/10. Super addicting, challenging, and just straight up fun!// I hope they continue to add more maps; particularly Boston, which, infact, has the first ever Metro system in the world. //"
,Recommended,287980,21591246,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Duke_of_Jam,"Honestly just a brilliant game. Drawing train lines is cathartic and intuitive, and the strategy of managing your growing web of tunnels, trains and tracks is highly engaging. Nice low price, low system requirements, and hours of fun. Couldn't recommend this game any more. :)"
,Recommended,287980,21650098,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Quaker Oats,"Great for the casual, great for the hardcore player."
76561198263156187,Recommended,287980,21646922,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Freak-of-Games,"Mini Metro starts out seemingly simple and easy, leading you to believe that with its minimalist art style that it will be a breeze to beat. Then you keep getting farther and farther into the game and the real challenge begins. Its relaxing, but frustatingly fun.If you have time to spare, I would definitely suggest you play this game."
76561198141011195,Recommended,287980,21631667,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Efan0,"I've owned this game for a fairly long time.And even though I may have not played it so much, that is because I was waiting for more features to be added. Im happy to say, Im glad I supported this game early, as the developers have done a good job at updating the game. Also the game continues to be fairly fun."
,Recommended,287980,21479037,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,BigCroggerDogger,Thoughtful. Difficult. Intriguing.
76561198258657052,Recommended,287980,21860222,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,V. V. Emmanuel,Purified brain candy. Absolutely worth full price.
76561198008987774,Recommended,287980,21860227,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Sassy Stormtrooper,A great challenging puzzle/strategy game that will leave you enjoying your frustration for hours on end.
76561198071030980,Recommended,287980,21856382,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,HardcoreFisticuffs,I honestly don't understand how a game can be so relaxing yet equally nerve wracking. It's amazing.
76561198011409584,Recommended,287980,21822845,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Morty,"Elegantly simple, yet quite deep. This game has quite a lot of depth for something that appears so simple in the beginning. Soundtrack is really good too."
76561197993315064,Recommended,287980,21849029,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Sayrthara,"This is one of the best dynamic puzzles I've ever came across. Brilliant visual design, complexity with just a few elements, a total must have."
,Recommended,287980,17792083,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,BBinCairo,"The simplest, prettiest, and most-addictive drag-and-drop game ever."
76561197997366624,Recommended,287980,17789957,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,xXAkirawind0Xx,The game is really interesting and additive first houre of the game really fun
,Recommended,287980,16798914,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Ferada,"Very slick presentation, night mode, awesome."
,Recommended,287980,16804698,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Uranium51,"I had never believed that this game was worth 6 bucks, but it did.I had never believed that this game was fun on PC, but it was.I had never believed that I would buy the game, but I did.I had never believed that I would have spent more than 10 hrs on it, but I had."
,Recommended,287980,16804947,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,asianturtlefrenzy,This game though simplistic at first looks is actually a very indepth game with strategy and managment skills a must included with multiple maps the fun never ends also you get to be a train master
76561198120531212,Recommended,287980,16805445,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,forsakenwarrior007,"Wow, great game. In the first few tries you just get the hang of things and you're proud you made it for a good minute. But then you start craving for more and more passengers. You find new strategies and ways to improve your mini metro, setting your goal to a higher standard every time you play from 100 passengers to 300 to 1,000... it never ends, and eventually you get hooked=Well worth it, have fun."
76561198111158218,Recommended,287980,16684593,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DHopSupreme,"Wildly simple, inexplicably fun, especially for more casual gamers."
,Recommended,287980,16695563,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Papa Smurf,Very simple and funny game with potential. I think it could be used for education of optimization. It will improve logic thinking about how to connect nodes and make it effective with increased population waiting to transport between nodes. Bad side of this game is availability to hack lines which can help people to retransform lines without any cost.
76561198128194050,Recommended,287980,16653174,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nintendo Fanboy Jeff,"It is so good casual game but needs more location like Istanbul, Kiev, Atina, Munchen, Tokyo, Bejing, Rome and Boston."
,Recommended,287980,17876182,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Captain Fatbelly,"Amazing game, the idea of the game is so ingenius! Keep up the great work Dino Polo Club!10/10"
,Recommended,287980,17922685,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,drandall42,Mini Metro uses simple controls and a minimalistic design to create a fun and rewarding game that even the causual gamer can enjoy. The challenges that each level introduces are enjoyable and the overal concept is good!
76561198106484275,Recommended,287980,16571460,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dizzolvd,"It's a very simple game, I'll give it that. This game mostly catered to me because I'd always been fascinated with subway maps. The order yet complexity of them, especially in larger cities, was something I could easily get lost in.Mini Metro, although still in development, shows excellent AI with the subways. I assumed it was difficult to program in all of the different rails at all of the different connecting stations, let alone the interchanges.My only problem with it was that the lines didn't look as clean as I'd hoped, especially since this game relies fairly heavily on maintaining a ""Realistic subway map"" design. Other than that, this game is very well made, and I would easily recommend it."
,Recommended,287980,21066631,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Santander,Great puzzle game that doesn't try to overreach into sim territory but manages to capture some of the character of its cities at the same time.
,Recommended,287980,21057410,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Blind Captain,"Simple: Draw metro tracks and choose how many trains go to each. No budgets, no construction time, etc.Calming: In normal mode, you lose once the metro stations start getting backed up. This prevents the game from getting hectic which makes it a nice game for destressing. It also has a minimalist interface with a calm sound scheme.Complex: While you could play it as a casual game, it's not merely a ""casual"" game. When I first started, I played it like a casual game. ""New station pops up? I'll connect the nearest metro line to it. It'd look a lot prettier if the line was more symmetrical."" You can do that, but you score in the bottom 25%. Then I realized, there is actually a ton of strategic depth to this game despite its casual appearance. Each time I play I realize new strategic factors in things that seemed like they didn't matter before. Now I'm in the top 10%. So, I think it's fair to saying it's more than a casual game. You can play it ""casually"" but you can also play it ""seriously"", analyzing every tiny detail."
76561198079076493,Recommended,287980,21061274,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Redeyeswolfman,It really simple and easy to play (I know many people may have said this already). I reccommend this to for a easy pick and play game for late nights and relaxsing gameplay.
,Recommended,287980,21096725,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,ClamPunch,Great puzzle/RTS game...and it has trains!
,Recommended,287980,21100373,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ragamuffin,Fun to play for that spare half hour you get in the day. I have lots of those.
76561198201271111,Recommended,287980,21100817,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Tuman,"This is the 5th game I've got finished on Steam Plf. Ah, it's so easy, simple, but some intelligence required, BTW, u can also combat OL with other users every day.  Enjoy!!!"
,Recommended,287980,21099762,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Dr Spaceman,"Great game. It's easy to pick up and very addictive, if you're into system builders. It'll also run on your calculator."
76561198040678916,Recommended,287980,21097914,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,SH33P,"Do you remember the toddler game where you put shape blocks in its matching hole?  Same thing here, but instead of using your hands you use trains!"
76561197991556696,Recommended,287980,21111796,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,jiggsy76,Great replayability.  Frustratingly engaging.  Simply brilliant game  Well done!
,Recommended,287980,21067182,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Lithium Bomb,"I'd recommend this game to my grandma, my father, my little brother, and to you.There is literally no age restriction to this.And quite frankly, it's a nice time killer disguised as a casual game where you can create a metro train system and take care of public commuters going from one destination to another."
76561198040488599,Recommended,287980,20912235,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,takezo689,"9/10As mentioned elsewhere, this is not a subway or transportation simulator, but it is an excellent puzzle game. You connect different points on a map to each other, and watch the trains carry passengers from one point to another. If a station becomes overcrowded you lose. It's very simple in premise and execution, but therein lies the charm. Each level provides a unique challenge.Pros:Simple, clean design.Good for short gaming sessions. (5-10 minutes)Different strategies can be implemented.Cons:Perhaps too simple for some; there is only one thing to do in the game.A bit pricey for such simplicity.I would recommend this game, but it's not everyone's cup of tea."
,Recommended,287980,20927079,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,AlabamaAngyl,"This great little indie is VERY addicting. Simple interface, yet eloquently beautiful. I see this as a possible triple AAA, best selling indie, if given the right market. Can't wait to see what other games this developer comes up with in the future! A+"
,Recommended,287980,20923016,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,The Oncoming Darkness,"Aah, Mini Metro. Everything about it is incredibly simple, and that is what makes it elegant. It's really beautiful in its simplicity, and you can lose a proportionally large amount of time to it (it's one of those ""has it been two hours ALREADY?"" games). However, it may be a little TOO simple; don't expect to have many hours on it for a while. On the whole, though, I would reccommend it. It's a nice, relaxed little game in the midst of incredibly intense experiences like Battlefield and Call of Duty. A good repose."
,Recommended,287980,20961186,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,alfreddy4,"OMG, I love this. This combines my love of simulation with my love of trains with my love of simple design. This is a great game to test your brain and pass time. Highly recommended!"
76561198080530260,Recommended,287980,21004238,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,baconbits52,"Not much I want to say about, just sit back, play and enjoy."
,Recommended,287980,21005242,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ackahanovitch,"A wonderful simple way to pass the time. This game keeps getting better with each release. Very stable, easy to learn and yet remains challenging all the time."
76561198118320598,Recommended,287980,20998473,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Marxinator,"This is a game that anyone can play. Thats not to say its easy, there is plenty of challenge in building a minimetro, and surviving the onslought of hundreds of passengers, but this game is elegant in a way few games can ever achieve. Setting up the difficulty in the form of a survival mode is brilliant. Definitely worth the money if you are looking for a more relaxed (But still deep) experiance."
,Recommended,287980,21077408,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,jarcionek,Quite enjoyable mini game. It's a kind of game that you can see in the browser done in flash. Offers a few hours of fun.
76561198017211944,Recommended,287980,21151365,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,=TAC= Sweno_Curns,A game for the medatative optimizer in all of us. A relaxing game that uses minimal graphics to convey just enough information and get out of your way. I would have never thought that laying out and re-routing train paths would be so much fun.
76561198263797000,Recommended,287980,21155301,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,cocainforest,so creative and cool game
76561198133243077,Recommended,287980,20638728,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,andrew_tupper,Simplistic - yet challanging.
76561198057102263,Recommended,287980,20645934,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Pepe The Ram,10/10 Yea i like to draw line and make the rectangles go vroom!
76561198056241471,Recommended,287980,30681432,Posted: 23 March,all,alindhor,"very addictive, pretty arbitary scoring, not ""skill"" dependant,  pretend like it matters anyways and play it nonstop"
,Recommended,287980,20714028,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,blue_meany20,Love the simplicity of the design.Love the slow build to chaos.
76561198126365151,Recommended,287980,20531051,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,pennetom,"The sound gets a bit grating after a while, but otherwise a very nice, ""zen"" type of game that still manages to be challanging."
,Recommended,287980,20531363,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,zambas,beats freecell.
,Recommended,287980,20590312,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[NAA] ItsNickBruh,"Mini Metro I first saw on Youtube and I had to play it. It may seem basic from the screenshots but hours can pass and you'll be so happy you spent your time on this game it has many intriguing aspects to this game you may not see at first, like the daily challenges that have a dynamic leaderboard and different difficulties. In this game you can't wait to get to the end of the week to get new matierials to use in the game. This game is great for the price tag of $9.99 and was a great and non-regrettable buy. -10/10 would have my stations loaded at maximum capacity again."
76561198024412208,Recommended,287980,20574342,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Asym!,Probably the most addictive game in my library. Works great on tablets/Win10 for passing time.
,Recommended,287980,20578087,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,guilo waifu,"This is a really interesting concept for a game, and it's an enjoyable puzzle. I really like the simple graphics and the challenge involved with connecting all the different stops and getting people where they want to go. Not too sure what to say but I decided this game deserved a good review from me."
76561198033809651,Recommended,287980,20573129,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,hungry.fish,"Soothing music, just enough pressure to get you interested and hooked up on the game, but not frustrated. Fun graphs of your performance as the mini metro network manager. And replay videos, which are always a great way to recap on a level."
,Recommended,287980,20576580,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,el_pidgeotto,"I don't know why it's amazing, but it's amazing. Play it."
,Recommended,287980,20596454,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[P4F] FluX,"A cute little game for 30 minutes, or 30 hours. Depending on your style and what you like to play."
76561198044361905,Recommended,287980,20481605,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Lucidly Awake,"A cheap, simple train simulator, not much can be said about it."
,Recommended,287980,20477161,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,benjiMeister,"This game gave me a psychologically ingrained hatred of circles.Jokes aside, this is a neat, relaxing game that starts off slow placed but keeps you very busy once you are frantically rearranging lines to not have your stations overload. A nice game to just relax and play for 15 minutes at a time, definitely worth a cheap price."
76561198055482643,Recommended,287980,20653047,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Lurjoe,"Great little time waster, with addictive gameplay, interesting levels and progression, and nice leaderboard and daily challenge features. For its low price (I picked it up on sale for a few bucks) you can get many hours of simple and challenging gameplay."
,Recommended,287980,20656828,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Race(imaztion),"Quite a challenging bit of fun. Great brain exercise, though I do wish the stations wouldn't group by shape..."
76561198272065211,Recommended,287980,20636763,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,atis,"Architects don't think this is realistic (at least the ones I asked).Graph theoreticians don't appreciate the UI (at least the ones I know).Puzzlers range (at least the ones I watched) about some minor AI flaws (no one would notice in endless mode).So this doesn't suit as planing tool, it's not built to teach graph theory and the first idea in development was certainly not to have a competitive high-score.Why the recommendation? Because as a game it's awesome! The GUI is incredibly simple and intuitive. I tested it on people who aren't familiar with computers and they mastered the interface within a couple of minutes without help. I tried this game on people who like casual games, and they became addicted.This game shows how much potential a few abstract symbols can have. It doesn't have much features, but the they are well used. I rarely try puzzles more than three times in a row, though here I don't seem to mind it at all - each time really feels different."
,Not Recommended,287980,19103054,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,VicFRF,"This game (in my opnion) is NOT fun. At all.The Free mode is not free, the normal mode is boring, and the hard mode is un-♥♥♥♥ing-fair"
,Recommended,287980,19162982,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DarthTorus,"For such a simple game, there is a lot of strategy packed into it. Minimalistic graphics prevent distractions from the real purpose of the game: create a subway layout that is efficient. Using only the three starting lines, you must adapt and quickly change based on where new stops open up. Easy to play, difficult to master. I like becauseupon opening the game for the first time, it puts you in control immediately. You must learn on the go.If you want easy to win, this isn't for you. While challenging, it is simple enough that anyone can pick it up in the matter of a few minutes."
,Recommended,287980,19145057,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Siah Sargus,Tetris for trains.
,Recommended,287980,20005837,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Shawn,"Mini Metro likely gets missed by people who think it's not quite a transport management game, and not quite a puzzle game. When it's actually a sweet spot right in the middle. I quite enjoy playing the daily challenge with a cup of tea. For me, this fits nicely into that, ""I have 20 minutes and just want to relax and play a bit of something good..."" niche."
,Recommended,287980,19945449,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,noplacelikechrome,Beautiful aesthetics and addictive gameplay built around a very simple concept. Definitely worth a play.
76561197968751200,Recommended,287980,19968012,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mugi-Chan,"Metro styled metro game? Brilliant! Amazing in it's simplicity.As a player, I love it. It seems simple, just connect the dots. At the same time it's challenging. I though I'd just try to do something in a different way and spent 2 hours redesining subway connections in just one city.As game developer I'm in ave. Graphics are absolutely simple, yet nice and informative. Every level, and every replay of each level is different which makes you come back for more.This is a game I come back to for 10 minutes of fun every hour or so ;)"
,Recommended,287980,19953089,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Redbreard242,"A fascinating and equally stressful and relaxing game. I respect city planners a lot more now. Elegant, simple and clean mechanics prove that you don't need much more than good art direction and mechanics to make a great game"
76561198271068367,Recommended,287980,19987273,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Svdwyer,Great Game
,Recommended,287980,19885382,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Some dude's medic,I'm just here because I don't actually see any reviewers with more hours than I have. Take that how you will.
76561198177878247,Recommended,287980,20016388,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,pickupsticks,"Simple to play, but each map soon gets complicated.Great interface that you don't even notice while you're playing.  Decent challenge.  Good variety between maps.Satisfying and engaging.Yes."
76561198065648228,Recommended,287980,20029193,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rishal,"This is not really a large game, but it is quite relaxing.7/10"
76561198272069971,Recommended,287980,20237583,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,canucksfan,"This is my type of game. It i simple yet fun. Along with the simplicity, i like the challenge the game puts at you. The goal of the game is to get the passangers of a certain shape to a station of the same shape. As a result, it is a good strategy is to make sure each train line doesn't travel through the same shape mutiple times or it could easily get overcrowed. The game, however, doesn't liketo make it easy and makes you have to have a train line go through many of the same shape stations in a row or makes you redesign your whole setup, and this happens frequently. WIth this, however, comes what I dislike. It is frustrating redesigning your setup because its hard to see how many cars are on each line. You could just take all the cars off and put them all back on after you are done designing, but it is also difficult trying to take the cars of the lines. Even without the train cars, its frustrating because you have to ""unwind"" your train lines if you want to redesign which is frsutrating. If the game had a easier way of designing your setup, this game would be perfect in my opinion."
76561198165740154,Recommended,287980,20273989,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,VOU TE DIBREI,Clever.
,Recommended,287980,20284943,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Arkyoptrix,Excellent game for realising you would never make it as an underground/subway system planner.
,Recommended,287980,20333842,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Fergo,"A casual game with a very good design approach. Can be quite repetitive after some time, but if you just want to kill some time, I surely recommend this game."
76561198035473528,Recommended,287980,20302449,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gandalf,Wow! What an addictive game this is. I love this. Will play till i die.Ma. I am in love with this game!
,Recommended,287980,20389106,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,kakka carrot cake,"It is very simple and very fun at that. It is very relaxing due to the nice colors and sounds. This game is really easy to pick up and play for 30 minutes in short spurts. The only complaint I have about it is that there are not that many levels, there are several and it will take at least an hour or two to beat the levels but I can think of at least a dozen more cities with metros that are not represented by the level progression."
76561198069030259,Recommended,287980,20363672,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ᅚᅚyew_stoopid,zen
,Recommended,287980,16871306,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,mmoran0032,"I started playing this game back when the beta number was in the single digits, and I have been very happy with how the development has progressed. The more recent changes (individualized cities being a huge change for the better) have been great without changing the game from its core.You lead the development of a single city's subway infrastructure to transport its citizens (circles, squares, triangles, and the like) to their desired station. Play starts off slowly, with passengers spawning quite slowly and you having a ton of resources at your disposal. Play difficulty (on the standard settings) quickly ramps up through the weeks to the point where you are just hanging on to your non-crowded stations...or you just lose because four stations go over the edge.You can also take the relaxing, almost theraputic route where you go for system efficiency. In this case, your upgrades come after reaching efficiency milestones instead of each week, but the goal is more relaxing to obtain.I'm looking forard to the soon-to-be-included soundtrack, which will finally make this a complete game (as much as I did like listening to movie soundtracks while playing)."
,Recommended,287980,16872063,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Illuminati-Reptoid,This  game takes a neat minimalist approach to the transportation sim genre. The rules are much simpler than any transportation sim I have played. If you are looking for a highly detailed sim this is not the game you are looking for.I like it.
76561198082515284,Recommended,287980,17152558,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,BingwenCho 性交,"Amesome puzzle game.  You think you're doing fine, train here train there but then WHOA!  you make a huge mistake and end up spending the rest of the game trying to fix it.  Then you play again don't make that mistake but then another arises.  It's an amazing colorful game to just sit back and relax while playing, maybe have some music in the backround because there is no sound yet but it is early access so eventually things like that should be added eventually."
,Recommended,287980,17135659,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ectal,"A delightful, meditative little game. Loads of fun and very nice to look at."
,Recommended,287980,17115814,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,gween tee,"Mini Metro is amazing value for money, for me at least. I have played 15+ hours so far and this game does something that not many other early access games do for me, it keeps bringing me back to see what’s new every month. It’s great for podcasts or just being in the background while you do something else in endless mode and also great if you want to really knuckle down and strategize. The art style is ok, nothing unique for a minimalistic game, but definitely not dull. The is no music and it has been promised since the game came out. To be honest, my play time will probably double with an amazing soundtrack. The leaderboard aspect of the game is great, should be a standard in most games in my opinion. The unlock system is actually pretty cool, they use the same formula for each tier of unlock, but the fact the dev realises the difficulty level of each map by the amount of things you have to accomplish really shows how much testing has happened behind the scenes and how much they pay attention to the data and the community which is refreshing to say the least nowadays. So I’m going to give this game a 7/10 purely because lack of music, otherwise a solid 9/10."
76561198093871698,Recommended,287980,17127374,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Grumknuckles O'Doom,"Addictively cool puzzle game.  Great concept, but still needs some polish.- Needs some help text to describe the various options and what they do.  The tutorial doesn't explain enough.  For example, what is an Interchange do exactly?- Seems to be a bit imbalanced in generation of riders, piling onto one stop while leaving others vacant withoutrhyme or reason.- Ridership ramps up a bit suddenly around week 9, not clear why- Not clear what the efficiency mode/score is.- Needs a quicker way to exit from the game.  Currently takes 3 clicks to find an exit."
,Recommended,287980,16932132,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,brodae,"Mini Metro is simple. Draw some lines, connect some dots, and make your own mass transit system. As your citizens become more complex, as do your challenges.But, simple doesn't mean easy or boring. The simplicity lends to the game's elegant aesthetic. There are different color schemes to match your preferences and even pander to the colorblind audience. ""Simply"" put, it's a beautiful game. Minesweeper is simple, but if you throw yourself on Expert and try to get a score under 60 seconds, you'll want to pull your hair out.It's already a smart, fun, and beautiful game that shows promise of ""taking you even farther"" with it's awaited final release."
76561197994403773,Recommended,287980,16932239,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Hazel,"This game is utterly addictive.   The perfectionist in me wants to build the ""perfect"" system.  The problem-solver in me views every city as a different puzzle to be solved.  The rapid but short gameplay keeps riveted to my seat without getting fatigued.   The leaderboard pushes me to try harder.   I love this game!"
,Recommended,287980,16936629,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,MGA10,"The games minimalist UI helps you focus on the strategy.  A very enjoyable game which you can pick up and play for a few minutes, or an hour.  Try their flash version on their website, then buy it because it’s worth the few dollars that they are asking for.  As of this review, audio isn't included, but their announcement states it's almost ready, which should add a nice polish to the game."
,Recommended,287980,17174464,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Sofie,"Simple, elegant and very addictive"
76561198056709869,Recommended,287980,18015178,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,pi,Great visually and very addictiong. Playability is awesome.
76561198087032101,Recommended,287980,18018641,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,eeriehowl,I hate circles now...Buy seriously buy this game its amazing
,Recommended,287980,18974138,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,KnoxVegas,"Lines, lines, lines, lines.  Not so sure why this game is so addicting, but it is.  BUY THIS!"
,Recommended,287980,18960826,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,GeminiViRiS,"I absolutely love this game. As a kid, I grew up with taking the metro in Washington D.C.  to visit the areas downtown. So now I get to make my own lines and help folks on their way to work, museums, or a restaurant. It feels very therapeutic coming up with a better strategy for every playthough; such as re-routing and upgrading the lines.Pick this up if you want a challenging but relaxing casual game to mess around in.You won't be disappointed."
76561198130052500,Recommended,287980,18136267,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,theATCguy,So simple yet so enjoyable and addictive. Best. Game. Ever
,Recommended,287980,18921038,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Mike,Fantastic little game. Very Addictive
,Recommended,287980,18921138,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Infernal_Byte,"Great game. Very simple, yet addicting.10/10"
,Recommended,287980,18920502,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Graydon,A fun minimalistic train game that is fun to zone out too.
,Recommended,287980,18923192,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Chase,"Phenomenal.  Takes a minimalist art style, the addictive fire only hopelessness can provide, and a great relaxing soundscape, puts them in a blender, and out comes a VERY well designed game.  Kudos to the developer on a unique experience."
76561197997820227,Recommended,287980,18923387,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Bonesaw,"Then suddenly... 2 hours gone. Bought this game because another review said that it was a fantastic casual game and I couldn't agree more. Challenging but not overly difficult. Easy to learn, certainly will be hard to master. What improvements to take when, how to organize and reorganize your lines, what stations to prioritize, etc etc. It scratches the right itch for a simple but deep puzzle game."
76561198051357087,Recommended,287980,14643148,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,baddicus,"You could really get hooked on playing this game. I would recommend this game to all the people who like Sim games. Sound support has now been added.The developers have stated a price increse is in the works, so get this game NOW.The game has gone live."
76561198049737626,Recommended,287980,19098190,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,marialupitadolores,Simple yet challenging. All levels become increasingly difficullt so actually gets your brain planning strategies. Love itt!
76561198007846266,Recommended,287980,19078058,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,seel,"This is an addictive game.  The interface is intuitive and the basics are easy, move people to the stops they want to go.  It starts off very manageable, but as the number and type of stops begins to grow, you need to adjust your lines and the trains and cars on those lines, to meet the demand.  And just when you've got it under control, more stops are added and you have to scramble to keep up with the complaining customers."
,Recommended,287980,11975903,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Mez,I'm not sure why this game is so addictive - but it is.  Looking forward to future updates.
,Recommended,287980,11813962,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,bwandyn,"$7 might seem like much for what is practically a iOS game, but the dedication and constant updates from the developer really make this a game to try out. Even The Walking Dead was ported to mobile, so it's not like this game doesn't have a place here.Mini Metroallows you to run your own metro system on minimalistic maps based on real cities such as London, Paris, and New York City. It's really just a drag-and-drop formula, but the more you play the more challenging it gets. The game doesn't end until your metro gets overcrowded and shut down, but this can even take a while for the simpliest of simpletons. Not even an hour in and I could feel the potential this game has.Pros (because a lot of people enjoy that):-The most casual, yet fun gameplay-Variety of cities and maps to play on-Leaderboards to make you feel bad as a beginner-Both Night modeandColorblind mode for visually impaired people sneaking on their PCs at midnight-Fairly open settings (Graphics, resolution, etc.)-Cities in Motion 2for people like me who can't runCities in Motion 2Cons:-The most casual, yet simple gameplay-No music (as of August 21, 2014 [8/21/14])-No train bombing scenarios-No inspirational get-man-out-of-train-tracks scenarios-No scenarios"
,Recommended,287980,11814015,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,bigsoxfan23,Great game. I just cant stop playing it. Its nice and relaxing but also makes you think.
,Recommended,287980,11815151,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,WhatF*ckRP,"A game with great potential.Well I would say that, presently speaking, this game is kinda boring actually. Controls are simple, just use your mouse to draw line between dots (representing stations). If any station gets overcrowded you lose the game. It's really about planning lines ONLY, unlike other sim games like SimCity of Cities in Motion where you can choose to place your own stations within the city. (In this game there is no image of the city AT ALL.) Here you dont get to choose where you build your stations. They pop-up randomly.DO NOT buy this game and think that you're playing SimCity.If the developer manages to add-in some other modes (like sandbox, where there is no ending with overcrowding), the game can be a great time-killer.It's a 2-D game so great for low-end PCs.I would give it thumbs up just for the possibility of future development."
76561197989757947,Recommended,287980,11815747,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Hydra,"An extremely good game. It's design is minimalistic, but easy to understand and informative. The only problem is random drops, which don't always give you the choices you want. But perhaps that's half of the challenge."
,Recommended,287980,11815845,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,drumersrule5,very addicting. fun little game
76561198070270496,Recommended,287980,11818429,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Alt+F4,"Excellent game. Beautifully designed, great UI, interesting concept, etc. I would surely recommend this to anyone looking for a puzzle game that won't make the fan on your computer sound like a screaming banshee. Also, beware the circles, you have been warned. I have yet to lose a game on a triangle or a square. Also, game devs, there are three cities I would love to see added as playable levels to the game: Washington, D.C., Los Angeles, and Chicago. All three have some sort of metro system in place."
,Recommended,287980,11773519,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,President Trump,"If you're at all like me, you enjoy indie games as much as ""big-box"" games. You are a casual gamer, but love your action FPS games too.I didn't know what to expect with this game... The trailer made the game seem very minimalistic, contained, and fast paced.When I opened the game for the first time, I was impressed at how the menus look and feel, and how they function. There are very creative things like having the cities to play in on a subway line, and other things like that.Playing the game is a little confusing at first but within 5 minutes of draging stuff arouns, you'll get the hang of it fast. I know I was hooked within the first 2 minutes!Overall, Mini Metro is a fun, fast-paced game with lots of potential to leave its footprint in the casual indie game world."
,Recommended,287980,11842852,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Rockerika,"Very simple and addicting game, looking forward to future updates. The only thing I would like to see change in future updates would be a redistribution of the rates at which the various shapes spawn. Circles spawn so much that it makes it impossible to distribute the shapes across your lines, leading to long stretches of circles that no passengers get off at. rebalancing them with triangles/squares and increasing them turning in to stars and pentagon shapes would make the game less frustrating while not making it easier.Overall very creative and recommended!"
76561198002990316,Recommended,287980,11836953,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,ko23,Addictive and very enjoyable. I really like the minimalist style.
76561197998276210,Recommended,287980,11837133,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,tarballz,Great puzzle game - mesmerizing and suprisingly difficult.
,Recommended,287980,11840213,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Polaris,"More than meets the eye, definitely a good game for a good price. And addictive too."
,Recommended,287980,11827239,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Leandersci,"This game was suprisingly fun. I had no idea that simple lines could be so entertaining. Although i think its a tad over priced, it is  a great game to play while watching TV or something. Its more of a game I would want on a mobile device but it works very well on this platform. 8/10."
,Recommended,287980,11828798,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,❤ HIME HIME ❤,"I love this game! For an early access game, this is very polished and well done, with simplistic graphics and a concept that is easy to learn, but practice and different techniques are required to get a high score.PROS:+Nice graphics+Good gameplay mechanics+Fun to play+Difficulty scales with time played in one game+Easy to learnCONS:-Some bugs with changing paths of a train-Not many levels (But it is in early access, so this is excusable)-Not much variation in strategies between levelsWHAT I WOULD LIKE TO SEE IN FUTURE VERSIONS:•Customizable levels with steam marketplace•A mode where you can't ever lose the game•Less shapes come in the night, and a burst at rush hour•Randomized levels•A mode where only the overcrowded places get shut down, and tracks can't run through them•A mode where you are placed in a world where the stations are already placed, you have to connect them, and you run a simulation where you see how long it would lastThis game is solid, I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a game that doesn't require a giant manual to get started, and wants a fun game."
76561198043996757,Recommended,287980,11767029,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Pyongyang Wizard,this game is like lifeyou will lose no matter what you do
,Recommended,287980,11749061,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Legocraftmation,Great Game
76561197970389552,Recommended,287980,11755271,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,A Naked Hobo.,"Suprisingly addictive, the graphics are nice and clean though it desperately needs a good sound track to back it all up."
76561197970547391,Recommended,287980,11755476,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,curiousepic,"So addictive, and the balance keeps getting better."
,Recommended,287980,11820359,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,SilverSteeples,Easily worth the investment; I played almost 2 hours on first startup and that number is rapidly growing.
,Recommended,287980,11821041,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,DooplissForce,"This game isabsolutelyincredible. The design is beautifully minimalistic, and the gameplay is fantastic. This is certainly a game you could play for hours on end.One bug, though: It seems that after exiting the game in fullscreen mode, Steam still lists me as in-game. (Edit: I just tested it, it also happens in windowed mode.)I'm very much looking forward to seeing what this game has in store."
76561198025549702,Recommended,287980,11823346,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Pierre Kirby,"Walks a fine line between challenging and rage-inducing, in a good way."
,Recommended,287980,11825999,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,ThreadedProcess,"I can't wait for Scenic mode! So much fun, and so terrifying watching the station fill up. Panic begins to set in as the clock ticks upwards towards failure, and suddenly the week ends and you decide to add as many locomotives and carriages as possible to that one station without realizing seven other stations are suffering a similar fate. You fail, yet again."
,Recommended,287980,11891700,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,titanc_13,This game is epic with Queen playing in the background
76561198035123400,Recommended,287980,11892724,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Gavin Belson,"Holy. Crap.This game is extremely addictive. I'm normally sceptical on the early access games, but this game is already one of my favourite unity-based game. It's the only game I've found entertaining to play on my surface pro 3 tablet, as the pen works as a mouse too. It's like the game was meant for the surface.Definitely recommend."
76561198046249400,Recommended,287980,11923425,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,G1102,"fantastic game, love the idea and love how it looks! can keep you entertained for hours"
,Recommended,287980,11666245,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,DarkOnistar,"Another fantastic minimalistic game like Eufloria & FTL (Faster Than Light), which is focused on getting people from A to B before each station becomes overcrowded.The game starts simple but picks up pace quite quickly and if you don't prepare accordingly it can lead to your downfall; it is like FTL because of its ability to pause and solve the current problem before continuing.Currently in Early Access: The game lacks sound, is limited to 3 levels and no other gamemodes are avaliable.On the bright side the game seems really stable for me and when you fail you can take a picture of your Metro map with passengers and without as if it were a real Metro Map."
,Recommended,287980,11671038,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,mattb5g,"Challenging puzzle/simulation game. Enjoyable to play in current form, looking forward to seeing the finished product with sound and more cities (Washington DC and Boston please.)"
,Recommended,287980,11686523,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,panghochin0526,"Really inspiration!! It lets us know the run of a metro system is not easy, the routes must be thought carefully unless we will lose. Hopefully the sandbox mode will release fast."
76561198032407741,Recommended,287980,11677033,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,cwelt2010,"Awesome and very fun game! Gets challenging the more you play, overall very fun game and can't wait for future updates!"
76561198000704426,Recommended,287980,11678612,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,boro,Very good game even in early development stage. I just missing continiuos playing mode!
,Recommended,287980,13086341,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,PhilipTerryGraham,"Mini Metrois by far one of the most fun, original and challenging games I've ever had the pleasure of playing.Mini Metrobrings something new to the old concept of transport sims, challenging the player's creativity and management skills through gameplay that is otherwise incredibly simple and simply enjoyable. It doesn't throw too many obstacles at the player with a reasonable difficulty curve, and the rewards are oddly satisfying. It'll be great to see where this game goes in the future! Hopefully we can expect a fantastic soundtrack to compliment the gameplay as well!"
76561198142420842,Recommended,287980,13019652,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Ksulu,"I rather liked this game, it plays out in a rather fun way and am glad to say I don't regret buying it - which I admit was a major concern while I was debating buying the game.However, perfection does not exist and there are some things I think the game could benefit with:- A Leaderboard for the Scenic mode - as well as a way to continue getting more tunnels / lines etc. after reaching the city limit.- Maybe a ""level"" mode? Commuter and Scenic are great arcade modes but a mode where there are certain goals to add some finality to the level instead of just 'keep going until you're gone' would help.- Some achievements - while relatively superfluous, they add some goals to the game, and that's what you're lacking right now.- Have the shapes show up in a certain pattern, while I liked the game, I had to admit it was a bit disheartening seeing a lot of circles, squares and triangles all around each other and one or other pentagon, cross or drop away from everything.- Maybe some in-game currency. Instead of depending on weeks (or milestones) maybe we can have some amount of cash spent by every person that enters the station and we use that money for extending (or removing) the lines, buying more locomotives, carriages, building tunnels.- Maybe have some other obstacles such as woods or mountains?This game has a great potential and while I like it already it could be so much more awesome."
,Recommended,287980,13032175,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DarkerValleys,"A fun, relaxing game to play on a break or for a quick challenging game! Wonderful hours of fun!"
,Recommended,287980,13012553,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,chiefbozx,"This is a great fun little strategy game. Not that expensive too, and there's still a lot to come. Very excited for Rush Hour extreme difficulty mode."
,Recommended,287980,13057897,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SanStarko,"This is a great little game, a simple to learn strategy/puzzle game that has that whole ""one more go"" aspect.All you need to do is link your different stations together and make sure the stations don't get too busy.  Yes you'll earn extra trains, extra carriages and extra lines.  But the whole game still comes down to the simple goal of linking your stations together.   You start with three stations and it seems an overly easy task but as the station start to increase so too does the difficulty and you find your metro system falling apart as you try to figure out the best way to connect them all.Thankfully there's the option to hit Pause, then delete all your lines and have a wee think about a new tactic, before finding that it works even worse than your previous layout.  Lots of different maps to play on too to give a bit of variety.As it's Early Access there are some things missing, no sound for example.  But the game idea is there and works perfectly and it can already keep you coming back over and over in it's current state.  It's well worth buying, especially considering how cheap it is."
76561198022144144,Recommended,287980,13059886,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Cesium Rainbow,"The epitome of simple to learn, hard to master.  I'm usually no fan of casual games but this one has hooked me dearly. There's alot of pretty sexy, smooth details running flawlessly behind the simple facade.  Just about the only part of the game that is still at all ""early access"" is a lack of music, and I'm not sure if the game will ever get music.  If that's true, screw ""Disasterpiece."" He's had months and months to develop.  Other than music, The only weirdness is the rare odd line disconnect where it branches in a different direction at a station.Puzzle game fans and transit geeks, this game has the goods!"
,Recommended,287980,13002717,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,StolenVex,"Fantastic.  Simple, with a building crescendo of difficulty. Clean UI, captivating gameplay."
76561198050224356,Recommended,287980,12650600,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Hodge,This is a really fun game. It's simple and easy to get going quickly and quite addictive.
76561198041635906,Recommended,287980,12650787,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,¢entsless,Aesthetics √Simplicity √Puzzle √Arcade √Random √Alright. So this game is all about organizing a subway system. More stations and an increasing number of passengers turn up all the time.Make sure not to forget about the new stations that pop up in the corners.
,Recommended,287980,12601045,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Lead Magnet,"I love Mini Metro. It's a completely addicting logistics game that fats and easy to learn, yet progressively complex in its problem solving. This is fun for all ages and I highly recommend for the kid in all of us. Well done developers!"
,Recommended,287980,12629750,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,IST,"It looks so simple, but one of the hardest strategies. Requires continuous replanning and asks hard decisions when you level up. I hope there will be some sound and music in the near future."
,Recommended,287980,12632431,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,GingerWookiee,"I bought Mini Metro and immediately just played 7 hours in one sitting without realising. Really simple mechanics and highly replayable, I'm looking forward to the possibilities with more maps being added, but it's a great little game already."
,Recommended,287980,12867227,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Surtfield,"Great game to pass the time! I mean, I spend 2 hours on it when I do play the game, but that's everyone, right? It is a good game but I think adding more types of trains or different types of carriages would be nice."
,Recommended,287980,11695754,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Seek,I can't stop playing!
,Recommended,287980,11698610,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Mr. Mish,"Very fun, also very addictive... so... very... addictive...Must... get... more... carrages..."
76561198095679286,Recommended,287980,11700415,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,udaff,One of the best and simpliest gstion and strategy game !Good job and can't wait to see this game developing !
,Recommended,287980,11700466,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,CorporalRutland,"There's something inherently calming about joining the dots and creating order - and Mini Metro capitalises on this beautifully. Gorgeous, minimal and uncluttered design, lovely bright colours and simple shapes are the order of the day. Shaped stations pop up on the white landscape, requiring you to join them together with lines. As you do, passengers appear at them, demanding to get to other stations.The system that deals with moving passengers about, especially when to and when not to pick them up and which interchanges to drop them at seems, even in this 'early access' build, to be flawless. Short of the missing sound and music (which I can't wait for) and the so-called Scenic and Rush Hour modes (which seem to be Zen and Extreme in the version I have here) this is already a fantastic little game. Bonus points for having a night mode as well.For fear of cluttering up the minimalism I'd like to be able to name stops  for my own reference or just for fun, but otherwise, I can't wait for the last finishing touches."
76561198050940646,Recommended,287980,14753626,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,jstokes75,"This is a great little game to pass some time.  It just missing a couple of small things, a sound track and sound effects. Other than that the gamme has provided me with hours of game play."
,Recommended,287980,16005692,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Etern1ty,"Extremly addictive, easy and fun!"
76561198191739939,Recommended,287980,16030146,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,joshy.fre_2003,"Great fun, calm yet hectic, LOVE IT!    Great price and cant wait for more updates."
76561198043633209,Recommended,287980,16051828,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,r2s2mi7,This is not a game this is a new life
76561198069284603,Recommended,287980,16066795,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,crabrangoony,"Mini Metro is simple, clean, and entertaining. It's my go-to when I need a distraction or something to play while I think. The colorblind mode is an added bonus for me and I greatly appreciate it. I can't wait to see this game upon official release!"
,Recommended,287980,16080884,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SongfulTester,"When I first got Mini Metro it was in very early stages of the game and ever since then it has kept on improving. It used to be just trains, lines and tunnels but now you can use faster trains and the new interchanges. Overall, it can get quite boring playing it over and over again but it is a unique and challenging indie that is well worth buying."
76561198060816939,Recommended,287980,15884179,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Zhvngv,"This game is as much deeper than most of the current AAA titles, as it is simpler.Guys invented kind of a chess-of-modern-time - while rules are simple, the complexity and strategy are so powerful that it may keep you busy for months.As an experienced strategy player, I was very surprised to find how challenging it is to actually reach some high results in this game. And it's still uncomplete! Totally playable though.Best early access game and best value for your money on steam, in my opinion.10/10FIY, there is a pause feature for you to plan ahead without time pressure. Find it : )"
,Recommended,287980,14836773,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cede maiori,"Even though real goals are still lacking in the game (NO LONGER TRUE, SEE REVISED PART), this game has great potential. However, as the adding of badges is announced (which you can see as some kind of 'goals') for one of the next updates, I think this game has everything necessary to become a top 'under 10€' game. Gameplay already runs smoothly for me (no obvious bugs) but a soundtrack and a (short) tutorial (with some explanation on the different game modes) should still be added in my opinion.All in all a good, decent, low-cost game!REVISED REVIEW: The game now has achievements included (to unlock next levels) and more are to come. Though fairly easy up 'till now, the upcoming achievements will provide the challenge this game still needed, as mentioned above."
,Recommended,287980,15982403,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Admiral,"At this point, only criticism is the ultra-minimalism can be a little confusing at times. The after-game statistics graphs, for example, aren't terrible helpful since the axes aren't labelled, and I'm never all that sure where passengers want to go. Still, its simplicity is what makes it so interesting."
,Recommended,287980,15989714,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,džony chrumka,"Nice minimalistic look, simple, but addictive gameplay, and what I really love about this game, my Mac isn't heating up to 100 degrees when it runs! :DAnd.. looking forward to music, that is still not available.Have a nice day"
,Recommended,287980,15855060,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Agent of Fortune,A time and resource management game with a great looking Metro Map interface. Map metro routes from station to station as the city grows. Plan for efficiency (settle for expedience) and keep the city moving.
,Recommended,287980,15870004,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,query,tunnels now induce rage10/10 will keep playing again
,Recommended,287980,15888596,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,MsScree,"Fun, elegantly designed, simple - yet a challenge!  Great Game!"
76561198015268510,Recommended,287980,15895378,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,a01020201,"This game offers up a good challenge, it is great for people who are on the go or do not want to spend there entire life playing a game.  It is very simple but will make you want to do better next time you play it.  There will be a next time lolI strongly recommend this game."
76561198095562783,Recommended,287980,15812874,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,jensj12,"For those who want a quick challenging game of train routing without money management.Build routestransport peepsgain upgradesadd more routessurvivegain even more upgradesredesign your entire networksurvivefailedgame overcontinue playing in scenicgain 6 upgrades at the same timeredesign your entire networkstop playing because stations don't overcrowd anymoreUnless you're playing scenic (semi-challenging sandbox without infinite upgrades), 'survive' will be the hardest part. As a fan of RollerCoaster Tycoon 1 and Sid Meier's Railroads I really like this game."
,Recommended,287980,15901572,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,deded55,This game is just getting better and better and is great for just relaxing (apart from near the end when the whole system you've built is flawed an- oh look I've failed)
,Recommended,287980,15902089,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Gabz007,It's a great indie but really hope that it can go more into details some day.
,Recommended,287980,15907960,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Urall,A beautifully simple yet complex and creative game for a low price. Only downside is a lack of sound (get some music going in the background!).
,Recommended,287980,15928918,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,MJRLegends,Amazing Game :D
,Recommended,287980,15933428,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Globaldudetb,Fun little game for 5-10 minute games. The pace picks up quickly. Properly organizing your metro lines becomes a real solid challenge.
12123123123231323,Recommended,287980,15085038,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,hi,Awesome.
76561197967244904,Recommended,287980,15032178,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,breakpoint,"This is, hands-down, the finest first-play experience I have ever had from a casual game.  Mini Metro is an outstanding example of perfection in minimalism, and a resounding lesson that gameplay trumps all.  As of this date, there is no music, and the graphics are simple transit system line art.  In short, you could have knocked this out on a VIC-20 in your basement-- if you'd been this much of a genius.The concept is brilliant, and the execution is perfect-- but this is still early access at this point, so there's a bit of a level shortage.  That's alleviated somewhat by the several subtly-- but importantly-- different play modes.Also, there are not a lot of upgrades at this point.  There are only three or four limited, important resources, and they're all really major.  A handful of more subtle, minor-tweak upgrades would make things a bit more visually interesting, as well as giving you a few things to tinker with when you're waiting to see how well a major change plays out.Nonetheless, this is absolutely the best casual game I've played in years.  Highly recommended, and definitely worth the money.  The only real question is whether you will also want it on your phone or tablet, where I expect touch-and-drag would only add to the fun."
,Recommended,287980,14678865,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,[DFS] spookemonPasta,"Simple, yet amazing game. For those complaining about controls, you literally have MOUSE1 movements, thats it. Overall, i would give it 4/5 hats (i never give top score)"
,Recommended,287980,15113181,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Elektordi,"More a causual game than a real game, but fun enough when a need a calm small game. For such a low price, it worth it."
76561198054432251,Recommended,287980,15134528,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,steelndirt,It is a good abstract strategy game for when you want to focus on getting moving the little passengers around.
,Recommended,287980,15304340,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,pinkponylove,"It's not like you can learn that much about the actual transit systems of the world in the game, but who cares, it's fun and every game lasts a relatively short amount of time (tens of minutes at most), so it doesn't kill your entire evening."
,Recommended,287980,15328838,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,SaMuRaI,I love strategy games like this... I just wish that there were more unlockable achievements after you hit 100 passengers a day in Scenic Mode.
,Recommended,287980,15331005,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,CWKnight,"This game has a truly special design. Honestly it's a wonder of wonders in this day and age- a genuinely original idea for a video game, presented and communicated simply and beautifully. It is similar to those air-traffic control games, and if you like those you'll like this, but it's definitely different enough to be its own thing. It's still in progress (there's no sound yet, for instance) but even as it is it has a level of polish that some fully released games don't have."
76561198062115554,Recommended,287980,15263449,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,emirkodralija,Very addictive game!!
76561198184089946,Recommended,287980,15272970,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,jguzik14,"good game, great time killer and and a real puzzler.  makes you think and literally, connect the dots.  Have fun!"
,Recommended,287980,15273719,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,AshenFenix,"I love this game. Quick and easy to get into, the controls and concepts are easy to grasp. I eagerly await every update."
,Recommended,287980,15051412,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,un-tamedPIG,Quite entertaining and gives you something to do.
76561197996805747,Recommended,287980,15014381,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,jason.klueber,"This is an almost Zen garden of a puzzle game.  One of my favorite games from my youth was Sim Tower; this reminds me of the core traffic management aspect of that game, distilled into a visually pleasing game which manages to be time sensitive without being twitch inducing.  While the rabbit hole isn't a bottomless pit, the games are quick enough and diverse enough to allow for good replay value.  It seems like a good candidate for a mobile game as well.Would buy again.  :)"
,Recommended,287980,15016067,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Steve,"Such a simple, addictive and fun game.This is what an indie game should be.Since it is still in beta, there are no sounds whatsoever, but all you really need is a playlist of your favorite relaxing music and it fits perfectly with this game.Defnitely worth the $7.  I would highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,287980,15213210,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,vacri,"Nice, simple little timewaster. You'll never swear at circles as much as in this game."
,Recommended,287980,15610876,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,King Pikablu,This is a great game for a really good price. Surprisingly addicting
,Recommended,287980,15592882,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,dragondrummer92,"This game is too addictive. Very simple to learn, VERY difficult to master."
,Recommended,287980,15594837,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DayDreamer,Easy to understand game. Simple graphics but nice style. Always have fun playing it :)
76561198011693928,Recommended,287980,15596007,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,wales_lad14,"Fantastic game, Very simple and quick o pick up!!! My new fave game!!!"
,Recommended,287980,15596094,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,fohjoh,"Its one of those games with a special charm, the best kind of charm, which many games completely lack."
,Recommended,287980,13498960,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,mwyeoh,Casual puzzle game. Hopefully it evolves further.Get it if its on sale
76561197997360601,Recommended,287980,13825492,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,LabTechRazkiL,simple and smart
76561197966822965,Recommended,287980,13829328,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sn!ck[CH],Funny game to play for 30min after a workday
76561198060876016,Recommended,287980,13409763,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Some dude's gun,+rep how could you not?
76561197991142344,Recommended,287980,13384389,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,bernicc,Awesome! This game is a must have!
76561198123340307,Recommended,287980,13418449,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,CCCP_Luca,This game a fantastic little game for passing time. It gets really complex really fast which i love. Needs a soundtrack but still in beta id also like to see this as a tablet app
,Recommended,287980,13420538,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Beckalar,very good game
,Recommended,287980,15357224,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,yene,I like trains
76561198128285131,Recommended,287980,15357691,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,RareFindsYou,"Fun, strategy/logical puzzles in a sense. havent played in a while, but thats about to change.Great Game. 10/10"
76561198088340801,Recommended,287980,15386719,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Jamie,This game is great to pass the time or play whylst doing something else. I would rate this 3/5. I am looking forward to the new updates for this game!!
,Recommended,287980,15388578,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,MrUks,"This game is strategical, high pace and yet confortable, simplistic and yet graphically pleasing. It shows a lot of promise and even though I own it less then a day, I've played it for over 6 hours because it's highly addictive. Definately worth a try! Enjoy ;)"
76561198055651891,Recommended,287980,14896082,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,slowly,What an ingenious little game. VERY addictive. The visual style is just right and proves how simplicity in design is timeless. The gameplay - linking stations with tube lines as the city expands and new stations pop up - is so simple yet satisfying. Great game.
,Recommended,287980,15332566,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,InNOutKing,It's a really fun game and it's really good if you're watching a movie or something. It's one of those games you can play with just your mouse if you're bored.Sometimes it glitches and you can't open any of the levels or the framerate won't work but again it's a really fun game to play and I hardly recommend it.
76561197996124118,Recommended,287980,15172362,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Bloopy,"Pros: Simply addicitve and stright forward fun. I.E. Rubix cube, Tetris, Sokoban and MIni Metro. I'm always working toward beating my own scores. Even got friends interested in it.Cons: I have latency or memory leak in the scenic mode when I get to about 60 passengers. Odd this doesn't occur even on commuter mode with 900 passengers. Hopefully there is a fix in place for this one day.Sidebar: Maybe we can have an emergency bus route we can use once a day for ""emergency"" situations? The guy going to to pick his kid up at school (left out in the rain) called my boss and got me in trouble, Not my problem he shoulda gave the kid an umbrella. - jeesh."
,Recommended,287980,14813792,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,sweetpeebs,"Never has city transportation infrastructure been so much fun. I feel like a city planner, or whoever it is who designs subways and stuff.I'VE NEVER FELT SO ALIVE!!10/10"
,Recommended,287980,14950838,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,TB,Zen and the art of subway management....
,Recommended,287980,15244157,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,olamedia,"Enough to kill half or a hour. A little fast-paced and short. But, well, it's early access.Always impressed how 100 circles can drop fps in modern games"
,Recommended,287980,16372547,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,protonsinthedark,"Simple to learn, but way harder than it looks!Pros:+ Intuitive controls. It's (almost) as easy as connect the dots!+ Clean simplistic styleCons:- Wish there was helper text or something to explain things that are a little less obvious (what do interchanges do?)All in all, a really neat idea for a game, and fun to play."
76561198053988210,Recommended,287980,16367995,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Yago,This game is very great. I really like its concept. I love speding hours playing this. Totally recommend it.
76561198147389241,Recommended,287980,16351649,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,kevin_ng95117,"Worth every dollar, but where is the full version?"
,Recommended,287980,16400391,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,NakeD,"100% addictive, I didn't really understand what was the point at beginning, but since I understood .. I love da game !"
,Recommended,287980,16387350,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,POOPGRINDER42069GOBIGORGAYINDIAN,"When a station's overcrowding, just teleport another train right in front of it!"
,Recommended,287980,16415078,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,silly,"Beautifully designed. Still some slight kinks to work out such as no audio, but overall a very enjoyable game."
76561197998054822,Recommended,287980,16408745,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dominic Knight,"After seeing this game at PAX East, I was really excited to give it a go. And its definitely worth it if you like transportation simulators. I love the minimalist style. I know its still in the works, so I'm anxious (in a good way) to see what updates it receives over time. It has certainly been a fun experience so far. I know audio is going to be added, but its certainly cool right now that I can play my own music and just zone out as I restructure the metro."
76561198102185947,Recommended,287980,16334208,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Koef,"Simple, addictive and zen. Get this game, you probably won't regret it."
,Recommended,287980,16298846,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,SpaceKookie,Really fun game for on the go....*badum-tss*
76561198125553575,Recommended,287980,16299886,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Illonejay,"This is a game that I will play for the rest of my life. I really love the originality and simplicity of the concept. The user interface is nice. If I were to mention any complaint it would only be that a few of the updates seem to be a step in the wrong direction, although they don't ruin the playability of the game. It's not critical, but I would like to see some sort of multi-player in the future and am expecting the achievements to develop as the game moves along. Thank you, makers of this wonderful subway management game."
,Recommended,287980,16347123,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Esch,"This game isn't so much a transportation network simulation as it is a subtle puzzle game. The key to sucess is to not overload your lines with the same symbols next to each other because that will cause stations to be backed up. Make sure to stagger the symbols! (triangle-circle-triangle is good, triangle-triangle-circle is bad.) This is easier said than done because many times you will have no choice but to have four circles in a row on one line.The second secret is always retool your lines as you play the level. More stations are added as the game plays out, and you will find what worked for the first 300 passengers all of a sudden isn't as efficient and you have to clear the lines and re-lay them out for the next 300.There's a lot of strategy in this game, from how you lay out the map to what bonuses you get every level. I've just sat here and played through all levels for the past five hours and even went back and replayed a couple of early levels that I didn't do so well because I hadn't figured out the system yet. This is a fun game!This game is low on flash and high on substance, it's a must have for anyone who loves puzzle strategy games!"
,Recommended,287980,16485969,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BugCat,"Terribly written reviews :DDo you like systems? Do you like transportation? Do you care about efficiency? If you this game would most likly appeal to you!It's a very simple transportation game where u draw lines to make a metro, it's as simple as that. A relaxing game to say the least.A few gripes that should be fixed on release:no bloops and bipps, I was really looking foward to hearing it when playing this gamesome ui elements have no explanation (efficency meter thing next to clock in endless mode)"
76561197985308723,Recommended,287980,16486467,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,devotion,"Even at this early stage, the game has depth, fun, and challenge. The concept of a transportation network game isn't new. Still, the lean abstraction of Mini Metro makes it gives it an urgent Minesweeper/Tetris time puzzle quality without taking away from the satisfying game idea of building an infrastructure to serve people's needs."
,Recommended,287980,16487292,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Treefarmer,"This is an exceptional game, even in early access. It distills traffic management down to a simple yet highly addictive and fun strategy game. The art style is fantastic and minimalist, the controls could use VERY minor tweaks (rerunning tracks can be tough as you loop through stations), but the concept is very solid and I've lost hours planning my fake city's metro."
,Recommended,287980,16487911,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gloups,"Bought this game when it was on sale. Was not expecting much from it.In the end, you end up with a neat game, clean to play, with a very easy basic idea but really interesting challenges.Apparently it is still in development, so this means that we can expect other good surprises.Pros :IntuitiveEasy to understand, hard to masterClean UILight weightCons  :No sound yetRNG sometimes is... frustrating"
,Recommended,287980,16488688,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CosmicAncient,It looks simple but there is so much depth and flexibility to the challenges you face that in two days I've spent four hours already. No sound yet which I wasn't expecting but I cannot wait to see how this game develops! Definitely recommend it!
76561197989648714,Recommended,287980,13487916,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ZeneZ,"I think this game is fantastic. Super fun, and I am very excited to see updates and to find whats at the next stop.Brilliant game, need it on my Ipad.10/10Would LOVE to see a mode where you could connect cities Continentaly, and even globally once you get your cites running efficiently. Connect Paris to Geneva...to London..."
,Recommended,287980,13427517,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,cracker bargle,Really fun game that includes alot of strategy.It will be even better when the music and sound are added9.7/10
76561198038845051,Recommended,287980,13480054,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,CrazyOwl,"Well, let me just explain why this is so lovely.Today nobody gonna be surprised by the incredible realistic graphic or complicated gameplay through the exciting fiction. That is why pretty minimalistic games are reachin` popularity, and Mini Metro is such a product. All it can offer is pleasant colourful lines and several maps, but this is all you need there. A wonderful escape, which relaxes the brains and cathces the attention. Also different music while playing is enjoyable. Simple and pleasurable. Like it."
76561197982817228,Recommended,287980,14230282,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,denzil85,"Mini Metro very much falls into the category of easy to pick up, but difficult to master. I've had some fun with it, although I suck at the planning aspect of the game!"
,Recommended,287980,14198814,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Does_the_noob,An amazing game that is so easy to learn but difficult to master.It could be improved with a sound track though
76561198027106612,Recommended,287980,14201650,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Star Adept,"I just got back from work and, having barely kicked off my shoes, I went to play another round of Mini Metro. Then I noticed I have clocked over 100 hours in the two weeks that I have had this game. It is sucking my soul the way a game hasn't done since I was too young to have anything better to do than play games anyways. Now, admittedly, a portion of those hours are from me passing out with the game open, contemplating the overall efficiency of my entire subway system having been thrown a curve-ball station or two. But the difference between 100 hours total and 80 hours conscious is really not that significant, relative to overwhelming number of 0.6hrs-played games in my library. I don't normally write reviews, but I know there are casual gamers out there with similar disappointments, so this review is for you.tl:dr : Casual, strategic gamers that like to watch their decisions unfold in as perfect a manner as they can conclude, get this game! Even (especially) in Early Access!Review:I forgot this game was Early Access until I came to this page to write the review, and that's a good thing! Most of us have been victimized by vaporware, and I understand your hesitation to trust it (or really anything on steam anymore), such that our reviews are the only information worth sifting through anymore.Mini Metro is a minimalist game both visually and in its core mechanics. That being said, it does both of these things so well and uniquely, even and its current state, that it seems more polished than a large portion of the released titles that just keep pumping out. And, although I yearn for more maps (when are we ever truly satisfied), the game feels complete enough that if it went full release today, I would clock another 100 hourse easily. The only thing it's missing is sound, but that's on the list to be added and ultimately the silence doesn't really detract from the game, playing my own moodscapes in the background. I'm sure there's more content that they plan to add, but I haven't been following the devs enough to tell you what those are. And honestly, bilissfully ignorant of their promises, I can tell that any new content is just going to be a wonderful surprise as the game progresses out of Early Access, such as the newly added Rush Hour Mode (more on that later). Also what I can't tell you is how fast the game is being updated. I got this game only recently, and in that time they updated with the addition of a whole new mode, but I may have just lucked out on my timing - look to other reviews or follow the devs for this info.At its heart, Mini Metro is a game where you create a subway (or metro depending on your colloquialism) system that is as efficient as possible at delivering passengers between stations.I had gotten 1/4 the way into my original review, which was on the way to being pretty fleshed out I thought, but then I learned there is a charlimit when writing reviews. So, it's sorta lost it's cohesion but I hope I got most of my love for this game out.Stations are also abstract and minmalistic, being represented by bordered geometric shapes. All maps start you with a Circle, Square, and Triangle station, and represent the most common stations you'll see. Having no depth of explanation, it's difficult to call those stations by anything other than their shapes, only learning to conceptualize the different types as things like transfers and major stations once you learn how the stations need to be connected to be efficient later in the game. That being said, you often have to use stations as a matter of efficiency that betrays your concepts of them. This is one of the things I find special about Mini Metro. You can know the rules in and out, but your understanding of their roles changes with every new station that pops up, creating a logic of efficiency that is more conscious and fulfilling than simply figuring out the math.There is no right or wrong decision (except for Rush Hour mode) as everything you've done on the map so far can be freely and meticulously readjusted instantaneously. The few resources the game limits you with like the number of trains and bridges, when not in use, are returned to your pool of resources with zero loss; you can only get more, and will need more. Even lategame when you're struggling to keep 20-30 stations efficient as a whole, a few clicks and you can wipe the board of your entire subway for a fresh start, but without a restart back to silly ol' 3 stations. Casual, no need to dredge through a game you just played a second time to get to a point where you can use what you learned the first time, you can just continually build on your knowledge.It's actually those lategame board clears that, personally, are the most fun for me. As you progress on a map, you'll get extra trains. I only ever use one train on a line. This is extremely limiting, but I enjoy the challenge of the game that way, because without a second train to pick up the slack, lines have to be more efficient at interacting with eachother, dropping off passengers in perfect spots, running cross-track or parallel to alleviate congestion, balancing short but heavily loaded lines with long but easily resolved ones. And a board clear of infrastructure allows me to consider an efficient system as a whole instead of one in relation to what I had built already. This is normally where I pass out staring at my screen.Game Modes, since I'm not sure I've seen a review for since Rush Hour came out:The game has three modes currently, Commuter (skirmish), Scenic (peaceful), and  new Rush Hour (permabuild).The difference between Commuter mode and Scenic mode is mosty just that if you aren't being efficient enough on a Commuter map, your passengers pile up and get mad that they're stting in a station too long, you'll fail.Rush Hour is the bane of my existence. Most of what I have described is in the two modes where you can readjust your lines and resources. In Rush Hour mode, once you connect two stations, you can't unconnect them. You can extend their lines to new stations, but then you're stuck with that order of stations. Trains move down the line from one station to another, and then turn around and do the opposite order (unless you loop them). Because of this, in any game mode, adding a new station to the line affects its overall efficiency by first simply making the people at one end of the line wait longer for the train to get back, secondly because if passengers aren't getting dropped off efficiently, your train gets full and he passes by stations of people already waiting. Even extra trains, when placed, can't be picked back up. The only saving grace to this mode is that while in the other modes, stations just simply appear and you have to deal with them accordingly. In Rush Hour mode, you get to see where and what type the next station will be. I have not spent more than a few minutes in this mode as it requires a completely different mindset than the way I play the other two modes.For $7 at regularly priced Early Access, probably the most appropriately priced item I've bought on Steam.10/10 Would connect the dots for 100 more hours with even the smallest of a content boost."
,Recommended,287980,14225397,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,AlexMoc,Awesome but needs a soundtrack!
,Recommended,287980,14216856,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Slotoburn,"A zen-like puzzler, best accompanied by relaxing music. Very enjoyable."
,Recommended,287980,14284074,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sentinel,Great game but I have ZERO clue which each game mode is. There should be an OBVIOUS and CLEAR description of each game mode.
,Recommended,287980,14155501,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,myvoiceisdubbed,"The simplicity of this game reminds me of go. The concepts are simple and easy to grasp but the game quickly becomes increasing difficult, challenging the player to plan ahead or get crushed by the number of people trying to use the station. Just bought it and couldn't put it down for 4 hours. While this is in beta, it is perhaps one of the most complete and fun betas I've playing in a long time, and is really only missing audio (which is coming soon).  Can't say enough about the UI as well. Clean and crisp and easy to navigate. Definitely looks like a london underground system map.At present build (beta 15) this game is an 8/10. Once complete I can't image it being anything less than a 10/10. Buy it! Really inexpensive for the fun. (P.S. to the dev's, this game would be awesome on an Ipad.)"
,Recommended,287980,13019096,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Cazawhore,"What a fun little game. One of the few games I paid full retail for, and don't regret it one bit. Great little gem."
76561198062280225,Recommended,287980,14359244,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Schmooze,"This is a fun and straightforward ""connect the dots"" game that becomes challenging and very addictive. The premise is a simple subway map from various cities and you connect different types of stations together using multiple connection points. Connect ▲ to █ to O and so on. As more stations become available they will show you passengers waiting and where they want to go. Before you know it you will have a bunch of people stuck waiting at station ▲ that all want to █ but to do so they need to connect through a third location.New stations will open up as the game moves. You begin with 3 stations and as time ticks past more and more open. It ramps up quickly and is moves along at a good pace. There are about 6 different cities to choose from which adds an addition level of difficulty. At the end of each week you are provided with an award which could be additional subway cars, new lines, or more tunnels. Playing in some of the more river heavy maps will require the use of lots of tunnels. As the weeks pass, your are map continue to grow allowing you more stations and of course more possibilities for heavy congestion.The game ends when your passengers give up on you and will no longer wait for a pickup. The city maps remain the same, but the actual station locations are a random spawn point making reply great.This is an in development app so there are some bugs to be expected. As of this review (02/06/2015) the only real game issue I think this had is the lack of sound. I am excited to see the new improvements and will keep plugging along with my subway maps."
,Recommended,287980,14377079,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Lime,"Mini metro is a wonderful little time waster. if you've got a few minutes to kill and you want something simple to tide you over every now and then you could do far worse.There's something addictive about trying to build the perfect metro that can cope with whatever the game throws at you but you can only do that for so long before one backwater station gets overcrowded to the point of what I assume is acidental death when one of the little shapes falls onto the tracks because the station is packed full of other shapes waiting for their connection.It's simple fun really - there's not much more to it than that. I will say that once you figure out the formula to getting a decent high score the game starts to lose a lot of it's replay value but that said - I still pick it up now and then to kill time before I have to go to work in the morning.as a side note, It's lovely to see colourblind options for this game. along with that the UI is clean and eye pleasing."
,Recommended,287980,14319544,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Skinischewy,"Simple, beautiful, soothing - I just cant wait to have music in this game.However i just pop on the Fez OST so i get a general feel for what the music will be like.Super fun game"
,Recommended,287980,14320927,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,zmtomako,very simplistic game but extremely enjoyable as you watch your locomotives move shapes across what resembles real-life cities
76561198153462790,Recommended,287980,14342172,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,leigh.horsfield,"A really good game, but would be nice if you could upgrade stations ( On Sceneic Mode Only)"
,Recommended,287980,14346039,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Lozzy0603,One of the best casual games around. Just needs an Android tablet version now!
,Recommended,287980,14381783,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,aaronsbrk,"Great design and very addictive, this is like my version of Candy Crush; only it's actually a good game."
76561198027259563,Recommended,287980,14753187,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,sand_4_life,very good casual game :)
,Recommended,287980,14726277,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,MossBane,This is a game that is about trains and train tracks.
,Recommended,287980,14808292,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,schmana,look at how many hours i've played this silly train game forsurely that's worth seven bucks or whatever
,Recommended,287980,18979710,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Ekse,"Its good, in the night mode 24/7. Kind of short though, not much more to unlock after 15 hours."
,Recommended,287980,18980111,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Neffyg35,So Simple yet so addictive.  It's a great micromanagement game that had me waiting to get home from work to keep playing
,Recommended,287980,18980526,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,TubsO2800,"Its good for a causal game, its agood buy for the cost, but if your looking for story or puzzles, this isnt your game."
76561198130830856,Recommended,287980,18980549,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,tcurran,"It's very good the devs are always inproving just a little something, something to pass the time10/1 will write a review again"
,Recommended,287980,18983565,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,TH3 R3V3L,"If it wasn't already 1:30am and the fact that I have to work in the morning, I would continue to play.  Looking forward to afterwork tomorrow to play some more.  Its a very challenging strategic game."
,Recommended,287980,18982082,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,moscowtime6,nice game for a railway fan! amazing!
76561198034301051,Recommended,287980,18956173,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,QUIZNAK,"Pros:Frantic puzzler worth your timeThe aesthetic is great, I like the look of the map for the underground.Endless mode helps increase playtime.Catchy relaxing musicJust an amazing gameCons:There aren't more games like this."
76561198026407345,Recommended,287980,18953943,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,slimjim111,"If you are looking for an intelligent, unique and addictive game, this is it! It is very well designed and the early access is very playable... I haven't encountered any notable issues. Great job!"
,Recommended,287980,18977048,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,SO|-||_O,A true puzzle game that will make you think and gets hard while staying fun. Music and fun too and music actually leets you know what is going on. Don't underestimate this simple looking game.
76561198040887654,Recommended,287980,18978183,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Feral Jacspero,"Cute, Fun and Challenging!Dont miss this ride!"
,Recommended,287980,18966442,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,damiandamjanov,This game is ridiculously addictive.
,Recommended,287980,18967227,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dick Killroy,"I'm really enjoying this game. It's nice, simplistic, and enjoyable to play. I'll like to see updates in the future like semi-completed maps, sceniro modes, or just more locations (my only disappointment was that DC wasn't represented). Over all it's a solid game and I'll definetly look forward to future updates."
,Recommended,287980,18973734,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Racist_monk,Surprisingly addictive! But can be relatively short for a game. Defo get if in a deal!
76561197970879397,Recommended,287980,19089808,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Greven,"I have only been playing it for about one hour, but so far I love it. The design is beautiful and great fun,"
76561198066107123,Recommended,287980,12974725,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,mimounitron,i love this game
76561198139257259,Recommended,287980,13188534,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Sunflower Overlord,"Early Access Review:Very simple game, love the way it plays out too.Pros:Very simpleEasy to learnFun to play when you want to pass timeCons:No sound (Yet)"
76561197965288911,Recommended,287980,13251303,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,bengod3,The concept is awesome! Such a simple idea that has been presented and delivered in a great way.Highly addictive: Planning ahead is a must.I cant wait for the final product.
,Recommended,287980,13245391,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,B.Pearson,"Great, a simple game for when you just want to relax and watch."
,Recommended,287980,13152071,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kenya West,Awesome and enjoyable minimal game for killing time.
,Recommended,287980,13277471,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Никсобака Студия,"Addictive Line to Baby Shapes Stratagy Game. Good for clearing your mind, and/or with pot."
76561198030491110,Recommended,287980,13282918,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Middykat,Addictive game
76561198046845933,Recommended,287980,13320724,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Tyberius,Great game and very addictive. Every update seem to balance things more and improve basic game play. Endless hours for the price!!
,Recommended,287980,13310619,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,fadingathedges,Begin Training immediately.
,Recommended,287980,13307052,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sakurasleaf,"Alright. So this game is straightfowarldyAWESOME.If you expect a hardcore, uber-realistic metro/railway sim - that's not your game, definetly. If you're in for some relaxation... well... maaybe.Generally, what are you going to do while playing this game is trying to fix everything, while it all goes to HELL. Seriously) Mini Metro always starts on a fairly slow pace, but then picks up... And suddenly you're knee deep in♥♥♥♥♥♥overcrowded stations, juggling trains from lane to lane and desperatly struggling to save the day, while new stations keep popping at the places you least want them to spawn at.Sounds horrible - but it delivers almost heaven-like feeling of peace and enjoyment. Don't believe me? Try out the free demo on devs' site, it does pretty much develop it.The design is genuine. A masterpiece, a pure delight for eyes. Hope developers would come up with some decent music to match it (some ambient, maybe?), otherwise half the game experience would be ruined ;(CriteriaScoreGraphics11/10Gameplay10/10Replayability8/10OVERALL10/10"
,Recommended,287980,13130585,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,cvolpe,This game is very addictive! I recommend picking it up. :)
76561198030826884,Recommended,287980,14840315,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,SeaCaptainJim,Beautifully styled network simulator - simple but surprisingly tricky.Easy to blast away on for a spare 20 minutes or labour over for half a day at a time!5 stars
,Recommended,287980,14816953,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Shoc,This little game is well worth the price.  Its very easy to learn to play and reminds me of games I spent hours playing as a kid.  I will even be encouring my own kids to play this title in a few years when they are old enough.  Recommended!
,Recommended,287980,14706163,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,AlvMortz [ID],always circle make me stressful.... LOLbut actually it's a simple game n very addictive without music....
76561198027272592,Recommended,287980,14708024,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,En Voi Hyvin,"You get to stare at squares taking shapes to their shapes, 10/10"
,Recommended,287980,24061232,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cocoduf,Loved it! Wish there were more levels though ;)
,Recommended,287980,23965898,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bandit,"This game is a good game for and at £4.89 (on Steam Sale as of 30/6/2016, otherwise £6.99 at any other time) this game is somewhat fairly priced, the ingame music is nice and pleasant to listen to, compared to the wrecking balls of music I usually listen to :PGame play is usually repetitive, but it keeps you on edge with challenging achievements, very nice, simple design, overall I'd give this an 8/10."
76561198010941075,Recommended,287980,24078182,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,pyys,very Good for Half hour brake.
76561197971084780,Recommended,287980,24011718,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dribbs,Elegant and simple in both concept and design. But by no means an easy to succeed. This one has been sitting in my wish list for a while and I'm very pleased with it now that I've finally made the purchase.
76561198004098649,Recommended,287980,24014075,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bomding,Challenging and addictive. Don't treat it as Cities in motion.
,Recommended,287980,23989110,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,High Impact Sniper Rifle,"You definitely should get this. It's very relaxing and nice for casual play and yet offers daily challenges for competitive players. You're going to have fun with this, promise."
76561198151895546,Recommended,287980,24070276,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,(  ͡°  ͜  ʖ  ͡°  ),"Short but fun and enjoyable game, simple graphics but great relaxing and soothing gameplay.I wish there was a sandbox mode."
,Recommended,287980,24119399,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Chromelette,"A pretty and casual game that you might not want to binge on for hours on end, but will want to keep installed when you want to play something and unwind. The game makes it very clear when you're on the brink of losing, but you'd hardly get anything more than slightly annoyed by it."
76561198313648628,Recommended,287980,24115514,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,NephroN,"Cool puzzle game, which is fun to play, although a little overpriced for 7 quid."
,Recommended,287980,24120625,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,socialrobot,Highly addictive simple game.
76561198020277781,Recommended,287980,24091320,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Chicken Karaage,If you get high off of creating efficient logistical systems this is the game for you. Bonus points for being easy to pick up and A E S T H E T I C S.
76561198023628368,Recommended,287980,24097606,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Earth McFlat,"This is the perfect game to cool down after a days work, or to play on your lunchtime. Though it is simplistic and elegant, the game still challenges you. Buy if you like more relaxed games."
76561197990913619,Recommended,287980,24087561,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,CircleWind,"Simple mechanics, but very addictive.Now I wish there is a mobile version"
,Recommended,287980,24131729,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Phanpy,"This games starts out super easy. You get a few stations and have to connect them by lines to get people where they want to go. Then the number of stations start increasing and you have to connect your old lines to the new stations, or mark out a new line entirely. Then things start getting crowded and wrong and oh my god why the hell are there 6 circle stations in one side of the map?!Don't worry, though. You get upgrades at the end of every week such as new lines, locomotives, carriages, intersections, and tunnels to deal with it. If you can't, well, game over. Then start again. Then game over. Then start again armed with new techniques you pick up as you go along.Highly recommend this game."
76561198034745862,Recommended,287980,24127557,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,amplitudefreq,"I love trains and I love maps, and this game basically combines both"
76561198009510083,Recommended,287980,24225656,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Davamix,Very addictive game.
,Recommended,287980,24211659,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,amd133mhz,"Great game! Very interesting.Casual, easy and addicting.I would say buy it but make sure you watch a few videos on it so you know exactly what you are buying. I watched about 20min of YT videos and still wasn't 100% sure of what the goal was beyond hitting the numbers they tell you to hit.I would say $10 is too much personally. I think the steam sale price I paid of $6.99 is much better and $4.99 is the sweet spot.Graphics- Simple, but clean and smooth. 4/5Sound- Same, Simple. but enjoyable. 4/5Gameplay-  Once you understand what you are trying to do, it is fun and addiciting. I enjoy just playing in endless mode until you hit the wall where no more stations appear. I would like to actually play exisiting maps that are alreadly complete that could be added to and improved. I would like to see Bostons subway system added in this regard. I would think this would be better as a simulator and management game and less of a puzzle game.For what it is - gameplay 4/5. I would say 3/5 would be honest , but thats based off of what I want, not what the dev made or told me it was, so to be fair, as advertised, for what the game is...it is a solid game.Overall I say 3.5/5. I admit I am being critical. This is a good fun game and is very casual, looks great and sounds good. I truly enjoy playing it. I think it could be better as a managament sim."
76561198001646306,Recommended,287980,24054670,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Galagon,"Warning: you will get WAY too invested in the efficiency of your metro system and other people will look at you strange when you try to tell them about it.Can't explain why this game is fun, it just is. Simplistic rules, virtually endless replay value. Not a lot to it, but packs more punch than nearly any game of its size."
,Recommended,287980,24178402,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BOT Vitaliy,This game is a work of art.From the minimalistic graphics to the procedual soundtrack.Addicting and relaxing.Grate time waster.I r8 8/8.MLG major for this is needed.
,Recommended,287980,25316399,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Bambel,"Fun game!Would even say must-have game for the price of 9,99€!Though it's pretty basic it's also quite challenging to break your own records or those from your friends.Also the daily challenge provides a great gaming experience for such type of games!"
,Recommended,287980,18982496,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,pragmatism,"This game is very polite. What a nice game. Yes, I think you should buy it."
,Recommended,287980,22225463,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,angel,I don't need this negativity in my life.
,Recommended,287980,22221665,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,FiveGHz,"Simple yet challenging, if you like puzzle games, check this one out."
,Recommended,287980,21990937,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,JockTankCmdr,"Nice and relaxing little game that i picked up on the sale, only just started playing it and enjoying it so far..... And at least my trains are on time lolDefinietly worth it on the sale price and probably worth it on standard price.Really enjoyable little gem !!!!!!"
,Recommended,287980,22089565,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,cwells1604,"Simple, easy and really immersive. Probably my favourite 10-minute or two-hour go-to click and play when I want to pass some time."
,Recommended,287980,22038676,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Smetad Anarkist,"Fun, challenging and just a smidge addictive."
76561198094554589,Recommended,287980,22090391,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,starfish84,Great game in my opinion. Music is calming and relaxing and gameplay is great - it can be difficult at times but I love the challenge.
,Recommended,287980,22088868,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,QuickRime,"Mini Metro is what I would call a ""meditative"" puzzle game. While attempting to optimize the system is a rewarding puzzle experience, the best part of this game might be simply watching your city grow. Starting from a just a few shapes, your map grows into massive colorful soundscape of public transit, slowly spiraling out of control. How quickly it returns to chaos is, of course, up to you.Highly recommended for fans of simple puzzles and designs with emergent depth."
,Recommended,287980,16451644,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,strangeone,"Simple, smart and addictive.I failed for a couple of times after I realize that I should really put some high mathematics in. Beautiful application for graph theory.Waiting for soundtrack, hope that it will be some 8-bit like (could be just an option)."
,Recommended,287980,22319906,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Pootis Spencer,"Casual, fun, and addicting. You will lose."
,Recommended,287980,21991961,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Astlos,Pleasent puzzle game with a zenlike tone. The challenges are damn brutal
,Recommended,287980,27552650,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FocusedRISK,"Fantastic and addictive indie game, I've been waiting to get it and finally did during the 2016 Autumn sale. The mechanics are simple, but it's quite complex. Fun times."
,Recommended,287980,27553062,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Captain Love Muscle,"Simply wow.  Well worth the full price, but I ended up getting it on a sale.  Simple game, but huge curve on getting things set up well.  Already several hours in and keep coming back to it.  Relaxing enough once you realize you will eventually lose every time."
,Recommended,287980,27521349,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Foermchenrambo,Just a great game.
76561197979505422,Recommended,287980,14913503,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Epistemophiliac,Amazingly fun little game - look forward to see what comes next with it
,Recommended,287980,14929603,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Farbal Whitetail,"It seems so simple, until it isn't."
,Recommended,287980,14933021,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Karl,"Fantastic fun so far! Can't wait for the soundtrack/audio to be sorted. Really enjoying it as, well what starts as, an easy-going point and click experience."
76561198004626382,Recommended,287980,14923730,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,sprintf32768,Fantastic.  Instantly addictive.  Beautiful experience in a clean design.  Really exceptional.
76561198015391976,Recommended,287980,14885771,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,seaxon,Map Simulator 201510/10
76561198112849597,Recommended,287980,13991052,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Certified Human,"This is a fun game and will give you about 20 hours of fun. The controls are a bit hard and the game feels overall unfinished, but otherwise it does really well. The price is great, and it is worth the money."
,Recommended,287980,13991523,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Tamahome Jenkins,"This is a great game. The one thing I would change is that each piece transported should pay a fare, then at the end of the week, the player should have the option to use the fare to buy a new line, a new carriage, or build a tunnel/bridge. The way it is now, it is completely random, and nothing is more frustrating than having a beautiful, efficient map, then having a station show up on an island when you don't have a tunnel, then not having a choice to build a new tunnel at the end of the week. Maybe this is the effect that the developers are going for since this is a puzzle game, but it can be pretty annoying.Also, why is Hong Kong so ♥♥♥♥ing hard????"
,Recommended,287980,14093925,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Matt--,Very nice game. Gets very tough fairly quickly.8/10
,Recommended,287980,14197527,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ThroatRipper666,"This game is good fun. But! You really have to be into the whole ""city management/ efficiency"" type gaming to enjoy it. Spawn points pop up for new passengers to be delivered. You must keep the rails/tubes from backing up or you fail (which isn't really a fail) It will ask you to continue or restart and you can rearange your lines.The objective is clear, but it is also endless.You are given multiple city layouts to play on starting with London, Paris, Tokyo and New York. Many more as well, I just haven't played them all.It is all click and drag. There are no hot keys, but the interface is very friendly. No music yet... (early access stuff in the works)Overall I very much enjoy this game. It's simple and fun to play when you just want to chill and listen to some music while toting aroung you pixel people from station to station."
,Recommended,287980,14184047,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Rand♡m™,Simple and fun.
,Recommended,287980,13296552,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Terrible Chinese Characters,Filled the void that was Sim Tower. Funny that the trains behave like elevators though.
76561198091270393,Recommended,287980,12832679,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,joe_trev,This is a game which is for everyone. Even if you don't like trains or anything it a fun little strategy game which is really cheap. *****/*****
,Recommended,287980,12833372,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Packlemore,"A great way to kill time, minimalistic but very fun."
,Recommended,287980,12621222,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,военная цмка,best game ever 10/10 <3
76561198144877315,Recommended,287980,12622242,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Allix,I love this game. It's minimalistic style and ease of use compliment the gameplay perfectly. I find it's very relaxing after a busy day and it's so much fun to play.
76561198043118926,Recommended,287980,12624793,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Atchy,I am genuinely confident that I could actually open up my own metropolitan undergroud rail network all thanks to playing this game.
76561198098590136,Recommended,287980,12627036,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,dropbear,"Simplicity vs. complexity...The idea is simple: connect stations so passengers can get to their destinations.Being designed simple in rules, the complexity makes it really challenging.It is a catching little strategy game!"
,Recommended,287980,12932628,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,BigPikachu,"Cheap, simple, addicting strategy based game."
76561198055456639,Recommended,287980,12733670,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Empire Builder,"A very addictive little game.  Hope to see great things in the future (more stats, cities, ... )"
76561198017723865,Recommended,287980,12736130,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,sorseris,simple and challenging at the same time.7.5/10
,Recommended,287980,12737598,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TheKingsTourney,"A simple and fun, yet daughtingly challanging procedurally generated game. Bold colors and an intuitive interface make for a pleasing gaming experience."
,Recommended,287980,12688744,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Pinhead Alex :KSmiley:,It's like an animated maths problem holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's so difficult a computer couldn't even do it (hahahahahahahahaha). Genuinely a pretty good game to waste time with / get addicted to.
,Recommended,287980,12690922,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SirMaverick34,"This game is pretty addicting! It's fun to expand and dynamically create stategies to make your metro lines more efficient, The game needs no explanation as it's pretty self-explanitory, shapes want to go to that station and the train will take them there. The art-style and design is very clean and polished, the menu is pleasing in the same manner.The only thing I can suggest for the future versions of this game is a map generator and creator, the game does feel small in the sense that only a few select cities are available. A ledgend to show what lines have what locomotives and cars would help organize things when the map populates with more stations."
,Recommended,287980,12691686,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Haglar,3 Days in and every spare moment has been spent trying to get those flipping triangles to stop having a million man march at the furthest station from anywhere... 10/10
76561198044692506,Recommended,287980,12764333,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,barghest,"Very good gameplay, especially being an early alpha. You need to optimize, rearrange and rethink every time a new station pops up or changes its form. Keeps you engaged the whole time, not much idle sitting and watching.Its easy to understand but there is a lot to master. The graphics though simple are very polished and functional.The user interface is very skillfull excecuted. A very good in-between-game that easily manages to draw you in for some more hours."
,Recommended,287980,12705719,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ggalegrant,"Really good fun. Takes a little while to learn all the things that are possible, but once you learn the game mechanics, you're on your way!Totally recommend."
76561198090948575,Recommended,287980,12711338,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,THRACAZARD,mini metro is a very simpel game but is a lot of fun if bord or just whant some think to do
76561198247899864,Recommended,287980,19199080,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,The Illustrious Mr C,A very creative little puzzle game that will stress you out beyond belief. After only 1 hour of this game I have had 2 cardiac arrests.
76561197972044272,Recommended,287980,19148212,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,gengangere,"Superb. If you think this will interest you even just a little bit, it will."
76561198055035089,Recommended,287980,17398806,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,GivenThePenguin,Starts playing: 7pmTries to unlock Cairo carriage achievement: 7:01pmFails and goes to bed: 3:56amStarts playing: 10:23am...
,Recommended,287980,19117577,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Daniel,Great simulation game!
,Recommended,287980,19141675,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,EnduroDoug,"Nothing funny to say here. This is a purely brilliant, ambient, cerebral puzzle game that is as highly addictive as it is deceptively complex. There is no reason not to adore this game."
76561198025265046,Recommended,287980,19118932,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Sylvesta,My favorite.
,Recommended,287980,19240313,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,deadend85,"this is such a joy to play, also its so minamalistic."
,Recommended,287980,30628569,Posted: 19 March,all,Chapel,OOH YES GET THIS its really relaxing but difficult at the same time and its worth it!
,Recommended,287980,30619180,Posted: 19 March,all,jackson.emanuel,"Mini Metro has a sleek, minimalist interface that suits its straightforward gameplay. You won't be doing much more than connecting the dots, but using finite resources to bridge obstacles and improve particular lines turns out to be addicting. Use as a meditation aid."
76561198177091154,Recommended,287980,19217959,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,gamerT51,very good very fun mabye add some form of multiplayer like a verses thing but can be fustrating  10/10  would break my laptop again
76561198156639220,Recommended,287980,19208639,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Cipolla,"It might be a bit costly for what it is, but it's also amazingly addictive and fun!Do not expect over-complicated features, but for a light mass transit simulator, it's great."
76561198208743825,Recommended,287980,19205662,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,broccoli_lover_omega,"Incredible game. Deceptively simple, strikingly elegant, and loads of fun. Get it."
76561198066417442,Recommended,287980,19252817,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,undorf,So far this game has taken 44 hours of my life.
,Recommended,287980,19249293,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Chrisstoph,"Well I bloody love this game, such a simple idea yet perfectly created. I just carnt stop playing. Have a look at my gameplay and review below.https://youtu.be/cumCMut40DMAlso if you want to play the SECRET MAP my How to Video is belowhttps://youtu.be/MK4HT9RFsHo"
76561198100475397,Recommended,287980,19247475,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ha1ku,"An artful, simple game that requires quick thinking and the ability to think ahead. The audio is both functional and simple, without being distracting. One of the few games I own that I find relaxing while I play."
76561198082768434,Recommended,287980,17577711,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Tempheror,"I looked back and realized that my early access review was outdated, so...here I am. Before, I stated that I found the gameplay interesting, but repetitive. So bottom line: Did they fix that??? ...........well...not really...But, with the few extra features added here and there, the game has enough pull to keep me playing for more than 10 minutes. So, if you're interested at all in buying this game, I can say without a doubt that you should try it."
76561198042761493,Recommended,287980,19397449,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Blueshroom,A very nice Game. I love the Design and the music of this game. Also it is nice to play on a touchscreen (Surface pro 3). The only downside is that it gets a bit repetitive and that there is no story that will pull you through. Therefore I only recommend it for true metro planers.
76561197966104966,Recommended,287980,19400192,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,avp2501,Fun little puzzle game with a great soundtrack
76561198069579196,Recommended,287980,27846745,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,charliemichaelis,It's fun I guess
76561198005033178,Recommended,287980,27801871,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,You Touch My Tralala,"Simple graphic, but amazingly addictive gameplay. At the first glance, this game might seem to be easy, but it can be quite challenging too!Would recommended"
76561197970369300,Recommended,287980,27885463,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,No.2 Pencil,Relaxing game.
76561198004013018,Recommended,287980,28040311,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Shydn Crumph,"relaxing, fun, worth it"
,Recommended,287980,27997655,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tintin,"Beautifully designed game, easy to learn, hard to master. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,287980,28000137,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WŁOCŁAWEK KECZUP PIKANTNY,Most zen and addictive game I've played in a long time.
76561198019646415,Recommended,287980,27999056,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BushyLindberg,The most soothing game. Ever.
76561198016880157,Recommended,287980,28003793,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Riik,"A fun and addictive little game... unless you love circles. Because after playing Mini Metro, circles will be your arch nemesis. SO MANY CIRCLES! WHY CAN'T I HAVE A SQUARE FOR ONCE!?*Cough*... whilst the gameplay seems simple at first, Mini Metro creates an increasingly challenging environment where efficient planning with limited resources is key. What begins as a relaxing connect-the-dots game turns into a rage-inducing ordeal as you shout angrily at your trains to HURRY UP AND PICK UP THOSE DARNED PASSENGERS BEFORE THE TIMER EXPIRES!!!! GRAAAHHHH!!!Um... yeah... >.>"
76561198192448238,Recommended,287980,28078919,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ne555,"This game about building urban subway transit systems is deceptively deep. It looks at first glance like any typical, simplistic indie puzzle game, but very quickly you'll start to realize how sophisticated the game mechanics and AI actually are. The user interface, from the main menu, to the online high-score tables, to clicking-and-dragging your train tracks around the screen, are both super easy to use and very cool looking--and everything works flawlessly. The rules of the game are actually pretty complicated, and I won't go into them here--but you can start playing without much understanding of what's going on, and pick things up gradually and casually, which is a feature I always like... If you're interested in games that are super clean and cute, and easy to get started with, but then suck you into hours and hours of increasingly complex sessions, then here's one you definitely want to nab."
,Recommended,287980,28078306,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ZeroFiveSix,"Delightfully peaceful and yet engaging, Mini Metro is a zen-like puzzle challenge where the goal is to move the people where they want to go by creating an elegant but capable transport network of brightly coloured lines.  The calm music belies the building tension of panic and stress as your network and city grow, more passengers appear, and your comprehensive design becomes increasingly compromised, fragile, and complicated.  And yet it's still so fun to pull the stretchy lines from one place to another, rerouting the trains and trams from one station to the next as you sink into a flow of light, geometry, and sound.  Short, simple, and yet endlessy entertaining, Mini Metro is is a game you'll be surprised to find yourself playing late into the night."
76561198070634794,Recommended,287980,28080143,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nasim,"It's so staisfying to play, because the city is evolving and you have to evolve your metro with the city."
,Recommended,287980,28061479,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Caphalox,A fantastic game with a cool looking design. It's easy to learn for Beginners but it's really hard to master. Would recommend it for everyone who wants to have a Game what you can play everytime.
76561197974554183,Recommended,287980,28149799,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,failathon,"Surprisingly simple, relaxing, soothing music and satisfying.Logistics however gets very complex, very quickly... so the challenge (& the 3 modes) are keeping me on my toes.Working on macOS & Windows just fine, and I'll certainly enjoy this game both at home and when I hit the road (I travel regularly.)"
76561197992995333,Recommended,287980,28119931,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Chiapet,"Elegant game that is simple, and yet tactically challenging.Only downside is that (for the price) it should have more Modes.Also would be nice to have a Normal, Medium, and Extreme challenge each day."
76561198044434892,Recommended,287980,28102059,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Me0me0me,This game is beautifully simplistic and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys games where you can sit back and watch something you've built work its magic. If you enjoy transport managers you should give this game a try and in an odd way I would compare it to games like Factorio even.
76561198008094052,Recommended,287980,28109476,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,gareeth,I had some early concerns when I opened the game.  However those vanished after playing it for a while. It is enjoyable and relaxing - well until a station overflows.My only remaining problem with it is in maps with a lot of white it losing the cursor is an issue. (I suck visually at the best of times )Overall it is an excellent game for a very reasonable price.
,Recommended,287980,28047890,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mild Mannered Nerd,"A strange blend of a relaxing, paced management game, and ah-everything's-burning simulation... Thoroughly recommend, utterly perfect for that 'quick little game', yet runs of the risk of becoming an addiction."
,Recommended,287980,28046776,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Whemever,"So Simple, so easy to get into, so infuriating! joining the dots building underground's seems so simple, yet it soon has you trying to do three things at the same time and going for the freeze time button. This game is just so simple, it is excellent, brilliant hook and is easy enough that an 8 year old can play it as can a 70 year old, You don't need amazing reflexes, you don't need to be thinking 15 moves in advance, it is a game played in the here and now and all the better for it.I love it and i'm so glad to see it out as an App, but this game is so cool and has been since it launched - and i was there...at some point!"
,Recommended,287980,24409756,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mangey Walrus,"The interface is beautifully simple, as is the gameplay. It can be relaxing, but it is also challenging. The speed of the game picks up over time, which is nice, and the achievements give you additional challenges to push your problem solving just a little further than you might think possible."
,Recommended,287980,24409542,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Bringer of Jollity,"Aesthetically pleasing, brain demanding gameplay! Maybe very slightly overpriced, but definitely recommended. It's worth it."
76561197985414914,Recommended,287980,17356945,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,lordbrian1,"This game is strangely addictive. It is based on simple mechanics, but each play-thru is unique thanks to random station spawning and end-of-week awards. I cannot wait for the final version and would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys simple and addictive games."
,Recommended,287980,17331472,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,cyrilgaz,"Very nice game, demonstrating that simple concepts can make very addictive complex challenges. Graphics are clean and nice; I guess sounds will also be when it will be available. This game is a casual one in the very good sense of the term: when I haven't a lot of time available, I'm playing it, have fun, an filled my free time with a good moment. Despite the limited number of maps, trying to improve our best score ensure replayability."
,Recommended,287980,17986691,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,beeurd,Mini Metro is a puzzle/sim game with a simple concept that is easy to pick up. The visuals are clean and the recent addition of with soothing audio is a perfect match. The game is a joy to play; utterly relaxing even when your rail network's failure is imminent.
,Recommended,287980,17987128,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,tm24fan8,Quite the addictive time-killer game!
76561198045141446,Recommended,287980,18212697,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,recurvedshedua,"Stumbled upon this game when thumbing through the minimalistic genre. As it happens I have become quite a fan of it. Let me give a quick rundown of what happens here:* you select a map to play on* stations appear on the map* passengers appear at the stations with various destinations in mind* these stations all require the player to connect via transport lines* as time runs on, things get more hectic, more stations appear with more passengers..etcStations are denoted by shapes. Passengers appear next to the stations as a shape which tells where they want to go. For example a square station with a triangle passenger shows up you need to shuttle them to the nearest triangle station. As time goes on you will have many triangle stations on your map. The passenger does not care which triangle station you let them off on. This means the most efficient lines have all different shapes on them. Connecting a bunch of triangles together in one line is not really a good idea. Passengers that are waiting at a triangle station will never be triangle, so having the next three stations in your line be triangle is not efficient. They will ride the train until they reach their correct station, or wait at that station until the connection can be made by getting off on a station with multiple line connections that eventually lead to their destination. (basically like a hub station) This is where it gets tricky. The shapes on the map can change over time. Special shapes also appear that are rare. This means that you will undoubtedly have only one line that reaches a special shape. This will cause a buildup at the hub ""interchange"" station which for me usually ends up to be the square shape. There are many ways to play the game. Hopefully that short explanation will help new players get into the game.There are resources, in that you have a limited number of train lines, trains, passenger cars, and tunnels to traverse different map layouts that have bodies of water. You can also control the time by pausing it (which is very helpful later on in the game) or by speeding it up. It appears to me that both the stations and passengers at the station are generated randomly on the map. I am not that good at this game but maps generally last about 5-15 minutes before game over. It can get to be hectic toward the end of a round, where pausing and micromanagement comes in if you want to move 2000+ passengers before game over. This can be obtained by reworking lines, moving passenger cars and trains around, etc. You can even pick up a train and toss it back down in another direction if one half of your line is getting crowded.For a quick technical run down, this game appears to use the Unity engine, and currently uses less than 300MB of disk space. The game runs fine on Windows 10. The interface is clean and modern with large readable text. (thanks for that) The game users colors in an important way to denote lines/trains and includes a color blindness mode. The game is quite minimalistic from a graphical standpoint, using solid colors and thankfully has a night mode. Night mode dims the color palette which is amazing as I usually play this game at the evening hours in low light conditions. All good stuff here.I am no expert but here are some early tips on playing the game:* you can ""loop"" in new stations by dragging a nearby line to connect it* you can redraw a line by moving around either end of the line where there is a T marker* you can delete a line by selecting the color swatch at the bottom of the screen* you cannot cross lines when out in the open away from a station* trains and carriages can be moved from one line to another (you can even remove all trains from a line)* same as above and you can place the train back down going in the opposite direction* try to make sure lines do not have the same shaped station connected in a row* don't forget special station shapes and make sure multiple lines can see them* keep on the lookout for shapes in your line to change, this happens and can go unnoticed* spacebar key will pause and resume the gameC = circleS = squareT = triangle(the most common shapes are C and T, S being less common and specials not included into below basic examples)Example of good lines:  CST, CTCSTCT, TCTSCTCExample of bad lines: CCC, CSCCCCT, TSTCTTTTThe good idea above is to try and center the SQUARE station so it isn't all the way at the end of a line. It is a semi-rare station so on a long line it is helpful to have in the middle ground. Also note the rotation between common shapes, this allows trains to dump the passengers right off at the next station. The bad line has connections of same shaped stations together, with the semi-rare SQUARE at the far end of a line. It gets much more complicated as the game runs on but hopefully this helps explain the idea.Glad I purchased this game, and thanks to the developer for making it![edited in full review content]"
,Recommended,287980,18221839,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,G I O N,"One of the best strategy game! Very relaxing and cool game. To play in the meantime. Great designed and modern game. Not to easy (challenges), but great game experiences! Large Choice.-Recommendation to buy-"
,Recommended,287980,18286409,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Data_Transfer,"I think this game is really neat. It's quick and fun to learn, it's certainly a nice departure from the twitch shooters  and bigger strategy games. I like having something like this to pass the time, it'll go for however long you'd like it to or are able to service the passengers.  I get the same kick out of this as games like eufloria, its visually pleasing and calm, yet hectic at the same time. I suggest the nighttime mode, it's just a darker paint scheme but I rather like it."
,Recommended,287980,18209285,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Caelo,"The addition of its superb sounds highlight the wondeful dynamism of Mini Metro and finally gives it not just polish, but a whole new level of immersion. Overall, Mini Metro is a minimalist, and I might daresay even artful, treat for the brain, eyes, and ears. I definitely recommend getting it if you've ever been curious about urban planning or infrastructure or maybe even the metro in your own city. Get it before the price bumps up!"
76561198162638496,Recommended,287980,18168493,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,keiththeboy,"Fun, calm,  and relaxing puzzle game to play when you wake up or before you go to bed. I've already spent way too much time on this. Definetely a strategy to it as well. In game statistics as well as other game modes makes it more interesting!"
,Recommended,287980,18168716,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Ψ | Psi-Lapse,"Ok. So. Mini Metro. In the time I've played it I've already played two games, and will play much more.I was surfing the steam line when I stumbled upon this here Sweden simulator.There is no complexity.There is no limit.There is simply the entoxicating will to have everything connect to everything.Its cheap is on the calming side, give it a shot. You might enjoy it.It even has a night mode.Its actually kinda cute and I enjoy it a whole lot.Pick it up I tell you. Do it! Its neat!"
76561197970966136,Recommended,287980,18114317,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,L3ni3r,"Instantly got this in Early Access.The simplicity of this game gives it repeat playability.  Starting off calm and tranquil quickly turns into a chaos of carriages and interchanges, always watching the station buildups and panicking to add extra trains etc.Love Japan and the bullet train!  That thing is super quick."
76561198342164619,Recommended,287980,30535835,Posted: 15 March,all,sarah.polaschek,great game
,Recommended,287980,18096736,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Arcturus,It's a good game.. But I just wish there was more to it!
,Recommended,287980,18087175,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Madradubh8,"Simply one of the best games in my library. Addictive. Everything about it from the minimalist, smooth interface to the recent addition of audio, to the core gameplay is top class. I picked it up last Xmas sale for about €2.50 but at it's current price of €9.99 it's still worth it. When it is fully released with additional features such as sandbox mode and additional cities, it will be even better than it already is."
76561198074872701,Recommended,287980,16839311,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Jo Jo Stalin,"A really fun game, with good audio!"
,Recommended,287980,18306229,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,餃,great game
76561198037184970,Recommended,287980,18329141,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,trifficjam,Brilliant
,Recommended,287980,24749989,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,kingjay,"Lovely casual game. Beautiful design, addictive gameplay, ideal for half an hour if you're bored. It's of the games I really pick up every so now and then when I just want to have a short, nice game to play, without too much thinking, without too much hassle. Give it a try."
76561198132873707,Not Recommended,287980,19967536,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TS | OneWingedDevil,"The game is very fun for the first ten minutes, but then the game gets extremely repetitive with no variety whatsoever. This is a game that should be a free Apple/Android game like Crossy Road or Flappy Bird. The gameplay is good, but it gets boring after about 1 session of gameplay. The maps don't really have much variety, almost always including a river. There is no option to change the difficulty, so you are basically just waiting for the game to get harder when you start out. There is also no easy mode, and the game is very hard for people just starting out. I would say that this game is definitely not worth the ten bucks."
76561198045448845,Recommended,287980,24615391,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,GumbyWench,"This is a good thing. Play it and SHUT YOUR MOUTH,"
,Recommended,287980,24677101,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Marcus,Enjoy the almost zen atmostphere that Mini-Metro provides while raging because you can't connect the circle to the square because you don't have any bridges.
76561198078426898,Recommended,287980,24674333,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,JurjenB,"Man, what an awesome game this is. I just keep coming back, playing about 10-15 minutes every day for the daily challenge. It's simple, fast and beautifull, I love it."
76561198030463449,Recommended,287980,24538788,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Atomisk,Excellent logistics game.  Perfect for a casual pickup.
76561198006637642,Recommended,287980,24558155,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Eleven Benevolent Elephants,I never cared so much about little circles before.
,Recommended,287980,24425188,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Burn,An excellent little puzzle game.
76561197993657118,Recommended,287980,24573684,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Paleorange,"I want to completely love Mini Metro, there is so much going for it, especially the perfectly executed interface and presentation, but before I can get to the point playing this game a lot more I get another circle shaped station that is obviously a system designed to eventually bring your train network to a halt (just google ""Mini Metro circle"" to get the idea of how much it annoys people). I think i'd rather have a totally RNG system for station shapes than the weighted system the game has now. It is so frustrating to find you have little choice but to link up 6 circle stations in a row and then watch the passengers pile up as full trains pass through with nowhere to offload their current passengers.If the previous paragraph made little sense to you then I suggest playing the demo which will demonstrate exactly what I mean. If you can put up with the constant frustration then underneath the surface is a fun little game that can allow you to while away the odd 30 minutes or so when you have the chance. I can't play more than 1-2 games at a time because of the issues, but I know i'll come back to it occasionally when the urge takes me, which is why I can just about recommend this game overall."
,Recommended,287980,24702371,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Smexican,May seem stupid yet is insanley addictive and fun
,Recommended,287980,24663174,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,popojan,"I suppose that most negative reviews here stem from not realizing that pausing the game to rework the network or reassign trains to lines to adapt to new conditions is possible and according to the rules.For me a wonderful little game with high replay value and clean minimalist design I would dare to call art. I have played it before, now bought it also for my Steam account. I do not think it is overpriced."
76561198120736560,Recommended,287980,24635049,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,42TB,Great cool off game to relax with. The music is great and the game gets harder at a perfect pace.
,Recommended,287980,24601563,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Drunk_Sensei,"This game is crack cocaine. Between the great music, minimalist graphics and providing that itch for endless optimisation, it creates an environment where your perception of time is distorted."
,Recommended,287980,24606013,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,MisterMatt,"A strict yet beautiful simplicity belies the fiendish depth of this puzzle of networking and decisions.  Intuitive use of colour, symbols, animations, and sound allow the gameplay to be almost entirely independent of language requirements.I was however left wondering for an explanation for the number and meter in the top right corner during the endless mode (where you focus upon efficiency instead of station overcrowding)."
76561198005129286,Recommended,287980,24439804,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,KH,This game has stolen all of my spare time.GJ!
76561198111733433,Recommended,287980,24488477,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,powdered_cabbage,"Realistically modelled after Toronto, NYC or any major city with a metro system:Available resources inversely proportional to need.Passengers only get off at stations that look like themselves.Once sufficient number of passengers are delivered, city is ""won"" and consultants move onto the next city, leaving the chaos they created in the hands of the politicians."
,Recommended,287980,20197759,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Blue Fox,"When I boughtMini Metro, I was just especting a ""Smartphone-like game"" to spend some hours. I was really wrong. Not only is Mini Metro a fantastic, addicting (but never boring because it's always different), and amazing game, but is really one of the best ""train game"" ever made, is a lot of ways can even top series like Train Simulator or Rail Simulator. It is really simple to understand and play, but of course really hard to master and get high scores (like arcade games, Pac-Man DX). ten euros will give you just hours and hours of fun with little cities and big metropolises."
76561198004543440,Recommended,287980,20217271,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Singularityは再び富士山に行きたい,"The short:Flappy Bird on the MetroThe long:It is a fairly simple game, which gives you some tools for you to build your metro.However, under its simplicity lies a depth of gameplay you would not find in a similar game.It is very easy at the start, however, once the stations start popping out one after another, you are forced to make decisions that could make or break your Metro.Do you choose to extend your existing Metro lines or to build new lines?Do you choose to get more trains or tunnels?This is a game that is simple yet complex and will give gamers who are seeking a challenge a run for their money.Add in global leaderboards and you can see where this is headed to... :)"
76561197995425192,Recommended,287980,24286993,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Meanwhile,"You really don't need to read any reviews. It is exactly what it looks like. After a single glance at any of the videos or stills, you already know whether you love it or not. I happen to love it."
76561198119250184,Recommended,287980,24342293,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,bigdaddy00,"This game is SO DAMN ADDICTING! I first found MM when NerdCubed reviewed it. I decided to give it a shot and honestly blew my mind. The game follows Harry Beck's map style from London Underground, and overall I love it. It is neat and organised. However, I have some recommendations for fixing bugs/tweaking the system.-I found a bug where you can connect more than 3 lines at once.Step 1: Find a place where three lines run with a curve between two stations.Step 2: Place a fourth line down, but on the opposite side.Step 3: Connect a fifth line to the left or right of the fourth line.Step 4: Repeat Step 3 if needed.- When you get far into the game, you sometimes would need a fourth line to travel in an area with three lines already (pain in the♥♥♥♥♥. What I think would be cool is a tunnel upgrade where you can have more than 3 lines per tunnel / track.-The spline points for some stations causes some of my lines to bend downward, when a prexisting station is 90 degrees to the left/right. Harry Beck would not do that. Especially in tunnels. It wastes more precious tunnels.-Speaking of tunnels, there should be a lot more tunnels you start with in London, Paris, NYC, Berlin, Cairo, Melbourne, and Auckland. It is so annoying.Like I said, overall, it is on my Top 10 best games ever played. And I have plaed a ton of games.  Looking forward to seeing this game grow in the near future."
76561198024272611,Recommended,287980,24306351,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ihatevans,"This is one of those games I was obsessed with for awhile.  It has a beautiful simplicity that makes me incredibly envious of as a game designer and entirely grateful for as a player.  Mini Metro is a balancing act that requires you to pay attention and plan ahead while you manage your resources in a totally unique way.  The game is so simple, but don't let that fool you - it's hard.  In a way this game reminds me of Diner Dash where it's a timed juggling act where you're constantly trying to keep your head above water, except there is no end (other than loss).   The game loop is incredibly addicting.My only complaint is I hate to start over each time.  It makes it a bit repetitive, but that's the nature of the game.This game is unique and totally worth checking out."
,Recommended,287980,24325719,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Insomnicron,A chill game that still picks at your brain.Also: Displays all the data you could ever want (or as little) after each game in a manner of a stats geeks beautiful dream!
,Recommended,287980,24330459,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,GG_Jialat,Great game from the developerer. It makes you wonder how hard it is to plan a city metro lines. Apparently it is not as simple as placing some lines. Highly recommend to grab a copy to play
,Recommended,287980,24243818,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ben,A game that will let you prove to yourself that you really could have designed your cities public transit better than those jerks who were put in charge.  A++.  Would ego stroke again.
76561198023566739,Recommended,287980,25289236,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Addi101_SEALTEAMRICK,this game is simple and fun and has a really nice graphics
,Recommended,287980,25313567,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Redmaster,"simplistic and brilliant, even though i'm crap at it"
,Not Recommended,287980,19757004,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,BrianH1988,"The Game crashes frequently. I have checked, this is the game itself, it even did so after a restart. I have played the Unity Web Version and that actually worked. I like the game concept but the developer needs to think about his decisions on this one. $10 for a game that is at best broken."
,Recommended,287980,20163318,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Redzt,Awesome Game! Its really easy to learn but gets difficult fast. I love it and play it just to chill out.
,Recommended,287980,20172380,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,OpiZoid,"Amazing Game. For anyone looking for a casual puzzle title that has a bit of a challenge, this is the perfect balance."
,Recommended,287980,20148229,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,e-bully 🍨,never knew drawing lines can be this fun
76561198031245509,Recommended,287980,20127581,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,peanutlife,"I keep coming back to this game whenever I have 10-20 minutes to spare. Couldnt get above 1600 passengers so far. But I am figuring out techniques to layout lines.Decent game, can't go wrong with this."
,Recommended,287980,20136122,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,brekiy,MTA Simulator 2015. Passes the time well and it's got some of the slickest presentation I've seen in a long time.
,Recommended,287980,20125894,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gamwise Samgee,A challenging puzzle game that is easy to pick up and has a beautifully minimalistic UI.  Fun game to play whether you have ten minutes or a couple of hours.  What's not to like?
76561198114123944,Recommended,287980,20135673,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,EPICPIKAGUY,-make a subway-passengers get angry-they shut down subway-wash-rinse-repeat10/10 would move around shapes again
,Recommended,287980,20188065,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,kernel_mustard,This game really needs some music
,Recommended,287980,20213303,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Otter.Spotter,"While minimalistic, this game is intriguing in it's depth of strategy and in fact is capable of pproviding hours of entertainment. One would expect a ""connect the dots"" to be quite the reverse. With a beauitiful colour pallet, this game is without question a worthy addition to anyone's library."
,Recommended,287980,19837580,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,キティー,"The ideal game for puzzle lovers. Beautiful and minimalist design. It is a simple, yet dynamic game in which you build your own subway line. It seems very easy to solve at first but the game gradually reveals its difficulty. Very entertaining, relaxing and somewhat addictive in my opinion. Once your game ends, you will want to start over."
76561198038212520,Recommended,287980,19872585,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,yjcyberia,"Simple to pick up and yet frustratingly difficult to master.  I can come home from a long day and mellow out to simple puzzle with relaxing music.  Only problem I have run into is finishing a level only to realize ive spent 2 hours building this magnificent system, when I had intended to spend 30 minutes"
76561198180190231,Recommended,287980,19887742,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,caiohideo,"Simple, beautiful, fun"
,Recommended,287980,19886519,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Hazdog,awesome
76561198121386476,Recommended,287980,23765187,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,wickes,"This game provides the chance to fail at making a train system, the system for getting train lines and trains can't keep up with your need of them later in the game."
,Recommended,287980,23950763,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sniper,VERY cool! It looks simple but once you get into it you start to realise how complex your subway can be.I'm not sure I'd play it a lot but there's plenty of challenges and achievements to get you addicted if you're into that kind of thing.
76561198085869128,Recommended,287980,14037787,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,"Le Bot, Not",this game is a really fun and easy to use / understand. I would definately recommend it.
,Recommended,287980,23845402,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,adam-davis14,"Beauty so often goes hand in hand with simplicity. Dinosouar Polo - the developers of Mini Metro took that ddesign pholosophy to heart. For starters, Mini Metro is a wonderfully minimalist game about owning and managing a Mini subway in a plethora different cities. Different shapes pop up, your job is to link these shapes together with lines representing railway lines in order to ferry passengers from staion to station.Sounds disarmingly simple? Well, in a way, yes it is: the colourful, flat graphics make information easy to asertain, the gameplay never change and to the mechanics are easy to learnd... and yet impossible to master. As your interconected railway gets more and more passengers youu must fight to make it as efficient as possible - as if a single station becomes conjested, your metro is closed and that's game over.To summarise, Mini Metro is a beautifully simple, easy to understand game that you can pick up for barely anything. It's basically Train Simulator for people who don't actualy care about rtrains and just want a caual, intuative, endlessly replayable puzzle game. Although, I must say, yu can complete the levels in a matter of hours and after that you're just retreading old ground. 8/10 - not enough train."
76561198306391092,Recommended,287980,23985163,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ewout.boelsums,This game is awesome! It reminds me of Spacechem because it has the same depth and replayability. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,287980,24240712,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Loo,"This game is lovely.Build your own metro lines!Simply drag from one station to another to draw your line. The three basic stations are circle (common), triangle (uncommon) and square (rare), passengers will want to travel from their current station to a station that matches their shape, e.g. a triangle passenger currently at a circle station will want to go to a triangle station. Over time new unique station variants appear to complicate the map and other extras are introduced slowly.Pros:+ Intuative gameplay+ Very nice minimalistic art, simplistic interface and controls+ Relaxing background music and sound effects gel well with theme+ Idividual games are not too long, generally 30 minutes (+/- 10 minutes)+ Each map is different, with different rules and regulations, such as the maximum number of trains per line or number of seats per carriage - this is not explicitly stated in game (that I have seen) but these are nice to stumble across+ Very relaxing, a great game for stress reduction+ Features an even less stressful endless mode+ Very addictiveCons:- Removing stations from the middle of a line can be a bit fiddly but you will eventually get the hang of it (drag the line inbetween the station you want to remove and the next station over the station you want to remove)- The random station spawns can get frustrating when you have 5 circles in a row!Would very much recommend to anyone, especially for someone looking for a relaxing puzzle game or a building game5/5"
76561198259725314,Recommended,287980,24743517,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,grandavidr,A simple and stylish game with a complex gameplay.
,Recommended,287980,24834250,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,jdpowers4,"Simple, intuitive, and challenging, all at the same time."
76561197981706607,Recommended,287980,22787121,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Amalzain,"While there are some basic goals to reach, this is really an endless game, as you lay out subways in a minimalist setting, making sure riders can efficiently get from circles to squares to triangles with a limited amount of vehicles, tunnels (for crossing water), and time. It starts off fairly peaceful, but the procedurally derived music and simple graphics belie the stress that grows as you see riders stacked up at a station, counting down until the system collapses under its own weight. It's an inevitability it will, it's just a question how long you can stave it off. Beautiful in its design and gameplay simplicity yet allowing for a depth of strategy you wouldn't expect, this is a good distillation of the Indie game ethos, and definitely worth your time."
76561198006740592,Recommended,287980,22818591,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ich bine ein syltmunk,This game is a delight to play for relaxation and very clever in its simplicity.
,Recommended,287980,22668387,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,adamjadair,"Good, challenging puzzles."
76561198120715152,Recommended,287980,22682533,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,masterquanker,"By far, my favourite game in such a simplistic yet complex form. Absolutely beautiful!"
,Recommended,287980,20515171,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,DrSkulk,"I'm gonna have to jump on the ""there has to be a neutral review option"" bandwagon here. I'm not going to praise or describe the game much, so if you want a detailed review, go read someone else's.My review is positive in that this game well deserves a try. It's just that it sh!ts me off how the game is not awarding me achievements that I should definitely have gotten. It's really frustrating having to sit through 20 minutes of intense thinking and planning and find out at the end of those 20 minutes that the game thinks you screwed up 19 minutes ago already. (You'll see what I mean when you go achievement hunting yourself.)You want an enjoyable experience with this game? Ignore the achievements. At least until they get their act together and fix their criteria for them."
76561198128559947,Recommended,287980,22640909,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Scarecronie,"It's a gorgeous Thursday morning. You're up earlier than usual, with a spring in your step and a song in your heart. You're daily commute lies along the District Light Rail, an overground train through the outskirts of London. Perhaps not the most spectacular view, but certainly a step up from the 'scenic' grey of the underground. You've arrived a few minutes before the train is scheduled, giving you time to glance around the station.You see a few people standing, arms crossed, seemingly scowling at the thin air in front of them. You can't empathize their gloomy mood; it's too nice a day. Far in the distance you see the train stop at the station before yours, but with only a few people at this station, you make no rush to stake out a spot.You realize your error much too late as the coming train pulls into the station. From end-to-end the rail is packed with people, and none are getting off. They've staked their spot to take them all the way back into London, with you stuck in the station until the next one comes. Of course, it is only the one train, right? Surely this one is only packed because of the rush hour commute. Your mood sours only a little as the train takes off without you, but your spirits are lifted by the rays of sunshine washing over the land....Several hours later, as you stand white knuckled and dripping with sweat, you pray this train will finally have some space. Your boss has called numerous times to angrily inquire as to your tardiness, and you fear your job may well be on the line if you don't show up soon. The station is now full of grumbling, groaning, greasy, grumpy Gus', and you bitterly realize you're just another one of the bunch. As you push back all the people clambering to the front of the line, you hear a horrified wail from the near end of the station. Your heart sinks rapidly as the approaching train audibly rolls into the stop, carrying with it what must be the entire London populus.The station, now eerily quiet collectively holds it's breath, hoping, praying that there is space for them on that train. The doors open, and to your surprise, the entire station politely lets off the passengers. Well, just the one passenger, actually. A lone man, who upon exiting the train notices the unsettling silence that has enveloped the station. He clears his way slowly through the throng of people who watch as he goes by, eventually reaching the exit and leaving them behind.A shout from the back of ""IT'S MINE!"" breaks the deadlock, and suddenly you and everyone else are clambering to make your way onto the train. The passengers already aboard are terrified, the train itself begins to violently rock back and forth from the wave of people crashing into it. Alarms blare in the din of it all, set off by the dislodging of the train from the tracks, but no one seems to care. It's not about getting to work, or making it to the restaurant for your date, or getting home before the kids set fire to everything. It's about getting on the train.A loud bang echoes from nearby, and screams soon follow suit. An elderly man, clearly fed up with public transit system set up, begins to open fire with a handgun. You seem him blindly firing into the crowd, hitting men, women, children, all like fish in a barrel. Time seems to slow down as you watch the carnage unfold, people dying right in front of you, family trees uprooted with a single bullet. You try to turn and run, but you can't peel yourself away from the carnage and terror that has taken place. As you take one last look at the shooter, you find yourself staring straight into his eyes as he pulls the trigger. And as the blood drips down your forhead, you notice just how pretty the sun looks when tinted with red on this goreous Thursday morning.So for all of you hotshot's who think this is just another game, remember: This is what happens when you let your stations get overcrowded. 10/10"
76561198111364427,Recommended,287980,20829000,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,DanderB,"I really enjoy this game.  My laptop doesn't allow Cities Skylines to run very fast or for very long without over heating lately.  This fills my immediate need for managing mass transportation.  I wish there was an IOS version.  This would translate perfectly to a tablet or phone and I would buy it.  I would play this a lot more if it was mobile.  Overall, great game.  Easily waste an hour at a time playing and then walk away.  You will be back.  I highly recommend and encourage the developers to release an IOS port!"
76561198043958015,Recommended,287980,20842220,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Nick {90MF},"I purchased this game 34 hours ago, and have 19 hours playing time logged up in that time.A superby unique, simple, fun and innovative game."
,Recommended,287980,20775553,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Spritzen,"This is a wonderfully simple and elegant, puzzle strategy. It's the most relaxing stressfest I've ever played."
76561198016942697,Recommended,287980,20873475,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tenebrous,A nice game if you only have 10-15 min to kill. Fun.
,Not Recommended,287980,20801632,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,FLECOM,"I wish ratings were more of a yes/no but I just can't recommend this game if you are looking for a transport simThat being said, Mini Metro is beautiful, simple graphics resemble infographics... generated music depending on what is happening in the game leads to a very pleasant initial experience...but once you start playing the game you start realizing where Mini Metro doesn't quite make it...things like dots just want to go to the nearest station with the appropriate shape which doesn't really make any sense in a simulation... dots will never go ""cross town""... if it weren't for ""special"" stations I don't think you would even have to connect your lines together if laid out properlythe stations seem to appear completely randomly, sometimes making efficient motion easy, sometimes making it virtually impossible...populations will sometimes rise steadily, or sometimes simply explode leading to a quick, unavoidable failure...reinforcements are just based on time (one in game week) and are too few and far between... the efficiency mode is much nicer but that will eventually max out and then you have essentially just run out of game...I hope the developer continues to work on this game since I really do love what they have so far, it just needs some tweaking"
76561198219038683,Recommended,287980,20755892,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Todd,I absolutely love this game. It is calming and has calming music yet it is still exciting. It is a stratigic game and can get intense at sometimes when a station is being overloaded. There is also a level which makes it more difficult and requires more strategy.
76561198048381827,Recommended,287980,21037657,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Phoenix,"Only had this game about 2hrs and I can already contently say that this is a great game. It's not action-packed or thrilling, but it is one of those games that you start because you have some free time and fancy something different, but then you can't stop because you want to either keep beating your score, or kee trying to carry more people around on. You'll play it until you're frustrated that if that train had arrived just 5 seconds earlier, those people would've made it and your game would've continued. Such a good game."
76561198243233456,Recommended,287980,21029169,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Suq Madiq,This game is better called Stress Simulator.
,Recommended,287980,20690580,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,vladimirbear7,"This game is an upgraded version of Connect the Dots.(But, it's the most epic game of connect the dots I've ever played.)"
76561198198421243,Recommended,287980,20741529,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,nbanerd,Addictive. Please add VANCOUVER!!
76561197971023665,Recommended,287980,20752983,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Briala6,"I can't stop playing this simple but yet deceptively complex game. I wish it was out for the Android so that I could take it with me on my tablet! When I win the lottery, I will buy a copy for all my friends and family."
,Recommended,287980,20726110,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,BaffledBanana,"Simple, yet really addictive. Kinda flight control esque if you like having a easy to play game that makes you think and you like to set high scores - then this is for you."
,Recommended,287980,20730728,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,hedgemaze,"Mini Metro somehow manages to be very relaxing and also hectic and difficult at the same time. This is basically a perfect puzzle game, something you can easily play for a few minutes, but also a game with many different challenges and difficulty modes to always give you something new to try.You must plan the metro line for a simple, symbolic city as it grows, adding to the lines as more and more stations are added, while never having any station overcrowd. There is a zen about watching your tiny Vignelli city move and breathe, and odd pride in seeing your circles, squares and triangles successfully get to their destinations, but this gets harder and harder over time as your city grows. Each city is different in layout and many have special features, like bullet trains or trams which require different strategies, or different difficulties based on their unique logistics, like a city with many waterways to cross and few bridges with which to do it. I like that naturally you can decide which ways you like to play and spend time perfecting those, or you can experiment with different strategies. Loops, express lines, many short lines, several long lines, special lines? The game encourages you to try different things.There are also three different modes you can play in per city: Normal, which is as I described above; Endless, a zen sandbox experience where you can build your ideal system with stations never overcrowding; and Extreme, my favorite, the hard version of Normal, where every line and train you put down is permanent. Think carefully!The special achievements for each city are difficult and fun, things like ""Deliver 1500 passengers in Auckland using no more than two tunnels"" or ""Deliver 1200 passengers in São Paulo using only loops"", and will keep you occupied trying different strategies to make them happen. There's a daily challenge too with a different city and mode every day, so you can try your hand on the leaderboards.I've been playing Mini Metro since Early Access, before there were different real cities to play in, music, achievements, etc., and the game was already great as it was then. It's only astounded me how much more the developers were able to improve on it beyond that. The entire game is made with obvious quality and care.I can't recommend Mini Metro enough for anyone who likes puzzle games."
76561198024255812,Recommended,287980,20736791,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,kmitrakos,"The daily missions, is a very nice touch! Maybe you want to add more games per day..."
76561198044314788,Recommended,287980,20732831,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Hellstrike,Great game which is challenging but fun. It seems easy and boring but it gets hard and interesting very quickly
76561197995352441,Recommended,287980,20886901,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,PaxAmericana,"Think of it less as a game and more as calming therapy. There's enough ""there"" there to make it a real interesting challenge if that's what you're looking for."
76561198067358991,Recommended,287980,21205982,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Junknasti,"Love this game.  Its beautiful, relaxing, and simple yet challenging.  There are achievments that you can try to get (Im one of the achievment ♥♥♥♥♥s) and they are not easy.  However, my favorite aspect to this game is the amazing music!  Basically, everytime you make a move or the passangers are picked up, and new noise is introduced to the music.  So the music develops as your metro develops.  It is such a small thing but it makes me love the game even more."
76561198268883346,Recommended,287980,20221544,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rasborg230,The Best Game I Ever have tried
,Recommended,287980,25473162,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,420 Noscope,It is a great and fun game but I do not think it is worth 10 dollars and I think it should be around 5-7 dollars
,Recommended,287980,18927680,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,TheGreyMan,a great little game that can become quite addictive.
,Recommended,287980,25487553,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Forceflow.be,"Don't be deceived by the simple look of this game: very addicting, very fun. Great gameplay. Pick this up!"
76561198064366948,Recommended,287980,30863401,Posted: 31 March,all,Inconvenient Truth,if only the lines in my city's metro could change this easily
,Recommended,287980,25324044,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,JoãoBaium,This game is awesome. It costs so little and offers so much fun. I recommend this game for everyone that loves strategy games.
,Recommended,287980,25559779,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,源氏一姐,Love the game! Super clean and simple graphics. The game gets gradually challenging as you build a large network of metro. Perfect game for a relaxing evening
,Recommended,287980,21702665,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,[HEROES] Hazmeister,"I never knew I needed this so much, and runs on a potato too!"
76561198019477697,Recommended,287980,21048605,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MungoBBQ,"Quite possible one of the best small strategy games I've ever played, this beautiful and almost calming game seems to never get boring. With its modern, simplistic gameplay, you create subway lines in different cities around the world, and while doing that, also create music with the tracks, trains, and passengers on your metro lines.This game achieves what so many other, minimalistic games fail at: Staying fun and engaging while at the same time keeping true to the core idea of the game. This game is simple to learn, yet challenging enough to keep me coming back for more. I love it!"
,Recommended,287980,20983927,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,George W. Kush,Fun little puzzle solver. Needs a better explaination of how to optimize your efficiency but I guess thats part of the puzzle to be solved.
,Recommended,287980,16218871,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rowlet99012,"Get it now...Because as this amazing game gets updated it'll be more expensive...Or you can pay more to support the devs :)So basically.....You need to ""strategically"" connect stations that appear on the map to a train line to avoid overvrowding...You can earn more trains...carriages...trainlines....and more by reaching efficency milestones. (the rate at which passengers reach their destinations in a certain period of time)More content promised by developers!Music! wooo!POST EARLY ACCESS BEYOND THIS POINT!!!AmazingSoundtrackBestInnovativeYou get surprised when you view some of the levels :)They each have their own special thing!Wonderful11/10"
76561197982120958,Recommended,287980,21320954,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,hippyvanman,"Mini metro is an absolutely fantastic game. The first thing to say about it is that it is so elegant. It's clean and not overcrowded with features or unnecersary complexity. Yet there is still time for a few cool features - such as the ability to output .gifs of your game.It's also highly additcive and can be played for hours. This is because there are many cities and three game modes (normal, endless, and extreme). To unlock cities you need to complete milestones in normal mode (eg. transport 1000 passengers) and to unlock cities in extreme mode you need to complete even tougher challenges (eg. transport 1000 passengers using only 1 tunnel, transport 1600 passengers with no more than 1 locomotive per line).In normal mode you can move lines to respond to new stations, in extreme mode they are fixed. In normal and extreme mode you recieve investment (eg. a new line, tunnels, trains or carriages - you can choose) at the end of each week and you loose as soon as a station overcrowds. In endless mode you recieve investment based on efficiency milestones and stations do not overcrowd.This game is 100% worth the money."
,Recommended,287980,21220014,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Admiral Ackbar,"Bought this game on a whim, since I wanted a game my old MacBook Air could run. This is a great game. Simple concept, complex when you get into it. A number of maps and play modes. Give it a try - I bet after 2 hours you'll want to keep playing."
,Recommended,287980,21299380,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Alïson,"There's actually little for me to say about this game that hasn't already been said.It's elegant in its simplicity. Yet at the same time, there's so much to strategize as you go through level per level.Highly addictive, and I don't see myself stopping anytime soon. The casual game I've been searching for."
76561198077934343,Recommended,287980,21217727,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Quackster,Fun & Challenging. 11/10 Would Fail to Complete Levels again. (I'm bad at this game. It's pretty hard.)
76561198093664235,Recommended,287980,21230465,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dinwy,"Easy, Simple, Beautiful."
76561198008003174,Recommended,287980,21252028,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Matthew McNeany,"Whilst the game is minimalist it is one of the best designed games I've ever played. It is highly enjoyable to play and that's fundamental to good gaming experience but what really sets it apart from other games are the design principles and how well they are implemented, from the tutorial to the daily challenge every fascet of the game feels well planned and executed. Beyond simply buying the game to play if you are in any way interested in studying game design this is a fantastic example of how to do so much right."
,Recommended,287980,21423748,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Meta Knight,Minimalist metro/monorail simulator. Very fun but gets stressful in classic and extreme mode at later stages.
76561197970901170,Recommended,287980,20369971,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Remember Politeness,"This game is exactly as it advertises itself, but still exceeds expectations in longevity and challenge. A wonderful way to waste your time in its several modes of play. Maybe the best puzzler I bought last year (2015)."
76561197993754028,Recommended,287980,20370204,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,MeisBarry,"Mini Metro is one of the best games I have ever played.The style perfectly balances simplicity and difficulty. It appeals to me as a planning and long-term strategy game as well as a short-term, reaction-based puzzle game. The end result is a calm and relaxing yet challenging and oddly immersive experience. Losing doesn't even feel frustrating. Every update continues to stay true to this. Since I found Mini Metro randomly, the devs have added sound, daily challenges, and additional levels with their own quirks without ruining or changing the experience.The general design is also excellent. The interface is effective and stays out of the way, both in terms of gameplay and aesthetic.If you're the kind of person that likes strategy or old-school arcade style games, or even just are kind of a map geek, you'll appreciate this game and it'll be worth the cost, for sure."
76561197987868264,Recommended,287980,20429065,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Hoax,Great simplistic game for optimizing subways.
,Recommended,287980,20349548,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,[25th] NorthernWarrior,"this Game is maybe very Small, sound is mimum, very limitied what to do, but however very Easy, to Play and to Learn. and its kind of Fun :) I do relly enjoyed it and was well worth the 10 Euro s? :P anyways the Game is Bases on Metro/Underground/Subway Trains/ Company.. can you make it better than the once that is in the World? and will you be able to change it to the better for these diffrent once? and will you be able to complete on ""Mission"", before every Station s is too packed with Pep, and you will lose ? or will you mange to Win the Game ? and enjoy it ? yeah I think its Possible and I have tested it and I Approve it and advise you to Test it. :P I give this game a 9 out 10 Eagle Cohort Standerd Marks from me :)"
76561198072875915,Recommended,287980,20404373,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,GamingRacerHD,Great Little Game...
,Recommended,287980,20397431,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Lt_Pyr0tek,"This game commuters:""Oh you need to get to another station? Just wait patiently till the subway is empty""""k can""Real life commuters:""Oh you n-""""♥♥♥♥ OUTTA MY WAY NEED TO SQUISH IN MOVE MOVE MOVE MOVE"""
,Recommended,287980,20322067,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Tawatchai,Minimalistic interface and gameplay. Very fun to play.
76561198060297496,Recommended,287980,12976652,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Son Jnow,Its a fun game and there adding a lot of new improvments but i think they should some how implement a competative multyplayer. Thet wpuld just make the game so much better.
76561198074734846,Recommended,287980,12980587,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Jhjj80 :3,this game is great!it kills most time and its fun at the same time its like a puzzle game but more calm!
76561198049069343,Recommended,287980,12869851,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Envy,It is quite entertaining and once it is fully developed it will be a good time waster XD
,Recommended,287980,12930717,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,giorgio,Buy this game. It's cheap and good. Worth $10 easily.
,Recommended,287980,12894640,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,marckavanagh1,"Warning: You will sit down to play for 15min and end up playing for an hour. Strap yourself into a nappy, you're in for one hell of a ride.... a train ride that is!"
76561198042059646,Recommended,287980,12911535,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Valkasman,This game is pretty fun for what it is.  It's a simple design with a lot of strategy to it.  I've played this for a several hours and is a good casual game to play while drinking some coffee.
,Recommended,287980,12915850,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,luketastic,"Awesome little game! Definitely worth downloaing, and worth the money. Simple and beautiful :)Could do with Steam achievements for replayability I reckon."
76561198010500458,Recommended,287980,12887453,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nox,"This is brilliant, very addictive. The minimalist design is perfect. Loving every second so far."
,Recommended,287980,12713500,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,robben,"Easy to learn and easy to love. Mini Metro is so simple that instructions aren't necessary; just click and drag. Simple enough, right? Well, wait until you have to choose between another rail line or a carriage. Wait until you run out of tunnels and cannot cross bodies of water. Wait until your stations start overflowing. Each round brings its own unique challenges, and it is very fulfilling to complete them. The art in Mini Metro is simple, yet it works perfectly with the game (and would now seem strange if it were presented any other way). I am excited to see future versions with music and more maps."
,Recommended,287980,12669596,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,MYU_QPR,"Played the game for the first time last night, thought I was played for an hour but ended up 5 hours. The time was gone past 4am, how in the hell did that happen?If you've not played this game, you'll get sucked in!"
,Recommended,287980,12755977,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,F14Cheetah | LAZΞR,"Its great! Simple, sleek and moderately easy to play. Very enjoyable with all the new locations and updates that come out."
,Recommended,287980,12725504,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Xh-Plasam 「カートン」,Ever wanted to know what's like to run an underground. Well now you do with this game. Just beware you might swear at shapes.
76561198092638692,Recommended,287980,12684189,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,E1TePrEadToRZ,I recommend this game becaue it's a good fun small good and it's a good game to past time on the only bad thing about this they is no audio but i think this is game is 10/10
76561197967900181,Recommended,287980,12684628,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Brandon,"I'm not really sure what it is about this little indie game, but seriously, if the subject matter interests you at all, then I recommend you pick it up.It is, by far, one of the most compulsively playable titles I have set my hands on in quite some time. Even though it resides in the early access areas of Steam, it can comfortably sit beside others that are deemed to be finished. The only thing missing from this game is sound. That being said, the sound is something I couldn't care less about. It is the least of my concern as I continue to further the efficiency and optimal layout of my subway lines.The game itself is played through various stages, in this case, cities of the world. Each stage provides you with a basic layout map and routes or ""lines"" to place between stations. The stations are represented as shapes on the map that you must connect using your lines. As you do so additional symbols are shown on the map to represent the passengers.   Your locomotives move around the map autonomously along your set routes picking up and dropping off passengers as they go. This would present itself as an easy puzzle to solve, however, as the days and weeks go by in game, that couldn't be farther from the truth. It becomes a complex balancing act to try to get passengers to and fro as quickly as possible without allowing them to build up at an individual stations. This, as far as I can tell, is the only end game state. If a station has too many passengers, the countdown begins until finally the game notifies you of your defeat.The game is so simple and elegant, yet complex and harsh, all at the same time. I haven't played anything like it before. It sits by itself in a world of indie games that are increasinging in quality all the time, yet somehow all have a familiar feeling. This eschews that familiarity for something altogether different. Something playable, satisfying, and ultimately, something worth spending your hard earned money on to enjoy fully.If you aren't sure that you would in fact enjoy it, I recommend you go online and type in Mini Metro in your search engine of choice. There you will find a link to the developers ""alpha"" version of the game. It is very bare bones compared to what we have here, but it will no doubt allow you to get a taste of things for yourself. I don't think you'll be disappointed.Highly recommended!  10/10"
,Recommended,287980,12685539,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Equinity,"It's simply amazing, for short that is. But really it is, amazing. The simplistic and minimalistic 2D artstyle is really nice. The way the game works is overwhelmingly good to be in an Early Access stage. The first few ingame days are quite simple while the further on you get in the game the harder it gets, more clutter with more stations, lines and locomotives. The stress gets real in this game.Really good game. If you haven't already bought the game I recomend you do so now."
76561198071196951,Recommended,287980,12664558,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,WizardMichael,"Can't recommend this game enough! Simple, deliciously so, yet very engaging and puzzling! I now have an even greater respect for Glasgow's excellent subway design! :P"
76561198004398960,Recommended,287980,12670487,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Nick,Great project!
,Recommended,287980,12677882,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Jan,Excellent addictive game. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,287980,12638227,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,The Casual Doctor,"Games like this are what make the indie scene great. Simple, great, modern UI and UX experience, interesting idea, executed in the simplest way to achieve an amazing, deep experience with great replay value. Very fun, very addictive, can't wait to see where it goes!"
76561198080070859,Recommended,287980,12638784,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Snoober53,so far its a fun game but it keep crashing on me... in my continued attempts to fix it i will update my review. Though that being said i do recomend it because my problem seems to be mine alone.
,Recommended,287980,12643603,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,JGizzy,This game i found very addictive just couldnt stop playing. So simple and yet so much fun. I am expecting to see so much change in this game added music and sound FX would be great but just simple music and sound FX. I would like a save feature on the game to allow future groth and not just a sudden end to level. I would highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoy these types of games. I can expect great things from a game like this. Thank you.
,Recommended,287980,12287303,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,jtron,"Pure addictive strategy, lovely to look at - and it's still in beta. Honestly I feel like this has the potential to be a classic, and I can't wait to see how it evolves as the beta releases progress."
,Recommended,287980,11701824,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,AnoDyN3,"Simple Graphics, Simple AI, Simple to Play. And Simple to Buy. Why don't you play this game?"
,Recommended,287980,13642068,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,OrangeGuac,Saw this while looking through the sale. Watched a few videos. Great game and definitely worth the money (best money I've spent on a game in a long time). Looking forward to when it's completed.
76561197996422359,Recommended,287980,13459145,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Smokingjoker,"Great, little time killer!I like playing this game!But, i don't feel  rewarded for the progress.So simple, yet so addictive.Hmmmm, not a Grand choice at the mo, but defo worth the money!"
76561197973300023,Recommended,287980,13343054,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,cdp181,Hours wasted on such a simple little game.  Lots of fun.
76561198068452533,Recommended,287980,13331923,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,KingKangTheThird,Great fun and really quite tactical. Could do with more modes and maps but im sure it will come in the future. Great Indie game.
,Recommended,287980,13359661,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,guy_takashi,"Ever thought ""I could manage a subterrainian train system better than a fancy city planner""? No? Still fun. Only gripe is trains can't share tunnels"
,Recommended,287980,15674903,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Daimes,"Brilliant puzzle game - great fun. Very well made, in terms of functionality, and it's incredibly simple to get going from the off; no instructions necessary, and you'll quickly begin joining the dots (almost literally). The UI is basic, clean and pleasant, which helps to keep the game simple. Definitely worth the £4.99 price tag.Only gripes are that there is no audio (yet), however this is being worked on, and also it would be nice to be able to zoom in and out of maps."
76561198226582404,Recommended,287980,15749116,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,austinrc1260,Very fun. Hard at times!
,Recommended,287980,15567486,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,KrispyMichael,"A fun little game! It really test your management skill, and your reaction time. Love this game!"
76561198030257798,Recommended,287980,15596388,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Nikkles,Quality game - original idea and (so far) runs like a dream. That is until you realise that you're crap at systems and leave too many passengers at the wrong station resulting in le gg.
76561198087148257,Recommended,287980,15628070,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,BlueMelon,Good game. Nice idea but pretty hard ^_^
,Recommended,287980,21144440,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,greggha,"Mini Metro- Fast-Paced Strategy; Quick to GraspAs with any simulator, a solid intro is the foundation that makes or breaks a user's enjoyment. Mini Metro starts you off playing, at a simple rate, as it slowly builds in complexity. The integration of the gradual additions is seemless, and gameplay is not interupted to prompt players with paragraphs of text to explain the gameplay.Mini  Metro is a challenging and satisfying game that will put to test your analytical, mathmatical, logic, and endurance abilities. Fast paced challenges await anyone who enjoys puzzle and strategy games. I would recommend trying it regardless of your genre preference, as I usually avoided games under similar categories."
,Recommended,287980,21881532,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,TastyWhale,I need more cities!High replayability.  Some RNG.  Daily challenges.  Simple interface (just need a pointer and a clicker).
76561198007097032,Recommended,287980,21844789,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Tarben,This is one of the best puzzle games I've ever played. So much fun with such a simple concept. Who knew connecting shapes would be so anxiety-inducing?
76561198004578961,Recommended,287980,17064595,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,pichincha,"This is the most unexpectedly addicting game I've played in years. There's great balance between the opportunity to micromanage to your heart's content, and the ability to just let your metro run. I'll gladly buy this game again for other platforms such as iOS. Dude, I am totally addicted. Can't stop playing."
76561198129143133,Recommended,287980,17101020,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Guy Beahm,Simple but efficient game! Love it!
76561198031777870,Recommended,287980,17221640,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Terry,Greatest minimalistic game I've ever played. Get in and do it NOW.
,Recommended,287980,27685811,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,unicorntart,Best game ever
76561198153163819,Recommended,287980,27635662,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RedMidget,Fun. Addictive. Simple. Great.10/10 Worth every penny
,Recommended,287980,27744226,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,µ'sic Forever,"Simple, but very thoughtful.Definitely recommend."
76561198068911503,Recommended,287980,27786249,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GerbilActs17,"Please, somebody add the (hometown) Chicago, Los Angeles, and Moscow metros! London has been fun, and San Francisco is nifty, but we need more cities. Maybe the Dubai Metro soon?"
76561198146428689,Recommended,287980,27855843,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JupiterMoons63,"Hate traffic on the train?Think you can set up the metro better than [insert your city here]?Well, you can't. But you'll have fun trying anyway."
,Recommended,287980,27935290,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,パンツお食べる,WOW! As a train fetishist this game hits all the buttons!!! Great puzzle game at a low price 10/10Tip: Don't try to replicate the real train lines patterns you will fail
76561198068643594,Recommended,287980,27943226,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,marfie,Wayyyyy too addictive
76561198038047811,Recommended,287980,27698055,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GENESIS,I absolutely thrilled with this purchase as this game is addictive and easy to pick up to play. Although it looks deceptively simple this game is quite deep as to really succeed in the game good planning and problem solving skills are required. Love the simple subway map graphics and the music just sets a great relaxing mood. Lots of different maps to play based on a myriad of real life cities with each of their own little quirks.Buy this game!
76561198025146107,Recommended,287980,27723445,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Meerkatknight,"30 minutes with this game and i already realize how addictingly wonderful it is. When I began I had no idea of what i was doing or what the mechanics were. By the end of my first play however I realized the patterns and the managment abilities you needed to be able to juggle the fastly growing stops and satisfieing all customers and where they needed to go. The Mechanics are the simplest just drag and drop the lines on where you want to go and really thats it. But because it's so simple it has a lot of possibilities and soon you'll feel so overwelmed just to figure out how to juggle so many places and train lines. Some might call it too simple but simple does not mean uningaging or boring especially when you really start to see the patterns and aren't just ploting whatever line's closest to your new stop and really thinking. Strategy really is key here and it can drag on for, what feels like, so long but really is just a few minutes because you commit all brain power to thinking on the fly as a new shaped stop comes and you have to readjust your hold system to accomodate. Oh yeah there's no pausing so you better be quick.My only real gripe is if you want to retract a stop from your line that's several stops from the end you have to retract your whole line till the stop you want to skip and then reconnect your other stops it's a small complaint especially after a little practice but once your city grows and every second counts it's kinda frusturating taking time and consentration to just cut a stop.All in all great, simple, cheap, and SUPER SUPER ADDICTING game for all ages. Super recommend and am now checking to see if i can get it on my phone.... yup downloading now!"
,Recommended,287980,27823572,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,storme,This game is so addictive that I find myself starting a new map again an hour after I've decided to STOP IT AND GO TO BED.
,Recommended,287980,27903130,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,thanosk91,most addictive game ever!
,Recommended,287980,27482463,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,daveroverts,Just a easy and fun game to play
,Recommended,287980,27485137,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blood Money,It is an entertaining game. It can provide quite joy and quality to spend some time. Nice game and recommended.
76561198071638591,Recommended,287980,27487818,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zoloz,Great casual puzzle game
76561198108082196,Recommended,287980,27405451,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Flying Dutchman,"Simple concept, yet remarkably addictive as you try to beat the challenges"
,Recommended,287980,22529389,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,crh1793,A simple and aesthetically pleasing train simulator. Fun to play during lecture or whenever you have some time to kill.
,Recommended,287980,22529519,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,BlueThunder796,Really fun game for those who want an ever changing world where every desicion you make effects the gameplay
,Recommended,287980,22545950,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,The0nlyGamer,Hands down best puzzle game I've ever played! Keep up the good work.
76561198025994109,Recommended,287980,22612322,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Collimation,"As elegantly simple as Go.  From simple beginnings you build great complexity. This game requires all the cunning, adaptability, and masochism of effective parenting. It should be the puzzle game craze of the decade.  I really want to get better at this game as it has DEPTH."
76561198177637310,Recommended,287980,16524995,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,thenickoram,"That feeling during Tetris when the bricks are stacked too high and you're scrambling to reduce the pack before it reaches the ceiling and becomes GAME OVER.That feeling is what makes Mini Metro a great game.Every game starts out incredibly simple, but very quickly begins to spiral out of control.Amazing puzzle game with no tangible solution or result.Just a struggle against the pressure of more passengers and more stations, with not enough trains, capacity or train lines.Eventually, you fail. A station somewhere explodes from overcapacity.Restart/Continue/Quit appear on screen.You press continue...And the game keeps going. With the same map.Exactly where you failed.Except now, you can focus on improving efficiency, with no fear of failure.Different locations provide varying parameters for the game experience. Hong Kong has interchanges, Paris generates more bridges, Osoka has bullet trains.Endless mode lets you jump straight into the efficiency drive, just connecting stations between lines with not much pressure.Extreme mode challenges the player with one slight, realisitic modification. Every track is permanent. Pressure overload.Very easy game to jump in to and enjoy. Difficult game to master.One of my top 10 games of 2015 so far.PROS:Simple game mechanicsWonderful display and designTension, oh boy, that tensionVariety of modes/locationsCONS:No audio (yet)Can complete all the areas and modes in a few hours8/10"
76561198176477286,Recommended,287980,16528581,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The Man-Machine,An Awesome Game.Very Recomended!
,Recommended,287980,16531873,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kgmoome,Fun connect the dots puzzle game.
,Recommended,287980,16828812,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,DirectorSpy,"Incredibly addictive and insanley stressful. As a fan of public transportation systems and city planning and simulation games, this was right up my alley."
,Recommended,287980,16898221,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,skoop,"Highly addictive game of building tracks and trying to efficiently move passengers to their destination. Each update of this Early Access game adds new fun stuff. If you like a game that you can quickly play this is it. If you like a game that you can play until you frustratingly ragequit, this is your game as well. Awesome!"
,Recommended,287980,31682150,Posted: 11 May,all,Elektrix,Gotta say this is what got me through a really boring bus ride to Nashville once. Extremely addicting and extremely fun.
76561197972755423,Recommended,287980,31713035,Posted: 12 May,all,He Who Is Pale,"Simple, but engaging. Soothing, yet frantic."
,Recommended,287980,31714315,Posted: 12 May,all,slothrop,relaxing
,Recommended,287980,31692620,Posted: 11 May,all,pyrite,Simple and entertaining.
,Recommended,287980,31673340,Posted: 10 May,all,Λ,"It's a very good game, but not for people with OCD !"
,Recommended,287980,31685639,Posted: 11 May,all,TomTomG9,"Great game to keep trhe brain moving. Dev's are adding new maps, quick loading, nice colours. Love the idea of it."
,Recommended,287980,31704323,Posted: 12 May,all,Dead Muskie,Fantastic simple puzzle game that does everything right. Same on me for not being good at it.
76561198265975752,Recommended,287980,31755743,Posted: 14 May,all,Lotusisaslothguy,Great to play when you just want to not have to think. Great fun 7/10
,Recommended,287980,31829802,Posted: 18 May,all,The Grand Merchant,A game with a simple concept that takes strategy and a bit of luck to master. Can be incredibly addicting. The developers have provided excellent post-release support with patches and additional free content.
76561197977250280,Recommended,287980,31898632,Posted: 22 May,all,Tommy Wiseau,"surprisingly fun and simple, an excellent little game"
76561198043615804,Recommended,287980,31814056,Posted: 17 May,all,Woss,Simple but fun game
76561198304342386,Recommended,287980,31861928,Posted: 20 May,all,hazzah224,when i launch the game thew icon comes up for it along the bottem of my screen then the screen turns to black my mouse still works over the black screen. i originaly thought it was just loading do i left it for ten minuets and came  back to it. when i came back ifound that noting had changed. my pc is well above the required specs to play the game. please can you get back to me ion why this is not working.ps i tryed deleting and reinstaling the game twice with no effect.
,Recommended,287980,31776752,Posted: 15 May,all,PhilaSimulation,"This game makes me like painThis game makes you emobasicallywait wrong gamewait, yeah right game111/10 I love seeing big circles kill my game"
,Recommended,287980,31912719,Posted: 22 May,all,NotMarioBalotelli,"One of the best games I have and the one I keep coming back to the most. Simple and beautiful, this is a must own game."
,Recommended,287980,24762843,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,tomlinson.daniel,"Absolutely adore this game. There is something to it, a bit of a challenge when you don't expect it, with the added bonus of a gorgeous looking execution!"
76561198200593770,Recommended,287980,28851535,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nolymari,"Great game, I can sum it up in two words if you don't want to read the entire review, relaxing funBut here's the long version of it, this game already is fine just from the relaxing music in the backround, it gives you a calm enviorment to take your mind off of any other games that are competative or otherwise multiplayer. This game is just you, and a fun puzzle stratagy game. If you are that competative you can compare scores but its very calm and doesn't have any stress. This game has lots of maps and modes and is a real challenge to play. If you don't want to deal with losing by a station being full you can go into endless mode where you can't lose. Or if you want a challenge you can do expert mode where you can't replace track once you place it. Or you can just do classic normal mode. Either way you play it is a fun game and is great. I know I will play this game for a long time"
76561198259565750,Recommended,287980,28726005,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Husky,"This game is really relaxing, although extended play will definitely stress you out with all. Of. Those. OVERCROWDED. STATIONS. AAAAHHHHI really enjoy the simplistic style and easy gameplay of this game. You should definitely buy this game!"
,Recommended,287980,28641361,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sidsloth2008,"A fantastic game, it is suitable for any gaming situation. Whether you're looking to sit for hours or if you've only go 20 minutes, you can squeeze this a quick playon Mini Metro in. The graphics are simple yet beautifully elegant. Patience is advised though!"
76561198050549041,Recommended,287980,28669648,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BakaLogic,"Mini Metro is all about creating a transit system for your population with a limited toolset.  You can create lines, add extra locomotives, carriages to existing locomotives, tunnels and other items to try and get your passengers to their destination.It's a fun game with a simple ruleset that ends up providing you with increasing challenges as the number of stations you service has grows.  It's a good purchase at full price but it's a steal when it's on sale.  I purchased it during the Winter Holiday sale and it's well worth it.  I like it enough that I'll purchase it for a friend."
,Recommended,287980,28694477,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ct. Gandhi,"Takes a few minutes to get into and understand, but once you have the jist of things then it's very difficult to tear yourself away from it."
,Recommended,287980,28000501,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,an original thought,"Fantastically replayable puzzle game with a beautiful minimalist aesthetic, boosted by a steady stream of updates (in the form of new cities to play in, each with unique mechanics)."
76561198119342164,Recommended,287980,28562760,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,lindley.waltersmith,"Listen to the soothing music, draw lines between shapes, let your little trains float along the pretty, minimalist tracks, and zone out. Most relaxing game ever. Should be marketed as stress relief.Highly recommended if you want a charming and oddly addictive game to help you unwind."
,Recommended,287980,27663921,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,风水 i got rhymes like dimes,"Trains!Feel the gratification of supporting an indie developer!Squares!White!But seriously, this game is great fun."
,Recommended,287980,12996872,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tesco,this is a really fun and enjoying game you will just have to play it evan when you have complete the game you will just pay this game 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 OUT OF 1THX MINI METRO
76561198103704058,Recommended,287980,28350239,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Everest78,"Such a simple game. Great UI proving the original Real Life iconic design was so effective. I plan to spend hours of mesmerising, frustrating and addictive time in this game.You know it's going to end in failure but you carry on refusing to accept the inevitable and as soon as it's over, you are planning your next system for best personal score!Well worth the price tag. All I need now is more stream friends on the leader board to compete!"
,Recommended,287980,27991346,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mortalmatt,Ace little game with a very addictive gameplay and really nice feel.
,Recommended,287980,20951803,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Big Willy,"Very simple and pretty game. The artstyle mimics that used by metropolitan rail maps around the world. Game play quickly becomes chaotic as you try to halt station overcrowding.It has good range of maps, from Paris to Melbourne and more, all with varying colour schemes, stations generated differently and slightly different assets available (Osaka and its high speed trains alongside regular locomotives and Cario with lower capacity trains being the most different).Additionally the Endless game mode creates a slower, less frantic experience, in which the end goal is to build an effient metro, not to prevent overcrowding at all costs, as is the goal in Normal mode.Extreme mode adds a different spin to Normal mode, not allowing you to rearrange your network once a station is connected, forcing you to think carefully about which line a station is best suited to.Although each game is short, it's incredibly easy to sink a lot of time into what is such a basic game, trying to create metro to get a new high score.Futhermore the acheivements provide fun challenges in the form of new ways to play on each cities.Well worth getting."
,Recommended,287980,24159937,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,nekowaffercat,"I played the beta years ago and finally bought this a few days ago.  This game is as fun as it is soothing, I often play it just to relax!"
,Recommended,287980,27926477,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tim.s.hamilton,"I was trying to describe Mini Metro whilst at Pax and the best way I could describe it was the gaming equivalent of chill-out music. It's relaxing, almost meditative when you play the easier game modes. Well worth getting."
,Recommended,287980,27912588,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ElusiveOne,"Mini Metro is a minimalist strategy simulation that is simultaneously relaxing and challenging. A graphic designer's dream and the sort of game that's really hard to put down. Perfect design and execution. Play it, love it."
76561198017441279,Recommended,287980,27913460,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aetherskies,"A fun little game, worth every penny. Not deep, but fun and challenging all the same."
,Recommended,287980,27674659,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mittfard,"A great game, overall. Minimalistic, easy to learn, hard to play - overall, very fun."
76561198045966388,Recommended,287980,27658031,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Acherrum,"I was looking for a relaxing casual game, when I found this...A few days before the release of a game I've been excited for, I always get this restless feeling and I have no apetite for any of the games in my library. So I always start to wonder through the Steam store aimlessly, seeing if anything tickles my fancy.I then stumbled upon Mini Metro. I had seen it before, but never thought much of it. This time, I decided to pick it up (at 40% discount) after watching some of the reviews on youtube again. Boy, does this game tickle that ""too excited about an upcoming release that I don't want to play any of my current games""-spot perfectly!I started it up, played through the tutorial and 2 hours later I decided I really had to turn it off and prepare for bed (it was 2AM at this time). Today, I decided to show the girlfriend this wonderful new puzzle game and an hour later she's apparently left the house and I'm still clicking and dragging away to make sure that every passenger gets to it's destination before they get too angry.The gameplay is simple: connect the shapes (stations) so that the passengers get to their destination as fast as possible.The longer passengers have to wait, the angrier they get. Combine this with the RNG nature of the shapes, the upgrades/resources you get and the ever growing city population that wants to travel by metro, and you've got a chaotic and challenging puzzle game that's oddly relaxing at the same time.The game has daily challenges (with leaderboards) for repeated gameplay, a bunch of different maps with different gameplay elements to make sure you don't get bored too easily.Whether or not it's worth 10 bucks, totally depends on how much you like puzzle games.A great puzzle game!"
76561198096289488,Recommended,287980,28689175,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Skeysturr,Mini Metro is a Strategy Simulation game about designer a Metro Station. Its simple look is strangley relaxing and could easily be ran on lower quality computers.Pros: Beautiful LookChallenging GameplayCons:Game can be a little boring after a whileDesign: 10/10Difficulty: 8/10Gameplay: 5/10Detail: 7/10Total: 8.5/10
76561198037782520,Recommended,287980,28740323,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JarethTheGoblinKing,This is a wonderfully hypnotic game. I strongly recommend it.
,Recommended,287980,28709727,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jmd.akbar,"Fun and annoying at the same time. It seems so easy and straight-forward, but ! :)You end up either with Not enough tunnels, or not enough carriages or at times, not enough trains altogether.And you just go back to try again.And suddenly you realise, it's gone again. You need to retry :D"
,Recommended,287980,28704371,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,L S T E R,"♥♥♥♥ing great game, would recommend"
,Recommended,287980,28719093,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jayinatlanta,"In the category of ""simply elegant,"" this is a little piece of perfection that I got for under $10. Everyone should own this one, if only to use it as an urban-movement-sound-and-music screensaver in endless mode."
76561198161610007,Recommended,287980,28680667,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Speed demon,"I loved how you can pause and change the train lines for when a new station pop up. It got hard for me but I recomend it for those that like to solve puzzles. And if you listen, the music you hear is actually the trains going from one pace to another and the passengers getting on and off of said train. You're making your own music as you build the metro!Spoiler: Different types of stations will pop up, not just a triangle, square and circle."
,Recommended,287980,28689708,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ashe,"A good game to play when you need something to do with your hands while you are watching TV/YouTube/Netflix. Properly challening, even though there's never enough tunnels."
,Recommended,287980,28663868,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Hurricane Jose,"Fantastic little game, great time killer."
,Recommended,287980,28685113,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,theTrav,"Logistics / Management game.  Super simple and streamlined, I also like the aesthetic"
,Recommended,287980,28655953,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Akhaten,Great game to kill time and exercise your brain at a very cheap price. would reccomend this to anybody with a knack for puzzles
76561197997389079,Recommended,287980,28653286,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ActualScreenshot,"Really well designed, really well made, addictive game. Hours just disappear when you play this.The controls are solid and intuitive so you don't need a tutorial. You just get going straight away. The map starts off by easing you in gently and it's really satisfying watching your abstract passengers get from A to B. Then as more stations automatically come online the complexity begins to build until you're in charge of a sprawling tube map. The layout is minimalist and beautiful and the game flows from start to finish. There are so many nice touches like the smooth ambient sounds that portray a clean efficient system, which is what you're always striving to make. Everything just whispers quality. I love this game."
,Recommended,287980,28618599,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,powershin12,"It was quite simple to play, but you need to use brain a lot."
,Recommended,287980,28619360,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SenorAndrew,Really fun simple game to just jump into.
76561197979821755,Recommended,287980,28621427,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,msemanko,"Great game.  Simple to learn, and fun to play."
,Recommended,287980,28588057,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Diamond Dino 64,"Ever since I first rode the London Underground, I've wanted a game like this so checked the app store on my iPod and found nothing. Then a few months ago I found this game on the app store on my iPad and then on Steam so bought this game in the Winter Sale.Don't get me wrong, it is a fantastic game but I sometimes think that the logic behind it is a but off. I mean, ""Overcrowding at this station caused your metro to close."" I think: 'WELL IT ISN'T MY FAULT THAT THE PEOPLE DON'T WANT TO GET ON THE TRAIN!! THE TRAINS ARE SUPPOSED TO STOP AT ALL STATIONS! 'But still, great game 5 stars, maybe 9/10... Idk but still highly recommended."
,Recommended,287980,28610042,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,index,Cool game from what I've experienced so far.
76561197977097068,Recommended,287980,28600448,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,mandellorian,"This is a warning, this simple little game is so addictive it should be on the prohibited list.The rules are simple,the graphics a design classic.Its clean look and simple rules somehow result in a satisfying time sponge that you have to play just one more time."
76561198164243715,Recommended,287980,28573700,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DavidAllyn68,"Ok, I've played this game for about 2 hours and I freaking can't stop!  Great game guys!!!!  Simple, to the point, and addictive as hell!  Love it Love it Love it!"
76561198035343655,Recommended,287980,28925289,Posted: 1 January,all,hjdeputy4,Clever gameplay and presentation.  Purchased the game on sale and it has been worth every penny.
76561197985434824,Recommended,287980,25809305,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,bewbays,"I'm writing this review to allow the reader to determine whether or not the game is worth the designated price and if they would like to invest time into this game. There is a tl;dr after the Plus and Minus section.░▒▓█Design█▓▒░The design of the game is minimalistic and does excellent work of duplicating the style and visual communication of modern metro systems. Navigating through the menus feels very clean and the animations fit perfectly into the concept of the game. One major plus is the inclusion of ""Night Mode"" which changes the games background to black. The option is there if your eyes get strained, which is nice. The developers also included a ""Colorblind Mode"" (basically a deuteranopia simulator) which I thought was an interesting addition to a game. Not entirely sure if this was meant to compensate for deuteranopia, as I am not afflicted with that particular colour blindness. The font and typeface in the game certainly gives the impression of ""Metro System"" and were well chosen and utilized. In the level selection screen there is definitely an arcade-like design and mechanic  in the way it is presented to the player. The concept, design, animation and mechanics of this game are very strong, I really enjoy it. 8/10░▒▓█Gameplay█▓▒░So: there are three primary shapes. In the order of most to least frequent: Circles, Triangles and Squares. At the beginning, the game will instruct you to connect a Circle to a Square. Your job as the player is to continue connecting one shape to another to create a network in which passengers can travel through as fast and efficiently as possible. At each shape, smaller black shapes will begin showing up, these are the passengers. The passengers shape corresponds to where their destination is (i.e. a triangle passenger goes to a triangle shape). As the game progresses, new unique shapes and passengers are introduced. At the end of each week (Sunday) the player is left with various choices such as starting a new line, getting a new locomotive to carry passengers, getting a speed train, getting a terminal to house more passengers without overcrowding, getting a carriage to increase the quantity of passengers that the player can carry on a line and getting tunnels/bridges to travel through water.Right off the bat, when booting up the game for the first time, takes you right into the tutorial, which basically drops you in the game and relies on you trying to figure it out for yourself... It basically forces you to start the first mission (London) right within the ""tutorial"" (if you can even call it that). You will probably fail and have to restart like I did, but at that point you know the basics and mechanics of the game (how to connect lines and develop a system).The pacing of the game is good, the 3 levels it starts you off with are a good training ground for what is about to come. The difficulty increases quite fluidly with each passing level. Once you get to Hong Kong (at least for me) that's when the game becomes more difficult and at this point is when you will have to start retrying and replaying the level. It can get frustrating. Before Hong Kong you can just kind of wing it and the system will probably work. You have the option of restarting at any point, which can be advantageous at the beginning of the level. If your three starting points (square, triangle, circle) are in a not-so-desirable configuration, the player can just restart the level for a new starting configuration.One flaw, which after reading the community hub is a pretty major one, is that there is no numerical indication for how many locomotives and carriages you have on a line. Which would prove to be very useful to know and keep track of. There were times when playing where I would neglect to put a locomotive on a line and just forget about it until it was too late. 7.5/10░▒▓█Sound█▓▒░Full transparency: the sound/music in this game gets quite annoying after about 1-2 hours. It starts off ambient and somewhat subdued and relaxed, but quickly becomes obnoxious the more you play. In addition to this, the ticking sound when a station becomes overcrowded is just absolutely unnerving. A user in the review section recommended putting your own music on whilst playing this game, and I absolutely agree. There really isn't anything important, sound-wise, that would require the player to focus on sound (other than station overcrowding, which can be argued, is negligible to require sound). The sound is probably the weakest component in this game, as evident in the games options, which gives the player only two options: sound on/off. 4/10░▒▓█Plus█▓▒░♦ Excellent design.♦ Good pacing and appropriate increase of difficulty.♦ Very effective visual communication, game is straightforward and easy to figure out.♦ Game layout is well executed.♦ Can continue in Endless Mode after you have failed in Normal Mode.♦ Inclusion of Night Mode to combat eye strain.♦ Good replay value░▒▓█Minus█▓▒░♦ Sound is annoying. Grows tiring quite quickly. On/off is the only choice in the Options Menu for sound.♦ Beating Normal Mode doesn't take too long and the game is quite short lived.♦ Minimal GUI.♦ Limited game variables and editable options.░▒▓█Conclusion tl;dr█▓▒░In my honest opinion, this game is definitely worth the $10.99CAD that I paid. I got my monies worth and then some. The game has a strong and successful design philosophy with an emphasis on mass visual communication and logic/puzzle/strategy. The pacing of levels is effective and appropriate in correspondence with increase in difficulty. Sound is annoying and the game has limited variables and editable options, but all around great game. Replay value is good, depending on individual interest. Recommended.7.720/108/10 *see 2017 edit below*Total time played (at time of review): 7.8 hrsTotal time taken to complete normal mode (all levels): 3hrs 46mins░▒▓█EDIT 05/01/2017█▓▒░Since the date this review was made public (October 2016) Dinosaur Polo Club has patched bugs in the build which I first started playing, they have now allowed for lines to cross each other and have added 3 new non-DLC levels: San Francisco, Seoul and Shanghai. This just goes to show that the developers are committed to improving the game and remain in close correspondence with the community."
,Recommended,287980,29065493,Posted: 6 January,all,pofound.donut,"This is a great game.  It is very easy to learn, but takes hours to master.  You won't get bored playing this."
76561198237833666,Recommended,287980,28819493,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ark_Angel,"This game will have you glued, in a moment. Once you realise what's going on, you will instantly take control of the situation and become a transport manager. 10/10"
,Recommended,287980,28813142,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,rsharkman,Very addicitive and fun.  Highly recommened.
,Recommended,287980,28812520,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Needmore_RAM,"A beautifully simplistic, yet elegant game. I found it highly addictive. 10/10"
76561198038835083,Recommended,287980,28918090,Posted: 1 January,all,drillpin,"Good aesthetic, mindless OCD levels  of organization"
,Recommended,287980,29066580,Posted: 6 January,all,Knight_ofthe_Gabala,"Really engaging little game played within 3 different modes, each of which presents a slightly different challenge.Doesn't take too long to play a game but does have a tendency to pull you back for one more go ...Who knew buliding a metro system was this much fun?"
,Recommended,287980,29076379,Posted: 6 January,all,Octopus Salad,"Great game for puzzle/logistics lovers, which I am.  So yes, I recommend.  I do think this game is very fun with a goal in mind (so earning the achievements).  Endless play for me is not so fun."
,Recommended,287980,29081425,Posted: 7 January,all,faddiv,This is a very simple game but I think it's enjoyable. When you would like to play a little with something that make you think but don't want something overcomplicated this is good for you.If this is on deal it's a good addition to your game library.I wonder if this is also available on mobile phone and tablet since I find this more fitting game for that platform.
76561198190710127,Recommended,287980,29152236,Posted: 9 January,all,aubergine18,"Very simple concept, yet highly affective thus making for an addictive game that you can keep going back to over and over again."
,Recommended,287980,28965397,Posted: 2 January,all,Burnt Cucumber,"Mini Metro is a great game for any casual gamer or someone looking for a game that is easy to play and can be run by the worst pc. I play it on a school issued laptop that is pretty much a potato with some wires sticking out of it, and it works great. Keep it up devs, I would love to see where this can go!"
,Recommended,287980,28959740,Posted: 2 January,all,TheGeeker 2B-67,This game is so fun! It really is relaxing and it tests your thinking skills. I just wish that the instructions were a little clearer. (I had to if I could remove an interchange; You cant)
,Recommended,287980,28956739,Posted: 2 January,all,Stevie-boi,"This is very realistic game.I work in an office, and I want to kill myself due to stressBest game10/10 IGNWould reccomend"
,Recommended,287980,28956008,Posted: 2 January,all,EatTheReng,"Great game! would love to see this for other services like postal, roads and buses."
,Recommended,287980,28937139,Posted: 2 January,all,jezzaland,"Great game. If you want to think more before you do stuff, play the hardcore mode! :-)"
,Recommended,287980,28953037,Posted: 2 January,all,Iskåll,"A fun, strategic and challenging game!"
76561198108122058,Recommended,287980,28951659,Posted: 2 January,all,I am a noob,"9,5/10Simple and brilliant. Easy to pick up but hard to master. One of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,287980,28851749,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,designed,Fantastic. Love the early 2000s metro line + soft synthetizers minimalism.
76561198097401693,Recommended,287980,28852274,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Spruce Moose,"Between the simplistic graphics and the intuitive gameplay, this is one of the best casual games out there."
,Recommended,287980,28844812,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,the moose is loose,toot toot im a conductor
76561197970750906,Recommended,287980,28844939,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ekelschwein,best game idea ever!
76561198012457159,Recommended,287980,28845018,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Protopet,"Minimalistic and extremely addictive. I admit the gameplay is somewhat based on luck, but it doesn't matter. You can always continue in endless mode after you fail. Just connecting the lines watching trains come and go is quite relaxing. 10/10"
76561198132975158,Recommended,287980,28915576,Posted: 1 January,all,Etcetera,Lovely game. Simple and sweet. The only thing I have to complain about it is the AI. My trains will often drop people off at an already overcrowded station that has no other lines only to run off and pick up a single person two stations away
76561198275836990,Recommended,287980,28910463,Posted: 1 January,all,StopUniform34,This game is really fun to play.  It doesn't require a lot of effort (Unless You are a serious gammer)  Real relaxing.   Love the soundtrack.  Fun and Simple 5 stars!.
76561198035059251,Recommended,287980,28899314,Posted: 1 January,all,Flopperz,"Simple, elegant, fun."
,Recommended,287980,28749661,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,bionic,So hard to unlock extreme mode of Hongkong. Help~~!!!!
76561198014378600,Recommended,287980,28888982,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,joej1337,fantastic fun little game. very addictive.
76561198026482534,Recommended,287980,28876546,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ITURRI,"Nice game to play for 20-30 minutes a day, maybe an hour if you have nothing better to do. It's entertaining, and the challenge of the day is challenging as you cannot undo and redo lines as in the normal mode. However, I would suggest the inclusion of an option to watch the gameplay of the top scores of the challenge of the day in order to see how they did it. It's a great simple game overall tho."
,Recommended,287980,28891653,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,liciors,"TLDR: Go play the demo. Found here:http://dinopoloclub.com/minimetro/(alternitvely, visit the website)Note: Does not work with Chrome. Unity Web Player addon not supported in Chrome.That's the review. IF! you like the demo, want to see more, get the game. If you didn't like the demo, don't get the game. I enjoyed the demo... Phoawr, 3 years ago when I first tried it. Saw it released, grabbed it. Still enjoy it. I recommend the game, if you enjoy the demo! Go play it. No excuses. It's there, it's free, it doesn't cost... Whatever it costs in your currency."
76561198023019827,Recommended,287980,18967530,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,buttonmasher,"Overall: DecentLikes:- Minimalist management game- Relaxing- Has game modes: Normal, Endless (stations don't overcrowd), Extreme (tracks are permanent)- Has daily challengesDislikes:- Frustrating when too many circle-type stations clump together.  I supposed that's part of the challenge though.- Subsequent maps are locked, and you have to achieve a certain score on earlier maps in order to unlock them"
,Recommended,287980,29009541,Posted: 4 January,all,Rdku,"Basically Flight Control HD with subways.Bought this in order to have a game that works on my MacBook for when I am away from home and I am not disappointed. This is shown by the fact that at the time of the review being written I have 12 hours spent in the game, more than 8 of which being from my home PC.Progress is synced between my PC and Mac so that is cool."
,Recommended,287980,28998440,Posted: 3 January,all,bulmahnjm,"Mini Metro is an elegantly designed train simulator that features very simple play mechanics and a minimalist UI that fits the theme and asthetic very well. The game is a very relaxing experience, setting down tracks to ensure that the passengers get to their desired stop in as little time as possible to maximize capacity. Well thought out design and addictive play. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,287980,28993171,Posted: 3 January,all,XISBURGER,"Buy this game.It may look silly at the screenshots, but it is innovatine, relaxing in a strange way and very, VERY, addictive.Kudos to the developers!"
,Recommended,287980,28777998,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Marky Mark the FUN-GINEER,"This is just a fantastic, simple, and small game that I can see me killing a few hours on easily in a boring class. (9/10)"
,Recommended,287980,30912807,Posted: 2 April,all,SamTheGamer39,For those who need a slow relaxing gam---- WAIT TOO MANY PASSENGERS TOO MANY!!!
76561198032816418,Recommended,287980,28748350,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Xoco,"Beautiful, addictive, intelligent... brilliant!"
76561198026694158,Recommended,287980,28785927,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,XAXAs,Very good game. Kind of mesmorizing.Two remarks that can definetly improve the user experience.1)Separate in the options the music and sound effects. Music is boring and for such game its best to let someone listen to their own. But the audio is important.2)I find very strange that we need to pay for the android app also.
,Recommended,287980,29120695,Posted: 8 January,all,MortQ42,Great little puzzle game; so good I bought a second copy for my Android.
,Recommended,287980,29116255,Posted: 8 January,all,murafs,"This is one of the best and the most addictive, simple and relaxing game i've ever played. I'm questioning myself why i haven't bought this game earlier."
76561197995144501,Recommended,287980,29139731,Posted: 9 January,all,polariuk,What a lovely puzzle/managment game. This game is simplicity and because of that has tons of playability factor. The user interface is slick and good looking the graphics simple and clear.I am certianly addicted to this game and there are many hours of play both behind me and ahead of me on this one.Simply a brilliant game.
,Recommended,287980,33362083,Posted: 7 July,all,Phalanx,"Relaxing and stressful. How can this be? Buy the game and see for yourself, I doubt you'll regret it."
,Recommended,287980,33214573,Posted: 3 July,all,B00SH,Gets more challenging as you progress. Simple premise and beautiful execution. Simplistic Art style makes the game look as simple as it is. Highly recommend the mobile app aswell as the PC version as it is a almost flawless port.PC version: 9/10Mobile version: 8.5/10
,Recommended,287980,33211800,Posted: 3 July,all,Goat,Great for relaxing/ Stress relieving.
,Recommended,287980,32698351,Posted: 23 June,all,RacingFan305,"A really simple concept, but it is a highly addictive game. A very nice indie game to help pass the time. I would highly recommend this game."
76561198091115628,Recommended,287980,33303159,Posted: 6 July,all,Yafie Achmad Raihan,"Like The Game, Next Time Add Indonesian Language To The Game"
,Recommended,287980,33145638,Posted: 2 July,all,pbelov,очень медитативная игра
76561198034263878,Recommended,287980,33371251,Posted: 8 July,all,GavilanComun,A great chill game with the beautiful aesthetics of the London Tube map.
76561198027289070,Recommended,287980,33407863,Posted: 9 July,all,drake_718,"This game is small, easy to learn & Fun to Play"
,Recommended,287980,33403213,Posted: 9 July,all,Kawasaki C151,"As a triain myself,this game is what i call home."
,Recommended,287980,33449539,Posted: 11 July,all,AndNotJustTheMen,10/10
,Recommended,287980,11971597,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,dkoukoul,Very nice and addictive game. Although still waiting for the maps.
76561198017052986,Recommended,287980,26535256,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Martyn M,"Saw this on a YT ""Let's Play"" so decided to purchase it. Great game with a simple concept that expands into quite a challenge. I do wish the 'random' stations were a little more forgiving (more squares please!) but it's definitely addictive and fun to play."
,Recommended,287980,28700410,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Barles Charkley,"Do you live in London, New York, Shanghai, Moscow, Seoul, Washington DC, or Chicago? If  you answered 'yes' - Welcome to another endless segment of your comute!Find the most populated stations and neglect giving them a station - its like playing God!Design a metro line, imagine your're riding one of the cars, and self loath - it's the closest simulation to the real thing!"
76561197970825369,Recommended,287980,30340207,Posted: 5 March,all,OldNoob,Great
,Recommended,287980,31208124,Posted: 17 April,all,c.svenjax,Circle lines are the best
76561198168180291,Recommended,287980,30241926,Posted: 28 February,all,whattoplaykahvii Farmskins.com,"bought this a couple of days ago. this would suit alot better for mobile devices, when you are for example, in a car heading some far away place. very simplistic gameplay. it keeps you happy for 1 h but after that it just gets boring.if its on sale <4$ i would recommend buying it.  5 mins played: fun game. 10 mins: fun game... 30m: meh... 40: meh... 1.5 h: nah gon play something else..."
76561197996198924,Recommended,287980,30274079,Posted: 2 March,all,Modrzew,Very funny little logic game. But don't think it is easy. You will replay levels many times - believe me.
76561198049190313,Recommended,287980,31211101,Posted: 17 April,all,xfrybag,"In the same lines as another reviewer, this is the calmest heart attack  that I've ever experienced. It is also the most enjoyable!(+)ambient background music(+)sleek lines and subtle fade-in/grow-in transition effects for the moving design elements on screen(+)immensely replayable & challenging due to random generation of the in-game items and choices(-)RNG will sometimes make an appearing station's location very inconvenient, to the point of overloading your metro system(-)it's surpassable with an hour or two's gameplay, but there is a surprisingly steep learning curve(-)once you figure out how to assess what your system needs, you may not be able to achieve a high score without trying over and over.In the end it's up to RNJesus to give you the best system improvement choices each week end, and hopefully decent spawn spots for your stations. You better have a lucky charm laying around for when you're really trying to hit the high score board!"
76561198169591100,Recommended,287980,31078589,Posted: 11 April,all,ItWasTaken,This game will have you praising the gods when a ♥♥♥♥ing square finally shows up like one of the long tetris pieces10/10
,Recommended,287980,29209102,Posted: 12 January,all,teh stone,I picked this up on a whim without knowing anything about it. I love it. I love it so much I bought it on Android too so I could play it more often. It's simple to understand and get into but has a high skill ceiling and tough achievements that will keep you playing for hours.
,Recommended,287980,29249937,Posted: 14 January,all,Empress Dowager,"The ULTIMATE in simple-to-complex gaming. Jump right in, play for hours, play for minutes."
,Recommended,287980,29331868,Posted: 17 January,all,GgR88,"Fun and challenging no-end puzzle game, play in different city maps and see the difficulty ramp up until your metro lines fall under crazy circle people. Core mechanics are simple to understand yet mastering this beautiful game is not an easy task. I enjoy it very much and recommend it to anyone who likes no-end puzzles."
,Recommended,287980,29431881,Posted: 22 January,all,diddiyo,"whether you play it for 15 mins or an hour, the very intuitive gameplay as well as clean and simple graphics make this a great game for a lazy sunday afternoon or if you just want to relax after a day's work."
76561198067252576,Recommended,287980,29351873,Posted: 19 January,all,Boognoss,"This game is incredibly simple, and so easy to get into but after a short time you really feel for the ""shape"" people and do you best to get them to where they need to go. Such a simply addictive and brilliantly conceived game. My wife and 7 year old son are now playing it too. I only have low hours on record because after I bought it on Steam I found that it was on iOS as well. I've spent many more hours on the iPad - I find the touch interface works better for this game."
,Recommended,287980,29409619,Posted: 21 January,all,Povey,"Great gameplay, highly recommend."
,Recommended,287980,29387485,Posted: 20 January,all,Mettklößchen,"Really beautiful game, everything looks and feels perfect.It gets boring quickly because you can't really seem to find working strategies and just try to make the levels work somehow. Could maybe improved by varying gameplay and making each ""run"" more unique and interesting (maybe more items?).tl:dr; I unlocked New York extreme mode and now im done and never have to play this ♥♥♥♥ing game again ffs"
76561198027399412,Recommended,287980,29390604,Posted: 20 January,all,okmas,Great fun game for playing with your favorite music! Is really relaxing and challenging. Great graphics and simple. Great design. I play when I'm on simple mode gaming hahaha you know! Wait to sale time because is a little expensive. Or better... buy it for App Store o android maybe.
,Recommended,287980,29359650,Posted: 19 January,all,オンゴウ,"Allows me to rebuild the train system in my city, Hong Kong. Game of my life. 11/10"
76561198056441516,Recommended,287980,28772572,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cakers55,"Really enjoyed this game, very fun little casual game, vary easy and intuitive to control. Shame 90% is just sitting and hoping you get bridges/tunnels"
,Recommended,287980,29311283,Posted: 16 January,all,gullevek,I played this game the first time when it was in Alpha version. Since then it became one amazing game where you can really zone out and play and play and play.Absolutely worth the money for this awesome small game.
,Recommended,287980,29340211,Posted: 18 January,all,Outlawful_,"Mini Metro is pretty straightforward: draw tracks, get your shape-represented passengers to their destination, and see what happens when the needs of a transit system emerge organically. Realized minimalistically and in a charming metro map aesthetic, Mini Metro has been one of my number one ""chill"" games of the last year."
,Recommended,287980,14185451,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Amentrus,"SO MUCH CHALLENGE, SO MUCH FUN, SO MANY TRAIN LINES"
14613463146346713,Recommended,287980,29641553,Posted: 1 February,all,l i l m o l l y,Neat little game
76561198067073712,Recommended,287980,30063472,Posted: 20 February,all,Oily Dude,I have learnt to read metro maps thanks to this game.
76561198081530468,Recommended,287980,23966471,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Etohawyr,Very relaxing game.Also nice soundtrack
76561198080833647,Recommended,287980,30088079,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,Great timewaster
76561198041285480,Recommended,287980,26589824,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,joyceho,Excellently executed minimalist graphics and premise. Each scenario presents a different set of challenges that will engage you long enough to get your money's worth.
,Recommended,287980,30111499,Posted: 22 February,all,The Sound of Dunder,"A charming little puzzle game that has you running a city inhabited by little shape people, and it's your job as the person running the metro system to get them to where they wanna be. You're given a number of lines and trains that your metro system can have and you need to create a system that can get everyone where they need to be as well as acommodate for additional stops that you have to tend to and make sure that it stays well-run. I love this game! It's really chill and pleasing to look at, opting for nothing but solid colors and simple shapes. I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a game they can pop a round of during a break or something. It's also on mobile devices as well."
76561198040032136,Recommended,287980,29875587,Posted: 12 February,all,Nat3ski,"A game so nice I bought it twice!This is a brilliant game which has a charming, minimalist art style reminiscent of the London Underground Tube map.The controls are intuitive, both on PC and on the Android version, and the game is addictive and fun!You are tasked with connecting an ever growing number of stations in some of the worlds most iconic cities, reprsented by simple shapes which denote the type of station. At these stations passengers will gather, their destination denoted by the shape of the passenger resembling that of station they wish to reach.You will need to get these passengers to their destination before the station overcrowds. A progressively more difficult task as the number of stations and passengers increases.To achieve this, you will need to carefully manage a limited number of trains, carriages, lines and bridges. These are granted to you on a weekly basis, often presented as an 'either/ or' choice.This is where the challenge lies, becasue if any station overcrowds, it's game over.There are a number of different levels to play, daily challenges and the developers are working on an endless mode,  last I heard. Available on PC, Android & IOS and is equally good across all."
,Recommended,287980,29849353,Posted: 11 February,all,ozzkozz,This game is so simple yet super addictive. Very solid mechanics and great colours/sounds.
76561198248631552,Recommended,287980,29684435,Posted: 3 February,all,Pokeconomist,"Pros-Good, smooth gameplayEnough variety to keep you interestedAble to play for 10mins or 1hrVery nice graphicsCons-circlesConclusion-GOOD GAME4.5 stars"
,Recommended,287980,29796281,Posted: 8 February,all,Lerppana,Weirdly satisfying ambient sounds and solid gameplay. 5/5 would eat here again.
,Recommended,287980,29631602,Posted: 1 February,all,Lord_Gruffydd,Simple......Fun......Addictive
,Recommended,287980,24183949,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,买买蹄·唐山武花肉,"Not an Native English speaker but want to introduce this game to more people who don't know about Chinese. So maybe some strange Chinglish sry.Not everyone would like this game but it is a good game for me. Played 6 hours until I bought this game for a half day.Easy to get how to play this. Just drag your mouse to link stations with line and watch the metro automaticlly working. A person marked by circle want to go to any circle station, so as other shapes.It's addictive but will not spend so much time for a round(such asSid Meier's Next TurnCiv V)so you can easily stopif you are not trying to get the achivement such as ""Ten weeks in Osaka"" or what what what in HongkongAnd there're something I must notice to everyone new here. Different maps have different limits, such as London can only put 3 locomotive per line but Osaka can put 4. Without this, there're some special in some maps, such as Osaka have Shinkansen which is a faster locomotive but can only get 1 if you don't choose 2 normal locomotive in a new week, or in Cairo, a locomotive can only take 4 people instead of normally 6.Such a easy-understand game I want to introduce to my parents and I think my dad and mom will also like this game....Eventhought they don't know how to play Minesweeper.9/10, not full mark because I think there can be more maps with much fun and I'm waiting for it(oh plz don't ask the author to do what you cannot do)ok ok if I have to give a point without what new things the game should add (in my opinion), then 10/10New: Just read some what Chinese guys wrote, most of them was hoping for Beijingbut I have to say oh not terrible enough Beijing Metro is"
76561198091164019,Recommended,287980,29829129,Posted: 10 February,all,Sec. Colin Powell,"Overall great game, especially for the price tag. Minimalist style is brilliant and is really visually appealing, soundtrack is phenomenal and matches so well with the style.The one thing I feel the game needs is a system for viewing statistics about your lines, especially in Endless mode."
,Recommended,287980,24385116,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Robbie,"pretty good, aj doesn't like it"
,Recommended,287980,16983612,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Hidden Phoenix,"IF you can catch it heavily discounted, is fine for such a minigame.The game is better but the original design flaws still exist.1. A station will pop up (no warning) right next to a line but won't connect and2. Stations give no real notice if their connected or not."
76561198128470386,Recommended,287980,28966301,Posted: 2 January,all,sydneyjoshua,Good game.
,Recommended,287980,32944051,Posted: 28 June,all,MattBrant,"This game has less maps than I expected. Its a fun game to pass the time while you wait something, but not a game you would will be playing for more than 10 hours. After that, you can go hunting for achievements, but this will be the only thing moving you to keep playing, and this is not for me.Considering price, not a game that you want to buy on its full price.With a 1/3 discount: 6/10."
,Recommended,287980,32971527,Posted: 28 June,all,[TFH] Clockwork,Alright for a couple hours of puzzle fun. Not a ton of depth.
76561198017736845,Recommended,287980,32992507,Posted: 29 June,all,fivesec10,good to play
,Recommended,287980,33210071,Posted: 3 July,all,Psychonaut,"What can I say? It's a simplistic game that subtly masks the complexity underneath. In other words... BRILLIANT!!! Dare I say it?! Yes, I dare! BEST... GAME... EVER!!! Never has a game fully engrossed, provide a zen-like calming effect, and stresses me out all at the same time..."
,Recommended,287980,33164546,Posted: 2 July,all,Joello 💾,Simple relaxing lite strategy game.
76561198171629521,Recommended,287980,33277249,Posted: 5 July,all,sweetjustice95,Beautiful to look at and hypnotizing to play.  I love this game.
,Recommended,287980,33278924,Posted: 5 July,all,xTommeh,Simple puzzle type game with a fair bit of depth. Good for wasting away 15 minutes or so per game. I recommend.
,Recommended,287980,33626213,Posted: 18 July,all,xID3NTITYx,"Absolutely awesome game - highly addictive! Great selection of maps and scenarios, nice visuals and well thought out achievements."
,Recommended,287980,33872264,Posted: 28 July,all,Haebryt,"Perfect zen game. Then you realize all of your trains are overloaded, your track plans need to be completely redone mid-game, get stressed, and lose. Then find zen again in a new game."
76561198064815902,Recommended,287980,33886939,Posted: 29 July,all,Roadkillcafe,simple and amazing.  Mini Metro lends itself to hours of fun building and optimizing metro systems from around the world.
,Recommended,287980,33950307,Posted: 1 August,all,elmarj,Great little game.
,Recommended,287980,33964039,Posted: 1 August,all,Wiznik,Highly addictive and gets relatively challenging. I honestly really enjoy it.
,Recommended,287980,34083173,Posted: 7 August,all,jlavin17,"I love games with new concepts, and Mini Metro is just that.  In addition, it is designed well and has effectively randomized gameplay that manages to become more and more fastpaced over time- not because of anything the game directly does, like speeding up a timer or increasing the number of stations by 30, but because things build up and you have to manage more and more in what used to be a slow time limit.  It's fun and cathartic, though you should probably listen to a podcast, the news, some stand-up, or other audio while playing- it does not have a plot."
,Recommended,287980,34162174,Posted: 10 August,all,TurtleMonkey,"Mini Metro is a wonderful and unique puzzle game!The game is relatively easy to understand and grasp, but is an absolute beast to beat.The game is frequently updated with new levels, which are based upon real-life subway/metro systems, which force you to face obstacles similar to the engineers building the metro system faced.Mini Metro is a great game, and well worth the price"
,Recommended,287980,34226901,Posted: 13 August,all,Azmith,"I really like this game. I could play this for hours and hours trying to complete every achievement and I will. If you like simple puzzle games, buy this game."
76561198131284462,Recommended,287980,34242920,Posted: 14 August,all,awsumturnip,"very good game, nice aesthetic, it would be nice to have some more goals, but this is one of the most satisfying games i have seen in a while"
,Recommended,287980,34257207,Posted: 15 August,all,magna.magmadaederic,"Wow..I never though such a simple game could make me so mezmerized!Seeing the shapes really makes one feel that sudden stare into the abyss into sleep.Definitely worth it!In one map, i could not recall how many times I cleared all the lines, and placed back those carriages, trains (etc)PROS:SIMPLE Inferface, your graphic card/CPU will thank you for the break!Good NIGHT MODE!Like watching moving entities on screen? This one can substitute for screensaver!CONS:...Nothing?"
,Recommended,287980,34245365,Posted: 14 August,all,Bader,freaking amazing loved this game so much
,Recommended,287980,34262645,Posted: 15 August,all,JunkYard,"Simple, good-looking and fun"
,Recommended,287980,34260091,Posted: 15 August,all,Jonny,"Very clean, neat, simple game, with a nice variety of maps and configurations that keep it fresh. It's well presented, and is great to play either casually or as something more thought inducing if you're looking to push your passenger count as high as possible.One of the better ""little"" games I've had the pleasure of playing."
,Recommended,287980,34261482,Posted: 15 August,all,gilbert nightgay,super fun and nice to look at!!!
,Recommended,287980,34282572,Posted: 16 August,all,"gui fiery, mayor of flavortown","If, like me, you got annoyed at your math teacher for typing problems in sans rather than serif font, this game is for you"
76561198034599830,Recommended,287980,34280903,Posted: 16 August,all,voyddd,Amazing & simple - but addictive - game!
,Recommended,287980,34276999,Posted: 16 August,all,Koenn,"Love the game, really really good"
76561198157790096,Recommended,287980,34276374,Posted: 16 August,all,NJRG,"There is very little to this game, and that's exactly how it should be. Simple, yet challenging."
,Recommended,287980,34280479,Posted: 16 August,all,Nikolahz,"First found out about the original online version through Facebook, I easily got addicted to this game as it is one of the few games that really gets my mind to think.Every map seems repetitive, but the generation of stations, shape and weekly bonuses are pretty random to me and it really gets me on the edge to constantly expect the worst.Worth the payment and certainly worth waiting for each update, bug fix and more!"
,Recommended,287980,34270110,Posted: 15 August,all,renjieteo,"A great and addictive game! Good for relaxation and trying to improve logical thinking, different maps had varying difficulty and its fun trying to get a higher high score! Glad to see how far the game has come to, definitely worth getting!"
,Recommended,287980,34296017,Posted: 16 August,all,chocolate vaccine,refreshingly stressful
76561198201314121,Recommended,287980,34642229,Posted: 31 August,all,RENMOS,wheres the option to crash trains
76561198160800263,Recommended,287980,33578080,Posted: 15 July,all,cjr3985,Simple but well done. A nice one for gamers who don't like the Rated M games.Final Score: 98%
76561197973925002,Recommended,287980,34664395,Posted: 1 September,all,Goldenfold,old fan of Sid Meyers railroads.  this is therapeutic.  5/7 would buy again
76561198024361977,Recommended,287980,34835045,Posted: 9 September,all,Vurdmeister,"Very easy to get into and connect stations. At the end of every week (if playing normal mode) you get 'booster' options such as an extra train, carriage, tunnels etc. As the days pass you'll quickly realise commuters are starting to wait longer and get upset. This is where the game shines: rearrange routes, move carriages to other trains, select a station to become an interchange to speed up boarding.Games are a lot of fun that can quickly go from being in total control to a mess real quick. Good times."
76561198239536160,Recommended,287980,34829256,Posted: 8 September,all,Gracchus,"Buy this game.Easily the most elegant design in an indie game I have ever seen. It is lovely, simple and pleasant to play.I have tons of compliments for it to add here later, don't miss out this chance to have such an unique experience.#♥♥♥♥Circles"
,Recommended,287980,34822064,Posted: 8 September,all,gogg691,the insights on the passengers make this way better than the mobile version
76561198035048549,Recommended,287980,34334126,Posted: 18 August,all,Amazer,"Easily recommended for both casual gamers and achievement hunters. Very enjoyable and satisfafying gameplay and if that's not enough for you, you got yourself a lot A LOT of hard♥♥♥♥♥achievements to unlock. Looks simple, but it's surprisingly hard to manage it all.Nice features such as options for colourblind, day/night mode, daily challenges and new cities once in a while.PLUS, the Steam trading cards have some really interesting facts about the transportation of each cities' metro, so for those who like collecting, crafting badges, this is a really nice feature imo."
76561197967784593,Recommended,287980,34863984,Posted: 10 September,all,ATP,"Simplistic UI design. I like it. After playing for 3 days, I'm kind of bored. I wish more unique transportation for each city to be added later, such as the Tokyo bullet train."
,Recommended,287980,34894009,Posted: 11 September,all,slaim,"Seamless and the most subtle and transition from ""Awww! This is cute!"" to... ""HOW THE BLEEP AM I SUPPOSED TO DO THAT!?"""
76561198111738434,Recommended,287980,13204754,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Taddy,Was pleasent to waste more than a day with this game.
76561198031383415,Recommended,287980,34364987,Posted: 19 August,all,oldetyme,"I need to say, that this is one of the best games i ever bought, and i like strategy, tactics and simulation games.It's very simple, but funny and challenging, with a short playtime of ~15 minutes and a lot of variety due to randomly growing cities. I like the feature of the daily challenge a lot.A request would be to have private rooms to rank against friends, daily and all time."
,Recommended,287980,35063529,Posted: 19 September,all,itwins,"Extremely simple design yet extremely challenging and addictive gameplayLove the leaderboard, which shows your highest score in addition to your rank and the highest scores on Steam. This certainly adds unlimited replay value!Initially I thought this game should be priced like a $2.99 smartphone game but now I play more of it, I now think the $10 is worth every penny considering the content it provides. Not all city maps are designed the same. Some maps like Osaka has Shinkansan or bullet trains, Egypt map train cars can only carry 4 pax (tough!) and Shanghai is extremely populated you start with 5 stations and you cannot keep up. These are some to name a few. I haven't played every map yet but I won't be surprised if every map is unique.Highly recommended!Wife and I loved this so much we each bought both the PC and Android versions (although the PC version is a lot better)PS. You dont need to connect to Steam to play it - playable offline."
76561198150088658,Recommended,287980,35140982,Posted: 22 September,all,Marshmallow,"Im starting to like this game a lot, the visuals are minimalistic and great. the soundtrack can be described in the same way. the game is super addicting and you wont want to put it down."
,Recommended,287980,35032836,Posted: 17 September,all,Tonkow,"Relaxing sound, stressful gameplay."
,Recommended,287980,26002074,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,.kuma,Lovely minimalistic game.Always good for a few relaxed gaming hours.
76561198027652747,Recommended,287980,35433063,Posted: 2 October,all,Szenebeissen,"The best things in life are simple. Beautifully made, highly addictive little game. Big fun!"
,Recommended,287980,35438176,Posted: 3 October,all,❤ мεяcү435 ❤,"You complete a daily challenge and see how you rank with others, strategize where to connect railroads and what line to put trains and carriages on. It's simple and perfect for casual gamers. It's also a game great for making time fly fast."
76561198263833134,Recommended,287980,35467497,Posted: 4 October,all,ice✓,Verysimple but fun game.
,Recommended,287980,35478326,Posted: 4 October,all,butcherbrouillette,This is the sort of game you play when you're just sitting down at your desk and aimlessly staring at whatever work you're bound to do but need to vegetate just a little while longer until the coffee kicks in. This game has a calming amount of puzzle action you need to get your brain geared up. Took me about three tries to really grasp the importance of organization in this game.The music is pretty okay too. I enjoy the simplicity overall and would recommend.
76561198200225882,Recommended,287980,35506859,Posted: 5 October,all,Epic 007,Great game to play just to chill.
