user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,287960,15755074,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,USB Connector,"For hardcore Yomi fans only. If you're curious about the game try the web based version on the fantasy strike site. The game itself is absolutely fantastic, however the design of the steam version leaves something to be desired.The interface is exactly as it is in the mobile version, so everything is way too big if you try to play it at 1080p. The game is optimally played at roughly 800x600 unless you have a really tiny monitor. For a steam game this is not okay.If you're curious about the game, I'd recommend checking out the web based version.I have almost no regrets about buying this considering the amount of hours I've logged in the web based version, however I do have a hard time recommending this to newcommers. Try before you buy."
,Recommended,287960,15760533,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,CarpeGuitarrem,"Okay, so let's break this down in a few different ways, shall we? I'm a recent Yomi fan who's been pretty pumped about this new release on Steam. You're someone who's probably trying to figure out if they should buy this game. Let's see what we can do about this.Yomi will likely appeal to...People who are put off of the dexterity requirements for competitive fighting gamesCompetitive gamers looking for a new strategic game to masterGame design fans looking for a new, interesting, well-balanced designPlayers who want to master a game and learn how to outfox their opponent directlyWhat is Yomi?Yomi is the Capcom arcade fighter of card games, literally. Well, not entirely literally--it's not actually a Capcom project, although the game's designer (David Sirlin)didwork on Streetfighter HD Remix. It takes the concepts behind the world's most popular competitive fighting games and translates them into a strategic card game.There's four different types of moves (Attack, Throw, Block, and Dodge) which form an interacting triangle that should be familiar to fighting-game veterans:Attacksdamage the opponent and blast throughThrows, which also deal damage and wreak havoc onBlocks(which give you more cards) andDodges(which let yoou counterattack), which in turn are great counters toAttacks. It's a cycle that gets easier and easier as you play the game, and then you start introducing wrinkles like character abilties, different cards, and special moves.How Yomi PlaysThere's really three parts to Yomi play, and you have to get good at all of them. They feed into one another, so the better you get at one, the better you'll get at others.Hand value:you have to be able to look at your hand of cards, and figure out what your strongest options are. If you're low on cards, Blocks become valuable. If you have a lot of high-damage cards, you'll want to look for ways to combo those cards into an attack to deal lots of damage to your opponent. Understanding how strong your cards are in a given situation is key to winning Yomi.Character playstyle:each character plays very differently, and you have to understand what your character's gameplan is--as well as your opponent's character. For instance, Argagarg the fish-person is playing a long game, with a special ability that deals damage to an opponent every turn. Jaina the hothead Phoenix Archer is a reckless rushdown character, with an ability that lets her return valuable attack cards to her hand after she combos them away...but she takes damage for each one.Reading:also referred to as ""yomi"" by Sirlin and many players of the game, this is the skill of noticing patterns in your opponent's play and exploiting them...while realizing that they know you're doing it and are trying to outmaneuver you. This is the hardest part of the game to get a handle on, and it's a skill you'll have to hone very carefully over time, after you get used to different characters. It's also the most satisfying part of the game: when you get a read just right for the crucial final attack, it's glorious.The Digital ClientSo, how's the implementation on Steam? Well, it's largely the same as the web client, but there's a few distinctions I noted, mainly in terms of performance. Steam Yomi is much, much smoother and faster, and it loads all the parts of the game much quicker. Having a bigger resolution is just wonderful, and it makes the cards look even better. So, relative to the web client onFantasyStrike.com, it's a massive step up.Now, compared to other digital card games, I think Yomi winds up as a solid middle-of-the-road. It doesn't have the rockstar pizzaz and spectacle that you'd find in Blizzard'sHearthstone, but the interface you do get is clean, fairly straightforward, and it feels smooth. There's a lot of little touches, like the visuals on the combat wins, which add up to a very enjoyable experience. I'd say it's comparable to what you'd find in theSentinels of the Multiverseapp, if not a bit better, and it's clearly head-and-shoulders over something like the app forAscension. There's also lots of nice helpful bits to the in-game interface, such as the quick-access reference cards for both characters or the cards that you can sort and rotate in your hand as you like.The Final VerdictYomi's not the fanciest game out there, but it's certainly tight, brainy, and sharp. It receives a high recommendation from me, both for a top-notch game and a smooth digital implementation. The 10 characters you get from the start are really fun to play with, and if you're interested in some more out-there playstyles, there's an expansion you can get in the game for $15. It'll last you a very, very long time.FIGHT!!!"
76561197992914667,Recommended,287960,15779965,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Arch4ngel,"Let's get THE BAD out of the way first:1) As others have mentioned, the interface could be better.  It's not very pretty, and there are a few mild annoyances with structure, but honestly you have to remember that this is - at its core - a card game.  If you'd rather not play a card game because the graphics aren't up to your standards , then you have some strange priorities.2) This game is not customizeable.  If none of the characters appeal to you, you are out of luck.  =/  (NOTE: This is also included as a positive, below.)So one or two minor complaints.  As for THE GOOD:1) The creator of this game, David Sirlin, is kind of a big deal in the Fighting Game Community.  He was a pro until a nerve disability forced him to stop competing, so now he's a game designer with multiple big credits, a popular match commentator, and the admin of an educational Youtube channel about Fighting Games.  So he knows his stuff.2) The game itself is amazing.  Sirlin set out to replicate the ""conversation"" that happens in high-level Fighting Game play - the headgames, the ""I-know-that-you-know-that-I-know"" exchanges, and the judgment calls of when to take risks and when to play conservatively - without the 1/60th of a second reflex/dexterity requirements, or the hours and hours of drilling combos into muscle memory.  He succeeded.3) The game is simple, deep, balanced, and allows for a shocking amount of personal style.  The basic rock-paper-scissors mechanic is core to everything, but the characters manage to play SIGNIFICANTLY differently from one another because of their deck composition and character abilities.  In addition, there has been a HUGE amount of playtesting done (consistently, by hundreds of players, since at least 2010) to ensure that the characters are both true to concept as well as competitive with one another.4) The game is not customizeable, collectable, or pay-to-win.  You buy the game, you get the same game everyone else is playing.  Period.  The only reason I win (or lose) more than anyone else playing the same matches is because of personal ability, knowledge, and experience.In closing, I would like to say that I kickstarted this exact game's physical copy last year, for $240.  What I got here cost me another $25 (sale), and I spent it HAPPILY.  Buy it."
,Recommended,287960,15786118,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Remy77077,"Probably the best competitive card game around. No pay2win or grind2win rubbish, great balance, good matchmaking, and a fantastic fair ranking system on the leaderboards that also gives you a sense of progress as you improve your skills - this is PERFECT competitive game design, and exactly how all competitive games should be.Do not worry about only getting 10 characters to start with - you have the WHOLE game to play really with just ONE character in Yomi. There's so much to learn, and you can get good playing with any character."
76561197970629602,Recommended,287960,15751845,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Bruce,"General:--------------------------------------------------------* Well-balanced and play-tested since 2010 (not kidding).* Good production values.* Can play as a Panda.* Simulates a fighting game well.* Can watch match replays.* Has regular tournaments, and an official, in-person expo event [1]Sound and visuals:--------------------------------------------------------* Nice, hand-drawn art.* Music by the guys athttp://ocremix.org/* Can unlock shiny gold foil cards that leave you no more powerful (good), but look pretty (also good).Controls:--------------------------------------------------------* Easy execution--just move your mouse around and click; no quarter circle forward motion required! Even your mum can perform the special moves in this game.Value:--------------------------------------------------------* $15 USD for 10 digital Yomi decks, as opposed to about $10 USD per physical Yomi deck = good deal.* Can be played for free online if you want to try before you buy [2]* Can be replayed hundreds of times and still be interesting--a.k.a. ""easy to learn, hard to master.""* Can help you learn how to draw on your intuition to make decisions. [3]* Can help you walk the path of self-improvement.* Funds from Yomi may help Sirlin eventually make a non-card Fantasy Strike fighting game.Footnotes:--------------------------------------------------------[1] Fantasy Strike expo event:http://www.fantasystrike.com/fsx[2] Play Yomi for free on the web:http://www.fantasystrike.com/game/index.php[3] Using intuition to make decisions:http://www.sirlin.net/articles/balancing-multiplayer-games-part-4-intuition"
,Not Recommended,287960,15746721,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,pushcx,I'm a longtime fan of the card game. It plays the same but with fewer arguments about rules.This is only half the game. The rest of the characters are available for an in-app purchase of USD $15.
76561198011704010,Recommended,287960,15748810,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Southpaw Hare,"As another long-time player of Yomi (450+ hours in the browser version), I highly recommend Yomi as one of my favorite competitive tactical games.  It really stands out above many other card games in that it is entirely non-collectable (except for aesthetic, non-gameplay-affecting items like stat-trackers), which I highly appreciate.  There's no pay-to-win, and no issue of players having better cards due to investing time or money; it's all an even playing field.  You can and should still invest plenty of time into the game, but it comes down to skill and mastery.  Gain -real- experience (not digital XP), learn strategies, practice and improve.  Furthermore, the community behind Yomi is very friendly and helpful.  This game displays the true meaning of good competition and sportsmanship, and is a pleasure to invest yourself into."
76561197984404638,Recommended,287960,15747251,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Swiffle,"Hello,I've played Yomi on and off since a fairly early beta many years ago.  Over time the game has been refined into a really engaging, deep and most importantly, fun fighting game.  Each character is really strong on it's own merit, and there are no more really bad matchups, just slight advantages/disadvantages, far better than any other fighting game I've played.Yomi is very accessible and easy to get into, but offers a lot of depth at high level play.  There aren't really overly hard game mechanics to understand.  At its core, the game is sort of rock-paper-scissors, but evaluation gets more involving.  There are always numerous options, which change constantly.  A strong combo can leave you without much hand strength, or get blue bursted(combo escaped).  Using your best and fastest moves early can limit your combat options if you're opponent still has his.  Throwing out and hitting DeGrey's Pilebunker is one of the most #YOLO moves ever, but so satisfying to hit.  It still takes some understanding of your characters attacks and abilities, and how they match up against an opponent's attacks and abilities to do well.  Then you get to the never ending game of trying to outthink and outlevel your opponent, which is really fun.  Being a card game there is some randomness, but it's not an absurd level like Hearthstone has.  Best of 3/Best of 5 sets are fairly standard, even when just casually playing or in a ranked quick match.  Long sets are nice to establish some history and level out the variance.Presentation wise the game is decent.  I've always found the art to be pretty stylish.  Character design is varied and well-done, thematically and gameplaywise.  Sprites on moves, especially special and super moves is great.  Rook, the Stone Golem punches hard, and doesn't dodge.  The Windmill Crusher special throw looks like it hurts and wow it does.  Setsuki, Ninja girl, is fast and evasive, but with low HP.Other miscellaneous things:There are a number of helpful guides for each character over on the official Fantasy Strike forums, hopefully some guides get put up here too.Cross platform play is pretty awesome.  Hearthstone barely runs on my iPad, but Yomi runs great on it, and the touch interface works well for it.Spectator mode and replays work well, which is a nice feature.For new players, I recommend starting with Grave, Argagarg, or Rook, those characters are the most straightforward.  Feel free to give the rest of the cast a try and see who you like though.  Don't think that straightfoward or simple means worse though, I mained Argagarg for years when I started out and he's a still a very solid character.- Swiffle"
,Recommended,287960,15794002,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Serge.EXE,"I've been a long time fan of the card game and initial web versions and this Steam version is good, though not without it's faults. I'd prefer if the chat window wasn't a separate page and existed within the match screen, and merging my old account to use my preferred name was a little rough, but these are minor nitpicks. A more major nitpick is that the Expansion decks are $15, but if you view it as an expandable card game (and many won't since this is on Steam) then you're getting another 10 decks for what is the normal price of 10 decks, which is not bad. The other bit of microtransactions in the game, collectable cards that track match stats, is completely optional and therefore I feel does not detract at all from the game. (There is also EX characters, but these can be unlocked through gameplay and are just for fun anyway, so I don't really count them)Overall, there are certainly worse forms of microtransactions out there.The core gameplay itself is fantastic, as to be expected from one of my favorite card games. It's nice to have an engine arbitrate the matches so there's no arguing over any rulings. The cards are all super high resolution, and the fight animations are entertaining for the simple little things they are. Finding matches has been extremely quick for me, and there's minimal lag in the game itself.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,287960,15747898,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,ten million spanish dollars,"This is an excellent strategy game, and possibly better in its digital form.- Matches are quick to play and always interesting- Base game mechanic is Scissors-Paper-Rock, so it's immediately intuitive- Each of the 20 different characters feels very unique and adds to a great variety of playstyles- The strategy of juggling resource management with bluffing and reading your opponent is rewarding and deep as it is in traditional fighting games.- The extra ""game modes"" such as EX mode add another dimension if it ever gets stale.- Passionate and helpful online community organizes frequent tournaments and offers help to new players(fantasystrike.com)Pick it up, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,287960,15749392,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ritual,"Normally I wouldn't put a review up in such a short amount of time, even then I almost never post a review.Welcome to a card game that isn't Pay 2 Win.  Currently the game is on sale for 10 bucks and it unlocks the first 10 decks, another 15 unlocks the other options, welcome to even grounds.  Your opponent has no card advantage above you, so good luck and enjoy!"
,Recommended,287960,15765563,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Icerazer,"I like quite a few (collectable) card games, though I'm a mediocre player at best.  A few years back Kongregate hyped and eventually released their ccg, Kongai.  It was themed very much like this game, right down to the rock, paper, scissors gameplay.  However, (in my opinion) it was a runny turd.  I tried playing the ""mind games"" advertized by the developers, and did nothing but lost.  I read guides up the wazoo.  No luck.  In desperation I played all random cards, and somehow won.""WTF?"" Said I, and quit.What does any of this have to with Yomi?  Yomi feels like it's everything Kongai wanted to be, but couldn't manage.  The strategy, psychology, and slick art style are all here.  I'm just now getting the fundamentals nailed down, but find the game fascinating.  I highly recommend players to try the tutorial on their website before buying to see if it's your thing:http://www.fantasystrike.com/game/Go kick some booty."
,Recommended,287960,15882651,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Gamma Lyrae,"Update: This is still a fantastic game....that nobody is playing. If you are thinking about buying this game, let it be known that its playerbase has almost completely evaporated and you will have a tough time finding opponents. I wouldn't recommend investing in this title unless you specifically plan to play against other friends that will be buying the game.I am a long time player of both fighting games, and competitive card games. I've played Fighters since the release of Street fighter 2: Championship edition, and have played games like Magic, Pokemon, and Hearthstone for a long time as well. My review will draw on these experiences.+++:There is no pay to win here. Once you own the game, you own it. You will never be forced to fork over more money buying expansion packs or booster sets in order to stay competitive. For a competitive card game, this is HUGE. If you were initially attracted to CCGs such as Pokemon, Hearthstone, or Magic, you know exactly what it's like and exactly how much money you can end up investing into cards that quickly become worthless. There aren't even any grind to win or unlock mechanics here - you've bought a video game, and it doesn't waste your time or demand more money to _actually_ play. Imagine that, in the year 2015.It is a surprisingly thorough adaptation of the concept of a fighting game - you get to make all of the same exact decisions you'd make in a real match, but at a much slower space. Two concepts were lost in translation, 1 of which being controlling space, and the other being meaty attacks, which has been delegated to a special ability of a single character. Everything else is here, though - pokes, combos, blocks, dodges, throws, special moves, supers, resource management, and most importantly, ""Yomi"", or, reading the opponent.You always have access to key information about the match, such as whats in your discard pile, and your opponents discard pile. You always know how many cards are in your hand and your opponents hand, and you can look at your opponents character card to understand their abilities at any time, which can clue you in to what kind of opportunities they'll want to take advantage of. It is through all of this and more that the game has such incredible depth.---:The interface isn't exactly amazing. It seems to be adapted from the mobile version of the game, which itself was adapted from the browser version of the game. It's functional and tells you everything you need to know, and it's certainly responsive enough, but it's not as pleasing to look at as other digital card games. The card art itself can be a little inconsistent, too - it seems that multiple artists were involved, and some were clearly better than the others. The music is kind of bland, but at least it's easily muted.+/-:I feel the game is being dishonest in listing itself as a $15 title with no DLC. The steam store purchase only grants you half of the characters, and unlocking the other half requires a $15 purchase made in-game. But if you can take a step back and really consider what you're getting here, even at the $30 price point, it is still a good deal. You wont ever have to drop money on expansion sets or booster packs, nor will you have to buy the Super Turbo edition of it next year or anything like that.If you ever decide to transition to playing with the physical cards, you may be surprised to see that individual character decks cost about $10 each, which would place the price of the full game at $200, not including shipping, and this configuration would not allow mirror matches, either. This is not a price point that would allow you to own a complete set of the game and host tournaments with, but, again, take a step back here - every other CCG tournament on the planet requires you to bring your own deck, and for $10 you get a complete, playable deck. Single cards from ""the other"" CCGs can cost $10 or more. No matter how you slice it, money invested into this game will reward you with more gameplay options and less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t than CCGs and annually released fighting games.Worth mentioning:As of this review, character unlocks are not shared cross-platform. What does this mean? Buying the game on steam does *not* give you access to characters using their webclient, or the iOS version of the game, and the same goes for the other versions - for example, if you've bought the iOS game and the expansion from the apple store, those unlocks do not carry over to the web client and steam versions - every platform is monetized separately, even in a very silly instance where the steam and web clients are nearly identical and played on the same OS, but are considered to be different platforms. Considering a single account tracks your win / loss records with each character, and stats tracked by unlocked cards are shared amongst all platforms, I am legitimately confused by the fact that unlocks are not shared. If the iOS version were priced to be competitive with other mobile games I could definitely understand this, but it's nearly a full priced game on that platform. They don't really make a point of stating this, so be aware.As a final comparison between this and the physical version; the digital versions contain characters that have not yet been printed for the physical release. The physical game also includes rulesets for 2v1 and 2v2 combat, but they seem to be considered ""for fun only"" and no effort has gone into balancing characters around this ruleset, and as a result, the digital versions of the game do NOT include playable 2v1 or 2v2 modes. I suspect this is because the digital versions of the game have primarily served as a test bed for balance checks before David Sirlin had to commit to printing any one character, and the fact that everyone has been meticulously balanced over the course of several years for 1v1 play. Again, be aware of this if you were expecting the digital game to be a 100% feature complete version of the physical cards and their rulesets.Just like any fighting game, the single player experience is lackluster. You can practice against the AI, with two selectable difficulties, and there is some sort of survival mode for you to play around with, but the meat of the game is in playing against other human opponents. The AI will teach you bad, predictable habits that real people will see right through."
,Recommended,287960,15755882,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,lowtierhero,"A long time player of thefantasystrike.comversion, Yomi is a game very near and dear to my heart. Sirlin, the creator of this game, has slaved away for years to polish it to a mirror sheen.The game is based on a simple rock-paper-scissors formula. Attacks beat Throws, Throws beat Blocks+Dodges, which beat Attacks in kind. However, the game goes beyond just throwing out options and hoping you win every time. Every character has special abilities and attacks that make some wins more important than others. One character has low combo damage, but every turn that passes slowly ticks away his opponent's life. He's quite content to sit and block all day! But that means everyone wants to throw him, so maybe he should attack in an attempt to beat those pesky throws. What to do? Every decision is tough, but success is so very rewarding!The game features 20 characters, all very well balanced and have very unique playstyles.  The blazing fast Jaina will stop at nothing to rush you down, while the calm Argagarg will slowly and methodically grind you down. The patient Master Midori will stand against any attack, but once he can turn into a Dragon, it'll be your turn to take the beating! And of course, the community has a large number of guides for learning characters and is always willing to help. So come on and give it a try!"
,Recommended,287960,15748535,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,aerobie,This game is genius. So much thought has been put into the design. So much time and effort has been put into balance. It's a card game that feels like Street Fighter. This new Steam version makes the experience of playing online faster and better-looking than the browser version. This is one of the best games currently on Steam.
,Recommended,287960,15823063,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,GGB.nei,"I really enjoy this game. I bought the physical version on Kickstarter last year, I have the iOS app and also have the characters bought in the browser client.There seems to be 2 groups of people who enjoy this game, 1) people with a history of fighting games and 2) people with a history of card games. And it is interesting how the different takes on the game shows itself in the playstyle of each player.It is also a very balanced game. In most competitive card games, there are decisive counter picks that just recks your opponents choice of decks. This is not the case in Yomi, every character stands a decent chance of winning against any other character in the game. This makes it a lot more diverse to play than a lot of the others.Just be aware that this game only grants you access to the first 10 characters, and there is an ingame purchase for unlocking the 10 other characters as well.Also, the chat implementation is not that great sadly. While you have a chat bar underneath where you hold your cards, it would be better to have it look like the browser client does. Lets hope they patch that ^^"
,Recommended,287960,16964580,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Zejety,"I can't even remember for long I have been playing Yomi. I distinctly remember playing the Print and Play physical version in college... that must have been 4 years now at the very least. Needless to say, the game holds up well to repeated play and the Steam implementation leaves nothing to be desired (maaaaybe automated tournaments?).Whatseemslike mindless Rock-Paper-Scissors at first turns out to be a complex interplay of resource management, evaluation, risk-management and reading of the opponent both in terms of making educated guesses about their hands and getting into their heads to guess their chosen combat option.The character cast is large (10 +10 in the expansion), diverse and very well balanced. The community is active, welcoming and regularly organizes leagues and tournaments athttp://www.fantasystrike.com/forums/index.php?forums/yomi-fighting-card-game.27/.Maybe most importantly, this is NOT a collectible card game. 10 characters have to be unlocked by purchasing the expansion but every character is represented by a single, fixed deck. What may be a downside for those who like customization, this is great for competitive players who are looking for an even playing field. In-game purchases exist but are restricted to cosmetics, stat-tracking and (also grindable) overpowered fun-versions of the characters that can only be used in custom games.Highly recommended for fans of card and fighting games alike.Note that you can try the game for free athttp://www.fantasystrike.com/forums/index.php?portal/"
,Recommended,287960,21687563,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,FrozenStorm,"Super fun and interesting game. It really is like Street Fighter if it were turn-based and more accessible.+ Simple to learn but has a lot of nuanced depth.+ All the characters are unique enough that they match their flavor nicely and feel like distinct strategies, but no matchup feels unbalanced such that you can't win just by being a little better.- Do note that since it's all about mind games and a 1v1 game, it can be really intense and adrenaline pumping for a turn-based game. If cut-throat competition isn't what your looking for, it's possible you won't enjoy this game, however casually amongst friends it can still be a lot of fun to play."
,Recommended,287960,16083682,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Prinny,"Yomi is a fighting game. Yomi is a card game. It's more complex than you'd think at first, and accurately mirrors fighting game behaviors and tactics.If you're curious, it's worth some dollars."
76561198070156228,Recommended,287960,15752898,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,MikeThePlayr,Big fan of this card game and was glad to repay for everything again on Steam. Played a game against the AI and it runs flawlessly with a great PC interface. Professional quality port of an outstanding card game. Not much else to say.
,Not Recommended,287960,16202088,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,"Nils, the Mind Sculptor","The game itself is fantastic (as mentioned by other reviewers) and I've played the card version quite a bit.The Steam version, however, is very far from greatness.1) The interface is not great on higher resolutions (as mentioned by many other reviews).2) The hotkeys are not customizable, and, imo, not well placed (why is ""a"" the hotkey I press the most, and not space?).3) Half the characters are ingame purchases, doubling the price of this product. Since these characters are not shown in the Steam store and there is no indication on the store page itself, the whole thing feels like the classic in-app-purchase scumbaggery we see so often in the Apple / Android store.4) I was unable to play the game until I changed my Steam name to something without a comma in it. Completely unacceptable.5) On Linux, I only get crackling instead of music / SFX. My audio works fine in all other games, just not Yomi.I can only echo what other reviewers have said before me:the underlying card game is amazing, but the Steam version is not up to snuff, and feels like it's worth about a fifth of what it costs."
76561198009306847,Recommended,287960,15896640,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,SirHandsome,"Fun, fast paced, and super-tense competitive card game where you don't have to collect stuff, build decks, or unlock stuff -- just pick a character and fight!This game captures the feeling of playing a 2D fighting game very well. Every combat-reveal is super tense and exciting, and you get a real feeling like you are playing against your opponent. Matches are full of drama and twists and turns.Logistically, it is easy to find a match (I have never waited more than a couple of minutes) at all hours of the night, which is important for a game like this, because the single player is dull and just for practice really. Multiplayer is where it's at. While you wait to be ready to jump in, there are a few short tutorials and reference cards to get you up to speed with how the game works and what each character is capable of.As a final word of praise, there is real depth and replay value here, with 10 characters to learn in the base set, and 10 more in the expansion. Not just how to play as them, but how to fight against them, as well. Every character is unique and balanced in their own way.The interface could use some improvement, and I would like some additional features. Hopefully development is ongoing; I've seen indications that it is. Because this game is too great to just leave alone!"
76561197988328010,Recommended,287960,19093838,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Dweeb,Fantastic competitive game! Much more fun than most of the other games here on Steam. Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,287960,25706910,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,JonnyD,"this game is like street fighter, but dragon punches are safe."
,Recommended,287960,19983950,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Antoids,"If you're a fan of mindgames, this game is for you. Fighting games, when you perfect your execution, become 100% about predicting what the opponent will do, and deciding what the optimal response is to that.The game is somewhere between rock-paper-scissors, poker, and a fighting game. Every character plays uniquely, and controls game flow in their own way. The rock-paper-scissors mechanic is the most evident on a passing glance, which might give the game a shallow appearance, but the addition of varying damage on your rock and paper options, and varying abilities on each character means that every individual iteration of RPS has a grander significance in the match as a whole. It may well be worth losing three matches to win one very important one later.If you want to learn basic fighting game strategy, this game will teach you. If you already know it but want to compete with friends who may not have the same level of execution skill as you, this game will do that.Yomi has the rock-paper-scissors of movement vs attack vs throw, it has mixups, it has meter building, it has supers, and it has much more. The game emulates a fighting game as perfectly as you can in a turn-based format. I think anyone who has a competitive spirit will find enjoyment in it.The only flaw I would find with this game is it is difficult to grasp the rules in the early stages in a digital format. The physical game made that simpler. I don't know if this is a concern possible to fix in this format, but your first couple games might be rough. Pushing past that is definitely worth it, though."
76561197960434909,Recommended,287960,15806959,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Dantrolene,"I have 20+ hours on the web version of this so far. Steam version is slightly smoother, but chat interface could use some work. No big compelling reasons to buy this if you already bought the characters on FantasyStrike... yet. But if you don't, check it out. It's rare to find such a balanced game with so much variety in it."
76561197988974810,Recommended,287960,15760077,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,dirtylilfixer,"Its a fun and cerebral fighting game, for those of us who can't twitch out non-stop combos. The winner is the player who successfully deduces their foes next move.Good music. Good art.Some are complaining because on 1/2 of the character is unlocked. The original card game is sold the same way - for about $30 USD. With that in mind, I was OK with spending another $15 to unlock the rest. This game is worth $30"
,Recommended,287960,15757715,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Lames,"The UI is ugly as sin and the price point is gonna be a huge turnoff for a lot of people, but the game is so good I don't even care. It's the closest to a turn based fighting game we're ever going to get."
,Recommended,287960,15779204,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,SplinterMD,"Cerebral and highly addictive, a good match will keep you at the edge of your seat.Really manages to capture the essence of a fighting game  as well as being a highly polish card game.Takes a good couple of matches to start grasping the depth of the design.Highly recommended for both CCG and fight fans"
76561197997553202,Recommended,287960,34416212,Posted: 22 August,all,wilky,Neat card game which combines rock/paper/scissors & arcade fighting game mechanics. My friend has four character decks ($35-40) which he brings when we get together to play board games. This Steam app costs less than half as much but allows me to practice with 10 character decks against AI. Recommended for people who are looking for board/card games on Steam to satisfy that urge in between getting together with friends.
76561198058297619,Recommended,287960,16146660,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,HyDrO,Best Game Ever!!!!
,Recommended,287960,15896044,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Rocko,"Note on price:Currently the game in the Steam store is just to buy the base characters (10 total), with the other 10 being an expansion you purchase in-game. There are intentionally broken EX characters you can use to goof around with friends, but you can't take them into ranked games.  There's been some confusion as to what you're actually getting so I'm setting the record straight.  Ignore all the people who says it's pay-to-win, there's 0 things you can buy that improve your chances of winning.Yomi is what happens when you take a deck of playing cards and throw it in a blender with the fighting game genre.  There are combos and combo-breakers, blocking and throws, special moves, super moves with a type of ""meter"" system, heck there are even knockdowns and mix-ups!  It all translates really well to card format.The main gameplay is basically rock-paper-scissors on steroids.  Imagine if there were situations where paper could beat scissors but they had to have fulfilled a special condition first, while rock gave triple the points of the others.  It gets crazy and complicated, yet still manages to be nicely balanced, as you can always overcome a disadvantages situation if you know what your opponent is about to do.  The trick is making it as difficult as possible for your opponent to know what YOU'RE planning.  There's 20 characters with different abilities based on actual fighting game concepts, even including a ""ranged"" character in the mix!The graphics are pretty basic (this is a card-game after all) but they get the job done.  The art for the special moves is nice at least.  The music is intense and sets the mood, though in the abstract I do kind-of giggle thinking about epic music playing in the middle of a methodical card game.Despite all the complexity of the system, it's fairly good at helping new players get into the swing of things.  There's a good tutorial and the fighting game metaphor helps players of that genre get into the mindset to deal with the things the game can throw at you.  Basing the character decks on a traditional 52 card system (plus 2 jokers) provides a nice foundation for keeping track of your options, and it has real gameplay implications too.Overall, Yomi is a really fun, intense, strategic card game that is a great translation of the fighting game genre."
76561198030813303,Recommended,287960,22715339,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SpareTire,Surprisingly deep card/fighting game.  Also out on the ios.  My only quibble is that there are not more people playing!
,Recommended,287960,16254536,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,KemetWarlord17,"SCREW THE RULES, Kaiba Corp just Polymerization-stamped fighting games. A Jab of innovation, Strong roots for inspiration and Fierce, balanced, competetive play that brings the two worlds of trading cards and fighters together in a union I'm confident you'll never find more perfected with my only gripe being them dubbing the term for powering a Super ""pumping"" instead of ""EX."" Knowing fighting game lingo before just starting will make jumping in significantly easier, as opposed to not, but once you become versed in the game, you'll feel the satisfaction of punishing an opponent with a 4-hit combo into Super all anew... but now in card game format. 9/10!"
76561198048813522,Recommended,287960,17593428,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Salamander,"It's rather pointless to nitpick every little details about the game. For example, I can start talking about the art works on the cards could use a lot of improvements, but that's rather meaningless because some people like it and some don't. Some poeple would complain about the pricing, but some people would have no problem with it. Some people would say it's unbalance and some would find this game made it just right. So it's just a little different perspectives.Let's look at the big picture, this game is well designed and every character in the game feels different with their own unique styles of game play, and gets pretty complex with the aspect of learning the decks, counting cards, mind gaming, and etc. I imagine a lot of poker players would enjoy this. I would highly recommend it to everyone who would enjoy those aspects."
,Recommended,287960,15750435,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Rox Robstah,Card art looks sweeeetAlso it's pretty fun
,Recommended,287960,16225262,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Sir Garbagetruck,"I had seen this game as a strategic fighting card game before; I suggested that the various folks that were getting together for board games at Klubi try it out, since we could print out a starter deck from the web.  Then it showed up on Steam, and I wanted to get it...And I'm not dissapointed.  I actually am hoping _everyone_ gets it that I know so we can have battles, but, I know that isn't going to happen (:I'm currently trying to master Argagarg, and eventually I'll move on to playing people instead of the hard bot, but... for now, I'll just study and work on figuring when someone's going to attack, when they're gonna dodge/block, and when they're gonna throw.This game is pretty deep, but it starts from Rock Paper Scissors.  Quite frankly, RPS people should just GET it (:"
76561197983718960,Recommended,287960,15779374,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Dont,The mindgames are real.
,Recommended,287960,16886930,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Nu_Gundam,"(Please scroll down for the quick pros and cons.)Much like Divekick, this title simulates fighting games and the mindgames perfectly, except for a few mechanics that cannot be translated to this medium such as spacing and attack ranges. It's easy to learn and highly accessible in all sorts of ways, though the UI could use some optimization.Due to the strong emphasis on the complex set of interactions between characters, the psychological aspect to this game is intense as it's moniker would suggest. Admittedly, both players do need to first understand the incentives in playing certain cards over others in a given match up since each character has a different distribution of possible plays.I played when online Yomi was still on version 1 rules, and main'ed Gloria, who specializes in card recycling, life sustain, and guaranteed damage mechanics. Despite her crippling nerfs, every game feels very close against everyone. That part was tongue-in-cheek because Gloria used to be disgustingly OP... Anyways, if you even start beasting (and you will get games where you outplay every move), it will feel extremely rewarding because you are literally in your opponent's head.Pros:+ Excellent roster of characters, each representing a typical fighting game character archetype.+ Mimicks fighting games very closely, without any of the button input execution frustrations.+ Unique set of rules that relies on hovering exactly one step ahead of your opponent.Cons:- Setsuki OP (in all fairness, this is due to everyone else getting nerfed).- Frustrations will happen anyways due to occasional misclicking.- These rules also mean staying two steps ahead of your opponent will result in a disadvantage.- 10 optional DLC expansion characters to round out the cast- UI is not optimized (chat text is still hard to read as of 7/4/2015, can't copy and paste, etc).-------------------Final Verdict: 10/10 Oh god I can't do anything against Setsuki please help m-What? I'm not supposed to rate her OPness? My bad.9/10 Very cheap since physical decks are much expense, very accessible to all skill levels, and absolutely amazing with competitive friends but I wouldn't know since I have no friends #foreveralone"
,Recommended,287960,16225470,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dr. Bizarro,"I was fighting a grappler and I used a counter that hinged upon him blocking the next attack, since he knew this, he used a throw, which I responded to with an Joker (a special attack that beats attacks and throws) which gave me enough meter to land a combo and finish himAND THIS IS A CARD GAME"
,Recommended,287960,19523292,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Blazmew,A fun and fair competitive card game with unique characters and a cool central mechanic. Easy to learn but difficult to master.
,Recommended,287960,19917735,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,RayLancer,"Yomi is a video game adaptation of a card game that's an adaptation of a fighting video game. Say what? In Yomi, each character is represented by an unique deck that consists of Attacks, Throws, Dodges, Blocks, and Jokers. What makes each character unique are the variable numbers of each cards, character abilities, life, etc. The game plays like a rock-paper-scissor game where things like attacks beats throws, throws beat dodges and blocks, etc. But the game is so much more than that. Depending on which card you use, winning gives you different benefits. Winning with an attack leaves your opponent open to combos (playing straights or special cards to link cards), or winnign with a dodge lets you counter-attack with a single attack. I own the physical card game and this PC version is very faithful to the original source. I highly recommend it to people who love card games or always wanted to play a fighting game but are not too great with inputs, memorizing moves, and other stuff.For a better in-depth how to play, check out Watch It Played's Yomi Guide:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8yb0C9yZBM"
,Recommended,287960,15994638,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Asher,"I am kinda torn on the game myself. If you would like to see my first impressions, you can check out my video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqCj5EAoIV4"
76561198006643348,Recommended,287960,16071676,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,conley1126,Really fun game. I play almost every day.Game is well populated.Takes a little while to get the hang of but its fun no matter what.Price is a little misleading as you only get half the fighters.Over all really solid and well balanced CCG.  Very fun to play.
76561197980216719,Recommended,287960,15936171,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Throwback,"easy to learn, impossible to master!Easy interface, friendly community and no trouble finding games.  Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,287960,16634085,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,think of a name later,"It's definitly fun. The problem is that the game bills itself as based on fighting games yet the game has half the roster locked behind a paywall. They can be unlocked but the time required to do so is F2P tier.If a regular fighting game had a roster of 50% DLC characters, it would be a joke. So, in reality, to appreciate this game you need to throw down $30 for the complete package.Plus, RNG dictating whether or not you can poke, block, or grab is really lame."
,Not Recommended,287960,15763728,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TimFortress,I recommend this game to you all but not recommend it on SteamGo play website version because this one is not free to play .http://www.fantasystrike.com/game/I got no idea why you need a Steam version because andriod and iphone version fits better.Please have a go on those version first before judging me.The full prize is 30$ if you want all decks in game>>also check out boss monsters if you want to play card game.
,Not Recommended,287960,23301746,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,seventeen angry pugs,The multiplayer of this game is dead.
,Not Recommended,287960,15758215,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Sqwuib,"Do you want a game that feels like it was meant for an ipad?Well then! Yomi is for you!Gameplay wise, it's smooth just like the card game, the rules work nicely and make matches quick.But it's a boring game visually, no flare or spectacle.Play virutal chess and what you see is what you get, a clean game for the thinking man.Play Yomi and what you get is pumping loud (Not very great sounding imo) music to boring static characters who rotate horizontally to indicate they're knocked over."
,Recommended,287960,15747432,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Karas,Fighting game card game!
76561198091292389,Not Recommended,287960,32739404,Posted: 24 June,all,Vassago Rain,"By far the most pretentious game I've played, and the only steam game I've had refunded. Truly a remarkable achievement. If you want to play a 'yomi' based game, get any random fighting game. If you want to play a mediocre card game, get this game.Anyone who defends this waste of time is equally as pretentious as Sirlin himself."
76561197990435311,Recommended,287960,27823719,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SirOnigiri,One of the most interesting fighting-game based board game has come to PC. It's simple deep and gives alot of thoose perfect stand-up memorable moments of gaming.
76561198062835154,Recommended,287960,28088658,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ShinyPants,"7/10 for me.  I absolutely love the gameplay. However, the lack of an online community, plus very little to do offline leaves much to be desire."
76561198076712683,Recommended,287960,29082799,Posted: 7 January,all,majorface101,A new take on fighting games. A card-based fighting game is really interesting idea. I love fighting games they're my most favorite kind of games of all time. So when  I saw this was a fighting game with a samurai and a ninja and other characters that are playable I had to get this.
76561198045401832,Recommended,287960,29460913,Posted: 24 January,all,SoloPlayah,"What I always wanted (really)- a fighting card sim. Gameplay and characters are top notch.Since everyone complains that SFV does not have an Arcade mode, I believe the same could be said here- there does not appear to be enough for a single player (no story, tag team, or tournament mode, just survival mode).That said, it is a good diversion for a single player since the cards are balanced.Great strategy game, and I am sure multiplayer is very tense as you have to second guess your opponent.Regarding the controversy over the DLC, the game is playable with the original 10 characters, and you could fight the other locked 10. If you get the DLC, you also get EX cards."
,Recommended,287960,34864583,Posted: 10 September,all,Kitanski,"Design and Idea are good, but i don't like these characters, wish if one day more games like this will be available."
