user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,288060,11237687,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Moonshine,"Whispering Willows is a beautiful game. Unfortunately, it's true only if you use 'beautiful' as a word for 'very pretty' or 'extremely pleasant to look at'.The gameplay and puzzles are repetitive and boring. The story and writing are mediocre. You're looking at, give or take, 3 hours of walking past gorgeous backgrounds, listening to a decent soundtrack, doing same things over and over, solving a few childishly easy puzzles, dying maybe 2-4 times, hardly ever getting scared or actually caring about any of the characters."
,Recommended,288060,18822409,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Erbkaiser,"Whispering Willows is an impressive, beatifully made indie horror/suspense game. You play as a young girl who can communicate with the dead  as you explore a large mansion filled with ghosts, killer insects, and other horrors.The game is well written, has a beautiful art style, and a great soundtrack. The game is not voiced, all dialogue is through text.Gameplay wise it is a side-scrolling adventure game. You do have an inventory but never have to use it manually, all inventory puzzles will automatically use an item (such as a key) if you have it and come across the place to use it. Basically the game uses just three  buttons: one to interact/use items, one to become a ghost, and one to open the menu to read the game's notes which tell the meat of the story.It's a short experience that can be finished comfortably within three hours, but it's a three hours that give one of the best horror/suspense experiences in a game I've had in years. Definitely recommend this one."
,Recommended,288060,16037234,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Paper Tiger,"Whispering Willows is a simple game that blends elements of puzzle, point-and-click, and visual novel games. There is a large focus on storytelling, and very little focus on gameplay.While the game offers many puzzles, most of them are very simple and will likely not require much careful thought or the assistance of an online walkthrough. However, players who wish to experience the full enjoyment of Whispering Willows are expected to do a bit of reading.The game features a multitude of brief notes and diary entries which the player collects throughout their playthrough. These notes are well-written and help bring the game to life. While there is nothing forcing the player to read these notes, to neglect them would be to skip the entire point of the game.This is because simply playing the game will not yield much enjoyment in itself. There is nothing particularly ""fun"" about the gameplay; the entire two to three hour experience is comprised simply of exploring the game's two-dimensional settings and ""examining"" your surroundings by pressing the Space bar.However, in spite of its simple gameplay, Whispering Willows does do a great job of telling a unique story. It does so strongly enough that I found myself interested to follow the game through to the finish while also enjoying the experience.While I really appreciated this, I understand that a lot of people do not have the patience or curiosity to play a game for its story or message alone. If you are one of those people, Whispering Willows is not for you.Whispering Willows is a great introduction for players who are interested in but not necessarily familiar with gaming as a medium of storytelling. The price may be a bit steep for a rather short game, but all in all, I really recommend this game to you if you enjoy a good story and contributing to smaller indie titles -- especially if it's on sale! ^_^"
,Recommended,288060,11155822,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,₹GemmaFaye₹,"Graphically I have to say that this game looked amazing, the level of detail that was put into this game, and the art style seemed to fit the game perfectly. They also were able to make you feel and see that something has corrupted this place. I also have to say that the spirit form in this game looked right out of a top notch comic book. Actually all the art could have come straight out of a comic book. I was also impressed with the use of doors that either brought you into a room in front or behind you. This made the at times very slow pace of the game bearable.The sounds in the game definitely gave off the vibes of horror game. I do wish that the characters were voiced. I think that would have added a little something extra and pulled the gamer in that much more.Alright so lets talk game here, as you might have noticed I already made mention of the slow pace of the game, you are going to be walking the entire time. There is a time for running but it happens in such a small part of the game that you are going to wish you could do that elsewhere. I enjoyed the twists and turns in the story and the puzzles that had to be solved with the assistance of the ghosts that you could interact with when in spirit form. I also appreciated the fact that the puzzle aspect of the game required the spirit form to make things interesting.Now the problem with this game comes in the form of if you ever get lost or perhaps missed something big in the game, you are going to wander around, and when you do that you are going to do that in a walking form, so if you ever have a moment of clarity when you remember where you are headed you might find yourself having to do some serious backtracking/walking to get there which can definitely hurt the gaming experience. At the same time, though, if the running mechanism was in the game there's definitely a chance that you are going to miss something, either a spirit you might want to talk to or extreme danger.One thing that I did appreciate about this game was that there were several layers to it. If you really didn't care about the story, it wasn't going to slap you constantly in the face, you could just look for the keywords in the conversations and then move on. If you were looking for an in-depth experience you could have this as well with the notes and letters lying around the game that gave you more information on the characters and the setting. There's also the middle of the road approach where you can get the story and you don't have to read those extras you find throughout the game.This game definitely is not for everyone. There's a couple little glitches in the game when it comes to interacting with the actual mansion and triggering the chapter titles even when you are in a different chapter, but overall you're going to find a very solid game. If you are looking for something a little dark with paranormal undertones, you are going to like this game. Now there might be times where you are going to get frustrated with the walking everywhere, but if you stick with it you will find a solid game in the end. So after making it through this entire game I have to say that it deserves an 10 out of 10 from me."
,Recommended,288060,11606567,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"I do enjoy my puzzle games, But i was getting kinda stale on the same old puzzlers with no story. I never heard anyone mention or play this game So i am fortunate to have found it. Its a pretty calm game that has a spooky side with spirits. Its adorable and touching with superb visuals, This is just what i've been in the mood for."
,Recommended,288060,11159883,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,♥ Sleepy ♥,Great Detailed storyline.Great puzzles and well worth the price :D Glad to have it as a new addition to my steam library.8/10-bit slow movement speed..can get a bit annoying
76561198052983021,Recommended,288060,20203436,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,jvgocavs_2000,"In Whispering Willows you play as a young girl on an adventure searching for her missing father.  He probably shouldn’t have taken that job as a groundskeeper at that spooky, decaying old mansion, but good thing for you he did as it leads you on quite an adventure.  As you attempt to forge your rescue you will explore many macabre locals, uncover fascinating character stories via letters scattered about, and even get to mingle with the dead via your spirit powers.  That’s right, thanks to a very friendly and very long dead Indian shaman you have the power to leave your body as a spirit.  This will be the main tool at your disposal as you navigate through the 2D landscape of catacombs, old mansions, garden mazes and the like.  Your spirit can get to places you can’t, open paths that may be blocked, interact with puzzles and even speak with ghosts of the long deceased who have a story to tell.  The art style is gorgeous and combined with the music and story successfully created a world in which I was eager to explore.  If you enjoy adventure games, good ghost stories, exploration and an occasional puzzle do yourself a favor and give this gem of a game a try."
,Recommended,288060,12849994,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Ebees,"WARNING:  This game may make you grimace for minutes at a time.  Some of the jokes are.... too painful to bear.  I just... I... My face has yet to recover and the pain I felt may be etched into the creases of my frown permanently.As many others has said, this game is SHORT.  At least 1 of the 4.2 hours of the game was spent watching Walkthrough's while I was stuck on a puzzle and another half hour was spent reading the diary pages.  However, the story is really interesting and the diary pages are worth reading, if you are one who actually reads for enjoyment.  I waited until the Halloween sale and bought the Deluxe Edition for a fair price, so I recommend waiting until it's on sale to actually buy it."
,Not Recommended,288060,13477728,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Elizabeth Mills,"Whispering Willows is a monkey's-paw of a game. Everything about (the art style, the story, the soundwork) is absolutely stellar.Then you have to move around. Elaina can run - when you're outside. Except there's nothing to do outside except run to the next building, and the choice to have Metroidvania-style backtracking in a game that makes you walk, verrrrry slowly, is just a game-killer.I want to like it, everything about it isextremely my jam, but the frustratingly slow pace just feels like completely artificial and aggravating padding. I'd rather the game be short (because you can actually traverse the damn world) than un-fun."
76561198045141591,Recommended,288060,29605393,Posted: 31 January,all,Wolfhowl,"I'll recommend this for those that want a nice little adventure game that lasts a few hours where you are solving some pretty straight forward and simple puzzles.It is a ghost story, but I wouldn't really call it a horror game or even close.  It does have a slightly dark and creepy atmosphere, but I wouldn't call it scary at any point. I'd more place its horror level somewhere between Tim Burton's Corpse Bride and Coraline. So not for people that are into horror, more those that find darkness and ghost to be neat. Maybe those that just want a setting to be a tiny bit goth or emo.The story is easy to follow, and you are able to get further backstory into several of the ghosts and their emotions when they were alive through notes that you find all over the mansion.The puzzles were all very straight forward, and a lot of the npc in the world gives you hints on how to proceed. Which does make the game a bit easier, but also a bit more fun than the many adventure games that has absolutely silly solutions. The game also saves every time you pass into a new area, so you barely lose any progress if you get killed byan evil crawling thingy or a bush monster.As for the main character herself... I didn't really feel like she was so important, and the focus felt much more on the ghosts and her father she is trying to save. After the game the only things I really can remember about her isshe is a descendant of a native american shaman, she loves her dad a lot, and she thinks girls caring deeply about love letters is silly.She seems to be the kind of protagonist that is supposed to be a mostly empty shell so the player can imagine themselves as her.I felt the game was worth my time. It had a nice non-scary-ghostly atmosphere, a relaxing pace, and I only had to look up guides for some of the achievements, because the puzzles were all logical. I could see myself going back to replay it in a few months, if I just want to play an adventure game for a few hours one evening."
,Recommended,288060,11241235,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,nola667,"It is a short game, the story was great and very detailed. Simple side scroller, mystery puzzle solver game."
,Recommended,288060,24809054,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,DannyboyO1,"Decent game. Took me about 2 hours, only missed easter egg secrets. Writing was meh to decent. No voice acting. Longer scenes got a bit annoying with the text box chiming each time a new character spoke. Game saves so often, death was never a problem. Exploration was generally rewarding.After playing... I want to see more of this."
76561198138713189,Recommended,288060,11252998,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,smelly cat,"I initially bought the game because the animation looked fantastic. I love a beautifully drawn game, and this does not disappoint. It's a fairly short, back and forth in a moderately sized space side scroller, with decently fleshed out backstory. I really, really enjoyed the use of astral projection, but wished it was used much more often; my favorite part of the game. Only cons were the text bubble noise that constantly pinged when you continued the dialogue, the absence of a running option, and the forced progression of the story making it hard to go back to get achievements if you progressed too far. I've never cared for that, but it doesn't take away from the game that much. Overall, it's a gorgeous game. 8/10"
,Recommended,288060,23613333,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,MissDarkPidgeon167,"Really intruiging story and nice gameplay, not overlly scary but definitely tense (there was only really one part *SPOILER* with the little rat/monster things that couldn't be seen dropped onto me that made me jump *END SPOILER*). Nice character design and display, little annoyed there are some achievements you can't get past a certain point because of the autosave but will probably be going back to replay this at some point. Otherwise, really enjoyed going through uncovering the story and secrets this game had to offer! Really enjoyable overall!"
,Not Recommended,288060,25230950,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Azari,"I'm not sure if I should put it as ""recommended"" or not. This game hovers on the edge between mediocre and a bit bad.Whole thing is obviously based completely on the story, there are no mechanics to mention.If the only value is the story, and the story is short, generally just bearable and sometimes plainly dull, then it's clear - game seems bad.Yet this opinion feels a little not fair. I admit that there were few moments when I actually enjoyed some little bits. Liked some story here, some art there, but that wasn't it. Few moments and some little bits are not enough.Puzzles...Between the points when you read fragments of game's lore found on scattered notes, you wander all over the place solving puzzles. Don't expect any of those to be challenging. Its simple, you aporoach the puzzle, solve it instantly, and proceed to wander around. That's all. A bit disappointing.I see people are delighted with art in Whispering Willows. I don't feel it. It's okay, but just okay.Should you buy it? Price is decisive here. And well, game is worth at most half of its actual price.So, if you feel an unexplained need to fill your five hours with simple, colorless story, and if you don't want to be disappointed after, buy it when its atleast -50%."
,Recommended,288060,12734419,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,FightingInFishnets,"The real winner in this game is the art. It's beautiful 2-D animation, and the artists should really be commended for making something so damn pretty. The world is very immersive for a side-scroller. I enjoyed Elena's little comments about the objects around her, even though most of them didn't have much to do with the plot.The plot was decent. The story was uncomplicated, but it was revealed in an interesting way. I found the ending to be a little too neat and tidy, but I'm a bit of a stickler for storytelling. Overall, it was an enjoyable couple of hours of story. As everyone else has said, it's not a horror game, so much as a ghost story game with spooky elements. That doesn't mean it's not good, but if you want hardcore horror, go find another game.The game mechanics were simple, but as the emphasis was on story that wasn't really a problem for me. I didn't find the puzzles that challenging, though they were still enjoyable. It doesn't have a lot of replay value, as it's going to follow the same plot everytime and there's no real challenge to the puzzles, but I'll probably play it again at somepoint to finish up the achievements.I'd also recommend picking it up on sale, if you can. You might feel that you get more for your money that way."
,Recommended,288060,19909227,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Widerstand,"Whispering Willows is a sidescroller adventure game with a lovely artstyle and quite extraordinary sound design. It's a relatively short game and you may finish it in about 2 hours, more or less. It's a solid piece, really, this genre with such design choices doesn't really attract me that much. However Whispering Willows did keep my attention as I've played through it, which fascinated me. - and I have absolutely no idea why it did. Artwork, Soundtrack and interaction between me and the ghosts with different backgrounds, telling me bits and pieces about their past. No detail is too small.If you're into this kind of approach to puzzle games, Whispering Willows is a gem. I wish it would be a lot longer, would bring more variety of traps etc. and would have voiceacting. But less is more at this stage and I believe this team, with enough support, will bring much more. They have such potential; and they have my support. Also it has a GNU/Linux version. - which is apperciated, and I will be expecting more from Night Light Interactive in the future."
76561198040538972,Recommended,288060,30398357,Posted: 8 March,all,karhu,"Short, about 1.5 hours long game with some pretty nice lore and puzzles. The small world it takes place in is tied together quite well. I played it twice. The replay value is not very good, but the game itself is surprisingly memorable. Decent buy for 2 bucks."
,Recommended,288060,33352368,Posted: 7 July,all,Bob,I really love the art work in this game. The core mechanic of astral projection is excellent. The story and characters are decent and the music is pretty good too. I was the initially suspect about the confusingness of the layered map but it wasn't too bad in the end. So all in all it is well worth a play.
,Recommended,288060,18875676,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Syl,There's not much to say about this game that other reviews haven't said better. A short but sweet game.
76561198027326496,Not Recommended,288060,21513605,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fronzel,"Part of a genre of short and not very challenging adventure games; a genre that lives or dies on presentation, atmosphere, and story.While the art direction and atmosphere are decent, the story and characterizations are pretty simplistic and shallow. Much of the story is presented through written notes found littered about the setting in typically inexplicable fashion and the writing here is indifferent at best and introduces themes and ideas which are never elaborated on.While the game’s puzzles are straightforward and not very challenging the climax of the game still stands out as trivially easy as it gives the player explicit on-screen text prompts on exactly what to do. Even in a genre not known for challenge this is kind of silly but might have been necessary as this sequence introduces a new mechanic with no time to teach it to player.I’d only recommend it if you happen to really like spooky, dilapidated mansion settings."
,Recommended,288060,11277801,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Saffron,"This game is a tough one to review. I'll start out by saying that I did enjoy this game as a whole. If you enjoy psychological horror, and are patient enough to deal with a bit of trial-and-error playing, then it's easy enough to look past some of the game's issues and truly enjoy it.Regardless of the fact that, in theory, this seemed like a perfect game for me, in practice, there were definitely some hits and misses in the experience that kept it from meeting its potential. I'll start off with some of the negatives. The first thing you see in the game,  even before the menu screen, is a short cutscene which is fashioned like a slideshow, as opposed to a fully animated cutscene. The problem, in my opinion, is the art in said cutscenes. Compared to the gorgeous character animation within the game, the art for the cutscenes looked rushed and inconsistent. The coloring in these scenes was jarring to the eye compared to some of the richly-designed environments found in the game. It's certainly a forgivable aspect of the game, but I personally found that it would take me out of the otherwise immersive gaming experience, creating a choppy transition from scene to gameplay.My second issue is again rather minor, but is nonetheless something that affected my gameplay. On two occasions, I found myself at a total loss as to what I had to do next. I spent a good amount of time wandering around the area aimlessly until I finally just decided to look at a walkthrough. It had gotten to the point where I was no longer engaged, just annoyed, which is tragic considering that I am an avid puzzle fan who enjoys a good challenge. It is a fine line between giving the player a fulfilling obstacle to overcome, and presenting the player with something that they're just happy to be done with.Finally, my last issue is the final chapter. It isn't bad, but I don't think it gave the game the ending it deserved. For all of the atmospheric dread that had characterized the entire game, the ending felt a little too Disney for me.But now that I have said all of this terrible stuff, I want to emphasize what I really enjoyed about the experience. As mentioned above, I was wowed by the interiors of the various buildings I had to explore in-game, and the rotted portrayal of what should be ordinary makes me think of Freud's theory of the Uncanny. The character design of the various haunts we meet along the way were by far my favorite part of the game – in fact, I wish we had learned more about some of these characters, or at least have been able to send them off in peace ( as we got to do with some characters). I really enjoyed the intricacy of the story that I was presented with, but I don't think enough questions were answered (considering how neatly the ending seemed to tie the whole thing up). And, of course, make sure you have the sound on when you play; this game flaunts incredible sound design.Overall, Night Light has debuted on the scene with a good start. I think the reason that there are so many things many reviewers keep pointing out is that, well, we really want this game to be great. You've got the beginnings of something great, and I think that making small adjustments here and there could actually make a huge difference.So if you do decide to buy the game, take it with a grain of salt. It's no masterpiece, but I considered it worth the fairly short amount of time I ended up investing in it. It's not gonna be perfect, but you'd be hard pressed to deny that Night Light has come out to a very good start, all things considered.I look forward to seeing what else you guys come up with. You've got the creativity, the thought, the concept; troubleshoot from here and you'll be golden.7/10"
76561197989829771,Recommended,288060,11342171,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Boss Daddy,"Whispering Willows tries very hard to tell a tale deeper than it's writing is able to, and can basically be summed up by saying, ""Walk the most emo character in video game history through the most confusingly designed estate ever, listening to mediocre writing regale you with a tale of stereotypes and cliche... and somehow, still have a good time doing it.""  Despite it's very indy game feel, the game is actually a lot better than it's parts should allow. It flows well, has amazing hand drawn cut scenes, and endearing characters. It's fun, it's quick, and when it's done, you'll find you actually enjoyed playing it. It's solid."
76561198026394624,Recommended,288060,11194090,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Asrial,"While I really enjoyed this game, I was sort of sad that I was able to get through it in about 2 hours.  I would love for there to be other ""chapters"" or maybe ""books"" in which Elena goes through different ghostly encounters.  The game was fairly linear directed and I wasn't really scared of anything.  I would have liked some slight defensive abilities for some of the, erm, obstacles in the game."
,Recommended,288060,27601306,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SmokesNMirrors,"I love the story, I love the game play, and I love the graphics. I expected to like this title but instead loved this title to death!"
76561198060854747,Recommended,288060,29036963,Posted: 5 January,all,Schattenspiegel on Linux,"A lovely little ghost story. No overly fancy graphics or mindblowing riddles, action  or stuff like that to find here but still an enjoyable, relaxingly paced little game. Just the right stuff for a dark winter evening playthrough. Grab it on sale and you probably will not regret it."
,Recommended,288060,22439277,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,TigerTrix,"A light little story-driven adventure, with simplistic puzzles, that will take you 4 hours to complete (or longer if you read the notes you pick up).  It isn't great.  But for what it is, a little diversion with decent atmosphere, you might find some interest here.It played great for me on Windows 10 on my Alienware Alpha on a 47"" TV using an xbox 360 gamepad.  The on-screen controls indicate keyboard, but they are simplistic enough to intuitively remember what the button mapping is on the gamepad.3/5 star = Its ok."
,Recommended,288060,30156412,Posted: 24 February,all,kplvx8,"A short but sweet adventure game.  There are only a few minor negatives to it:1.  You can only run outside the buildings.  Elena moves at a decent pace, but there some areas indoors where you need to back-track where it slows down the game.2.  No minimap.  The areas are not too large, but it can be a bit confusing to remember where the different areas are,3.  Two puzzles near the end are a bit tricky due to poor controls:3a. One is located right next to the clue for it (which is fine in my book), but the puzzle is not marked well and looks just like another section of background art.  Normally the game has pop-up text to alert you to this, but the puzzle is near other backgrould objects that just has Elena comment on her family, so the puzzle are is hard to notice.3b. The second puzzle is very touchy with what it will accept as the right answer.  You are given a fairly obvious hint about what to do, but even when you know what to do, it can still take a number of tries before the game accepts your input as being correct.Other than those minor issues, this game was a fun couple of hours."
,Recommended,288060,22198123,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Practical Problems,The hero's name Elena is looking for her father.+art style+story+atmosphere+simple puzzle+thanks amulet can become a ghost and communicate with the dead people- sometimes you can get lost on what to do or where to go-short story
,Recommended,288060,30607117,Posted: 18 March,all,CerebralCort-X,"Friendly Ghosts, Bloodstained Stuff, Invisible Spiders, and the Dude that Got Away With Murder (PG-13)To be honest, I got this game because, from watching the previews, I really wanted to try out the whole astral projection or ""going ghost"" feature. It did not disappoint! That was, by far, my favorite part aside from hunting achievements, which was one of the reasons I held on for long. Although some are missable, most of them you don't have to work too hard for as they pop up while you're doing quests.The heroine is a headstrong and spunky character - not very difficult to root for. I like it that when the atmosphere becomes more hostile in an eerie way, she gets scared too and shows it, pressuring you to figure things out fast so you can get out of wherever you are ASAP.The storyline's okay. Although the main focus was on saving the heroine's father, the bigger picture began to unravel itself along the way. I'm glad they chose 2D graphics for this as some scenes are pretty macabre. I'm still wondering what happened to the other ghosts, though. Some were able to cross over after being helped through quests, but what of the others? Did they all cross over when the main hurdle was passed?If you're expecting a horror game, this is not it. If you like mystery and puzzle solving games, though, you may just enjoy this. I suggest getting this game when it's on sale as it's pretty short. You can finish it in one sitting, although the ending may leave you hanging and with questions left unanswered.7/10"
,Recommended,288060,31652896,Posted: 9 May,all,teufelhexxe,"This is a fun little game to play if you're looking for something quick with a story that still manages to be intriguing.  As is the norm these days, all of the backstory is given in notes scattered throughout the environment, which are easy to find as long as each area is thoroughly explored.  Whispering Willows uses puzzle solving instead of actual combat, and none of the solutions are incredibly difficult (in fact, the game will tell you what to do in some instances). The background music usually adds to the overall atmosphere, which is enhanced by the beautiful backgrounds, but there are times when it can get a little grating. My only complaint comes from the controls; while the game is controller-friendly, there are a few bugs when it comes to moving up and down staircases, and the player is left to figure out which button does what on their own."
,Recommended,288060,12780806,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Komu,"Release trailer looks amazing.Game is.. not as amazing but worth playing.Good story, good game mechanics, just a bit short.Then again, making this game longer might been bad for the story.4/5"
76561198086505175,Recommended,288060,11594163,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,[POEX]An-Tarxamon,"My overall rating for Whispering Willows: 100/100Whispering Willows tells us a story of a haunted mansion, which waits to reveal its secrets and finish open matters of ghastly remnants. Elena's dad got lost, so she do not hesitate to go there and face the horrors by herself alone.I have to say, I am pleasantly surprised by a story, which led us to various puzzles and perfect details even on the episodic characters. Game is logical and still have its mystery. And when you look carefully, you will find little surprises prepared by creators.Art is also catching, I think it is even better, that this game is drawn in a specific animation-look-like style with cutscenes revealing main part of the story. There are no jumpscares, but music goes right under the skin and after change of form to astral, it is like wind, like you know, you belong back to your body. Impressing.Elena was moving a bit slow, but it did not matter to me, I believed her, she is scared and ran only, when in a big danger. And when I stayed somewhere for too long, she was cute, while she was afraid. Perfect detail!Another point, challenging but completable achievements, which is trully rarely seen in another currently released games. My favourite was the secret room and Night Light logo.To sum it up, if you are up to these games, puzzles, little bit of horror and exploration, definitely go for it and I think it can tell something even beyond this genre. And touching finale of course.Night Light Interactive, excellent job!PS: Creators are communicating with you about possible bugs and are part of the community. This completes my review, I am looking forward to another games from them."
76561198010860571,Recommended,288060,15227154,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,dog not understand art,"Whispering Willows is a sidescrolling adventure game, driven by its story and atmosphere, about a haunted mansion and the surrounding grounds. It's charming, and can pull you in for a little while, but it's hampered by some cumbersome situations and rudimentary elements. I beat it in five hours, while taking my time, and had a decent amount of fun despite the flaws. There are a few last achievements you can hunt down when you're done, but no real replayability.The game has very attractive graphics, with nice lighting and glow effects. The ghosts you meet have a cartoony style, but are still depicted with various fatal injuries that add some distinction to each one. I'm not a fan of the cutscene artwork, as it looks a lot more crude and clumsy than the game itself.The sound is nice as well. Subtle music and eerie ambient noises give each indoor and outdoor location its own feel. Invisible creatures, both helpful and harmful, are signaled by the noise of your character's amulet, or of their own mysterious movements.The game is played by exploring each area of the mansion. This is a mostly linear experience: talking to ghosts, unlocking doors and collecting necessary items along with documents that gradually tell the game's story. Experiencing new environments and reading the story are really the high points of the game, but toward the end, many of the rooms are bleakly similar to each other, the abritrary size and layout of the mansion leading to some slow backtracking. If you manage to miss something, you'll be plodding around for a few minutes, trying to figure it out, and the feeling of reward when you get it right isn't as satisfying as in some more elegantly built games.Puzzles are often solved by assuming a spirit form which can pass through openings in walls and ceilings, and manipulate objects like switches or keys. There are a few moments of novelty to this, but compared to some games about changing forms or manipulating your environment, Whispering Willows uses it in a fairly simple and straightforward way. The final scenarios of the game remind me of the game Ghost Trick, but Whispering Willows can't really compare to something like that.The story is fairly interesting, largely delivered through notes that you pick up. It's fairly easy to find them all, so you probably won't miss out on any details. The story falters a bit near the end, in my opinion, by trying to be a bit more epic than it is, but it reveals some final truths and then wraps itself up without dragging on too long.In the end, parts of the game shine more than others, but it still all comes together to a decent experience. It can feel slow or annoying in some areas, but I've played worse. If the ghostly atmosphere, solving a few puzzles, and collecting and reading notes and letters to piece the story together sounds fun, you might have a good time with this game; otherwise, I would steer far away from it. Either way, I would wait for a sale. This isn't a game so amazing you just have to play it right now, and $15 is a lot for a short one like this."
,Recommended,288060,28298774,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Daniela,"A nice game, really chill and short. Good for a sunday afternoon."
,Recommended,288060,14508928,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Wrath of Tron,"I feel like my mom was a dev on this game...... there's a very frustrating ""no running in the house"" ruleHonestly, I don't really have anything too bad to say about Whispering Willows.  It's a fairly short game, but that works in it's favor as the gameplay, story and incredibly slow walking pace does wear thin by the end.  It killed a couple of hours and I didn't hate it... best praise I can muster.That said the current asking price of $15 is VERY hefty for what you get.  I cleared it in under three hours and there is little to no replay value for most people.  I'd personally recommend waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,288060,24433457,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Tillburg,"GLANCE RECOMMENDATION:71% YES/ 29% NOGOODLighting, music, and sound design are impressive and all help to convey a mysterious, ghostly exploration setting.Characters are simple and easy to understand, which lends itself to an easily approachable story.There's a surprising beauty to the background art and especially the interior I didn't expect.I never felt like I had a bad sense of navigation, despite the buildings having quite a few doors and levels and the garden areas being massive.NEUTRALI never felt like I entirely understood the last beat of the story and was a bit offput by the villain's motives to be evil.BADDespite some of the actual threats having cool presentation, I never enjoyed them appearing. Most of the times they struck quick and made you redo the room, which itself is easy, but it's more bothersome than enticing.The in game art is rather beautiful, but for some reason we get some short cut scenes towards the end with a dip in quality. I would have rather seen these removed.SUMMARYAt the full price point, this is an easily recommendable ghost/mystery exploration game that will demand a mere few hours of your time. With great lighting, sound design, and overall aesthetic: please take a moment to explore Whispering Willows."
,Recommended,288060,11396774,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Kappa,"Whispering Willows is an entertaining 2D adventure/puzzle game wherein you, as the ghost shifting Elena, delve deeper into the grim past of the Willows Mansion and its grounds in an attempt to find your father. Complete with numerous, horribly disfigured spirits, initially terrifying enemies and maddening puzzles to solve, it turns out to be a great deal of fun.The only drawbacks are the rather short length of the game and the lack of any real horror -- the focus being more on the haunting atmosphere and the melancholy backstories of the spirits you encounter along the way.All in all, Whispering Willows is a worthwhile purchase for some wanton escapism dipped in the macabre."
,Recommended,288060,11433306,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Nedy Bonz,"Wow, this game was well worth it. The story telling is good, the characters are well done, and the artwork is beautiful. Very well done. I am looking forward to another play through to find all that I missed."
,Recommended,288060,11580138,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,MNSS,"Cute, nice, relaxing.Does not claim to fame entertainment8.5 out of 10 caps"
,Recommended,288060,21913137,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Denied Benjamin,"You play as Elena, a young girl searching for her father. He has been kidnapped, and you have to gather clues to find him. You explore a spooky mansion and its surroundings, where you will encounter many original characters. There's tons of letters to collect and read, which I highly recommend that you take your time to do. It will reveal some pretty interesting and macabre stories about the people who once used to live there.Whispering Willows is a short and sweet sidescroller. I cannot recommend it at its full price due to the length. It only took me about 3.5 hours to finish it, and I was being thorough and slow trying to read everything and finish all the achievements. Speaking of achievements, if you're an achievement hunter you'll love this one. They're easy to find and get a 100%, though some are hidden and might require you replay the game.I didn't have any expectations going into this, although I thought it was going to be more of a horror game than it actually is. The atmosphere is definitely eerie, with a superb soundtrack and cool art style. There's no jumpscares in this, or any scares really. I thought the stories from the letters was the creepiest part of the game.All in all; I loved this game and you should definitely try it out, but pick it up on a sale."
,Recommended,288060,28096782,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ludrin,"Grab this at a discount, and only if you enjoy games with a good storyStoryYou play as Elena, searching for her missing father in the abandoned mansion of the city's founder: Wortham Willow. Upon arriving, she quickly realizes that not everything is at it seems (wow, what a surprise): there's blood and skeletons everywhere, and she can see and comunicate with ghosts, for she is a descendant of a tribe of shamans. Unfortunatelly, there are also malevolent spirits that want to cause Elena harm. Finding text logs (no search required; they're usually in the way you have to go) isessentialto know more about Wortham and the story of the game, and the information is revealled slowly, untill you finally realize whats going on. Overall, it's interesting and makes you want to know more and more, but it's nothing revolutionary or new.Graphics and soundIt's all drawn and animated frame-by-frame. The scenarios are nice and have a lot of detail to them, and it really gives a feel of abandon and danger, like something will pop out to scare you at any minute. The soundtrack is minimal and contribute to this as well. Elena's flowing hair when she's in astral form is awesome.GameplayIt's not good, but it's not frustrating either. There are not many movements in the first place, but somethings like climbing stairs and flying around in astral form could be done better. There's no difficulty; the puzzles are easy and the enemies (if you can even call then that) scarse. That's a problem, because the game manages to give a feeling of fear and dread, like something bad is going to happen, but after the beggining, nothing does. It's wasted potential. Also, you can beat it in 4 hours, tops.ConclusionIt has an amusing mistery that's pretty well told, but the no replay value and short duration makes it only worth for players that enjoy a good story, and that bought it at a discount."
76561198197918528,Recommended,288060,34590470,Posted: 29 August,all,VanSven73,"ON SALE ONLYThis little Adventure has a really nice art style and shows potential, the story is ok, BUT- to me the music was to repetitive and with a lag of melody and short loops rather annoying for my taste (being a working musician myself).- if there are any, I probably missed the challenging puzzles. But found some playing ""hard to get"" due to unkown issues with the raster of joystick movement.- constant reminder of ""how to walk the staircases"" c´mon dude! why?- no replay value but missed trophies. ( took most of my time)- no real voice over, but I consider that personal taste.- I simply have a different understanding of the term ""full controller support"". In this case i´d rather say ""it works but the mapping feels odd (to me at least).Bottom Line:Something nice to do if you have nothing else to play at the moment. Game is ok on Sales. I definitely can NOT RECOMMEND the Soundtrack. It´s a special cup of tea. (to my taste)"
,Recommended,288060,25810131,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,fluffiliscious,Very story heavy with not-too-difficult puzzles. This game was a nice way to spend a couple of hours. I would probably wait until it goes on sale instead of paying the $10 but if you enjoy games with a lot of story and puzzles then I recommend giving it a whirl.
76561198170429059,Recommended,288060,29726971,Posted: 5 February,all,Alucard257,This was a interesting game very enjoyable to play. I got this on sale for the acheivements did 2 playthroughs and very much enjoyed it would definetly recommend this game to occupy some time.
,Recommended,288060,31329246,Posted: 23 April,all,dagmundna,"This game is, in my opinion, average on most levels.The story is a pretty standard ghost story, but I did find it engaging enough and I liked the characters in it. I would have wanted some more challenging puzzles and maybe a few more ghosts to help out.The visual presentation is good in in-game characters and interiors, which are nicely detailed. Outside areas in contrast are very plain and I find the 'cutscenes', which are little more than slideshows, look pretty cheap and somewhat inconsistent. Also, everything looks very flat in general.On a technical side there are a few flaws: The game only shows keyboard button-prompts even when using a controller and even though it will run fine in 4k, the 'cutscenes' don't seem to go above 1080p. The most frustrating thing was that the game crashed a few times while transitioning areas. Other than that the game mechanics seemed to work perfectly fine.The sound design is the best thing about this game, it actually manages to create a somewhat immersive atmosphere.After all is said and done, I did enjoy playing Whispering Willows. I would grade it 5.5/10, just a bit above average and I recommend picking it up on sale if you like a short, story-driven experience without many bells and whistles."
76561198715947106,Recommended,288060,34469907,Posted: 24 August,all,garbhanmyles,"That was a fabulous wee adventure over the 5 or so hours I spent in this creepily beautiful wee world.The story of Whispering Willows, whilst simple, is also very interesting in it's mystical and spooky tones. The plot, however really shines in light excellent art  style and atmospheric sound and music. Each of these elements of the game really blend together in a solidly cohesive manner.The gameplay is fairly straight forward with each if the puzzles being quite straight forward. I say this as someone who enjoys puzzle games, yet who is no master of them at the same time.The controls too are easy to pick up so there's nothing to complain about here.I bought this during the summer sale for a very cheap price, but I would have felt happy walking away from completing this game at the asking price of £6.99.All in all I would most definitely recommend this game."
76561198317919023,Recommended,288060,32710576,Posted: 23 June,all,Malencia Vale,"It has been a long time since I have been able to complete a game and be able to sit back and say that I throughly enjoyed myself. The art and music are both uniquly amazing. I highly suggest it for anyone who enjoys puzzle games and, well, enjoy being entertained."
,Recommended,288060,25070786,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Zenius,"The story is pretty interesting and makes you want to find out more and explore the game. A lot of the art is also quite nice, especially for an Indie game. But it does have it's bad points, especially in two areas: 1. The game is more like a story book, there is almost no challenges and very little freedom to move. Even a few things, like making you need to press a button to crawl instead of doing it automatically, would have helped. Also, there should have been less ""holding your hand"" in regards to finding your way through the game. 2. The second point is that the story is lacking a lot in some places. We never hear what happens to their son Markus, nor why there is a nursery with a creepy nanny. Nor do we hear the background behind all the other ghosts, although a lot seems to have died a violent death, possibly by the hand of Wortham Willows. A follow up, or even a remake, should explore these dimensions further. As well, the main story also lacks a little bit of depth, it's pretty good and leaves you wanting more, but it just seems a bit rushed and unpolished."
,Recommended,288060,11549931,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Braydox,Great game with a good story and amazing puzzles. Very well worth the buy!!!
,Recommended,288060,30457917,Posted: 11 March,all,Mr. Hugh Mannity,"Not bad. The game has a very nice art style and the audio works really well. Really easy for the casual gamer to pick up and  just get lost in the world for a few hours. The only thing that drags it down for me was the gameplay, it was fine for the most part but it could've been better. Also the ending wasn't the greatest in my opinion but overall it was a small game that, if on sale, would definitely recommend getting."
,Recommended,288060,23749775,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Healithe,"I bought this game during the Steam sale and finished the game on the same day. Some pros and cons:Pros:+ Nice graphics for a simple game+ Nice music+ Interesting/simple gameplay+ Good for killing time or when you're bored+ Good for multitasking since you only need one hand to play the gameCons:- Linear storyline so don't expect much- The ending- Pretty hard to hit all achievements in the first run through cause you can miss it w/out realizingI would recommend the game if you're looking for something to play for fun. I just wouldn't recommend it at full price. I like the art, especially the background. Overall the game wasn't bad. I made the mistake of finishing the game too quickly b/e I didn't expect to hit the ending so soon. I'll definitely play it again for exploration and achievement hogging purposes, but it'll be awhile before that happens."
,Recommended,288060,19327666,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mollacholy,"Beautiful artwork, eerie sound effects and a compelling story make this an undeniably engrossing game. It's got a teensy bit of a single-player Maniac Mansion feel to it, with less humor and more of those creepy-uppy ""I really don't wanna open this door because eek"" moments. I also found the seemingly awkward combination of shamanic rituals and Victorian intrigue not only functional, but unique and refreshing. It was a little too short for my taste (to be fair, I could've played for another week at least and likely wanted more), but ultimately satisfying to finish.If you're a fan of abandoned mansions, people whose heads are on backwards, tragic love stories, secret codes, hidden doors, homicidal shrubbery and/or picking flowers for adorable little dead girls, I urge you to play this game as soon as possible."
,Recommended,288060,31457463,Posted: 30 April,all,Junee,"Cute little game to play when you feel like finishing something in an evening. The story is quite decent, graphics are nice while playing (the cutscenes were a bit cringey looking in my opinion but far from horrible) The music really sets the atmosphere well and keeps you involved. Sadly there is no replay value for me, I could go through it again to get the few archivements i missed but it would be nothing very surprising."
,Recommended,288060,13468629,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MsDiz,I bought this game because it was on sale and it looked interesting. I really enjoyed the game. Its a simple 2d adventure game that I beat in one sitting. It was more enjoyable than I expected which is always good. Worth a playthrough :)
,Recommended,288060,19303551,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Kill me,"Get it when it's discounted, I'm happy I did. Great game."
,Recommended,288060,19660923,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,minuteye,"The Good:- Gorgeous in game atmosphere, mostly due to the great music and art style- Intuitive gameplay, answers to puzzles make sense in the context of the world, and you're rarely left frustrated and unclear what you're trying to accomplish- Mechanics and controls are smooth and responsive for the most part (stairs are oddly difficult to navigate until you get the hang of it)The Mediocre (ymmv):- The story is okay as a framing device, but doesn't really do anything past that- The puzzles are very easy. If you're looking for a challenge, there isn't one hereThe Bad:- A couple of the puzzles are weirdly finicky. It's immediately obvious what you have to do, but for some reason the way to trigger the solution is actually arbitrarily slightly different. Think of someone telling you to draw a square who actually wants a rectangle.- While the art in-game is great, in cutscenes it's mysteriously amateurish, like a completely different artist drew the still images. Takes you out of the experience a bit- Finished it in less than three hours... and I was taking my sweet time. I get that the developers have to make a living, but there isn't enough gameplay here to justify full price (and no replay value that I can see).So altogether I would recommend it to someone who's a fan of the genre (what would that be, Indie 2D Adventure Puzzler?) and who can pick it up severely discounted. Not otherwise."
76561197989346754,Recommended,288060,20097577,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Nezchan,"The closest game I can compare to Whispering Willows is Darkest Dungeons, with which it shares some mechanics (2D maps, changing levels via doors on the back or side walls, can only run from monsters, etc.) but this is a far superior game. Certainly the puzzles aren't anything two write home about, given that the main challenge for the two that I had trouble with was finding it in the first case, and a very specific physical placement in the other.Rather, where Whispering Willows shines is in the exploration of new areas and, more importantly, the backstory of various characters, communicated via notes found in the mansion and its grounds.  These add a lot to the world, and give context for what's going on in this admittedly creepy environment.The biggest downsides to the game is the art in the cutscenes which, while not terrible, isn't particularly great either, and the fact that if you're killed by monsters, which at some points is tremendously easy to do, you can find yourself transported quite a ways back, requiring you to start again, including some interminable waits for monsters to finish their paths.On the whole, I would definitely recommend the game. Its strengths very much outweigh its weaknesses."
,Recommended,288060,20367856,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Confanity,"Not a terribly ambitious game. It's got some great art and some so-so art. It's got important things to say about human relationships and real-world history, presented in a two-dimensional way. It's got an interesting mechanic, and the most interesting thing they do with that mechanic is to force you to cope when it's suddenly turned off. It has puzzles, but let's just say it's not trying to be Myst. It's not especially long... although I disagree with the reviews that rage about the walking speed. I felt that the speed was good, and helped me to really take in the atmosphere and feel some tension and danger. There's a story here, and the game ends properly when the story has been told.I have to admit that, for the time I spent playing, I was fully absorbed in the little world that this game creates. It's not terribly ambitious... but it does a good job at what it tries to be. Overall I would recommend waiting until a sale, but if you enjoy atmospheric exploration, then Whispering Willows will likely be worth your time and money."
,Recommended,288060,21014692,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kytober,"Yeah it's okay.It wasn't particularly scary, and the puzzles weren't that hard either.There was a lot of backtracking and note collecting, which was a little annoying.The cons out of the way, the art is pleasant, the story is decent, and the atmosphere works correctly.I suggest you pick this game up on sale, as $3 is a fair price, maybe even a bit low.There was a strong sense that the developers were either students or freshly out of school, and with that mindset the quality of this game is good. Some mistakes were made, but overall there was dedication, effort, and love poured into this project, and that sense of closeness really pushes this game into something worth playing."
,Recommended,288060,21240636,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,mysoul,"Whispering Willows is a short indie game with pleasing story and art style. Unfortunately the game feels a bit too simple which may be because of the absence of diverse animations or extremely simple gameplay. However, it offers an entertaining horror story with appealing art and music so I would recommend it."
,Recommended,288060,26639869,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Sabrina.vstaay,"love this game, makes me think of a lighter version of goetia. very interesting story and i love how you can change into a ghost to get to different parts of areas. fun puzzles and can be difficult at times and the graphics and game play are smooth. definitely would recommend this game"
76561198097498711,Recommended,288060,27521678,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scarab,"I completed this game in four hours and found it a lot of fun... when it wasn't heartbreaking.I wanted to play this for Halloween, but ended up both having neither the time nor the courage to do so. Turns out, it wasn't as fraction as scary as I had anticipated - it was more spooky and sweet than anything and I was absolutely down for the tale of a plucky thirteen year old saving her father from undead spirits!I'm an absolute wimp, is what I'm saying.Anyway here is your list of pros and cons.PROSIt looks great; the cut-scenes are weaker, but they serve their purpose and the design of the game is elegant. it reminds me of the old haunted house cardboard cutout books you would get as a child in the 90's (anybody else remember those...? No? Just me? Damn, guess I'm old.) Anyway the designs are great.Surprisingly compelling storytelling. There are some genuinely heartstrings-tugging moments, and the whole thing is rooted in believable characters, and a painfully true history of America.Endearing protagonist -whom, if you pause for long enough to activate her idle animation, is obviously TERRIFIED but keeps going anyway- of Native American descent (if you don't think that counts as a positive then fine, you do you, but please tell me the last time you played a game with a genuine and non-stereotyped or parodied Native American protagonist. No seriously, do, I'd like to play it.)Fun gameplay, very responsive handling, both keyboard and controller. Slightly better with the keyboard.Good sound design, an essential for any spooky game.CONSCut scene animation/visuals are less elegant and well done than the final artwork present in the actual game, but I presume this was because they poured their effort into making sure the game was playable and looked very good THERE. but some improvement of the cut-scene art wouldn't go amiss.Puzzles could be a bit finicky and glitchy (I spent far longer than was necessary on those suits of armour).slightly unclear instructions - since the game works on both keyboard and controller, it occasionally advised me what to do if I were using a controller, even though I was using keyboard. There are also no adjustable controller options.I would definitely reccomend Whispering Willows."
,Recommended,288060,28224200,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Lyzzie,"This game is amazing, the story is very good. One of a few games that made me read every diary entrance, every note, every text that came up. Great game!08/10"
,Recommended,288060,28981497,Posted: 3 January,all,Pain Elemental,"Good game, nice story.. a bit creepy. Not too difficult. Took me 3 hours to finish."
76561198079686021,Recommended,288060,20131404,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sunfreckle,"This is a sweet little game. Pretty artwork, nice music and a clever ghost mechanic. I liked it a lot.It is simple thought: simple writing, simple puzzles, simple story. So don't buy this if you want a challenge.I think it makes for a very nice relaxing evening of gameplay :)"
,Recommended,288060,20331523,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Axiliunn,"Very enjoyable game! Fun puzzles, the character designs/art are pretty, and I love the spirit!Elena function. Not a very long game (I finished my 1st play-through in about 3 hours) but it's length doesn't diminish the fun I had playing in that time.It's also something to note that this is not a rage-quit kind of puzzle game, it's more the sort that you can relax and just have fun with. As long as you pay attention, the puzzles aren't overly difficult to figure out. Some may find the lack of super difficult puzzles a detraction from the game, but honestly I liked the chance to just relax with this one a bit - it made for a very enjoyable play-through.I hope that they make a continuation of this game utilizing Elena's abilities more in another scenario!"
76561198066493321,Recommended,288060,20711968,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Little Miss Quick,Charming game with a nice art style.Quite easy to play but I don't think that hinders it in any way.
76561197992098037,Recommended,288060,21206579,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,grauekatze,"Pros:Nice background graphicsGood musicUnusual settingDrawbacks:Mediocre animation and cutscenesEasy puzzlesLiterally no replay valueShort ~2h.But all in all I enjoyed it. Cute, unusual."
76561198262406695,Recommended,288060,21255937,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Asexual Individual,"This is a nice game that's pretty straight forward in its gameplay, doesn't have much backtracking and nice to play."
76561197970845706,Recommended,288060,21509403,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Stooart,"Bought this game this morning and have played through it twice! This kind of game just really appeals to me and it has an old school adventure element to it that is quite charming and compelling. I thought the changing into a spirit and accessing areas that your human form can't reach was a nice touch and adds another element to the gameplay. The puzzles aren't overly taxing but are fun to solve and move the story along nicely. The bold graphics and spooky sounds gel together to make an eerie atmosphere but all with a slight cartoony tilt. All in all, if you like this sort of game, you could do a lot worse than pick this up and if you get stuck you can always check out my walkthrough! :)"
76561198071359032,Recommended,288060,21956639,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Kaseteufel,"This is a cute short fun game. I wouldn't say it's scary but it has horror elemants (ghosts, occult creatures, monsters, etc...). The story was really ingaging. The only thing that is a con would be the ending, I felt like it was not well thoughtout and rushed, but it didn't take away from the fun of this game and I really hope the makers of this game make more games like this."
76561198080704090,Recommended,288060,24097151,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tildy,"Yay, my favorite genre! (runny climby haunted house ghosty genre, to be precise), and with a female main character, no less! No romantic subplot, ghosts literally everywhere, and lots of exploration. Nice!Just one or two complaints. Without spoiling too much the redemption of the villain was *farting noise.* He is established to be a piece of garbage and the fact that he calmly and peacefully leaves when another, less♥♥♥♥♥♥character is said to be going to hell makes me want to punch something.Also, it can be very difficult to tell what's going to hurt you and what's not, especially since you can't move while using the powers necessary to see the enemies."
76561198017736253,Recommended,288060,24201450,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Knight Murphy,"Fun game, very atmospheric. The puzzles are not particularly challanging, and require a lot of backtracking.There are a lot of 'notes' and messages you collect throughout the game, can't say they add a lot to the experience. Even so, the atmosphere of the game is tense and frightning. The music is a bit weak. The game is a tad short (3.9 hours for me, and this includes a lot of backtracknig 'dead' time) so I don't recommend buying it for full price but only when there's a sale."
,Recommended,288060,29213504,Posted: 12 January,all,Miss Spider Von Bun Bun,"Two to four hours of gameplay would be my estimate, depending on how fast or slow you take the game. For example if you skim through the various notes and diary entries you are likely to have a lesser experience. What is written in these pages are key to the story. There are a few tidbits from specific spectres that are vaguely important but most of them are not. For example there was a certain hidden creature behind vines that... I was disappointed to find actually brought absolutely nothing to the story. Since at the time I was searching for what the game wanted me to do.There were several times I found myself lost on what to do as I failed to look in the spiritual mode in every single area. Since I had always believed that the glowing of the pendant or the little sparkles were meant to be indicators for the moments you needed to do this. At least one item is not indicated in this manner, if not more. As far as the few enemies that were included in various areas, I found myself irritated by the fact that occassionally they would spawn directly at entrances I had only barely gone through. Giving me not so much as a chance to run before I was caught unawares, and when you are in somewhere that you are trying to keep track of your coordinates... it's hard to do so when you find yourself more concerned over whether or not something random might spawn right on top of you. Even with the ability to respawn in relatively the same area. Then there was a small detail I found quite laughable... of there being windows far beneath where I imagine the surface of the mansion being, that allow in light.Overall there was only one puzzle that was truly challenging enough that I almost looked up to see if there was a walkthrough. Apparently the mechanism was simply a lot more finicky than I thought it would be, making me second guess what I thought was the solution on multiple occassions before it finally decided to work.Despite all of this, it was a story that had me tearing up on multiple occassions. It was not what I feel would have been an entirely original story line but the ability to talk to spirits and manipulate my surroundings made up for that. It left me constantly hoping there would in fact be more, but knowing by the count of notes that it would soon be brought to an end. The music and art truly are an enchanting combination. Although the animation of cutscenes could use a bit of work, they still do a fair job of depicting enough to get the story across. If they ever decided to make a sequel or additional content of some kind though..? I'd probably invest in it."
,Recommended,288060,29402844,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Whispering Willows is a 2D point-and-click adventure with fantastic graphics and a solid plot. It doesn't have puzzles so much as the ability to interact with the environment to keep moving the story forward. At only 3 hours to clear, it is also somewhat short. Even so, this game has a lot of charm, and clearly took a lot of effort and love to craft."
76561198049764359,Recommended,288060,34982906,Posted: 15 September,all,Xikelle,"In the end I feel pretty positive about my experience. Though you shouldn't have too high expectations.I would not regard this strongly as a horror game. Given how much of the game involves talking to ghosts (many of whom are disfigured), it unsurprisingly is a little dark with (no shortage of) murder in its story. A couple of monsters have an element of jump-scare factor when they attack for the first time, but it wears off into irritation. Initially the atmosphere made me uneasy, but after a while I relaxed as it became apparent there wasn't much concern of nasty surprises. Some of the time as she examines some of the items in the mansion Elena seems to be enjoying herself. More adorable than scary at times really.So it's not trying very hard to scare the player, which can be good or bad depending how you feel about the jumpscare-fests some games that do try are.Regarding the issues I've found most noticeable, at least once the game has become unresponsive and the menu screen consistently has been slow to appear. How much of this is down to my own computer's limitations is unknown.I'm not sure why, but one puzzle involves setting a clock to a particular time. For a while I struggled with only getting it half a milimetre away from 'on the dot', only to seemingly accidentally have 'four minutes to' be accepted by the game as the solution (as opposed to what was very clearly said by the hint-giver). I've seen a video where someone managed to get it on the dot, so it's not a consistent issue.It's pretty short (a handful of hours), which I think is for the better. Most of the game roughly follows a fairly simple pattern of exploring and backtracking to find objects or what they're needed for. So the shortness partly helps in that it means there aren't too many places to check if you've forgotten what needs a particular item. Then something tries to kill you once an area is complete. There are puzzles in the game, but they aren't designed to be all that difficult. I only missed one of the notes that tell the story, but from looking at the achievements there were optional hidden things I missed.There are details I found likeable, such as the moment of blurring as you 'switch forms'. There is also a painting which markedly differs in appearance depending which form you're in (it's in the guest house). Although I found the gameplay irritating during the final chapter (there are four in total), the chapter was a pleasant surprise in a number of ways to me, which helped in the positivity of my final impression.The soundtrack was okay and the art style quite nice, but overall I feel like the focus was on story and gameplay. I enjoyed picking up notes and reading about the experiences of the characters. Although it's not immensely intriguing, this together with the snippets from some of the random ghosts and examining objects give the world flavour and (un/)life. The idea of helping spirits of the dead find peace is something that appeals to me, so that's one aspect of the story I like. The explanation for the origins of the monsters and the malice infecting the place is also a decently interesting one.It's more the puzzles that give the gameplay variation. Although I found it a touch tedious at times, the methods of progress overall aren't complicated. A highlight is the mechanic of possessing objects to move them (like a vase or a table), which I find a fun idea.So.-Not much in the way of horror-Decent gameplay but would become repetitive if the game were much longer-Expect backtracking-Puzzles aren't very complicated-Story isn't stunning but isn't bland-Some nice ideasLinguist nitpick: does this look like morning to you? XPAdmittedly, several ghosts don't seem to be aware of their circumstances."
,Recommended,288060,19391113,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DJSonikbuster,"I tested out Whispering Willows at an indie gaming showcase and was very impressed with the concept. Now more than a year later I finally got my hands on the game (and soundtrack). The worldset is interesting and while you're lost and confused at first the plot unfolds a little bit at a time. It's very well done. I am not a horror game person.... I hyperventilated while watching someone else force someone else to play a jump scare game...However, this game is perfectly executed it's not just horror for the sake of scaring you to death. The creators have imagined something that is atmospherically creepy with unique gameplay and a satisfying plot and ending. Don't skip this one."
,Recommended,288060,19751740,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Marshall 159,"Fun indie game, easy to get 100% of the achievements."
,Recommended,288060,21210040,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Nalykusei,"Nice indie game - 9+/10P.S.  Playing 10 hours, begins to tighten the spiritual world :D"
76561197995811321,Recommended,288060,26238654,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[AUT] Orkfæller,Endearing little adventure game with beautiful art- but a bit of a rough / sudden ending.
,Recommended,288060,29124794,Posted: 8 January,all,Siirenias,"I really enjoyed this game!  The atmosphere, the music, the sound effects, the art style and play style...very stimulating in a dreary, mysterious way.  I hope to see more from this developer."
,Recommended,288060,34767887,Posted: 5 September,all,hoserama99,"Let's get this out of the way: this is clearly an indie title so it doesn't have AAA production values. That said, it's a very nicely done adventure game.One thing I love is that the plot seem rich and well done, with the gameplay written to fit it rather than some wonky game concept with a plot thinly stretched over it. I was quite pleasantly surprised how well the plot was tied together. Granted, you play as a teenage girl so there is some awkwardness there in diary entries that felt a bit clunky to this middle-aged man, but I'm pretty sure I'm not the target audience.The game itself is a side-scrolling adventure with *very* slight horror elements - and I felt they were well done.On the downside, I play with a controller and this isn't the most controller-friendly game. Problem 1: it is absolutely impossible to change the game resolution with a controller. You can bring up a menu to choose the resolution, but once you do, you're stuck. If you're streaming the game to your TV (as I am), it means a trip into the other room to un-stick yourself.Similarly, you can only navigate up and down in the menus with the dpad on your controller - the sticks will not cut it.Finally, all the in-game prompts show up as keystrokes, not buttons, so I had to experiment a bit with pressing buttons to figure out that ""[E]"" to bring up my inventory was the yellow Y on my Xbox 360 controller.That said, the controller issues were not game-breaking by any stretch, once I sorted out the game resolution business.The game is not terribly long - maybe 3 or so hours. There's not much replayability either, but that's to be expected.The only other complaint I have is the cutscene artwork. This is where the game really looks its budget. The in-game graphics seem well-done and I love the presentation of the mansion, but the cutscene artwork is not up to the same level, and it's disappointing given that the rest of the game is solid.All told, this is a good game with a few drawbacks. I'd rate it a solid 3 out of 5 if you set your indie expectations accordingly."
,Recommended,288060,24065090,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Nebee,"This game was truly an experience. The story was unique, and the art was just amazing. It is a bit of a puzzle game, which isn't one of my fave genres, but I really enjoyed playing this"
,Recommended,288060,24268428,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nemesis,"I have mixed feelings about this game. I saw it during the summer sale, and decided to take a gamble. I'm not sure it totally paid off.The art is great! During the gameplay, anyway. The cutscene art is not so good. And the animation is really hit and miss. Sometimes it feels like some frames of animation are missing. The music is atmospheric, and sets the mood. The story in the notes is intriguing, but the main story of Elena finding her dad is really basic and forgettable. And the ending could have been interesting, but it didn't really work.The puzzles are also really easy. I only got stuck on one because I thought it was more complicated than it really was. And unfortunately, the movement speed is too slow. Add frequent backtracking, and it can get frustrating. Enemies were a minor nuisance at best. And they were disappointing, with only bugs and some demon hedge things.I also had a few minor control issues. I played on an Xbox One gamepad, and it didn't always play nice. Down on the thumbstick didn't work on the menus, but other directions did. And down worked fine for ladders and such. Also, kind of frustrating that you have to stop moving the stick to open a door. There were also a few UI issues, namely with text going off screen or being obscured by other text. And the game gave me gamepad movement prompts and keyboard interaction prompts.The bit in the crypt at the beginning was probably the best part of the whole game. You know, after you open the coffin and then that thing starts chasing you? It gave me really high hopes for the rest. But it doesn't fully embrace the horror atmosphere for the rest of the game. The ghosts are harmless, and again, very few (and kind of lame) enemies. And well, it's really short. I'm seeing most people say 3-4 hours, and I got through it in just over 2.Still, I think this is a good way to burn through an afternoon. $10 might be a bit much, but I've paid more to see a movie. And I got it on sale, so that helps. I think that, overall, it's worth checking out if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,288060,23840386,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,aagstn,First played this on the Ouya. That garbage hardware died and I was never able to play it again until now on Steam. Excellent puzzle platformer with some very creepy moments. Glad this was able to move off the Ouya onto the PC.
,Recommended,288060,33722278,Posted: 22 July,all,zehroh,"That was a fun little jaunt. Quite a short game but if you enjoy a simple romp through a ghostly adventure, it's got its heart in the right place.There are a few missable achievements so look for guides if you're worried about missing them."
76561198023470571,Recommended,288060,25045123,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Vishap,Fun game! You can easily 100% Achievements in under 2 hours if you use a guide. No replay value though...
76561198052329862,Recommended,288060,12735236,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,kiramira99,"Good game, not really horror but I did enjoy it. The puzzles is for the most part easy and the story is good. The game is beautiful to look at too.If you like mystery and adventure games you will probably like this one."
,Recommended,288060,12844071,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Nemi,"Nice little puzzle adventure, though the backtracking is rather annoying."
,Recommended,288060,23413531,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Lyrian,This is one of my favourite adventure games aside from one very key part about the end.
,Recommended,288060,12907972,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Lady$wan,playing the game and reading the diarythis kind of game its really nice to playlove it!
76561197970980626,Recommended,288060,11269313,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Shadow,
,Recommended,288060,14678370,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,VGRider,"Even thought it's rather short, Whispering Willows makes sure to get you right into the feel of the game! A must have for those who love platformer games!"
76561198006849221,Recommended,288060,32752860,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,This needs to be a Peter Jackson movie.
,Recommended,288060,14420677,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,"Whispering willows was an interesting Adventure game. It is played in a platformer style and was engaging for the most part. A short and sweet kind of game, however the story was not investing enough. I would recommend it to any adventure game fanatic but if you are looking for high quality, you won't find it here. Good game."
76561198117221406,Not Recommended,288060,26188993,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Blinkocracy,"Whispering Willows is a mystery game, a 2D walking simulator. You play as Elena, a Native American girl who is searching for her vanished father in an enormous abandoned estate. Elena has no means of defending herself, her only unique ability being that she can use her father's amulet to astral project a spirit version of herself to talk to ghosts and solve puzzles.Let's be concise here: the gameplay here is horrible. Absolute trash. Elena moves sloooowly but the game requires a lot of backtracking, a lot of ""walk from Room 1 to Room 5, pull a lever, walk back to Room 1"". She can only run in the outdoor hub area for absolutely no reason- what, is she afraid to scuff up the floor of a 200 year old catacomb?The puzzles themselves range from primitive (find a locked door, send your ghost self through a peep hole, pull a lever, walk through the now-unlocked door.) to irritating (the garden section, which has many dead ends that all look exactly the same down to identical statues, comes to mind.)There are ""enemies"" to dodge, mainly scorpions and tree monsters. If they come close to Elena, she dies and you get sent back to a checkpoint. The death animation is simply Elena falling to her knees and closing her eyes, and the monsters themselves lack any menace. They were just annoying to try to dodge.But bad gameplay can be redeemed through good atmosphere and storytelling. The atmosphere is pretty good, I'll admit. The music is generic but creepy and fitting, I liked a lot of the audio, the lighting was excellent. It's not the most immersive game in the world but the atmosphere is assuredly the high point.MODERATE SPOILERS FROM THIS POINT ONI can't say the same for the writing, which is only slightly better than the gameplay. Elena is as flat and dull as a manhole cover. There are no interesting or likable NPC's. The only characters to get any personality are through the notes scattered throughout the maps. They tell the story of a group of sadistic and evil white men who came, slaughtered the peaceful and utopian natives (great attention is given to them murdering the children) and placing a curse on the land for decades to come. All the natives are one dimensional and shallow, pure beings of light and forgiveness. The game has lofty ideals of making Wortham, the owner of the estate, some sort of nuanced and tragic villain. Instead he just comes off as a Snidely Whiplash type figure, murdering his friends and consorting with dark magics. The game's story is a bundle of boring cliches, which is too bad because with such an open-ended set-up they could tell any story they want.The feeling I have from Whispering Willows is ""disappointment"". An atmospheric mystery game with a female protagonist exploring a haunted mansion? Sign me the ♥♥♥♥ up. But the game delivers on almost none of the promises of its setting. That's too bad."
,Recommended,288060,13030845,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,freidrichi,"Whispering Willows is a pretty bland game. You are quite railroaded while playing and overall there isn't much gameplay, it's mostly walking and following breadcrumbs.  I enjoyed the game as I really like the look and feel of it, but if it were any longer I probably wouldn't have recommended it."
,Recommended,288060,13825244,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mikylovejoy,"This game has absolutely beautiful artwork, a compelling story, and a haunting soundtrack. Strongly recommended for any fans of puzzles, ghost stories, and gorgeous art styles. 4/5"
,Recommended,288060,14630056,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,BabyArmy,"Overall, it's a fun game. The story is interesting and you really do feel compassion for the characters but there are some elements of the plot that felt rushed and left a lot of unanswered questions. This is especially true near the end, where a lot of new developments were kind of just thrown out there without getting any proper explanation. Not even a casual ""Oh yeah and this is what happened here"". Just... nothing. This left the story feeling a bit unfinished, though the depth earlier in the game makes up for this well enough.The audio in this game is great and definitely helps to give off a creepy vibe that keeps you, at the very least, unnerved. The music, especially, is lovely and fits perfectly with the genre of horror. It's not a terribly scary game when you get down to it, but I'm not really a big fan of super scary games. For me, it had just the right amount of creepy to make me jump and get my heart pounding without actually freaking me out so much that I never open the game again (which has happened a lot in the past).My only concern with the game is the bugginess of the movement. If you go in one direction for too long the game will get stuck on it and keep you moving even after you've stopped pushing the arrow key. Definitely annoying (and quite terrifying) when you need to turn and run from a monster, but Elena keeps strolling straight for it. The stairs, though not necessarily buggy, could be difficult to ascend when placed right on top of one another, as it was hard to line Elena up in the exact same spot. Neither of these ruin the experience, though, and the game remains an enjoyable one to play. I'd definitely recommend buying it!"
76561198001328072,Recommended,288060,19367711,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Raimanojaku,"To sum it up, Whispering Willows is a well-made, story-rich adventure featuring interesting game mechanics for an affordable price.It only took me 4 hours to complete the game (I wasn't going for achievements) but in these 4 hours I couldn't get my eyes nor my thoughts away from it. If you're willing to read through all the notes and diary entries scattered around the game environment you will be rewarded with a deep and interesting story that unwinds as you progress.A feature that I really liked a lot is the 'spirit mode', which can be used for e.g. to possess and move certain objects, reach certain areas and talk to the ghosts of the deceased.Despite its dark ambiance and at times gloomy athmosphere I wouldn't slap the 'Horror' label on the game, though.It's too much about love and 'mistakes made in life' for that.Nevertheless, I absolutely enjoyed the game and would definitely buy it again :)"
,Recommended,288060,31648494,Posted: 9 May,all,Mirinae-,"Cute art, good music, quite interesting story~I would recommend you to buy this on sale :)"
76561198032604714,Recommended,288060,12912706,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,TheGingerbear,A fun game but rather short and the puzzles are pretty simple. I would recommend picking it up when it is on sale.
76561198106160654,Recommended,288060,15038264,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Evan,"This was a very pretty game, with amazing cutscenes and artwork. In fact, if it was my first time playing this game, the best advice I could be given is to set aside 2-3 hours of nighttime and set to it. The game does an excelent job at creating the perfect atmosphere for what it intends. I think the easiest way to describe the atmosphere is with the word 'eerie', with well timed music and the creaking and cracking of old buildings, the whispers that you think you hear at night all provide an excellent setting. The game is fairly straght forward with the only choice I found myself having to make was which room to explore first.In my opinion there are a few down sides, first for a game that took me 1.5-2 hours to complete the price is rather steep seeing as there isn't much replayability(having completed it on the first playthrough). Secondly for those who watched the trailers, or have played the game, the black ghosts don't have much of a role in the game. Don't get me wrong, when the black ghosts come its fairly heart racing, but I was just expecting them to appear more often and for my character to have to hide from them in some hole or cupboard(though there seem to be plenty of games with that included already, so maybe less of a downside).All in all it's a really good game, 2-3 hours worth of play time. Again, since there isn't much replayability I would suggest waiting for the game to go on sale, or for the price to drop a tad."
,Not Recommended,288060,19511396,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,lanchardan,"Games on 16-bit Sega Mega Drive was totally technologically better, than this piece of sh... on Unity 3d. I'm sad, I bought it."
76561198053411483,Recommended,288060,16409564,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,nineite,"I haven't seen anything else like this and that's a shame. You don't do any fighting here, but the puzzles aren't too bad and the atmosphere is wonderful. You'll meet so many characters, this is a well woven story.It isn't terribly long, I went through it in an evening, but it could be broken down over the course of a few days. I'd highly suggest this to anyone looking for something a little different, and atmosphereic."
,Recommended,288060,23794228,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,🇦🇺🇷🇴🇩🇪🇺🇸,A real ghost does not simply pass through walls.
76561198037077800,Recommended,288060,31520274,Posted: 3 May,all,dystopicfilms,"Much like it's 3D equivalent, 'Murdered: Soul Suspect', 'Whispering Willows' takes concepts of the paranormal investigation sub-genre and explores their effectiveness in the medium of narrative adventure gaming.Arguably, 'Whispering Willows' succeeds better in this gamble because it displays far fewer plot holes. In particular, dabbling in the idea of astral projection gives the game a brevity all it's own. Similar to the possession abilities afforded to players in the 'Oddworld' series, Elena's astral projection abilities add extra depth to both the exploration and puzzle aspects of the game, while cementing it into the game's central plot by providing a host of spectral NPC's who keep the plot driving forward with a sandbox/RPG style 'quid-pro-quo' mission system.The artistic style is amazingly detailed for a 2D game. The High Resolution graphics seem so smooth that they could easily pass for cell animation and make everything look sublime without that usual detraction between painted back ground and animated characters.The only real issue comes from the fact that it isn't really that scary, which is a minor complaint even though fear IS supposed to be an integral part of the Horror genre. Similar non-violent exploration based third-person Horror games like 'SH: Shattered Memories' or 'Murdered: Soul Suspect' may be found wanting in comparison to 'Whispering Willows' on a number of areas but at least players could guarantee players that they would be periodically treated to the odd chase sequence or stealth trial. 'Whispering Willows' would have definitely benefitted from these elements and as such it is hoped that these elements could appear in a possible sequel. The game could also have benefitted from being longer but being a story-driven experience one can only expect so much in that regard.All in all, 'Whispering Willows' is definitely worth playing and definitely worth downloading if you are a casual to moderate players, though hardcore gamers will likely be unfulfilled."
,Not Recommended,288060,13041688,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,jellylu,"A linear, narrative-focused side-scroller without much of a story to tell. You'll really want to like it but end up disappointed"
,Recommended,288060,13581820,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,thesoundboy,"HIDDEN GEM!This game is so great. If you love adventure games this one is just hitting a sweet spot. Not too complex but engaging, with a beautiful art style and simple controls on keyboard or gamepad.I bought it on a whim and fell in love."
,Recommended,288060,13637452,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nutsu,I must say that I enjoy in the story which makes me want to know what happened in the past.Also the atmosphere in this game is awesome and the puzzles are not difficult too much.Only 1 disappointment is the evil spirit.It is very easy to avoid them before they reaching you.
76561198068919027,Recommended,288060,14107779,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,dana13424,"There really isn't a lot to say about this one. The game is good, not great. The horror elements are tonded down quite a bit, so it isn't scary for the most part. The atmosphere is solid, the music is good, and the story and presentation are interesting.The game is short, took me under 3 hours, but its worth 5 to 10 dollars (probably not full price). It was enjoyable and never overstayed its welcome. If you like adventure games despite the flaws of every adventure game ever, then you might find something to like here."
,Recommended,288060,26981381,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ν ι и о,Coolest adventure game ever!
,Recommended,288060,11443938,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,SakuraBlssms,Pretty stright forward game. I like the general concept though I thought the end was pretty meh.
,Recommended,288060,12747240,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DizzieDawgie,Short but good.
76561198144744538,Not Recommended,288060,12751017,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,philipschwarz,"The basic idea is good, graphics are nice and so is the atmosphere. But for a game, that is supposed to feature puzzle, the gameplay is way too linear. The only non-linear parts are, when you find an item, that you need somewhere you've already been. Also replay-value is little. This could be a good game, but apparently the developers did not take the opportunity. Too bad."
76561198030165124,Recommended,288060,23745027,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,arch3r3,Very enjoyable!
76561198064773749,Not Recommended,288060,26226654,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ravich,"There really isnt any way around this game's glaring mediocrity. Enjoyable moments shine through here and there, but in the end, you're left with clumsy, uninspired gameplay mechanics sitting on top of a story that I can only describe as ""bad""The writing seems to treat native american culture as some sort of catch-all combination of shamans speaking with ghosts and eldritch warlocks summoning demons. At its best, some of the character arcs are revealed to the player in an interesting capacity, before devolving into a juvenile mess of nonsensical resolution.Unfortunately, I cant recommend this game."
76561198188039326,Recommended,288060,25307413,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,gamesandartforlife,"It was worth the money by a longshot. The style and story is really good, I loved every moment playing this game as it really was interesting finding out everything."
,Recommended,288060,25330886,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,The Pashley Prospect,"A good little indie game, blending Ghost Trick for the DS and maze-like exploration. Quite short (2 - 3 hours) but decent puzzles and simple achievements. The flavour text for examining stuff was good, whilst the story writing was alright. Would love to see a sequel with a longer story.Definitely worth a buy on sale."
,Recommended,288060,25399116,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,GreenTea,"Whispering Willows is a short game with a very unique and beautiful art style with a cute story.The gameplay is minimal and the story as intresting and cute as the concept is, I think is let down by how boring in parts and short it is.My verdict is the story and art style are the only things that made this game good.About an hour in I lost intrested but I played it until the end and I liked it, I didn't love it but it's definitely not a bad game. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,288060,29105160,Posted: 7 January,all,Please kill me,"Being a Steam review, let's make it short:The game is ok. It tries to get it's story across through some cutscenes, the environments, additional lines you get by interacting with certain things and notes you find scattered through the game's screens. However, none of it is really memorable, nothing is memorable. If anything, only the main character is.The game has some tense moments, but that all really goes away quickly and has less effect when you notice that death doesn't matter.It really is a game that is made solely to get a story across. If you like that kind of game it may be worth for you, if not, then you better just look for something else.(also for a game that you need to walk around a lot you really do walk ♥♥♥♥ing slowly, even if you can sprint outdoors)"
76561198056205823,Recommended,288060,15605456,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,origin_alpha,Our full series for Whispering Willows!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9_tvsmxuG8&list=PLvK-OfJKjIw5IXfL36GmW_acJwUG_X61b
76561198050604172,Not Recommended,288060,19322276,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,I Pass Butter,"In good stories you show the consumer, you don't have to tell them. This game missed that idea entirely. The random bits of humor were forced and uncomfortable, the story was delivered through long notes and not really as a part of the game play. I know that kind of story can be told well through games like Gone Home, but this one just didn't work. The gameplay mechanics were very one dimensional, just follow the glowing spots to keep the story moving."
76561198107882088,Recommended,288060,22525394,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Chewie,"....I don’t know what to say sorry, my breath has been taken away. (Joke, get it, spirits......ghosts. Oh forget it.)Joke aside this game is fabulous, it really is a dime!! Indie games do really put out all the stops when it comes to making games no matter how small or simple they may be.The controls of this game are perfect, just like cream on a lovely Victoria sponge cake. The story truly is the core of this game don’t, expect action and fps here. I would agree with the puzzle part in this game, the horror…not so much, I can’t really play horror as I’m usually a scared ♥♥♥♥ but this one isn’t very scary. The atmosphere is glim and dark with the expected night time all game long. There is friendly ghosts and the freaky monsters that come to get you, with nothing to fight back with btw.So yeah this game is pretty good!! I would recommend it to everyone actually as the story is interesting enough to keep you playing till you finish the whole game.Its a real shame i wish more people knew about this game and more played and enjoyed the experiace. Strongly recommended 9/10."
,Not Recommended,288060,24136179,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,moezero,"1、虽然本作自带中文，但糟糕的字体和几近机翻的翻译还是让人感觉缺乏诚意。2、游戏的美工比较地粗糙，PV很好地回避了这些缺点3、我玩游戏切换时经常会崩溃，这导致了我退款。4、他们至少同意了我的退款，所以我会给个好评。1、We'd like to suppourt games included offical chinese language,but the fonts and translation suck.2、A little poor art design,which will not realized in PV on the shop page.3、fatal error happened too ofter so I  give up to play this game.4、At least they return my money,so I think I must like this game:)"
,Not Recommended,288060,24066891,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,yami_san,"I'm sorry to say this, but in my optnion the game is not very good, I'd even say bad. I expected something like Oxenfree and received something like a flash game. I'm surpized to see so many positive reviews.+Great ingame graphics+Music is... fitting, I suppose?-I feel NOTHING for these characters. Maybe some backstory or voice acting would help? I don't even know.-Whole thing feels like one fetch quest. Puzzles are primitive.-Cutscene drawings are just plain bad.-Not being able to run indoors is... well, boring.-Enemies are rather annoying, not challenging.*Adding 10 game references to obvious places does not automatically make your game good.*The game is short. In 2 hours I've done everything. But the price is good (?). I guess it balances out."
,Not Recommended,288060,26713001,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,sammywhatammy,I seem to be out of sorts with many in that I don't care for this game very much. I was bored thru much of it.
,Recommended,288060,13855829,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SkySatan,"The plot is quite interesting, and the graphic is lovely, but the gameplay is way too slow. Still, if you are looking for a simple and short experience, Whispering Willows can be a decent suggestion."
,Not Recommended,288060,31600260,Posted: 7 May,all,pixelat3d,"For a game about ghosts, I find it ironic that it has no soul.  Dull, repetitive puzzles, somewhat-awkward movemnt controls, and a mediocre storyline."
,Recommended,288060,32844514,Posted: 26 June,all,Tater Tot,I'm tired. I don't feel like writing a proper review. Just buy it already. Stop looking at reviews. It's great.
76561198060906019,Recommended,288060,32322784,Posted: 10 June,all,pixi3,"Do you have to have a joystick for this game ,?cannot flip the levers."
76561198021437141,Not Recommended,288060,30038877,Posted: 19 February,all,Kozel,"Stutters and freezez on a great PC, inconsistent controls, laggy as hell. Crashes on options changes.  Disgusting game."
,Recommended,288060,35517230,Posted: 6 October,all,FLUFFYHAAGENDAZS,"For a game to actually give you the chills, I'd say it outdone itself. Every aspect of this game is well-thought and the visuals are absolutely stunning."
