user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,288120,18359993,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Silva,"For a while now I've considered myself a fan of the rogue-like/rogue-lite genres. I've played more than a dozen of both the free and paid varieties over the years and I'm sure that number will only grow. Despite the breadth of the rogue-like/rogue-lite genres and the sheer variety of games and game mechanics contained in those terms, Dungeonmans is among my favorites. But to understand why I love this game, you first have to understand what it is not.Dungeonmans is not a story-based experience in the slightest. If that's what you want, look elsewhere.Dungeonmans is not the sort of rogue-like where starvation is a constant threat--there is no hunger mechanic whatsoever.Dungeonmans is not a rogue-lite. You will not find the twin stick shooter chaos of Binding of Isaac. You will not find the platforming of Spelunky. You will not find the music-based gameplay of Crypt of the Necrodancer. You will not find the castlevania stylings of Rogue Legacy. All of those games are good, but they are not what you will find in Dungeonmans.What you WILL find in Dungeonmans:A skill system that rewards patience and emphasizes maneuvering above all else.Several classes, from the conventional warrior/mage/archer archetypes to the less common like polearm specialists who can create area of effect zones to bolster their power/debuff their enemies and berserkers with a penchant for dressing with class and drinking tea.The ability to ignore the preset classes and tinker with hybrid builds as you see fit. Wizard/necromancer? Done. Archer with plate armor? Fair enough. Some dude who picks and chooses from several classes at once and potentially sucks at all of them? Rather likely in the short term while you figure things out.Dungeons to delve and monsters to slay, from slimes and evil wizards to pseudo-British bomb throwing anarchists.A system of progression that allows you to build off the successes of previous characters through things like auto-identified potions and scrolls, better starting gear, or more stats to go around. Or, if you feel like it, none of that at all.An overworld map teeming with dungeons to explore, towns to sell excess loot, and occasional bandit camps.The roguelike staple of potentially cursed gear.Hidden shops staffed entirely by talking bees.It's not a perfect game, as no such game exists. The progression system inevitably bothers rogue-like purists, even though it can be almost entirely ignored or opted-out of. The game's sense of humor can and does rub some people the wrong way. The flexibility of the skill system can leave some players lost, or others annoyed that it isn't as complicated as say, Tales of Maj Eyal. Yet looked at strictly on its own merits, Dungeonmans is what many rogue-likes strive to be: a rewarding adventure where the risk of death comes primarily from player carelessness, where mechanics are simple enough to learn but deep enough to experiment with, and there are always more foes lying in wait to slay. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,288120,13301893,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,raixel,"Underneath the silly, this is actually a pretty fun & well put together Roguelike (a REAL roguelike - not those games with permadeath and level generators that call themselves ""roguelikes""), with enough unique features to keep it interesting. Its more than just running dungeons, you have your ""Dungeonmans Academy"" you need to bring things too to make it better, an overworld to explore, ect. Theres lots to do, many character class & traits choices. I havent played too much yet, but this looks like a Roguelike I'll have fun with.The silly, however, is overpowering. Sometimes its amusing, but IMHO it beats you over the head a little too much. It may be funny if you're a teenage guy, I'm a 30-something chick, so I can't judge there. Still, theres lots of clever Roguelike humor for long-term rogue players.It is out of E. A. but still seems a bit incomplete (the ""help"" button in options does nothing that I could see), there are gender options such as ""beast"" and ""who cares"" but the only images are of stereotypical fantasy males and females. Come on, if youre going to be silly, give us some funny icons to work with those genders!The graphics are pixel tiles. They are colorful and cartoony and fit well with the style of the game. My one (minor) complaint is getting new weapons and armor does nothing to your tile. Like if you have the barbarian shirtless guy with the sword, he remains the shirtless guy with the sword even if youre wearing platemail and carrying an axe. Its kind of nitpicky, but Roguelikes have progressed from the days of ""@"", or even the tile systems of *Angband. I love games like Tales of Maj'Eyal, or Rogue's Tale where your tile changes depending on what you have equipped. It would be an asset here.Overall though, this game is defintely worth taking a look at for Rogue fans. It has a lot of content and is something a little different."
,Not Recommended,288120,13482220,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SokerCap,"A fun, light roguelike that provides a bit of enjoyment. The only reason I do not recommend it is because there is not $15 worth of content or depth and gets repetitive very quicklyIf it was early access and cheaper I would have bought it looking forward to what the 'finished' version had to offer.+ Humor : it has a good parody of other dungeon roguelikes+ Controls : nothing super complicated going on but  it works well+ Music :+ Graphics : Not incredible but colorful and fits the atmosphere well+ / - Academy building : You can find upgrades for your academy that then benefit your future characters. I love this type of persistance that lets you feel like you still made some progress even when you die. The con is that it is implemented pretty poorly and feels like an early access version. You max out the few levels of advancement there are very early on your first character and it doesn't make a huge impact so in the end it's pretty pointless+ / - : Unique character classes.. but only a handful and not a lot of depth or choice. I like having classes that play differently to try out and that is true here for the few provided.- : Shallow character depth. Especially a negative since the trailer advertises as 'hella character depth' instead of advertising it as casual. There are a few different trees with a few skills each, none particularly complicated.- : Little combat strategy.  Fights are very very light on strategy and tend to get repetitive after you get a few levels and unlock your small handful of skills. Enemies are pretty dumb and don't have a huge range of variety.-: Boring items. Each character has their weapon type and armor type to focus on. Everything else you find is trash which you just sell or have your blacksmith melt for more pointless upgrades on future characters. The weapons you come use only have a few tiers and the modifiers on magic items are pretty basic number booths that don't really make any difference. Loot just isn't very fun at all. The shops are all pretty terrible and all sell the same exact things. The only reason I'd bother selling loot there is to buy potions. There's an upgrade system for the towns which is a nice idea but implemented badly as the upgrades don't make much of a difference and because it limits upgrades based on how far from your academy they are, even when you upgrade a town you just keep advancing beyond it making it feel wasted.I love the ideas of enhancing towns and upgrading the academy.. but there is just.. nothing there. This does not feel like a finished game in the slightest.If you like casual roguelikes, wait until it's on sale and then give it a try. If you like depth and strategy, don't bother."
,Recommended,288120,13300166,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Waspmaster,"Dungeonmans is a thoroughly enjoyable rogue like with several innovations that add depth to the genre. The Dungeonmans starter area known as The Academy is the main hub of these innovations. The Academy allows you to make subtle tweaks to your experience. For instance bringing artifacts back to the academy lets future Dungeonmans use stronger weapons and armor then would normally be available to a new graduate. There are several non-player characters at The Academy who can increase new graduate advantages with the riches that your last Dungeonmans gave their life for.This game also has a fully realized class system using an intuitive point allocation system.  You also have the freedom to build your own Dungeonmans instead of using a prebuilt starting class. You are allowed to mix and match between magic, melee, and ranged skills over your career. This game has soundtracks, sound effects, and sprite based art that helps to create captivating rogue like environments. The world of Dungeonmans is populated with towns and dungeons galore.Dungeons have ominous soundtracks and gritty sprites, while the towns are depicted with cheerful music and colorful sprites. Towns provide another place to enhance your experience. Towns can be upgraded like The Academy to give you better shop items from the local merchants. The dungeons vary in size, design and difficulty. Besides being filled with monsters, dungeons can have traps, secret treasures, and ultimately end with a showdown with its powerful master.The advantages of the Academy are completely voluntary. If you’re looking for a harsher challenge simply don't enhance The Academy and your new Dungeonmans will have no advantages when they start out. Even with the advantages that the Academy provides, you'll still find that the best equipped and experienced players will find challenges in Dungeonmans readily available. This game has provided me with many hours of entertainment. If you’re looking for a rogue like with something new to offer, but the difficulty the genre is known for then look no further. Dungeonmans is the game for you."
,Recommended,288120,18592246,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Andrux,"Once you get all the achievements, you pretty much have to write a review, am I right? I mean, I want to be a good mans to the developer, who totally rocked it with this one.Anyway, Dungeonmans is a great roguelike with a good sense of humor that I found quite charming. The name of the game is used as a point of humor throughout, so basically any phrase that would end in ""man"" or ""men"" becomes ""mans"" instead(Mans-at-Arms, Lizardmans, Necromanser, Lady Dungeonmans, etc). Also on the subject of humor, one of the pictures on the store page shows the ""Beeholder"" enemy, which fights like a D&D Beholder but spawns bee-type enemies to fight you when it dies.If there's one thing I can't stop thinking about this game, it's that it feels like a really well-designed experience. Some people may say it feels simplified, but this is definitely a ""less is more"" type of thing. I've played ToME and DCSS, and those are fun, but this game has a much tighter scope in my opinion. The graphics certainly don't hurt, either.It's got a good system of turn-based movement and combat, pretty standard stuff in that regard. I felt like there was a good mix of single-target and AOE abilities that kept me using different skills almost constantly. A lot of games in this genre can fall apart once you find that one ability that trumps everything.Also, it's fairly reasonable to think that if you play your mans well, you'll get at least decent gear and be able to really kick some butt. In all the hours I played, I never once felt like I got screwed because I needed a new weapon that just wouldn't drop, or had an enemy show up that my character wasn't at least capable of dealing with(I know, I shouldn't have gotten arrogant and bump-fought that scrolled monster party...)For anyone put off by the mechanic where you can pass along boosts to later generations (it actually can get extremely overpowered if you plan ahead), I would like to state that there's an achievement for clearing the game with a single mans, so that's a good challenge for those looking for the traditional roguelike one-life-to-live experience. That was my first clear of the game, which is probably why I had so many hours logged before it happened.TL;DR:Buy this game, it's super fun. If you do, maybe the developer will make more and I will appreciate you for contributing to that."
,Recommended,288120,10268065,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Lousywater,"In Dungeonmans you play as dungeonmans. The goal of the game is to dungeon. If you dungeon hard enough you will become dungeon; but don't take my word for it, just listen to what these great men have to say about the game.""I have nothing to declare but my love of Dungeonmans.""-Oscar Wilde""Dungeonmans can flow, or they can crash. Be dungeonmans my friend.""-Bruce Lee""Use the dungeonmans, Luke.""-Old Ben Kenobi""Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy dungeonmans comfort me.""-Psalms 4:20"
76561198037748415,Recommended,288120,14191378,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mytheos,"Great Game, well designed.Stick with it and you'll be well rewarded.Some of the most fun I have had playing any RPG-type game...and I have been playing them since FF1 on nintendo.Thank god for Indie gaming...I cant put into words how refreshing it is to play a game by someone who made it for the love of the game."
,Recommended,288120,20133076,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Strix,"Dungeonmans is a roguelike dungeon crawler with a nifty succession system: the premise is, you follow the adventures of the graduated students of the famous Dungeonmans academy. Each student has been trained in the fine art of monster crushing, and now sets out to go forth and crush said monsters. They can find ways to upgrade their old academy - more books for the school's library, more equipment for the alchemy lab, and most importantly Proof of Stremfs. These things let the battlemaster teach you better stats, and most importantly they mean the next graduates start out with better stats when your current graduate inevitably dies.Because yes. It's a roguelike, and you will splat your Fightermans against an enemy with a bigger stick. Or you'll get overconfident, charge into a mob of punks, and die to their fanged pet. Or you'll discover that fighters without stamina can't handle kiting enemy mages. (I should have brought a potion of stamina, or just run away! Picking your fights wisely is the key to leveling up in this game.)But with each death, your next Wizardmans or Rangermans or whatevermans will be stronger, better, faster - and they'll conquer the next dungeon, and upgrade the local towns, and become famous! ...Up until they die.But that's Dungeonmans. Vicious, smart, and most importantly fair: none of the deaths I've walked into so far have been due to the game screwing me over, but instead because I was an idiot who didn't know how to run. I value that in a game. I also value its good music, its charming tilesets, its witty writing, and the fact that I didn't have to beat myself against the GUI to get going. I was in and splatting my poor Rangermans very quickly, and I'm eager to get going with another one.I mean, this one might live!"
76561198025609284,Recommended,288120,14748684,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Dick Gently,"Very short TL;DR at the bottom.I had a long detailed positive review of this game after a good five or ten hours playing. I had to edit this review, however. It was even better than I imagined.The game starts out as a fun roguelike and it is immediately endearing. The static character sprites become of little concern with all the wonderful animated effects and amazing soundtrack. It seems initially like a well-done roguelike with some cool mechanics involved. I won't get into those mechanics because it would be too hard to explain them without ranting about how cool they are.Shortly after grasping the game and being on your way in a fun roguelike, you become somewhat awed by how well the game plays and how neat the Academy building, nemesis system, soul-retrieving mechanics work. Then, once that shock starts to wear off, you'll notice the many dungeon themes, each with a whole set of mobs to go with the theme, and you'll start finding new themes. It's like a whole world of oldschool Dungeons and Dragons that's just thrown down for you to explore. Towns to bolster the prosperity of, bandit blockades to raid, Scrobold warrens, crypts, mage towers, it's all here.Now, there's a few key points that I noticed.No worrying about food or inventory limit. That's right, no worries on that. This irked me slightly at the outset, but I rationalized that inventory limits cause you to have to do a lot of backtracking and it gets boring tedious, not fun tedious. And there's a TON of loot to nab! So, removing the inventory limit was a smart move for this game. Well,  with no inventory limit, then hunger becomes pointless as it won't be long before you can just shove a ton of rations in your pack and forget about hunger for a while. It might sound odd to oldschool roguelike players, but the ramoval of the hunger and inventory limit are actually very good for this game and it really works.The loot system, while there's just a ton of stuff you're picking up, makes it very easy to manage the stuff you're actually interested in looking at as well as super easy to offload the stuff you don't want, through the clever use of tabs and sell/smelt selections when talking to shopkeeps/smiths.The game also has a lot of really cool psuedo-hidden ""secrets"". Every town is worth exploring. At lower levels, it's easy to ignore towns and, indeed, ignore many of your consumables (not to say lower levels are easy, trust me), but as you start fighting higher level enemies, you start paying a lot more attention to what you're using and how you're using it and you start wishing you'd bought all those scrolls of combat blinking and pin to win, but you didn't need them back then. You'd better grab them up with the next character!The combat itself defeats traditional roguelike standards in every way. The skills are all unique and build awesome characters and force you to truly pay attention to what spaces you're moving to. A fightermans doesn't just bump up against a mob until it dies - you have a number of special moves and you'd better make good use of them! What's more, you can customize your characters move sets and pick new skills from any class as you level. The classes are more like archetypes, really, just to give you a start, but you can choose a custom class as well.There's a resource building mechanic so that future characters will be more successful, but you can opt to build up those resources and still not use them in the spirit of traditional roguelikes, but they're there if you want to give yourself an edge - and in such a way that you pick which edges you want and ignore the others.There's a legacy system as well, but I won't try to explain it, just know that it's very very cool!Procedural world, running legacies, themed dungeons - a - many, very tactical combat, tons of items and loot to find, towns to explore, libromancers to irritate, lots of enemies, champions, and named bosses, this game pretty much has it all!TL;DR I honestly cannot give this game enough praise. It's hands-down the best roguelike I've ever played. If you like tile-based, grid-based roguelikes, DO NOT pass this game over!"
76561198015210866,Recommended,288120,23306862,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Stubbie,"This game ticks every box I have for a rogue-like.Permanent death.Loads and loads of loot.Stats and more stats.Save anytime, but only one save slot.A user interface that my grand daughter could understand...if I had one.Minimal pc specs...no graphical stutters here my friend.Graphics that actually look good...if you are willing to accept that graphics can take second place to great gameplay.Sound effects that have that certain ""omph"" when you expect it.A level up graphic that actually makes you feel great!And it ticks a box I did not even realise I wanted..........my characters death has an input in my next characters stats!...no other rogue game I play will now feel complete without this one feature. :(It is definately one of the better games i have spent my money on.Now if only the dev would port this to iOS........pleaseeee"
,Not Recommended,288120,28813808,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Aurumlamina,"An innovative take on the rogue-like, Dungeonmans had me hooked for the first few hours that I played it.  The class and leveling system, though simple, was enjoyable.  The randomly generated world was a great feature for replayability and the legacy system capped it off with an academy that gets upgraded by your heroes exploits and offers perks to future heroes after your each one dies.  Unfortunately, the game seemed to quickly lose its luster when I realized that the difficulty seems quite easy for a legacy rogue-like.The game begins with your character graduating from your academy.  You will select their stat package from several randomly generated ones and then choose your class.  From this point on, you'll adventure through a procedurally generated world that is done decently well, though it could use a bit more variety throughout.  Acquiring special items will improve your academy and the benefits that it offers to your future graduates are exciting to unlock as is finding stolen goods that you can return to a town of your choice to boost their prosperity.  This will in turn make that town have a more effective stock of items that are sold at cheaper prices.In theory, this all adds up to a great game.  That changes quickly, however, once you realize that the game is fairly easy, especially when you consider that as a legacy rogue-like, a large part of its charm is death and moving on to your next hero.  With this foundation a bit shaky, the game's excitement waned rather quickly as the variety for a single hero seemed to be lacking.  I've now played multiple hours on the same character and, whenever a true threat revealed itself, I was either able to escape or outsmart it rather easily without ever being at risk of death.If Dungeonmans were in Early Access, I would give it a positive review as it lacks enough content to keep me playing on a single player and also the difficulty to facilitate me moving through the generations of my academy.  However, it does have a very strong foundation if the developer were to continue adding content and it has peaked my interest enough that I will be coming back to try the game again in the future and will change my review accordingly if it improves.  However, I currently do not recommend this game if only due to the fact that Dungeons of Dredmor is a superior game in the RPG rogue-like category and Rogue Legacy is a strong platformer/RPG rogue-like with an impressive legacy system."
76561198004565666,Not Recommended,288120,29576827,Posted: 29 January,all,brickey.8,"Let's be clear: The core gameplay here is very fun, there is a wide variety of skill trees and character types, the humor is spot on, and the academy building between-characters metagame is well implemented and feels rewarding. Enemy types are varied, and many have abilities that move themselves or you across the battlefield to keep things fresh. And honestly it works well as a roguelike.I really, really want to recommend this game.But I can't in good conscience, because it feels half-finished, like an early access game. And the developers show no signs they want to fix anything.First off, there's bugs all over the place. Both big and small, including some that wreck people's save files. There's also lots of stuff (especially in the late game) that is missing its description because they never got around to it.Game balance is also wonky. The defensive stats do practically nothing for your defense early on but makes you virtually invincible at high levels, except against a few specific enemies with specific spells. Some skills do virtually nothing but act as as stepping stones to more important skills, or are hideously weak compared to skills that are available earlier. You can tell at a glance that some character perks are stronger than others. The graveyard dungeons have way too high a loot-to-risk ratio. Many bosses are pushovers, except the final boss who has an instant-kill attack (yes, in a roguelike). And the holy/dark elements are given tons of weight in the random item abilities but are virtually absent except in the final dungeon (where everyone's dark).So overall, this game is very fun but has massive flaws. I just can't give it a positive review when it's this obviously unfinished."
,Recommended,288120,13422536,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,fuzzdoug,"good gameplay, great humor, and amazingly fun.stopped playing dragon age inquistition to play this.Cassandra approves."
76561198003704166,Recommended,288120,12505115,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,R. Dodge,"This game is pretty freeking amazing and it excites me that it's still only early access as it means there's more to come!It took me a couple of plays before i realised that the stat points you accumilated with previous characters stay with you through death, meaning you can allocate them to new characters right away, allowing you to skip a lot of the dungeons you've already defeated."
,Recommended,288120,10267185,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Wong Tong Silva,"Solid roguelike, I get feelings of Dungeons of Dredmore when I play this, but with a nice overworld. The Acadamy is a nice touch, and as you play you will unlock further upgrades for your fresh adventurers. Although I can see purists not liking at as much.Havent played an incredible amount, but for now the game feels good."
,Recommended,288120,13370431,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[TBT] MadRussian,"Very addicting game that combines an open world rpg and dungeon crawler with a rogue-like play style.  Do you like old school rpg rogue style games?  Then you should buy this game now before you regret not doing so earlier once you finally purchase it.  You don't have to regret lost play time!  If you too have suffered from GR (Gamers Regret), your not alone.  Buy this game today and show the world your support in the fight against GR!"
76561198007423887,Recommended,288120,13427767,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Angelo Dante,"I'm LOVING this game! It has a good sense of humor, is very colorful, adds interesting game elements in the form of the Academy you build up, and WILL KICK YOU IN THE TEETH if you aren't paying attention! I say that as a term of endearment. The price of ♥♥♥♥ing up is very high - you die. No extra lives, no loading saves. You DO get a statue built in your memory at the Academy, though. Then you'll roll up another graduate, that benefits from the Proofs of Stremf (NOT a typo) you earned from beating worthy (Read - not weaker than you are.) mini-bosses. You'll feel like you're tear-assing across the land like a tumultous tornado of♥♥♥♥♥kick, testosterone, and mansliness! Which is highly satisfying, but you better not get in over your head, or that high will come crashing down FAST. BAM! Dead, create new graduate!Yet, for all that, its a fun and challenging experience, with ability to mix fantasy achetypes as you go along. The flavor is strong with DnD style - items of +1, +2, et cetera that can be upgraded if you find the proper scrolls to enchant them. There are many highly-useful scrolls and potions you'll come across to use. They WILL save your life, for which I refer you to the above paragraph, and allow you to keep that tornado rolling!Just buy the game - its well worth it! Unless you're a wuss who wants an easy-mode that holds your hand when you should be dead (in-game)."
76561198004368051,Recommended,288120,28335710,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DFuxa,"Dungeonmans is a neat game where you play as an adventurer, explore the realm, likely die horribly, and then - you start a new adventurer in the same world!No, wait, don't go, this is still a rogue-like! You'll find that the dungeons you explored initially will all be procedurally randomized again!Whoo, okay, so! -Dungeonmans is essentially a Rogue-like with a persistent world. You essentially make a seed for a randomly seeded world map, and then spawn your character into it from the Dungeonmans Academy (more on this later). From there you venture out into the world clobbering enemies and likely eventually getting clobbered yourself! When you die, your remains will remain in the level of the world where you died (unless you get to a high enough level, in which case something else happens); and you will have to make a new character to spawn into the world with.Spawning into the world again, you will find that the world map is the same, though there will be some negative effects from your last characters death. Bandits will have set upon the roads and towns, and towns you invested in on prior run(s), dungeons you visited will be randomized to feature new layouts to re-explore, and the remains of your prior adventurer will be around to collect loot and experience from.And that pretty much sums up what this game is all about above. But there is more - and unfortunately, not all that good....Essentially, if your character gets to a specific level, you can retire your character. Retiring your character you might go and opening an inn, go back to teach further recruits of the dungeonmans academy some learned tricks from your retired character, or just go about wandering.The key problem here though is that is leads to a situation where you'll be doing unfun things like 'farming' characters to level 10 to retire so that you can essentially make better and better dungeonman characters to do things with.Now, as a note, this game does now have an Ironmans mode as of this review, but playing on a single run will have a very generic rogue-like experience that gets away from what the gameplay of dungeomans is really all about - a persistent world.This is one of the odd rogue-likes that I both 'recommend' but give a wary warning about. It is a really interesting example of a rogue-like because it has that persistent world concept, and it is worth experiencing because it is really neat.However, because of the farming factor present, this is also a game I would suggest avoiding if you want a game you could really sink your teeth into and enjoy"
,Recommended,288120,32043814,Posted: 29 May,all,Cohen The Barbarian,Dungeonmans is a good rogue-like/rpg game with plenty gameplay value.Pros:+ Humor+ Progression+ Game mechanics+ Lots of dungeons and hours to sink into.+ Good controls and UINeutral:~ Soundtrack is a bit shallowCons:- Storywise it is near blank- Price is a bit steep for the content8/10 Its a little gem if you like roguelikes and catch it on sale.
76561198089514073,Recommended,288120,32320792,Posted: 10 June,all,Shades,"I held off buying this game for a long time because it looks silly and derivative. This was a mistake on my part.Dungeonmans is a love letter to old school dungeon crawl games. I love the way it playfully deconstructs the genre and all its tropes while still maintaining the feel that has kept me playing RPGs and roguelikes for so many years.What I like:You create your own character from scratch. No being shoehorned into someone else's idea of what you should play.Open world/sandbox style. Go where you want, when you want. If you want to clear the game one dungeon at a time, go for it. If you just want to loot and run, you can do that too.The game adapts to your playing style. You can build the academy and make each of your characters more powerful than the last, or you can go Ironmans and challenge the game without all those perks.Death in this game usually feels like something you could have avoided, so you can usually learn from your mistakes and get better at avoiding them.The developer is still active in the community, taking player feedback and patching out bugs.What I don't like:There are places where the game will troll you with one-shot deaths. It usually does a good job of telegraphing these, but there is still the occasional bug that does this unintentionally.The in-game descriptions for some of the skills are a bit vague, sometimes only hinting at what the skill will accomplish for you. Some rewording may be in order.I feel that this game would benefit greatly from full controller support. I can get basic movement and attacks to work, but I can not for the life of me figure out how to put skills into the cross-bars for use with my controller.There are some immersion-breaking bugs in a certain tower than genuinely confused me, and not in the fun ""it's an RPG puzzle, you're supposed to figure it out"" kind of way.Overall, the developer has done a very good job with this game. If you enjoy single player RPGs, the dungeon crawl theme, and the roguelike experience I recommend buying it now. If you're not sure you'll enjoy it, buy it now anyway.Protip: if you have the patience for it, this game is best enjoyed spoiler free, at least for your first few attempts."
,Recommended,288120,22805731,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Ara,"Incredibly fun game, one of my favorite roguelikes.  Humor is similar to Dungeons of Dredmor, and the variety of classes and skills, as well as unlocking things on each playthrough kept me coming back again and again.  This game deserves far more attention than it gets!"
76561197960746459,Recommended,288120,14643840,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,quinnbot,"Excellent casual roguelike!  Unlike other games with permadeath which force the player to sludge through intro levels, Dungeonmans uses the Academy to continually build overall player power.  While you will still certainly have many surprising and frustrating deaths, your overall progress towards the finish will never be crippling.  Definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a fast and light hearted rogue-like experience!"
,Recommended,288120,32053958,Posted: 29 May,all,|Sa|-Skoaliosis-[PRiSoN],It's fun with a capital f. Dev's are STILL updating an already great game.
,Recommended,288120,13332328,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,PotatoMcWhiskey,"Alright, so let me just say first off that this is the best rouguelike I've payed for to date.First lets examine how it shapes up as a roguelike, its got all the elements that I would consider defining for the genre. Turn based combat in a square tile grid, full keyboard controls, randomly generated loot and monsters, secret passages and a progression system[levelling up] for your character. Diverse and varied classes, albeit in my opinion there is a distinct lack of classes, which I would count as a negative but hopefully classes can be added later or modded in. It also has the characteristic difficulty, if it is slightly easier than most rougelikes but, if you're not careful you can find yourself out of your element and dead quite quickly.What it lacks in the hardcore area it makes up for in the actual playability, graphical fidelity and clarity. While there are some elements of the UI I'm not super impressed with generally speaking its miles ahead in terms of accessability so - if you've been looking to get into the rouguelike genre I think this would be a good place to start. The only problem is that you will probably miss out on a lot of the genre related jokes but there is plenty of humour to be found here which is tucked away in descriptions and text which you only read once.In terms of graphics its not amazing, but compared to others of the genre I feel its miles ahead, which a strong aestethic and good clarity you'll never be squinting at the screen trying to see if thats a goblin[g] or an arch wizard[Z].The combat, in my opinion is very advanced for a game of the genre. It takes the basics of rouguelike principles and throws a few wrenches in the works. Time honoured tactics of hiding in doorways to funnel enemies in one by one work great. That is until you encounter more advanced monsters - who can fling you around the room, dash through you to surround you and knock you back either throwing you into a room filled with bomb throwing maniacs who are as much a danger to themselves as you or getting behind you turning your careful funnel into a two versus one. Additionally some monsters will spawn barricades and ice blocks to trap you in with their friends which keeps the combat frantic and yet the player must be deliberate and pray that the carpenter bee doesn't summon ANOTHER barricade in the way of the door lest the swarm of blue lizard men things do horrible things with their claws and spears to the heroes hasty behind.Each class has a distinct playstyle, the gentleman AKA barbarian builds up fury when hit and can unlease it in a tantrum, giving them a lot of buffs to damage as would be expected. The Bannerman fights with a spear and favours being fairly immobile with lifesteal and ranged purity magic - though he can get a move on when he needs to, opting for a more mobile polearm and bow style or entrenching with a heavy shield and poleaxe to cut down multiple foes at a time. You'll be spoiled for choice as each class can be played in a variety of ways. Even the necromancer doesn't really use magic as you would expect, instead generating a resource from corpses that forms the basis of all their spells. Summon the undead to do your bidding or blow up a corpse potentially chaining through an entire infested room causing utter destruction and chaos. There are meaningful choices and paths to take for each class and I think this is one of the games biggest strengths.As for the permanent buffs that can be obtained from adventuring and making it back to the Academy alive? They are, for the most part, fairly underwhelming and are more of a kickstart to your adventure allowing you to optionally identify some of the potions and scrolls in the game although - if you like to kick it old school you can and instead discover things as you go. To be fair though, as you progress later in the game some of the artifacts can be quite awesome. Even the stat gains you earn permanently seem to have diminishing returns meaning its hard to get to the point where every character will be utter ownage and its more of a long term slight boost with each run.All things considered, this is a refreshing and interesting title in the rouguelike genre. Rouguelike players are notoriously new-game-ophobic as they're comfortable in their habits. This title makes some great efforts to shake things up and I think it has done so tremendously. My only real negative for recommending it is the price point, I'm not sure the game feels justified at the 15$ mark[15Euro for us europeans] but I have got nearly 3 times the entertainment time of a movie ticket for around the same price so I can't complain too much. I probably would have avoided this title at the 20$ mark, but at 15$ it less questionable. If you're not sold on this review but are interested I'd recommend picking it up on sale for anything around or under the 10$ mark. At the time of writing at least, with 7 hours in."
,Recommended,288120,28620414,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Feminist Robocop,This game is a wormhole that teleports you to 4:00 AM
,Not Recommended,288120,17682912,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TheSilverHammer,"I can almost give this game a thumbs up.  It has a lot going for it.  It has some dynamic classes you can make, and I like the persistence of the academy where you can get previous hero's gear, id potions and scrolls and a few other things.  I also like the open nature of the world and the fact that you can customize your gear with enchants and stuff.However, there is something that really pisses me off about this game and I consider terrible game design.  I had several good runs just end because of total BS bosses.  Really, the final one took the cake and just was beyond stupd and made me not want to play this game anymore.Anyway, in general it goes something like this.1.  Open a door.2. DieOr1. Open door and enter room.2.  See some odd effect on a boss and wonder what it does.3. Die.When you are in a dungeon where most of the monsters, including champions don't even touch you, that the boss, while challenging, should not one shot you or wipe the floor with you as you desperatly get away.  Unless you are stupid, you should not die like this.   There is an escape scroll you can use, but it takes 20 rounds to activate. Plenty of time to die some of these BS bosses.Now let me tell you about the last, total BS boss.  It was not even a dungeon boss, just opened a door and there he was.  I guess that makes him a champion and not a boss (even worse).The first thing this boss does is steal my weapon.  This has never happened before.  I rummnage around my backpack and get another weapon and equip it.  While I do this, he steals my armor.  Again, this is beyond stupid.  I also have a pet called a hateglacier which is fairly tough.  He 2 shots the pet.  I had close to 400 hp, and he drops me to 60 pts in one hit.  I teleport away (after having lost my really good armor and weapon to this guy).  I do through a scroll.  BTW when he hit me, not only did he do a tun of damage, but he took away nearly all my stamina too.  Then I try and run away, but he is really fast.  I am sucking down potions and teleporting, buring all my consumables. It is no use.  Game over.I spent like 6 hours on this character and that kind of end just doesn't sit well to me.  Difficulty should ramp up and scale somewhat evenly. It should not spike like a 1000 foot vertical wall.All and all this game is somewhat repetitive (after having like 10 characters I was really bored of the first part of the game) and clearly needs some major balance.  If you are in a dungeon and you are fairly ""safe"" from even the occasional champion, you should not open doors to things like this.  Also stealing equipped items is just stupid (although, if he did not steal those items, I am sure he would have wiped the floor with me anyway)."
76561197984543386,Recommended,288120,21977630,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,MagiTycho,"There is a lot more to this game than it seems! The concept may appear simple, but there is great depth to the amount and diversity of the dungeons, equipment, skills, and monsters. It's also a game that doesn't take itself very seriously, which just adds to how much fun it is. Random worlds and dungeons combined with fast-paced gameplay and the ability to save anywhere make it an equally great game for when you have a few spare minutes or hours on end.This should be in every rogue-like enthusiast's library! Just be ready for lots of bees, references to bees, and jokes about bees!"
,Recommended,288120,23125083,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,OverlordDarkWolf,"This game gave me quite a journey. I found it more fun than FTL but that's just my opinion. Choosing the proper skills and equipment that go well together is a key for survival and winning many a victorious battle. It also helps to have a lot of potions as back-up in case things get hairy, akthough near the end game you should have more potions than a bar has alcohol. Definitely will pick this up for my friends for over the holidays."
,Recommended,288120,12585065,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Communist Batman,"Let go of your mouse and let the fun begin :)I have to admit it took a very quick first death for me to learn the systems and controls in this game.After this:  it has been nothing but fun.Personally, I prefer both the art style and the view distance to a game like Dungeons of Dredmor.  It feels more strategic when you can see more than a few tiles away in each direction.I also prefer the humor in this game to most ""funny"" games on steam.  I think this game does an even better job of nailing the humor Dredmor was going for.I have played 4 different starting classes now and found all of them enjoyable.The things I havent much liked:Lack of character/event animations for certain things (probably will not be significantly improved due to the graphical style and limitations of indie dev)UI improvement and missing art assets.  (Both of these have been addressed as planned for future updates)Wishlist:Additional ""content"".   You are going to play this game a lot of times if you enjoy it.  It would be great if there was a little more variation between bows/ shields etc early on.  The more variety/within reason (obv you have to control the RNG) the more fun for the player :)"
,Recommended,288120,11472947,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,reddog00,This is one of the pick-me-up games that can you can keep going for long periods of time if you want.  Really nice rogue-like game with a bit of depth thrown in.
,Recommended,288120,11391794,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,anemochore,"So fun, addictive, and polished rogue-like. And most of all, it's original."
76561198005084426,Recommended,288120,11448444,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,leogolds,"Addictive roguelike with good mechanisms - difficulty level is set just right too - when you die, it's usually your fault for going too far with too weak skills or equipment!"
,Not Recommended,288120,17164455,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Gerex,"I don't really understand why this is reviewed so well. It's really not a well-designed rogue-lite.So, what is dungeonmans? It's a rogue(lite) game in which you pick a character, customize some of it's stats and perks, select a class (optional) and off you go to slay random monsters around the randomly generated world. Or die horribly.What is different from most roguelike games is,  that unlike most roguelikes where after you die you roll a completely fresh character, is that you can eventually upgrade your starting characters with various perks by bringing back various items to the starting zone: base stats, better starting gear, you can even unlock entire skill trees from the get-go.However, this is where the core issue lies. The game balance is designed with this in mind. You will need to essentially farm stats for your future character to succeed. Otherwise you will literally get one shoted by higher tier monsters. And there is no way of working around it. The hordes of enemies and the lack of complex spells and abilities waters down the gameplay to ""grind stats, die, start another characters, repeat"" until you EVENTUALLY get strong enough to walk over everyone' faces.The ""randomly generated"" dungeons are very repetitive with no interesting objects to interact with. The loot is tiered, meaning as soon as you get an item from a higher tier the other ones become obsolete. The skill ""trees"" are a sad joke.Overall, not a good game, not even as a ""babbys first roguelike""."
76561198007099028,Recommended,288120,13647939,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,VerminousFang,"I really enjoy this game.  It has the feeling of the old roguelikes that I used to play (such as Angband).  There are a fw bugs in it, but nothing that makes the game unpalyable (that I've seen)."
76561198018649889,Not Recommended,288120,24800723,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,shbouwhuis,"A fun game, but with many flaws. If the game would have been more polished I would recommend it. As is, I can't.ProsThe progression system is great. Every play-through will earn you points that improve your next play-through.When the going gets tough and you try to flee and have a near-death experience, the game is at its best.The in-game (dungeon) map is great.The levels are also a good size. Not too small and not too large (my opinion).There is a fairly good variety of types of dungeons.ConsThere is no proper manual. I've literally had to ask half a dozen questions on the forums to try and figure out how things work. The wiki is also completely useless. Even the most basic things are hidden and have to be guessed.One-shot kills. Sometimes you encounter an enemy that one-shot kills you. Out of the blue. Hours of working on a character arbitrarily gone in 1 second. This has forced me to write a script to do save scumming to circumvent this totally unfair game mechanic.One of the most important things in a loot game is item comparison. It is downright terrible here. There is no way to quickly compare items other then taking out a calculator and doing the math yourself.The inventory system is very poor. There is no way to sort items. Also, different types of weapons and armor you can't even wear aren't separated. This makes sorting out a long list of loot needlessly time-consuming.The world overview map is incredibly bad. It's a jumbled mess with random numbers and a POI list going off screen! It is completely unusable.The world map itself is also terrible. Dungeons that are cleared partially obscure other dungeons. There is no easy way to see which level a dungeon is (you have to mouse over them one by one which is incredibly tedious). Trivially easy dungeons can be skipped and you get loot for them, but you need to click them one by one and the loot flies everywhere. This gets incredibly tedious when you need to clear 20 or 30 trivial dungeons at a time. Also, the loot is invisible because it is behind the dungeon icon.There are many bugs and random crashes. Luckily, the game saves often so you generally don't lose too much progress.Very laggy. Especially when you have a couple of summoned skeletons.No real AI, all enemies walk straight towards you.Poor path-finding (sometimes it literally doesn't work).Navigation is annoying because of diagonal movement. I use the cursor keys to move and use the mouse to move diagonally. I generally just take some extra hits so I don't need to reach for the mouse to move diagonally. It totally takes the pacing out of the game. You can set keys for diagonal movement, but I find that very unwieldy.The bonuses are incredibly obtuse. They are of the form ""Sometimes causes <effect>"". How much is that? 1%? 10%? Completely useless for determining whether it's a useful effect or not."
,Recommended,288120,30930260,Posted: 3 April,all,Mirzero,"Dungeonmans, oh dungeonmans.My favorite things about Dungeonmans after over 90 hours of play:- Humor - It gets a bit silly at times, but in general the game is very amusing.- Varied Playstyles - There are several significantly different playstyles available, and it's fun to explore them all.- The Academy - I'm a huge fan of how each hero you play can improve the Academy for future heroes. It's a fun way to add meta-progression.My least favorite things:- The difficulty can be unpredictable sometimes, especially towards the endgame.- The Academy - As awesome as I said the academy is under my favorites, it gets maxed out too quickly, and leaves me wanting more."
,Recommended,288120,33110721,Posted: 1 July,all,Hanz Ketchup,"In many ways this is very much a classic roguelike, reminding me in some ways of Ancient Domains of Mystery and in others like DCSS. And that part of it is very solid and enjoyable, and though it does omit some features that you'd expect to see in genre staples like Nethack, the game is clearly not trying to be Nethack. What it is trying to do is merge that classic, turn-based hack and slash randomly generated permadeath gameplay with the modern concept of overarching progression that has come to somewhat define roguelite as a category. And it succeeds, big time. The game is funny, varied, challenging, rewarding, and above all fun! The progression is great. You get an academy that each new character graduates from knowing the basics of their class, and you can find objects out in the world to bring back and improve it so that future characters have better stats/starting gear/pre-identified items, et cetera. There are lots of measures in place to keep the game playing quick, but not rushed or short. It's an accessible title while not making the game boring for people with experience with the genre. The game is still actively updated (though you wouldn't know it by the website), three years after its release.Overall, highly recommended, on sale or not."
,Recommended,288120,22352655,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,baby jesus,"I have kept this game installed forever always meaning to 'get to it again eventually' which is definitely a sign of quality.It has a great addictive core, good sense of humor, and relatively poor execution. I have all sorts of weird resolution issues and things not lining up, maybe because my laptop runs at a very high screen resolution, it doesn't seem capable of dealing with it correctly.But I wish there were more games like this, a roguelike with a persistent element to it."
76561197972995047,Recommended,288120,13213996,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Coup d' oeil,"I watched this game for a loong time. Had it in my watch list since earlier this year. And I can honestly say I was missing out. The game isn't as hardcore as other Rogue Likes,. And at first, that was kind of a turn off. But I quickly found out that the  difficullty ramps up quickly. And takes skill to master. It strikes a perfect balance of greed vs peril vs reward. It keeps you coming back. After cursing yourself for getting in over your head  for that sweet loot and dying, you quickly fire up another game. The sound efx and music are some of the best I heard in a rougue-like. The game doesnt take itself seriously and I found myself enjoying the jokes. This is  the National lampoon of Rogue-Likes. But well madeeditAfter putting in major hours I still reccommend it but there are quite a few bugs that need to be fixed. While this is great,  there are still some bugs that can take the skill away and leave your life up to happenstance.update.All major bugs squished enjoy!"
,Recommended,288120,15633637,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,lesslucid,"This is a pretty good roguelike, with a range of combat mechanics that set it apart from many others in what is now a fairly crowded genre. I'm not personally a fan of the silly style of humour, but it's not obnoxious and a few of the jokes are worth a smile at least. I'd certainly recommend it to beginners as a ""first roguelike"" over something like, eg, Dungeons of Dredmor, which is graphically nicer but has a less streamlined interface."
76561198120910336,Recommended,288120,13514870,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,clownkenny,"Definitely recommended if you enjoy diffisult turn-based dungeon crawls.I bought this game on a whim since I enjoy roguelikes, and I was not disappointed. The game takes a little getting used to even with a passing familiarity with the genre.There are certain aspects of the game that are not very intuitive right now. If you clear the dungeon closest to your starting Dungeonmans Academy, you'll already out-class all the other surrounding dungeons, with no option to go inside them. You do get an option to receive a handful of loot from them, but it's typically not that great. Once you find a dungeon you can enter, the difficulty is typically much higher than you can handle with just the first cave's loot and experience.This quirk resulted in several futile attempts at the game until I figured out that you can enter a dungeon and leave, which marks that dungeon and lets you re-enter it later even if your level ""surpasses"" it. Since this issue has a workaround, it's not game-breaking or anything, but I do think the level restrictions could be loosened or allow a third option to enter a weaker dungeon anyway, rather than just ""auto-clear"" and ""leave it alone"".There are some dialog options in your Dungeonmans Academy that seem to do nothing, particularly with the museum curator. I've not run into very many other bugs.In all other areas, Dungeonmans surpassed my expectations. The graphics are simple but look great with some nice detail, and are suited to the old-school style of gameplay. There is a variety of classes to play as to change things up if you get bored playing the game one way. The music is pretty good, and gives a nice atmosphere to the various dungeons. There are multiple dungeon ""types"", such as swamp, catacombs/graveyard, ruins (typical dungeon), and tower. Each dungeon type provides a different experience, and I found it a nice changeup while playing.There are also some nice touches such as secret doors, magic pools that will randomly help/harm you, and portals that may take you to rooms filled with either monsters, secret shops, or several strong ""champion"" level monsters. I've put about 15 hours into the game as of writing this review, and I plan to play it for many more."
,Recommended,288120,13522442,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Darkfafi,Note before reading:This is a really fast pace dungeon rogue like (You barely notice its turn based. Not that it is a bad thing) that is challenging but very much skill based. Contains permadeath and uses it in a unique and amazing way. It's in my opinion worth every cent.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Truly a work of art this one. I love what they did with the permadeath that the legend of your past life still is being told by others. The things you did in the past lives you lived change the world in a good scale. About the gameplay. It's perfectly done along with the classes you can choose. The perks and weapons all play differently. Replayability is perfect in this game.Note about myself:I love Roguelikes since I played Dungeons of Dredmor (Also a really good game). And love challenging games with permadeath(Rogue like or not does not really matter).
,Recommended,288120,13121603,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Flying Shisno,"I love this game, and I played its VERY old alpha demo for 20+ hours(over a year) guaranteed, and now I finally get to buy the game on steam. Everything's is much more polished,though the help screen displaying the keybindings could seriously need some cleaning up.Edit:They quickly fixed this in a recent update, just a day or so after this review. Coincidence? I like to think they saw my suggestion and listened. Makes me feel special and feel like I helped.:D:This is a traditional roguelike with a tileset, and a persistent base called the Dungeonmans Academy that can be upgraded, and all features unlocked/improved can and will be used by future characters. In the beginning, you make a world, then you make your character. The character starts out in the Academy in your world, and you go forth from there. The Overworld is generated when you make your world, and stays the same, though the dungeons continue to be randomly generated. When you die, you make a new character, and go back to the same world with the Academy you've been working on. You can have 3 seperate worlds at once.There are plenty of skills and passives you can unlock when you level, supporting many styles of play: Dual Wielding, Sword and Board, Magic, Two-Handers, Necromancy, Bows, Spears, Light/Medium/Heavy Armor(or Light ""Armor""/Medium Armor/Real Armor as the game calls them). And I know I missed a few.There are also unidentified and randomized names for scrolls and potions too. The large variety of potions and scrolls reminds me of Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.There's also a lot of goo humor in the game, from the dialogue, item/skill/spell descriptions, and events.I definitely recommend this game to any fan of roguelikes.Edit:Since it sorta looks like they saw my review with a suggestion and listened, I'm gonna try and help more, and give suggestions. I'll update this fairly often.Only real problem now is that getting to the center of mountain ranges is a pain, since I hate having unexplored areas within my travel range. It'd be nice to have mountains traversable, but take longer to do so or guarantee us being attacked. In the Roguelike 'One Way Heroics', you have to hold the direction key in the mountains direction for 3 or so seconds, then you move onto that tile. Maybe have it so that happens, and you're guaranteed to be attacked by mountain bandits/scrobolds.This was updated 3 times so far on February 8th, 2015"
,Recommended,288120,11930299,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Overburn,Very  fun Rogue Like.I love the little nuances of your academy leveling up and keeping that progress when your characters die.(perma death)And I love the little touches like their being a cemetary and staues get erected for your characters when they pass away.It's very fun and addictive and goes to show that games do not have to have AAA graphics to be extremely fun.Highly recommended if you're into rogue type games.
76561198007209535,Not Recommended,288120,13513526,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Darth Chocula,"Asking price is over-the-top, really needs to be toned down by at least 1/2 considering how little depth there is in the combat and skill areas. The only feature that is noteworthy is the academy, everything else, the art, the way the game mechanics operate and the overland map are very lackluster. Considering I've bought or played for free Dungeons of Dredmore, Bionicdues, Sword of the Stars The Pit, TOME, ADOM, IVAN, Stone Soup, Rogue, and several mash-up games, like Don't Starve...this one is meh considering the price.."
76561198042706422,Recommended,288120,14487946,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,m_ayhem,"I really really loved this game.I really really loved it more when my husband, who' s *not* a gamer, said, ""Why are you playing all those hours into a game that looks like something on the Nintendo?""It was just that much fun.I would love to see more and different kinds of loot, and an expansion, and more kinds of hero abilities, but not because the game needs them, just because I want to play more.  :-)YAY for Dingeonmans!"
76561198046306013,Recommended,288120,22499706,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Oman,"Fun game. Easy to play, lots of replayability."
,Recommended,288120,23927242,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Elvoc,"This is one of those games that you tell your friend, "" the graphics are ok but the gameplay far exceeds what it looks like and make it worth every penny""There are several classes and difficulties to start with and each builds nicely with in game Mastery skills that are both class orientated and generalized for dungeon crawling. The real meat of this game in my opinion is the Academy and its abilities to grow and upgrade your future characters, while also providing benefits to your current character.The Roguelike piece comes in with the academy where you character is basically permadeath and he helps to build things and make life easier for your next character. The academy is a potion shop, library, blacksmith and a few other pieces that really make the gameplay fun. There are also towns along the way that you can help to upgrade their wares with prestige chests found in the game.The turn based combat fits very well with this game as it allows you to actually strategize your moves when surrounded or in a bad situation, you make a selection of move and the enemies react all together and it continues one move at a time until it’s over.The only thing really unsure of but has grown on me was the controls in the game, as it is best played with Keyboard or controller only, this was hard for a KBD/Mouse veteran like myself but the keyboard functions are all mappable and they work well.I can’t say enough about this little gem of a game and there is no better time to get it then now during a Steam sale but it is definitely worth every penny at normal cost, will provide hours and days of fun...."
76561198020217026,Recommended,288120,11331940,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mesk,"Dungeonmans is fun in short bursts. As a graphical rouge-like it has a wide over-world as well as many dungeons to explore.What sets it apart from other rouge-likes is the persistence of the world. As your heros explore and return with knowledge, this can be passed on to the next hero, or not. It is up to you if you want to have scrolls and potions identifed before setting out.So far it is fun for an hour or so at a time and the death of a hero doesnt really mean a great deal. So while perma death is very real the game is still fun for the casual player."
76561198070977291,Not Recommended,288120,13490547,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,personalgravitywell,"Out of pure stubbornness, I've made character after character until finally I realized that this game just isn't any fun. Starting over, over and over and over gets Really old after a while. Yes, the stremf point collection makes it a little faster each time, but so what? Doing the same boring crap over again a hundred times, trying to rebuild your inventory and cash supply is mind numbing.   But you know, I could actually grind through that if not for the simple fact that this game is at random TERRIBLY unbalanced, and you can't plan for it.   You can be breezing though a dungeon without issue, then suddenly you're surrounded by higher lv enemies and dead before you can respond. Why not just introduce deadly diseases if you want us to die at random?  ""Oops, you died of undiagnosed CANCER! Time to start over!""  No thanks.I know it's ""rogue-like"" and people without imagination think that means it's supposed to be incredibly frustrating so that 90% of people won't enjoy it for long, but that's just geek snobbery. This game just plain isn't fun anymore, and I regret spending  money on it. If it were $5, Id say it was worth it. At 19.99 I very much regret buying this, as I won't be playing it anymore. Tales of Maj'eyal was far more entertaining, go look at that instead."
,Not Recommended,288120,33597495,Posted: 16 July,all,Swal,"This is a game where I'd love to have Maybe vote. I have 60 hours in the game yet I can't recommend the game for everyone.A rogue like game by nature will get you killed multiple times before you complete the game for the first time. I don't have a problem with that, especially when I know I could have avoided that death if I played slighly better. I'll do better next time.However this game relies on lack of knowledge about unfair mechanics and grind to a large degree.I'm at a point where I can hit level cap fairly easy with the only difficulty being finding the time to do it. The other day I had a character facerolling the entire content including the last dungeon up to 1 mini-boss which then proceeded to 1 shot me (1400 dmg) from 10 tile away while debuffed to reduce damage. Thanks to the legacy system I coudl farm myself to have all starting skill at the start of the game but I'm not interested in trivializing the game.If you like this kind of gameplay where the lack of knowledge can cost you hours of game in a single turn then by all means go ahead, it is a decent roguelike. I for one will spend my time with tales of maj'eyal and the likes instead.If I could suggest anything to the devs: Don't rely on gimmicks for difficult. Instead up the average difficulty of the game. Make the whole game difficult instead of 1 shotting me every 3 hours."
76561198030825718,Recommended,288120,13380082,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Wolfven,Wonderful game.lets you plan what to do on the spot and plan ahead and also strive to build your hero.Lots of strategy and fun but it also is hard as you go further
,Recommended,288120,14283663,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,clef,"Excellent mix of retro-rpg atmosphere and roguelike dungeon crawling. The academy mechanic inspires you to do your best not only for yourself, but for future graduates after your impending death. All in all a great game; more laid back than most traditional roguelikes in that instant-deaths are pretty rare, but the challenge does scale up pretty well and will make you consider each turn during some of the tougher fights.Well worth the asking price. If you need more convincing, check out the interviews with the developer on Roguelike Radio(www.roguelikeradio.com)."
,Recommended,288120,27744456,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,benmurphy3000,"A really fun (and funny) roguelike-lite. While the game started with plenty of brutal deaths, the mechanics were fun to figure out, and it only took me about 50 hours to become OP :) I highly recommend playing with a controller with JoyToKey, the native Xbox controller implementation was kind of crappy. Keyboard play is fine too."
,Recommended,288120,32215740,Posted: 6 June,all,Chipacabra,"It's easy to pick up, fast paced, and I'm a sucker for any game that stacks three tigers on top of each other."
76561197965377122,Recommended,288120,32918094,Posted: 28 June,all,The Reluctant Geek,"Great game. On the surface, it looks simple. Once you've played for a few hours, you realise just how deep and complex it actually is. Add in the Pay-To-Lose expansion and you have the best rogue-like on Steam. Nice."
,Recommended,288120,32654618,Posted: 22 June,all,Xero,Having never played a roguelike before I took a deep dive with Dungeonmans and boy am I glad I did. The game is hard in a good way and will challenge you to think out your moves. Expect to lose your first mans pretty quickly if you play recklessly like I did. But don't be disheartened because the progress you made (in the form of proof of stremfs) carry over to your next character! The loss of your character won't be for nothing.So far I've spent 20 hours playing the game and in that time I've went through quite a few characters but I always came back to the game (mostly after a small break to let my salt levels lower) and tried new strategies and skill combos.Strong points are that the game has an awesome soundtrack and a good sense of humor. But the biggest thumbs up is for the developer constantly updating this game and you can see he is very passionate about it.
76561197969640636,Recommended,288120,33722772,Posted: 22 July,all,pixelschuppser,"One of the best Dungeon Crowl Rogue Like games, and still in development!Very funny and fair to play. The DLC is also good. Try it, you will love it.Over 100h playtime and still fun to play."
76561197987027745,Recommended,288120,32352327,Posted: 11 June,all,hiittmmann,"best roguelike game.hard but fair.every turn is a danger.u must actually think in combat, not a clickfest."
76561198043773339,Recommended,288120,32108305,Posted: 1 June,all,24601,"Damn good roguelike.  I like the persistence of the dungeonmans academy.  If you ever wished you could no-life a roguelike, this is your chance."
76561198397406846,Recommended,288120,32735812,Posted: 24 June,all,thirdeyeblink,"The gameplay is excellent, the writing is pitch perfect, but the game still has problems. The game is shockingly addictive. Combat is based on simple rules that lead to complex strategy and tough decision making. Enemy and dungeon designs keep gameplay relatively fresh and create a need for multiple strategies to overcome the unique combat effects of each type of monster. There are secrets hidden throughout the game that require you to experiment and explore to understand.There are a few glitches. The lizard pope gear can cause the big boss to not appear in castle dungeons. The game sometime just crashes for no reason. I once got teleported to the center of a map with a monster with negative hp next to me. It's a small developement team. They do the best they can to fix these problems and seem to patch them quickly.My biggest issue with the game was the loot and balance problem toward the end. By the time you are at the final dungeon you are drowning in 5 star weapons that are every bit as powerful (if not stronger) than their legendary counterparts. Meanwhile there is no nonlegendary 5 star armor anywhere in the game (and I'm actually not convinced there is a 5 star legendary set of each armor type in the game). This means that during the last 20 percent of the game picking up loot serves no real purpose. It was disheartening to realize I was begining to resent the rewards for killing monsters instead of cherishing them.Overall the game is super fun. It took over my weekend entirely and I actually ended up buying it twice (once for myself and once as a gift). Final score: 4.5/5."
,Recommended,288120,20132821,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Rossco,"Roguelike not-too-complicated funtimes with the pain of inevitable death eased by the academy system.Some of the graphics may be an aquired taste, but I like the style."
76561198054325039,Recommended,288120,23498222,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,W of Wofawesome,"Most enjoyable rogue I've ever played. Great for Hardcore dungeon and dragons nerds. The humor is so great, it makes fun of itself so well that it surprises you when you start to realize how in depth the gameplay is."
76561198013112344,Recommended,288120,13471027,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Broseph Stalin,"Day 1 JournalStarted out with a shabby bow and some leather armor. Proceeded to a scrobold nest which was challenging, but ultimately cleared out after defeating a champion version of their kin. I suspect that this was their leader. Received some items that will increase my statsDay 4 JournalHave encountered bandits along the road and am challenged more often now. It seems the further I roam from the academy, the more that danger is present.Day 7 JournalAm far from the Academy now after clearing out several towers and dungeons. I am in a nice collection of Magical Gear. It seems the further I roam out, the stronger the items are that these merchants sell. This could be beneficialDay 9 JournalCleared out a challenging dungeon, I am now on the 8th level of power. Found a mysterious portal near the end that led me to a hive of Bees that sell rare items. Obtained some Excellent Rangermans gear and a 4d6 bow that poisons on hit.Day 10 JournalI am feeling adventurous, so I strode into this bandit camp. After clearing out many archers and warriors, there stood two swordsman champions, side by side. I immediately fled to regain my strength, I hide now behind this set of barrels, with the thought that this day be my last. I simply cannot hurt them enough before they get to me..I hear footsteps nearby...Day 11.....owned.==============================If you Like Roguelikes, this game is an absolutely must have. Well worth the 15 bucks.Randomly generated worlds and nice loot system.Hours of entertainment"
76561198027020560,Recommended,288120,32585498,Posted: 20 June,all,Darth Wal,"This game is a true rogue-like dungeon crawler with a great sense of absurdity and fun.  I can't quite put my finger on why, but I just cannot put this game aside like so many other rogue likes that have come out of late - in other words, I am totally addicted.Positives:1. Great class customisation allowing for a wide variety of character builds.  Not all character builds are viable in the long term, but they sure are fun!2. A wide variety of treasure to collect and monsters to combat3. An ongoing campaign that continues after your character dies, so your next character has a better chance, from upgrading the guild to permanent inter-character bonuses and even ""hero"" equipment that you can recover from places where your previous hero died.3. Great developer support - this guy just pumps out updates with new contect for free.Negatives:Well there's only one really that I have an issue with and that is the inventory screen is annoying to deal with.  It really needs to be re-built from scratch to allow for auto-sorting.  As an example, I really don't like all my consumables being on one screen - ideally I'd like my potions separated from my scrolls.That's it really - all I can add is that if you're a fan of rogue likes, odds are you will love this game."
,Recommended,288120,13381084,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Tin Tim,"The phrase ""If you enjoy Roguelikes you will like this"" is played out pretty bad, but it honestly fits here. Dmans is just a fun game about exploring dungeons, crushing monsters and looting all the loot. On top of that, you also get a good sense of humor and rad music and visuals. The Academy mechanic allows your next character to get a leg up if you so desire. Death comes swift in most RL games, and it's nice to have the choice to let your next character slingshot through the early game. But it's your choice if you want to take advantage of the boons, or start without taking them. Dmans plays fast and fluid, and a lot of dungeons can be played on the fly. Though, don't take that as this game being a brainless hack&slash for your cofee break. It's still a Roguelike where a wrong decision can doom you.The game is stil fresh and needs to grow a little more as of now, but I seriously enjoyed every minute I've played so far."
76561198091412468,Recommended,288120,24070364,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BaSeriosity,"Tough, but fair. Quite a steep learning curve, but once you get over the initial hump you'll be enjoying excellent gameplay and a unique rogue-like."
76561198332070155,Recommended,288120,30275392,Posted: 2 March,all,Gui,"Pros:- Lots of love in this game for the Rogue like enthusiast- Very different play style according to the chosen class- There is humor, but still quite immersiveCons:- No more progress/challenge towards the end of the game- Some bugs remain- Graphically dated, but we know that from the startOverall very recommended for the casual roguelike amateur."
76219385761328957,Recommended,288120,32114831,Posted: 1 June,all,[RLOD]HaveAGreatDay,"Really good game, would highly reccomend if you like roguelikes. Would still reccomend if you aren't,"
76561198007252699,Recommended,288120,32260115,Posted: 7 June,all,gritt81,"I have never left a reveiw on steam.  Have been on Steam  for 5 years, not one reveiw.  This game is so good that I had to leave a reveiw.  This is by far the best dungeon crawler game I have ever played.  I truely love everything about this game.  I have not run into one thing I dont like about this game so far.  5*****One word of advice, be prepared to die..... a lot"
76561198051174225,Recommended,288120,33196306,Posted: 3 July,all,Chillrend,This game is better than it looks from screenshots. Quite refinded dungeon crawler that has quite cool mobs and locations and skills.
76561198045277062,Recommended,288120,32149915,Posted: 3 June,all,kolyden,great game!
76561197970313982,Recommended,288120,32097641,Posted: 31 May,all,ADS,"Super enjoyable roguelike.  Definitely recommended.Positives:Simple to pick up and play, no wall of hidden mechanics to climbWell designed all around, impactful and interesting skills, great difficulty curveLots of content to work through (although I'm nowhere close to beating the game)Some level of (optional) progression between runsGreat sense of humor, lots of little references and jokesReminds me a lot of ADOM, probably my favorite roguelike everNegatives:Simpler than some other roguelikes, fewer weird mechanics to experiment withTowns are rather barren, so far mostly seen just shops"
76561198014739898,Recommended,288120,32169104,Posted: 3 June,all,Voharius,"Great roguelike. Manages to keep the classic feel of the genre while adding a neat character customization system. Also has a couple systems in place to carry over a bit of your progress, giving the game a sense of progression in spite of permadeath."
76561198036943999,Recommended,288120,33355862,Posted: 7 July,all,SamuraiJones,"This is a great game, but I think it's a bit overpriced. Fun, but simple. I wouldn't call it exceptionally complex in terms combat or character options, but you do need to keep a tactical mind as you're making choices. They do a good job at offering risky rewards, and do a good job at rewarding moderate risks while killing those too aggressive. Honestly, this is the game I wanted ToME to be.There are a few scary bugs (software ones I mean... I guess both but I'm not talking about the other kind here). There's a tower with a big purple warlord with lots of scripting that works maybe half the time. He's supposed to have 2 forms, but sometimes he just dies after the first form leaving you with no way out of the tower (except escape-scroll). Also, I had a hero die in the final dungeon once. When I beat that part of the dugeon with a new hero and came to take my loot out, it said ""completed!"" over the final dungeon, and I thought ""oh no, have I broken the entire game right at the end?"" but fortunately, the final bossfight still worked.And the game will lag and occasionally crash when alot's happening. I see slowdown when alot of mobs are on fire around me (happens alot to us dungeonmans), and both castles and temples seem to have major slowdown, I suspect cuz they have huge floors and enemies need to path through em. There has been an update to ""improve performance"" a while back. I've still seen slowdowns, but no crashs since then, but I also think my old weapon choice may have agroed enemies all over the map, so I'm not sure which is the solution.One final warning though... as far as I can tell, there is like no documentation out there. The wiki's garbage, there's no useful guides, and after beating it, I think there are still mechanics I never figured out. I never checked the discord stuff, so maybe it's there, but steam and google have not helped me unlock the secrets of dungeonmans.Another final warning... this is one of those games where you can dump 10 hours into a character and be insti-killed by something you've never seen. So my warning to highlevel but inexperienced dungeonmans: Be careful of bee's damage reflection, and there is a miniboss in the final dungeon with an attack you cannot tank (if he kills you with it, it doesn't mean you were unprepared, it just means you made a tactical boo-boo.)I would advise waiting to see if you can get it at like 1/2 off or something, but otherwise it's a good game if you're willing to work around the issues. Get out there and test your stremf"
76561197972483399,Recommended,288120,14548453,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Hamburger!,"This is another example of a good rogue-like... but it's TOUGH. If you make mistakes or are reckless, your beloved character is dead. The good news? everything he brought back to the academy during his adventure will make your next hero better or cooler. That is an element to the normally punishing permadeath that I can really get behind. Fun, engaging, and sometimes funny -- this game is a worthy challenge for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,288120,33779344,Posted: 24 July,all,Root-Beard,"Difficult, cunning, and goofy.Classic Rogue with more to it. Persistent progression after character death makes for an addictive experience. Highly recommended."
76561198112650381,Recommended,288120,20762888,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,JoeyD,"The bullet-point feature list for this game says it's ""Tough but fair"". I kinda disagree. Most of the time it is, but sometimes it can be pretty unfair. Or at least feel that way.You fight your way to the end of a dungeon, there's been ups and downs, but you're doing alright. Then you open a door, and you're immediately decimated by a boss who pretty much one shots you. I'm not really seeing how that's fair, and I'd love to hear from the dev's on this. A good game punctuated by odd, frustrating difficulty spikes. The above scenario has happened to me a few times, and it's been enough to make me quit and not want to play anymore.And in a game where a character can die permanently, the balance needs to be spot on."
76561198020899416,Recommended,288120,21630129,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Riftyy,"15 hours in seriously enjoying the game, it is difficult and you will die ALOT but all the loot drops and diverse skills allowing you to create any character you want and play how you want will keep you comming back and creating many characters.Lots of content to explore, close calls.. nice combat effects and good humour and friendly fire!..found out the hard way when I accidently selected my own character and obliterated myself..at level 7 ..oh the pain.Few beginner Tips (learnt the hard way) -Make sure you stack up on healing / lesser champion potions at the towns.Take note of the difficulty of the area in the overworld your exploring (top of the map) trivial - mundane - dangerous, you dont want to be exploring the overworld and have a random dangerous battle appear that you cant avoid.Apply enchantments to your armour and weapons from scrolls you attain (that are not enchanted already).Dont forget to hand in all your legendary artifcats / books and battle skills to the headmaster and then spend you skill points.Use scrolls to escape dangerous situations or spikes to block doors to run away (especially from them white rabbits)Enemy champions are highlighted by a glowing red.Until your powerful enough dont take on hall of champions, monster party portals that will randomly appear, portal of hives however, is a great boost if you have the money.There are many more I could offer but just go purchase the game and find out for yourself, definitely recommend this especially when on sale!."
76561198009743205,Recommended,288120,20697878,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Nietzsche II,Fantasic! Along with ToME (Tales of Maj Eyal) this is my favourite rogue-like RPG.
76561198022415153,Recommended,288120,20165733,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,invaderzim48,"This is the story of Bob Leather a horrible evil bandit who ambushed an innocent dungeonmans, just so he could finance his own dungeon. The  brother of Fjial, the inocent dungeonmans, went to aveng his brother's death. Fujail fought long and hard all the way down the the second level of Leather's dungeon, but sadly my friends, it pains me to say that the most horrible creature alive struck Fujail down. AN EVIL ALBINO RABIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CAN BOB EVER BE STOPED!!!?!?!?!!??!? or is he the academy's downfall?....BUT THERE WAS STILL HOPEOut of the ashes of his father, and his uncle's failures a lone Rangermans rises to fight the evil and elusive BOB OF THE DEAD!!!!!! He entered the ever expansive labryth of horrors that was home TO THE HORRIBLE BOB LEATHER!!!!!!!!! But did he fail at the first level? NAY!!!!Did he get struck down at the second level of the tumultous dungeon? NAY!!!!BUT HE MAID IT!!!Crashing through the doors of the 3rd level like a freight train of justice the lone rangermans spit death and arrows on all who so dared to stand in his way.And then there was BOB.BOB was quick and fast, but he was NO MATCH for the speed of the lone rangermans. Out of the haze of confusion, chaos, sound, and arrows a figure appeard.  Perched glouriously over the arrow riddled corpse of the evil Bob stood the lone rangermans.SON OF FJIAL!!!!HEIR TO THE LAND OF FJIAL'S MIGHTY FART!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I DUB THEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!..............BOBSLAYIER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198043987666,Recommended,288120,13339366,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,pineapplesauce,"If you are looking for a fun Roguelike with unique features then this game has it all:Procederal levels, challenging dungeons, A complex over world to interact with,  An acadamy castle to upgrade, complex character design, Thousands of character combinations, Thousands of items. zombies, bats, crabs, and even scrobolds.In dungeonmans adventurer is you!  It is an Action adventure RPG with turn based exploration and fantasy fun for the whole family."
76561198044657862,Recommended,288120,13488465,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Maelfectus,"I have a love hate relationship with this game.  ask you can see im nearing 300 hours of playtime and have still yet to beat the darn thing.First things yes this is a rogue liek so if you like punishment and a challenge youll get your bucks out of this easy. The worlds are randomly generated along with the dungeons. Which can make for some seriously deadly surprises if your not prepared for them. Monsters can pull you into a room filled with other monsters and gang bang you in a few rounds if your not packing the proper skills or scrolls. at any time you can redo your world if you get bored with it creating an entirely new space to explore. I personally love this. There are several specializations necromanser and the archery tree IMO are a must along with the ""real armor"" skill as the first ability negates bleed, and poison damage when used. The game has a good balance of pwers sword and board, polearms, bows, dual wield and 2 handed each with distinct fighting style  all with a tongue in cheek tilt. The game pokes fun at all the tropes of ""dungeon games"" monsters range from your mundane ""Skrobold"" play on kolbold to the more serious bad♥♥♥♥♥super elite named monsters that will one to two shot you even when fully prepared and buffed *they still ahve silly names though xD*   there are still a bunch of hidden things im sure i have yet to experience.For those lookign for a quick game during work or to waste 30 min or HOURS this game fills that niche perfectly you can stop anytime save and exit and come back to exactly wher eyou left off  a godsend for those of us with abrupt or hectic schedules.The downside is until you get used to how the game plays and its still many bugs that will kill you in combat. You will die...many many many times. after about your 10th character you will have a good idea of what works and what doesnt work. I think im on my 100th character and even after all those deaths im still not even close to get to the end content *mainly because im a dumb♥♥♥♥♥ but also because bugs keep killing my character either through sheer brilliance or inability my characters always tend to die becuase of a glitch. which can be INFURIATING especially when youve worked ahrd and fianlly get a character a suffient level 8+ and soemthing happens and BLAM dead.Character death is BRUTAL. you loose all gear, all equipment and all items GONE. when you create a new character you must level them up and attempt to retrieve w/e kille dyour previous character. btw the thing that kille dyour character takes over the dungeons as a boss and gets a serious boost so if you end up opening a secret door to a boss that one shots you might as well write off that dungeon because your not getting that♥♥♥♥♥♥back. if your previous character was of sufficient level you will get ONE ITEM randomly choosen typically a weapon some XP and all the quest items they had. which isnt to bad but when you spend rescources on a character and end up compeltley loosing those rescources without a way to retrieve all that great gear it puts a sever damper on your mood especially when the GAME kille dyour character and not your inability theres a difference when the GAME kills a character and when you screw up and take a bite bigger than you can chew or get yoruself into an unwinnable situation.still even with those gripes i cant put this down i keep coming back to it like some stockholm syndrome patient. I sound liek some beaten wife  ""it's not bad ALL THE TIME"" Im kidding though Dungeonmans in my most humble of opinion is a great little roguelike title with some good gameplay and challenging scenarios with heavy ephasis on tactics and rescource managment always weighing wether youshould upgrade a certian piece of gear or take on that ""Adventurous"" level dungeon rather than the mundane one.The creator is constantly updating the game and has made an easy way of sending in feedback via an ingame menu. and actaulyl takes that feed back and FIXES the bugs. not to toot my own horn but i've persoanlly pointed out about 20 or so bugs or more and they were fixed within the month!All in all Dungeonsmans is worth the money the sheer amount of glee you get after killing a boss that has killed off countless nubmers of your heroes with a special scroll or skill and outwitting the game while rare is worht the ego boost and worth every penny."
,Recommended,288120,12884264,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,utoxin,"Just finished my first game. For an Early Access /ALPHA/ quality game... this is great. It's a classic roguelike, with a really humorous and snarky style that fits me perfectly. Very glad I bought it, and looking forward to many more dev streams from the creator. Can't wait for the next update, which will hopefully add the awesome Dragoon abilities I saw him coding...Follow-up:I've now got MANY hours under my belt in this game, and I still love it. It's continued to improve as updates have been made, and even the early stages of the game that I've played dozens of times are still interesting. Maybe someday I'll be good enough to make it past level 10. I'm a scrub.Follow-up 2:I have one achievement left to get. The developer is still updating the game. It just KEEPS. GETTING. BETTER. 150+ hours into the game, and I'm STILL excited to play it. :)Follow-up 3:Nearly 200 hours on record as of this review. Still enjoy playing it every weekend. 200-ish episodes recorded for my YouTube channel. Continuing updates to the game have improved it immensely since I started playing over two years ago. If you're looking for a challenging but humorous rogue-like, this is your game. It's definitely stood the test of time for me, and that's why I nominated it for that award."
76561197971069215,Recommended,288120,29197768,Posted: 11 January,all,To Boldly Go,"Very fun little game if you like old-school turn-based RPGs.  Simple game mechanics match with intriguing enemies and items.  While it can be frustrating to level up your character only to die by some unknown monster, this is part of the fun.  One tip for newbies:  If you travel back to the Headmaster at the Academy (where you start the game) he will identify unknown items for you... for FREE!  (Saves using Identify scrolls).  Overall I would recommend Dungeonmans if you are looking for a game that's easy to play but challenging to master.  The soundtrack is also excellent and worth buying if you like the ""orchestral RPG"" genre of music."
76561198002590526,Recommended,288120,13333044,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Maydie,Fun and addicting gameplay.
,Recommended,288120,13427110,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ZeroGravitySE,Amazing Game. You buy now! 10 Minute!
,Recommended,288120,13557352,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Dogbert,"Dungeonmans has the kind of style, soul, and wit that exemplifies everything great with video games.  You'll smile, laugh out loud, furrow your brow, and furiously curse the evil powers that test you on your path to greatness.  If you're in the mood for a well-polished and replayable experience, Dungeonmans is for you."
76561198031034106,Not Recommended,288120,14184745,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ping pong,"This game had very high ratings, and it was on sale so I purchased it.  I am disappointed.  Its more than a bit boring and I don't think any of the humor is humorous.  To each their own on that last part, but the boring play was a dealbreaker for me."
,Recommended,288120,12048094,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,DEVO,fantastic
,Recommended,288120,24619746,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Lord G,I'm not much of a reviewer. But if you look @ the number of hours I spent playing this it should at least explain something.This game is great. 10/10 if you like rogue-likes you'll LOVE this one.
76561197976335224,Recommended,288120,14045999,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dotar Fife,I originally wrote a bad review based on the fact  i had trouble with the game not saving. Found out the game is saving but was not registering in the load game area. With a little move of the folders my save games appeared.  I do recommend the game if you like dungeon crawls with simple learning curve.
,Recommended,288120,13372601,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,THAT'S JUST A BIG COW,One of the most accessible games in this genre. If you like ToME or DoD you probably will ike this aswell.
,Recommended,288120,13372790,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,The MC85,Great game!! Can't wait to see what additions are made!
76561198079351783,Recommended,288120,32157659,Posted: 3 June,all,Funghis Canale Grande,"... ... ...it´s one of those gems, y´now?!wonderful!"
,Recommended,288120,13423341,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,wongasta,"If you are a fan of Dungeon Crawler Stone Soup but are little intimidated by perma death with no progress what so ever besides knowledge, this game is perfect for you. I throughoutly enjoyed this rougelite (it can get hardcore, don't get me wrong). Even after dying 5 times I still want to get back into it due to the progress I have made."
,Recommended,288120,13397779,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,NickyD,"After 40 hours and 26 characters, beat the game.  Time to continue grinding infinitely for the rest of time.Game is great, pretty damn hard, probably easily my favorite turn based rpg strat.  Have fun dying!"
76561197970279423,Recommended,288120,13487792,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,PCGamesRule,"As someone who's played a lot of RPGs, this was a nice change of pace from the sometimes grim reality of dying in other games.  I find the game fun and the graphics cute without being overly so.I died once so far and even that was funny.  The game is easy in, easy out and entertaining with many classes to try out.  I fully expect to be playing a lot of this game.My only complaint is I'd wish mana regen was faster, I have to run back and forth to regen it while hoping no new mobs spawn.   Lucklily the staff never runs out of bolts, they just don't have a lot of impact compared to spells."
76561197986970321,Recommended,288120,13514669,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bob Saget,Much better than Dragon Age Inquisition.
76561198108269527,Recommended,288120,11056287,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,quantum_jak,"This is my favorite new rogue-like game. This is a serious rogue-like. The gameplay is nearly identical to T.O.M.E. when it comes to combat. It is very hardcore. Many of your would-be heroes will die during their first quest.Several things set it apart from TOME etc... The sense of humor, which is rather wry and very genre-self-aware. The addition of the Dungeonmans Academy, which is improved by the exploits of your individual chracters, and which in turn improves the lot of your new starting characters and the skill system which allows your character to train any set of class skills, regardless of whatever class you start off with.You start by naming your academy, followed by a brief introduction by the headmaster of the academy. Then you name a hero and pick a starting stat set out of several options, followed by a class and two perks. Maybe your would-be hero's stats aren't up to par - you can dismiss him from the academy and pick another candidate.Then you go out into the world map, like in TOME, looking for monsters (random encounters) and dungeons. During your questing you will find loot - equipment which you can use or melt down for scrap, which you can then use to upgrade your forge, books that teach you skills, or that you can bring back to the academy, rare artifacts that improve the academy, and proof of victory over powerful foes, which you can trade to the trainer for stat increases. Everything you bring back to the academy improves the academy and contributes to the future success of new recruits.Since this is early access, they are still working on balancing issues, and sometimes bugs pop up (I've encountered them mostly while using skill books), but the game plays very well and is very fun."
76561198049934592,Recommended,288120,17196664,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Spacehamster,"[I'm only posting a review to add a positive recommendation, so I won't go into detail.]Dungeonmans feels alot like ToME, but imo both games have their own specialities. I think it's safe to say that if you like ToME, you'll like this too (and vice versa)."
,Recommended,288120,26975410,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xraygoggles,"A roguelike bursting with heart from every seam. Frequently updated, and often hilarious. Dungeonmans manages to bring a fluidity to turn based gaming that has to be seen to be believed."
76561198041800800,Recommended,288120,12940938,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Reayn,Excellent rogue-lite. SImple but addictive gameplay. Excited to see how the final product will turn out -
,Recommended,288120,26992014,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crimbo,"Humorous and easy to get into with some really nice spritework and a chill soundtrack. Good for people new to roguelikes or veteran players, it's a fun game all around."
76561198019788935,Recommended,288120,29514791,Posted: 26 January,all,chrishax,"fantastic execution of oldschool turn based dungeon crawl. Game balance, subtle mechanics and great 'level' design make this the best of its kind I have played in 30 years of gaming (old fart ic)"
76561198067245660,Recommended,288120,13315965,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,🍄 ᑕнΔяℓuттє 🍄,I would like to complain about the crack nature of this video game.  Please stop infiltrating my brain and make me want to play you again and again and get punished all the time? K thanks. aka recommend
76561198028267787,Recommended,288120,33097711,Posted: 1 July,all,qestwriter,A great roguelike that doesn't take its self seriously. And that humor with help smooth over the salt of your many deaths.
76561198013292982,Not Recommended,288120,33393397,Posted: 8 July,all,Bobinhedgeorge,"This is a very unforgiving dungeon crawler with a diverse skill tree and rewarding gameplay. I have enjoyed the game thoroughly except for that fact that I can put in hours and hours into a character and then a game-breaking event bug kills my character without any chance for redeption (Foomwarden 1hp and then it's his turn = dead, Horseless Headsmen event can also bug and kill you instantly). Aside from event-related bugs it has been worth every moment but permadeath with events that kill your character no matter what you do greatly deters me from wanting to play. You can try to workaround the permadeath if you are able to find and back up your save file."
,Recommended,288120,27255927,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,|AG|JasTiger<Iowa State>,"A hidden gem. If you have time to kill and a love for hilarious dungeon smashing, pick up this game!"
76561198018757869,Recommended,288120,29393448,Posted: 21 January,all,HuntingU,"Awesome game, the dev even watched my live stream once, and was open to changes. pritty cool."
,Recommended,288120,13323046,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,mukyuuuu,"Отличный модерновый рогалик. Хватает как классических элементов типа пермасмерти, рандомных уровней, тактических боев, тонн разнообразного лута, YASD и т.д., так и современных нововведений вроде прокачки базы и стартовых параметров героя (что-то вроде Rogue Legacy; в данном случае со временем позволяет избегать наскучивших стартовых данжей). Боевка очень динамичная, во многом за счет уникальных скиллов, которые не просто добавляют плюсики к резисту, а позволяют дэшиться, отпрыгивать от врагов и вообще творить всякие интересные вещи.Короче, пока все весьма хорошо. Игра стоит своих денег, в отличие от тонн ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а с прилепленной пермасмертью и генережкой уровней, которые сейчас модно обзывать ""rogue-like"" и выливать в стим за 10 долларов."
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,288120,14036153,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Nathaniel Prime,"Interesting concept and good humor, but this game was released in a buggy and obviously unfinished state. Balance is poor, the amount of new stuff to discover runs out long before the end of the game, leaving a boring grind. I finished this game, but only because of the obligation I felt to end what I started."
76561198061706758,Recommended,288120,28756655,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Soy,Good funny roguelike. Lot better than dungeons of dredmor.
,Recommended,288120,22447149,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DMJohn0X,Best Rogue-like I've ever played.
76561197985463833,Not Recommended,288120,19897943,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jezebeau,"On the one hand, I like that the game doesn't put carry limits on me, so I don't spend 20% of the time on inventory management.On the other hand, bosses at the bottom of dungeons full of creatures that I kill in one hit will kill me in one hit."
,Recommended,288120,10304543,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,› Doip,Raised a mighty dungeonmans from a lowly dungeonlads only to have his glorious life snuffed by a wayward bolt of foom. 11/10 would dungeonmans again.
,Recommended,288120,10408667,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Inspector Spacetime,The mans you are dungeon that goes and killes the enemans and you have shelid with blocking to stop the ggrievours injurys frm getting your mans in bad helath. The sorcery power and dungeon cave is very black to night with no mans help save you mans. It's almost for the mans good to be dungeon school where you mans learn and recreat adventur times in duguon with mans new.
76561197987103121,Recommended,288120,28291362,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Subterfudge,"Can't say I ever was on the Rogue game bandwagon back in the day, so my opinion isn't influenced by nostlagia and characters being represented by @ so much in this genre. With that being said, it is by far my favorite ""rogue-esque"" game, which i won't lie by saying I've played many of.Simplistic controls and interface in comparison to alot of its kind, while still being very difficult. It takes itself very not seriously, while still being a serious game with alot of depth. It makes a very good gateway into the more eyerolling hardcore rogue style games (♥♥♥♥ the term roguelike). Doesn't require much of a time investment, and if a dude dies, its always a fun adventure trying to loot his crap so your current guy gets stronger, or to avenge his death or whatever. Bonus points on being able to essentially make your characters gender into ""who goddamn cares"", which has no effect on gameplay.They weren't a real dungeonmans anyway..."
,Recommended,288120,10416713,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Dan the Man,"A solid game for lovers of the genre, but very -very- far from a finished product indeed.Almost everything needs finishing. Graphics, balancing, classes, content-- well, you get the idea.If you like this kind of genre, however, you'll find more than enough content and things to keep you busy. Classes and abilities are pretty interesting, and there's lots to explore and do, and an Academy to upgrade. Permanent Death is a factor, but working for future generations of heroes keeps a steady progress to the game.If you don't mind playing a game in it's earliest alpha stages, because you love the genre, get it. If you're looking for a solid RPG/Roguelike, wait for the game to fully develop."
76561198010401580,Recommended,288120,13516463,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,davli,"Better than any other RPG at the moment - wow, just wow"
76561198032121748,Recommended,288120,13779499,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,garthelious,"Good old fashioned true roguelike. I like the persistent academy, which encourages gameplay in order to benefit future characters indirectly. The interface is easy to use and the game is interesting enough to hold my attention."
76561198008534531,Recommended,288120,15177672,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,zonemagorgo,two large medium pizzasmans
76561198064609803,Not Recommended,288120,20922463,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Drake,"I have played this game for almost 55 hours and, how can i answer to a question Do you recommend this game with NO?Well there’s only ONE major reason, which made me answer this way.Long story: I used one save for more then 40+ hours, I was playing game enjoying it. When suddenly I got an error the game stopped (closed) and popped a window the so called crash report which says if you have any bugs explain them leave email and we will contact you or something very similar to that.At first I didn’t care too much. What’s the worst your level 13 + is dead? Although he was not in any danger. Yeah that would be bad but not bad as this. I tried to load my save (city ) it says load my lvl 13 dungeonman (The 1st floor of the Villains of grimsly trail) around x5 times+ I got crash! The same window appeared with crash report and there’s nothing you can do about it. I tried searching internet to try and find a fix it, I even posted in dungeonman steam bug discussion this problem, and you can find it at page 55 if someone is interested. But no luck I did not get an answer on how to fix this game (save). Don’t get me wrong I did send my problem in the crash report with email 4 or more times. Once every week, but developer did not contact me.I can start a new city but what is the point? To play and farm some good gear and maybe again get this problem. That’s not fun, If any game (fighting, RPG, rouge like, driving, simulator etc. had this problem I would not recommend it!)This game has smaller much smaller bugs (problems), but many people continue playing this game because they didn’t experience this problem. Or maybe they didn’t get Salty as me.If I didn’t experience this bug (problem ignoring from developer or his team I would have posted amazingly good review and would recommend to play this game. I mean what’s the point of the crash report, forum etc if you will not try and help people to solve something like this. More than 4 months passed did I get an answer on how to fix this bug? NO.If you wisit their official website when was the last bug fix, update for a game?25.09.2015"
76561198012067179,Not Recommended,288120,24088056,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,jorgonq,"This game has so much potential and yet... ugh. It starts out with character creation. If you don't like your stat options you can discard your character but never use that name again. Really? Thats just silly. The combat itself starts out easy, you should be able to roll through the dungeon a-ok. After that though, this game falls into the trap that so many do. The difficulty scales very sharply and if you don't nail your build you die. Another failing of this game, like so many like it, all it takes is one lucky crit from an enemy and everything goes down hill. This game was fun for a few hours but no more. Glad I bought it on sale."
76561198042890140,Recommended,288120,18943922,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,SFF,"After over 8 hours of play, I can safely say that Dungeonmans has joined Binding of Isaac, Dredmor and The Pit as one of my top roguelikes on Steam.  Gorgeous graphics, gorgeous music, challenging, rewarding gameplay, and great comedy everywhere.  You will die a LOT, but like all great roguelikes, each death makes you stronger, and you feel pushed to better yourself and do better next time.  And when you finally, FINALLY beat that one dungeon/boss that's been killing you over and over, there is nothing more satisfying.Any roguelike fan owes it to themselves to check out Dungeonmans!"
,Recommended,288120,20738454,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,slayerjerman,So good.
76561197990923641,Recommended,288120,15819159,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Frumpy Momoi,Love it!
76561198015271361,Recommended,288120,13916487,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,narskie,Great rougelike!  The academy part of the game really adds to the fun since you don't feel like a dead character is a total loss.
76561198029048189,Recommended,288120,13966389,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dice,"I've played about 20 hours of this game. I like rogue-likes, this one allows you to build upon your previous failures even going so far as allowing you to collect your ghost gear and save it. I love this game. Well I havent gotten tired of it."
76561198136581388,Recommended,288120,14010420,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Zapajo,"Fun turn based RPG, permadeath not so fun tho"
,Recommended,288120,14024702,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Virtual_Madness,A rare true rogue game! Highly addictiveTons of replay valueWill last you hundreds of hoursWhy arent you playing this yet?
76561197992551537,Recommended,288120,14099492,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Statique,"...and so it was that Kite Fathom, after a long line of Dungeonmans, finally felt like a true dungeonmaster. After years of ardous training and lonesome dungeoning he could finally feel free to travel the world with it's many dangers. Even the somewhat tougher dungeons didn't seem to fase Kite in the least and he felt comfortable to scour them for the secret treasures they held.And then he found a secret passageway, hopefully leading to unknown riches...And then he found a foul dark knight, waiting to smash Kite's dreams...And then he found DEATHDEAD!!! DEADEST!!! NOT AGAIN!!! AAARGGGHHHHOh well, as the keeper of my forefathers statues cheerfully points out:""11th time's the charm!""10/10"
,Recommended,288120,12191998,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Dagrelite,"The game is great in its current state, and continues to get better every week!"
,Recommended,288120,13071267,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Mo-Man-7,"Dungeonmans is just the very basics of what is needed for a rogue-like game to work. If you are looking for flashy visuals and special effects, a game that looks like a movie and plays like one, too, or one with a definite ending, this is not for you. But as far as rogue-like games go, this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Definitely get it!"
76561198038349595,Recommended,288120,13318114,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Taco with a splash of chilli,Getting wrecked by monsters while you're resting at lvl 10 and 5 hours of gameplay.. WELP LETS GO AGAIN !
76561197967451608,Recommended,288120,13324216,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,WeeZy,"This game is awesome! I play all sorts of rogue and rogue lite games, and I mus stay that this one is very good. It is extremely hard and has a bit of a learning curve. After about my 12th attempt I started to get the hang of it.Being a rogue lite, it has permanent death, but you can pass off some things off to different character like legendary weapons and stat boosts. I have no idea if the game is possible to beat on a first attempt, but I certainly don't think I could.Games it reminds me of: Tales of Maj'eyal, Nethack, Sword of the Stars the Pit (but much better IMO)."
76561197976544465,Recommended,288120,13325124,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,JimboEz,"Honsetly games don't get much better these days. They do get better but not by much. These are dark days.My best run is by a hero named Farts. She will be remembered forever in the Hero academy Memorial of pooptown.Easy to play hard to win, made me cry. Start over on death, but there is a base to develop so I have that. Too many consumables to name. Huge inventory, exactly what I wanted out of a game. More content will be sweet 11/10+easy to play+balanced+no set path+go as fast as you want to or can-no coop"
,Recommended,288120,13325657,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Xaintrix,"As a big fan of roguelikes/dungeon crawl games, Dungeonmans is a solid addition to my collection.  For a bit of background, I have played quite a bit of the genre from the original Rogue and own Tales of Maj'Eyal, Dungeons of Dredmore, etc.  I bought this for full retail price, and at the time of this review have 14 hours completed over 4 characters.  So why was this worth my $14.99?Streamlined Gameplay:  Dungeonmans provides a streamlined experience with lower barriers to entry than most other games in the genre.   With about 75 skills spread over 8 or so categories you can mix and match your build to your tastes.  While fewer than Dredmore and ToME, I was easily able to understand each category quickly while providing enough flexibility to create interesting decisions during my character progression.   Another great feature is the ability to autocomplete dungeons (with a nice jackpot of loot) that would be of trivial difficulty to your character.  This cuts down the grinding a great deal.Permadeath and the University:  Yes this game features permanent character death, but unlike most games in the genre Dungeonmans has your core base of operations: the University.  The University contains lots of fun *persistent* features that allows your next run to be that much easier.  These include autoidentification, bonuses to your starting equipment, additional mob information, and free stat boosts.  This greatly cuts down on the intimidation factor since you know each successive run you'll be just that much stronger and wiser.Sense of Humor:  This is hard to describe without experiencing it yourself, but this game has a cheeky sense of humor that I appreciate.  The main tips area in your University is literally a Wall of Text.Accessible Developers:  If you couldn't tell by the discussion responses, the developers care about their product enough to invest their time to address issues, concerns, and even thank those that are enjoying their experience.  I have seen one even visiting Twitch streams providing advice and support.   I would take a dozen developers like this over a Triple A company that puts out a broken and unsupported product.Value:  With so many games left unplayed, I started to valuate my future purchase differently.  How much per entertainment hour would I get?  Honestly I can't answer that question for you.  What I can say is that I am at nearly $1 per entertainment hour and the value is only getting better with every playthrough."
,Recommended,288120,13335964,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ZauberWeiner,A good and fun game. Reasonably priced. A soild buy if you like the genre.
,Recommended,288120,13344056,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Sephnroth,"This is some seriously polished classic dungeon adventuring. For the most part it's traditional rogue-like fare, the few places where twists have been added work really well and only serve to improve the experience. There does not seem to be any of the more hardcore elements of some rogues (like hunger, involved sound/smell, etc) but the game still provides a rich, deep game play that is fairly quick and fun to jump into but involved enough to capture you for a LONG time as you experiment with different types of characters and strategies in an attempt to just not die.The end result is a well balanced game that people new to this type of genre may find a little more ""easy access"" than some other offerings with various input options (that ""just work"" when you use them) to control your character and an easy to read/understand interface but enough complexity (and traditional rogue controls if you already know them!) and depth to keep those of us more experienced hooked for.. a long time. Just look at the play times listed for the other reviews. Great $/hr value!Finally then: expect a world map you traverse to get between dungeons and towns, expect several varieties of dungeon (warrens, dungeons, crypts, temples, towers, etc) each with their own little twists, a ""spend points where you want"" skill tree, potions and scrolls to identify, loot galore and equipment (potentially cursed or magical or plain), champion monsters and dungeon bosses. The rest go discover yourself :)ps: art is lush and music is awesome."
76561197969687669,Recommended,288120,13351997,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Scelous,"I really like Dungeonmans, and I do recommend it.  However, I find myself always choosing other roguelikes over Dungeonmans due to a totally unfair factor: more content.Dungeonmans feels like it has very few abilities and character options, which makes sense since it just came out.  But if I find myself wanting to play a vampire assassin, or a troll monk, or a spriggan priest, then I turn to Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.I really like the persistent academy that Dungeonmans has, and I look forward to more character options.  As for now, though, I find DCSS more addicting."
76561197984672943,Recommended,288120,13361189,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Lokain,"TLDR It’s a great game, worth the full price it’s asking.I’m really surprised how much time I’ve been investing on this. I love the sound design and how much it adds weight to otherwise lifeless sprite animations.Music is awesome; it really reminds me of old JRPG’s.The skill tree is numerous and diverse enough for a hefty amount of reply value.My only grip right now is sprites, I want more sprites… I wouldn’t mind a DLC for sprites"
76561197968883166,Recommended,288120,13363776,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,tony.giov,"I've played this for about 90 minutes. I like it way more than Diablo III. I think you would, too."
76561197986543956,Recommended,288120,13302639,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,BlueDragonXD,"This game is mean. You create a Hero, you watch your hero grow as you murder your way across the globe and collect tons of loot. Just when you feel safe, over confident or things seem to be going your way.... BAM!!! You learn life is cruel and you watch the charachter you grew to love die. But then it all starts over again. Each time it becomes more personal as you advenge your legacy. I'm only an hour in and I love this game. But if you don't want to play a game were your going to die. Then put this one down now. But if you don't want to play a game where your going to die. Please go play angry birds."
,Recommended,288120,28227770,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kross,"Under constant development, extremely responsive to feedback, tactical monster smashing refined with years of love."
,Recommended,288120,26795724,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tanreall,If you enjoy roguelikes than this is one of the best right now.
76561198005590580,Recommended,288120,26911914,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ormtnman,"I bought this game thinking ""this looks like a fun time sink"".Oh man was that an understatement.  After many hours of killing and frustration.  I find that I cannot stop playing.While you will die often each character you make adds a little bit to your academy and makes each subsequent dungeonmans last a bit longer.So far I've gotten a lvl 12 dungeonmans and it was a long hard process.  You need to pay attention to your health,  mana,  potions and scrolls or you will die quicker.It is good mindless (but very much not mindless) fun with a good,  dark sense of humor.  ""Well you know what they say,  14th times a charm"". You'll see.Buy it"
,Recommended,288120,26917913,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Mango Grids,"One of the more interesting rogue-likes I've played. It offers a different feel from some of my other favorites (Tales of Maj Eyal, Dungeon Crawl, etc.) that I come back to it fairly often.If you like the genre, you should give it a try as it's one of the better ones on steam. It has a good use of powers and each one feels impactful. The biggest con is the early game, which can feel very slow especially after you've upgraded your academy. This is a rather common issue with most rogue-likes however."
76561197963397989,Recommended,288120,26194936,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kyrandos,"Excellent roguelike for those new to the Rogue Genre. It's hard, but it's supposed to be. Actively developed, content complete, and easy to play for short or long bursts."
76561198027874005,Recommended,288120,26928641,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PavlovGW,There's a lot of variety and depth to a game that's so tongue-in-cheek.
,Recommended,288120,24081422,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,elibrmn,"Please send help, monsters are all over the place and everyone is in danger, oh wait, that's my job. Time to go kick♥♥♥♥♥(and die horribly)"
,Recommended,288120,13629759,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DiGGiTY dan,Must....go...deeper....
,Recommended,288120,14327986,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,MrMuddie,Awesome :D
76561197994798823,Recommended,288120,28581691,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Hyrad,"This is a great little rogue like game with persistent elements. Really rewarding and addicting. I'm way past my bed hour. Lots of neat little elements. I like the fact that its easy to learn, but there's a lot of depth there and it's fun to use your skills and items to their fullest extent to keep leveling up and surviving."
76561198252120974,Recommended,288120,28489658,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dun_Scaith,"When I send all the Dungeonmans to The Isle of Ill Omans to become heromans, I can't help but feel like it is a better game than the one with ye olde Trastrim made by the Blizzardmans."
,Recommended,288120,25349252,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,MAJOR wager,Never played roguelikes; I think I chose a good one.  10/10 would be eaten by Triger again.
,Recommended,288120,15029974,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,trojanwarlord,"Addictive little dungeon crawler with a little bit more. This quick tiering rogue-like fantasy game is a good time buster that'll get you hooked in minutes. I have a lot of fun with this game, but I can only play it when I can zone the day away. Pretty hard to put down... until you die of course."
76561198004433561,Recommended,288120,15807685,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,TheWashableBomb,"Pretty neat.Doesn't seem to be many abilities. Fun though. There is this system where you help out the characters who will come after you (extra gear, instant identification, etc).I wish it had a little more.... complicated things (way more abilities, more monsters, etc). I think they were going for simple, though. I can appreciate that."
76561198005894566,Recommended,288120,16046317,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,BoxingBud,"A very good time!I'm not entirely sold on roguelikes and permadeath, but Dungeonmans makes it work! There's still some effort to what you accomplish as one hero that will improve the chances of survival to the next. Also the game is more ""classless"" than most roguelikes in that you can chose from any type of skills upon level up. Started as a mage but want to wield a sword or heavy armor? Sure, just invest at level up. Well place humor laces the game through item names, description, plot and skill names and descriptions.Also you can make your own sprites! Good times!I feel that if you like Rogulikes and some lighter elements you'll have a good time."
,Recommended,288120,32349406,Posted: 11 June,all,midnightShade29,"I have been playing roguelikes for years now, since the 80s. I am constantly looking for new rougelikes that combine new content, ideas, and fun, but not be a slog to play, and still be turn-based and have enough depth to be an actual roguelike and not a rougelite. Tome4, The pit, DCSS, Dungeons of Dreadmore all fit the bill but dungeonmans is another level of awesome.It retains the depth of old rougelikes but has new class , or make your own class system, mixed with tons of loot and an ever staying overworld system. It's also a fun and fast past but still turn based. The graphics are great for a tile based title.Highly Recommended!Oh the devs are still active too!"
,Recommended,288120,32897922,Posted: 27 June,all,Ranen,"If you like ToME, you'll probably love this game. It is fun, challenging, and the grittiest of fights tend to feel like mentally taxing, puzzling, hardcore strategy moments, and these come very frequently. Many ways to play, extreme replay value, lovable game. Above all else, the most amazing humor that is in on its own joke of extreme masculinity."
,Recommended,288120,27943692,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Moose,Funny lolz
76561197970541127,Recommended,288120,33256323,Posted: 4 July,all,Kellis,Enjoyable.  Particularly like the mechanics of how later Dungeonmans profit from the successes of earlier one.
,Recommended,288120,21116779,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,tito dick dickman baby,veri kool game hope they will keep updateing it because ive seen no updates for a long time and maybe workshop with mods i dunno its ok
,Recommended,288120,29499112,Posted: 26 January,all,Absadab,Underrated Masterpiece
,Recommended,288120,10294702,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Ruazihtlab,"Don't let the appearance fool you, it's rough around the edges but shows a lot of promise. Can't wait to see how the accademy is expanded upon and how much more enjoyable it will be with a smooth UI. Have fun thinking up names for your characters once that graveyard starts to see a little use."
76561198050832089,Recommended,288120,10311709,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Banezilla,"i was never a big fan of rouge games untill i stated playing Tome, and then i spot this gem. love the humor and graphics are great. seeing your acdemy grow and your grave yard too is priceless."
76561198008646871,Recommended,288120,10338741,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,EmoEwok,"Very simple surface but with a strong tactical component underneath making this a worth while rougelike. I usely hate rouguelikes but the persistant elements of growing your academy and collecting/storging items and experience from your past dead dungeonmans is very awarding. Delightful bits of humor thrown in there as well.There are most definitely some rough edges in the buggy UI, unbalanced dungeons, and incomplete academy but nothing game breaking which is a pass for me. I think once these problems get solves this will be a very solid game. The beauty is that things like balancing issues and a need for additional creative content are only going to be discovered by players and their feedback, so buy this and get dungeoning!"
76561198096867412,Recommended,288120,10338803,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Lomek,"This is indeed an outstanding roguelike - all the classic elements are here, revitalized with new ideas (very interesting take on meta-progression), tons of humor and tight gameplay centered on challenging tactical combat. The game is in early access as i write this, but is already very playable. 100% must buy for any roguelike fan, thats just it."
76561197993867132,Recommended,288120,10341801,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,FoxyZen,"Excellent game, even in Early Access. Game play element blend together perfectly. Leveling up your academy, local ltowns, even as your characters die keeps you wanting more. Reminds me alot of Rogue Legecy's system.. End game isnt completely finished, but is still very challenging, and you'll probably not finish it by the time they update it further as the difficuly ramps up nicely.Writing is hilarious, and even some jokes at their own expense make the missing elements forgivable; and make you look forward to them; rather than frustrated at the wait.Combat, leveling, and monster difficuly are pretty much spot on and finished. Much better than games fully completed!Issues:1. Needs lots of work on towns upgrade system. It is interesting, but is very simple and straight forward. If they expanded out the towns (as well as a significant amount to the academy) this could be a real gem, and potentially one of my favorite games.2. Lots of flavor-text missing on stats/items/abilities. You quickly figure out the important stuff, but a large portion of info is missing. They clearly went with quality rather than quantity as the finished writing is very clear and often funny.Overall: Worth the price now, and if updates continue, then this could be a amazing game"
76561198061357567,Recommended,288120,10376342,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,nathang2426,Great up and coming rougelike. Cant wait to see what else is in store for this game as it grows in alpha and towards its full release.
,Recommended,288120,10454286,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,BearsGoRawr,One of the better indie roguelike games available on Steam.  Large world to explore and plenty of challenging dungeons to keep you busy.  Great old school RPG feel to it!
76561198052986429,Recommended,288120,11073758,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,laughing_spector,"This game is a great game and will get better as it goes. Of course there are still some kinks to work out. But the life after life lets you develop your next character even more then the first one. Several classes to choose from or just make your own to journey onwards, it is up to you. Turn based RPG, with tons of deviations to go for. Journey on a land you name. Level and get more skilled and stronger. Definately recommend to those who dont have time for long games. I enjoyed this game and still do."
76561198023003091,Recommended,288120,25535918,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Pid,"This is a fresh restart on roguelike, and I like it a lot.I've just played several fightermens and a rangermans, but it's already clear to me that it will take a very long time before I switch to other classes, I'm already having tons of fun.It's straightforward, there are some kinks to read about and to get used to, but they're minor and after a short while give the game a special feeling.What I don't like so much are the flat skill trees. Instead of a deep skill tree per class, you have a 6 or 9 skill tree (3 skills per line, 2 or 3 lines). As far as I can tell the idea behind this is that at some point you mix and match with skills of the other classes, which are weaker when played by a foreign class. I can't confirm this yet, but if it's the case then there's a lot of variety and combinations to try out.I whish there were more avatars and gear would actually show on them."
,Recommended,288120,13937150,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,wickjames,Cool game.
,Recommended,288120,30932069,Posted: 3 April,all,atomikkrab,Dungeonmans! you will never sleep Dungeonmans! his prices are never steep! DUNGEON MANS
76561197979099756,Recommended,288120,16219433,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,JazzyJet,I can't get enough of this game!
,Recommended,288120,26220189,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,sambair,"An interesting roguelike. Still has some annoying bugs, but worth checking out if you're a fan of the genre."
,Not Recommended,288120,25470402,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,gr8stalin's mustache!,"It looks great, but the gameplay's not great.The art assets (graphics, sound) are great and most of the lines are pretty enjoyable and cheeky. The core roguelike gameplay is there, but the unique part of it sucks; progression shouldn't be measured by how OP your academy is but by how far you go based on your accumulated general knowledge like pretty much every other game in the ""true roguelike"" family. Mix this with the fact that if you follow the ONE guide that's been published for Dungeonmans on its community hub, you'll pretty much be set for the entire game.When I die in $TraditionalRoguelike (ADOM, Tales of Maj'Eyal, Dungeons of Dredmor, etc), I learn how far I can push in any given direction with the build I'm running. When I die in Dungeonmans, it's a totally whatever moment if I'm skilling in the direction I want so the NEXT character can go until they drop.Overall the game just rubs me the wrong way; it doesn't fit the ""true roguelike"" label because of how the academy works, it's pretty rigid build-wise, it's a boss-slaying simulator without an end goal (even one as simple as ""defeat the lich overlord), and there's no hook that makes me want to keep playing."
,Not Recommended,288120,32304234,Posted: 9 June,all,KoT,"There is impossible to change in game resolution, Text is so smal and unreadable for me. Developers can't hekp us with this problem, so I've made refund and don't recommend it ."
,Recommended,288120,18712017,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Jagermaestro,"TL:DRAn excellent use of persistence, humor and difficulty with a nice fast paced combat that makes play-throughs seem breezy. It’s not perfect, but it’s very well done. Would love to see more content drop on this game, as I have seen little over the course of owning it.  The pros far outweigh the cons, and don’t kill the satisfaction you get from the game.Pros:Humor is genuinely funny, which I find to be rare in a game. Perhaps not always the safest humor, but it’s definitely to my taste.Combat is quick and easy to execute with the num pad or mouse which can be both a boon and a curse as the game does require some critical thinking with little room for error in its tightest situations.Persistence is done well because the game is satisfying even in a losing scenario. Yes the game is not really feasible to beat in 1-2 or 3 play-throughs, but you’re playing a rogue-lite-like-“worst descriptor for a game ever”. You’re playing a difficult game with perma-death streamlined for quick play… how about that. Why do you need to feel like its fair right from the get go? Because you thought you were King The-best-at-games? If you can get past your own hubris, then playing each run to the best of your ability and feeling like you took home a doggy bag of treats for the next run feels far better in a game that was designed to be played more than once through. Sure you can just hump through the game like an idiot and probably accrue enough power to steamroll as well, but to each their own. This game allows you to get out of it what you put in.Going to jump back on persistence here, because this is really what the hook is on this game. Having famous bosses and dungeons that killed your characters grow in fame is pretty satisfying. Going to a boss that killed 2 or 3 of your characters feels like there is cross play-through narrative and gives some context to a pretty random world. Statues in towns you upgraded with champions throws some history into the mix. Overall I would say this does an even better job at rewarding persistence than the Dungeonmans HQ even does.Cons:Heavy reliance on character displacement as the key to difficulty, which can create some frustrating deaths.  There are definitely ways around this, I simply wish it wasn’t so heavily relied on is all.  It’s the single most necessary to mitigate creature ability, which exacerbates the next con on the list.Character development skill trees could have been a bit more diverse. There are a lot of skills, but maybe not as many as there should be designed around certain characters archetypes. It’s a bit like the game is more designed around armor and weapon as an archetype than skillsets as an archetype. You’ll probably grab wizard skills as a warrior. Hell you will probably be a wizard and necromancer. But the question is really will you use light, medium or heavy armor or dual wield, sword and board, staff, bow or lance. I know that sounds nit-picky given that that’s a huge number of combinations with just those two variables, but I would have liked more non-equipment based paths to travel.Your base of operations progression is pretty vanilla. It would have been nice to see more varied artifacts being brought in to the mix with more variety in bonuses across play-throughs through the HQ. I know it’s not a management game, but accruing marks of Stremf and storing the odd piece of equipment does feel a little lack luster. Less of a con and more of a missed opportunity.RNG doesn’t bring a huge amount to the table here other than dungeon layout, and even that isn’t really noticeable. There aren’t a huge amount of unique objects that you feel special seeing that aren’t equipment based. It facilitates replay, but doesn’t enhance it. Rarely do I feel RNG is implemented well, though, so I suppose take this with a grain of salt. I believe RNG should be used to add to narrative, and in this case the persistence takes its place effectively. Again, less of a con and more of a missed opportunity."
76561197968087699,Not Recommended,288120,14312740,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Scrow,"Despite the game being the kind of game i usually love, its awfully hard to get over the lack of basic pathing when it comes to controlling your hero with the mouse(i.e. if you click to walk somewhere and any obstacle is blocking the most direct path, your hero just walks up to the obstacle and stands there like an idiot... you must manually control the hero to walk around any obstacles between you and where you are going)Its so basic its crazy its missing, almost like ive gone to see a movie i thought looked sweet but then when i got there i found out it was a stage play and the star was a doofus wearing a blindfold who had to be yelled instructions from the audience to forward the plot - the content becomes irrelevant because the experience is tedious.If you'd prefer to control your hero with the keyboard every single tile of the way then great!But I think from what ive seen and at its current price...  i would not recommend this game to friends until there was at least a patch to add pathing to hero move orders given with the mouse... sidestepping props every step of the way really takes me out of the game."
,Recommended,288120,10394114,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Fantastic game overall. Humor is really well done, as is the interface and artwork. This game has SO MUCH potential to become what ToME is/was for many loyal fans. At $10 bucks (at time of this review), this is well-worth the price. I have already almost put in 20 hours worth and have not exhausted everything there is to offer.What needs to happen now is rapid expansion. As an example, right now there are like only two rings in the game. The infrastructure is in place, the devs just have to add lots more content.Overall, I am really excited for this games future."
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,288120,17303812,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Asses of Fire,"Ok so Dungeonmans is a difficult game to review for me.  Yes, it is nostalgic.  Yes it is fun..sort of.  Yes if you enjoy hard games for no reason due to randomness then you will again enjoy Dungeonmans.  However, after about 7 hours of gameplay, you will notice what the developers want of you.  You are supposed to die, alot.  Hopefully with each death, you earned some symbols of strempf to turn back into the academy or you will get nowhere. Those symbols allow you to boost your stats and the subsequent stats of your future heroe's.My issue with this, is that the map never changes, unless you opt to do that and lose the chance to find  your previous heroe's gear on the map.  The dungeons are always the same once the map is generated.  Yet sometimes you will encounter the boss mob in the dungeon and think you'll wipe the floor with him only to die in 3 hits because the game spawned an extra hard boss.  You will be completely decimating the dungeon, only to die quickly to the boss.  This has happened to me several times and is very frustrating.At least have some consistency game, so I can enjoy myself after spending 3 hours with one hero."
,Recommended,288120,25020575,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,swiftndeed,awsom game much content much fun much deaths lol
,Recommended,288120,13279326,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Celtix,This game is as close to the original Rogue-like I have ever played.  10/10 well worth the money!
76561198158938940,Recommended,288120,31732918,Posted: 13 May,all,Ltm1900,Neat
76561198044006471,Recommended,288120,22237583,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,HateSoldier,.
,Recommended,288120,28501274,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,rotiking(warg),Probably the best roguelike with good graphics.
76561198108064376,Recommended,288120,18209692,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mordant,needs more romance options but its ok as is
76561198041091179,Not Recommended,288120,22695552,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Daivahataka,"Gets dull quickly and most of the loot just seems pointless, even the rare bit of stuff for the university. You spend most of your time having no problem killing individual spawns but then suddenly a champion with about 6-8 other enemies spawns, pulls you towards it, the other block you in and you're ******.They really need to fix the balence to either make it so that the spawn behavior is more stable, not ages of easy spawns then a sudden impossible one, or they need to remove the enemy's ability to pull you towards them so at least you can flee when that happens and come back later.The game also desperately needs to make it easier for you to exit the dungeons without having to travel between the various stairwells. Even in the first release of Diablo they realized to make town portal scrolls as common as muck, how come this lesson escaped the creators of this game? Travel is borrrrringgggg!!!!Unfortunately the 2 problem amplify one another since the risk of overpowered swarms means that you need a proper way to offload the loot, without this you lose a lot more progress when your character gets ganked.I'd suggest giving Rogue Legacy a try instead, similar concept albeit a platformer/dungeon crawler instead of top-down dungeon crawler. it has a more stable difficulty within individual areas though the luck element to finding new blueprints to improve your character can get frustrating."
,Not Recommended,288120,29908809,Posted: 13 February,all,larsmikki,"The idea is good, but the excecution is really bad. Have played for a few hours and now crashing everytime I move on the world map. Have encountered many bugs and crashes, so whatever ideas that were behind this game, you will most likely not experience. More buggy then most Early Access games I've tried."
,Recommended,288120,10340882,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,jackfool,Pretty cool roguelike
76561198040457997,Not Recommended,288120,24121160,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Keemossi,"Tedious to play, no autoexplore, nearly all enemies are popcorn save the few that will two-shot you. Playing with Academy you can grind any amount of stats and power to faceroll through the game, it's not even a roguelike. Playing without Academy, it's a really buggy (just try the unarmed skills!), unbalanced and clunky roguelike that still allows you to grind however long and much you want, with no food clock and infinite sources of loot.On the bright side, it's still better than Dredmor (*anything* is), and writing's rather funny."
76561198025031225,Not Recommended,288120,32379570,Posted: 12 June,all,Axeking,"I really like this game. It is a lot of fun to play WHEN it works...I keep getting weird crashes the essentially kill the game. Most recent, I got into a battle in the forest, as soonas I get to the battle screen it becomes non-responsive, eventually crashing to desktop (at least no BSD...).Unfortunately, when this happens, that save game is toast - you can't get past the battle, and reloading the game takes you immediately back into the battle. (5 hours palytime gone...)Willing to revise to recommend if it is ever patched to be playable without game breaking bugs."
,Not Recommended,288120,30928202,Posted: 3 April,all,Villy the Wet,"Many bugs and very unpolished - I was dissapointed by this.Nevertheless, the game is fun and very original.If you like Rogue-like RPGs and have enough money, I would recommend to try it out.If you don't have a lot of money, I would perhaps invest it in a more fully developed game."
76561198066784627,Recommended,288120,10304518,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,neoman320,how do you identify items?
76561198007683294,Recommended,288120,25699950,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,NeonHaggis,This game is unfunny.Not really - fun game great dev.Some behind-the-game info here at a recent dev conference:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiaLUbW1Brg
76561198010360964,Recommended,288120,15883462,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Rexxy,"This game is amazing. If you like action packed games that still require you to think and/or if you like roguelikes you should definitely try itDungeonmans is a roguelike with mechanics that feel both unique and classical and the world has a very satisfying sense of permanence, even though your own characters will inevitably die repeatedly in their quests to rid the land of evil. Characters have free reign to choose any abilities the game has to build them. There's tons of things to discover and the game has an incredibly satisfying sense of adventure. The battles can be very very deadly and require use of tactics and consummables to survive. The writing for the quips your hero makes, as well as the funny and amazing things you will find and see is very well done and amusing. If you like a good roguelike with an emphasis on in the moment tactical decisions and a world that will show the effects your adventuring has on it, try this game."
76561197971371471,Not Recommended,288120,33125577,Posted: 2 July,all,Pierre,"The game has no resolution or scaling options, and is unplayable on larger screens due to the tiny text. I will be refunding this unfortunately."
76561198142607495,Not Recommended,288120,14263250,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,luke85,"This game could have had potential to be good. For one the gameplay and combat gets very repetitive. Character creation is a joke as stats are random and if you don't like them guess what? You can't just go back (like most intellegent games allow) and start another char with the same name for a chance to get the stats you want for the type of character your going to play because you have to pick another name. Like the academy wouldn't ever have two students with the same name. Ridiculous. Also I have never played a roguelike where you get killed so cheaply and easily. You can open a door and die instantly no matter your level. Don't waste your money and time, there are plenty of better rogelikes than this one."
,Recommended,288120,29325445,Posted: 17 January,all,Bagge,.
76561198001715017,Not Recommended,288120,16664958,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ingredients,"Game doesn't support 2560x1600 resolution. The max resolution it supports is 2048x2048, but even running the game at that resolution the font is way too small and doesn't scale properly with big monitors. If you try to stretch the game out to fullscreen on your 2560x1600 monitor it leaves a weird black border on the side of the window and has many graphical glitches."
,Not Recommended,288120,26464065,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Crunchy Gremlin,So while playing this game i cant help but feel like im wasting my gaming time. Like there are other games that do this better.There are some interesting concepts here. The ability to pass on my legacy to future characters is cool. finding the remains of my fallen compatriots and getting items made legendary by their efforts is pretty cool.Some not cool things.movement. using the mouse to move i find that the pathing is poor. it really has a had time finding a path to my mouse position that isnt nearly a straight line.also there is a tendency to bounce 1 spot away from the point i want to move to which is frustrating.those effects arent that bad but they break immersion.TOME i think is better but this game has some pretty cool novelty.
76561198199056681,Not Recommended,288120,28298218,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,curvedebris,"Dull roguelike, not worth more than a couple of bucks."
,Recommended,288120,17821651,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,pedrothedagger,"Wacky, goofy, and also really fun. Feels like a mix of roguelike and classic RPG. Fun loot. Good game!"
,Recommended,288120,17987112,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Deten,"Bought this game long time ago and I have to say its always so much fun.I have a bit of trouble with certain things, and I really want to see the base building side of things expanded upon, but the game as it is, is worth the price for hours upon hours of fun."
,Recommended,288120,16946295,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ineedbettername,"I am now Dungeonmans, thanks to Dungeonmans Academy, and you can be too.Serious Review:Dungeonmans is tons of fun. It's the kind of game that looks at the concept of an inventory limit and scoffs. There are always more zones to clear, more loot to find, more artifacts to find. In addition, the NPC towns you encounter live and die by your success or failure. The death of a Hero causes all the towns to lose a stat called Prosperity (exactly what it says on the tin), but you can bolster a town's Prosperity by donating a ""Purloined Inventory"" or 3. You get those from being a Dungeonmans and killing named/champion enemies.They also drop artifacts, which I mentioned earlier. You can turn those in back at the Academy, but here's the catch: your current run will not benefit from this in any way. It takes the Academy some time to figure out exactly what you've given them, and how to use it, but future Dungeonmans will thank you by killing lots of things presumably in your name.And that's just what I've unlocked so far."
76561198014902234,Recommended,288120,17017824,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Knighthawk1987,"""Nothing quite like a weekend of... getting killed over and over again.""I don't know whether this is old school or not but this is dificult.OK late at night so I'll give my first impressions later, however I've gone blue for a reason."
76561197965533406,Recommended,288120,18124928,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,DirtyVega,"Many hours of replayablilty with plenty of fun jokes through the game.  I've got 40+ hours into it and have no idea where the end of the (if it exists) is... This is hardcore mode with a way to scale new heroes, completly new idea and am enjoying the hell out of myself, even when some god comes out of a secret passage and stomps me in one combat round."
,Recommended,288120,16665477,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,China Shop,"Found an Academy and create your first hero.  Strike out to make a name for yourself and your Academy.  Early on, while you aren't clear on how to survive well, there will be bumps in the road and your heroes will fall -- but ""you"" are not the heroes; ""you"" are a collection of heroes, the legacy of the entire Academy, and you will lead its graduates to make it great.  Knowledge your heroes live to bring back, the Academy keeps; your graduates steadily start better and better equipped through the efforts of those who came before, perhaps even taught additional skills by adventurers past who teach at the Academy.  Choose masteries from about a dozen possible disciplines (and counting), and build the Academy inexorably until none can stand against its heroes.If you've never played a ""roguelike"", or you've never heard the term, there's a learning curve you'll find a little steep at first, but stick with it -- once you get the hang of it, the rhythm of this kind of game, it's addictive.  For those who've played a roguelike before, this is a new twist -- permadeath is totally a thing, but not ALL of you dies.This game's graphics will not rival a console AAA title (though its music might).  Gameplay is turn-based and easy to pass up based on prejudice of presentation, but you will have missed out on a gem.  Not only is it fun to play, Dungeonmans represents a new step in the development of a very, very old legacy -- older than the Internet, older than Windows and even DOS, to when a computer had one -millionth- the memory yours does now.  Dungeonmans takes a fine, sacred tradition, adds generously in personality and presentation, and offers some of the best few bucks you'll ever spend on Steam."
76561198007312610,Recommended,288120,15782853,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Martdogg3000,"This game scratches me right where I itch. It's combination of enjoyable gameplay, permadeath, and persistant upgrades that help your next character make it very satisfying. Even if you die early in a playthrough, you never feel like you're moving backwards. This is the game that I wanted Dungeons of Dredmore to be. I'm a sucker for incremental improvement, so having something to show for the time you've put in is more up my alley than starting right back at 0 like in more ""pure"" roguelikes. There are some minor annoyances, but that's to be expected in any game, and this one is still being actively updated. I look forward to playing this game more in the future and seeing where it goes."
76561198053299778,Recommended,288120,16752576,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dcravenadk,"Picked this game up on the recommendation of a friend and was truly happy that I did. The game is simple in concept but the skill options item choices really add depth. Random dungeons and encounters keep you on the edge of your seat. As an old school gamer I appreciate the difficulty that comes with suprise monsters far stronger than you, and the thrill of figuring out a way to defeat them. Not being able to reuse Character names and possibly having those characters become teachers at your academy helps you really bond with each incarnation of your hero, this also makes it very frustrating when you die but the game also gives you a chance to avenge your hero and reclaim some of their best gear. Truly and engrossing game. Now if we could just get multiplayer :P"
76561197972431515,Recommended,288120,15708547,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,This Is Fine,By far the most fun I have ever had with any sort of Roguelike game!
,Recommended,288120,15590475,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,morrae,"Lovely game! Must play for any rogue-like lover. I am having a blast here and I feel like I didn't even started properly. Fun classes and combat, outstanding progression system, great humor and easy to learn gameplay. I aboslutely love the Academy thing: it helps your progression even if you're failing miserably. Every next hero comes stronger and all thanks to the guys before him. Active developer in community and promises of more things to come! I can't recommend this enough"
,Recommended,288120,16182547,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,svero,"The skill tree is meaningful. The classes are interesting. The monster and dungeon and meta-game design are excellent. Good sense of humor as well. Just very clever all around. If you like dungeon crawlers and don't mind a game that is a little ""old school"", in terms of presentation, then you won't regret playing this."
,Recommended,288120,13626062,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ansalome,"Wow.  This game is amazingly fun!  I understand why the approval rating of this game is so high.  It is incredibly cool, funny and has plenty of skills to experiment with.  'MUST HAVE' game without a doubt."
76561198005850270,Recommended,288120,13614485,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,esrever2357,"Bought this game less than a week ago, just finished it. Loved it, burned myself out, not gonna touch it for a while.Pros:Really addictive. When your doomed or careless mans dies, you just want to do better. Immediately.It  has humour without being silly (IMO). I did not like the humour in dungeons of dredmor, I love the humour in dungeonmans.Academy is a great idea, and provides some progress from game to game, even if a bit overpowered.Loved the GUI and 'feel' of the controls.Being class-less (no rigid fighter-cleric-wizard stuff) allows many potential combos. Some are more useful than others, so there's a lot of fun (and frustration) in experimentation.Loot, monster types, skills, bosses, map types are all varied and good.Cons:Feels kind of unfinished at times. Stuff are getting fixed, but some glaring ones still remain (shield visuals not transferring from level to level, tiles being wrong at times, loot falling on unreachable places, enemies stacked together, museum monster entries being pointless to name a few)Stat stacking from death to death can create some really overpowered characters. After the death of a few lvl 10 chars, you'll have a mean killing machine that can tackle legendary places  with ease. Sounds great at first, becomes boring after a while. My winning player killed the final boss with 3 skill hits.Too few set items. In ~50 hours I found parts from only two. Several parts, more than once.Some dungeon types are too big. Combined with lack of autoexplore, they become *boring*.City functionality is underwhelming. Could do with (a lot of) improvement.Dungeon layouts could be better. Doors leading to walls for example.TLDR: Money and time well spent. Really good. Really, really good. If you like RPGs / roguelikes, I can't recommend it enough."
76561197983586525,Recommended,288120,13552329,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,raruri,"Awesome and addicting.  Have spent many hours playing thorugh this and have enjoyed every minute of it so far.,"
,Recommended,288120,13748504,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Doggo,Awesome game! Needs more content but it's the best Rogue-Like ive played yet.
76561198042869577,Recommended,288120,15591819,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,GeoRusso44,So i gotta really say that I hate the devs. This game is super adictive and fun and i have mostly been non stop playing since I got it. I have played many other rough likes and this one is one the top list. Hope other people really like this game too.Also I was jokeing about hateing the devs btw.
76561198022720658,Recommended,288120,14567487,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,rizaloo.kulianatosaro,"If you like ToME or are familiar with its gameplay, Dungeonmans is similar but different in some areas.  I might end up liking it over ToME because of it's humor, charm and accessibility.  Both are excellent, so if you've played one of the two and like it, the other is a given.I've spent about 12 hours with it (I play some steam-less so the hours played won't be accurate) and I've gotten quite far, yet I'm still surprised quite often.  I've barely explored the world map, but that's mostly due to my completely self-inflicted deaths.  I'm getting the hang of it now and the fact that you can combine any class skills together in combos makes for excellent versatility, replay and fun.  Right now, I'm playing a heavy-armor wearing ranger / necro hybrid.  It's awesome.While ToME may be rich in story / lore, Dungeonmans makes up for it in charm.  The visuals, sound and music are excellent.  I especially love the over-the-top level up screen and boss defeat animations.  This game also has some persistence; that is, if you provide your starting academy with certain items you get when completing dungeons, you'll get to assign more stat points to your future ""dungeonmans"".  You also find rare skill books, and if you'd rather not use them, donate them to your library and eventually you'll be able to start the game knowing more and more scroll effects.  Provide your armorer with loot that's been molten down and you can start your future dudes with stronger armor, weapons, etc.You have your overworld map, which is randomized and contains towns you can visit to buy/sell loot, dungeons, bandit barricades and other stuff.  Random battles rarely occur when you're on this overworld map, and you can skip most but not all.  I personally like them; they're different than your usual dungeon crawling and can have variety of enemies including champions.What's also cool is if you die in a certain dungeon, you can go to that same area / floor with your next guy and collect some XP and possibly a weapon.  It's not game breaking but it surely helps.Mouse and keyboard control work very well, but it would be nice to be able to remap the controls without delving into a text file.  Thankfully, the text file is easy to understand so remapping the entire keyboard can be done in minutes.  The file, along with Dungeonmans's savegames are located in \users\*username*\AppData\Roaming\Dungeonmans.  I think the file is keybindings.txt but if it's not, it'll be fairly obvious.In conclusion, I'm addicted to this game.  I can already tell it'll become one of my mainstay roguelikes that I can enjoy for years.  To the developer - you should port your game to the PS4 system.  It is sorely lacking in fun roguelikes, and while PC is an excellent platform, your game would be the perfect mix of difficulty, charm and fun for the console community.Well worth the full $17 I payed."
76561198016628732,Recommended,288120,14509798,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,runescience,"I own 70 games, including a whole bunch of rogue alikes, and this is the absolute best I won. I spent about 3 hours on it day. The game is easy to learn, has some good paradigms. I like them meta quest world.  the buy sell system is fantastic. The identify system is fun and easy, and not frustrating.What is not to like. This game is clearly a buy, dont hestitate. Buy!"
,Recommended,288120,14586349,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,lordrassion,"Rest Often, if it hurts-RUN, Controls have a bit of a curve and the menu system takes a couple tries to get used to...I am still overwhelmed at how much I enjoyed this game...even after the first few rewarded deaths.."
76561198008022236,Recommended,288120,15976690,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Terry_Wrist,"Surprising gem of a game. Simple, solid gameplay and mechanics which introduces some nice ideas. The Academy, a persistent base for your heroes built on previous characters blood and sweat, is a clever idea to lend depth to world and new heroes. It adds the extra dimension of trying to set up a solid legacy with a new hero while still playing as your old character. Will Fredrick the Rangermans surpass the great level 12 Wizardman, Fizban? Or will he die at level two because you weren't watching your stamina and couldn't jump away?Beginning a fresh game can be tough when you have no legacy. Its part of the game to overcome this, stick with it! That being said, the game is quite simple to pick up and play, and skills are not convoluted with text.The main thing that will get you killed is your ambition to go one more floor of a dungeon rather than turn around and go home. It won't be until you open that next door that you'll realize you are in over your head."
76561197994967472,Recommended,288120,13680661,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Arkenas Einbrecht,"Dungeonmans is an absolute blast to play for those that a fan of the Rogue-Light genre. It's chalk full of absurd puns, awkward enemy and item names, and you are always just one dungeon away from perma-death.There is a great deal of continuity between characters in a mechanical way. That is equipment and stat boosts can be retrieved from graves of your former characters to boost your current(or future) characters. You can stock pile relics(randomly looted through out the game) and use them to acquire better equipment(a relic can only be used on future characters, and are tiered--each one giving a better quality item when expended) with new characters. Then there is the ""proof of stremf"" system wherein when you kill champions or bosses of your level or higher you receive an item(proof of stremf) which can be turned in at the head master for 2 bonus stat points on your current character--and 1 bonus point on all subsequent characters.Other wonderful bonuses can be attained for future characters by maxing out your library(by handing in books at the head master). This allows you to retrieve 4 randomized books with each newly created character, and also allows each new character to inherently know what each scroll does(after talking to the librarian).The ever-growing graveyard of your past characters while mostly benign, can be entertaining to take a stroll through. :)"
,Recommended,288120,16152363,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dragon Milker,"I have nothing bad to say about this game. Period.It's a fun permadeath game, I've been playing it non-stop and I've been slowly losing my mind because it takes a lot of dying to learn what to do in certain situations. I'm too lazy to think of  a list of pros and cons so I'm just going to describe my experience.My first Dungeonmans was an Archer, not a very versatile class to begin with but easy to use. Anytime I'd get stuck in a corner I'd just hop over one of the enemies and fire an arrow into there skull as I flew over. It was going smoothly, I started getting confident and that was my downfall, started running through dungeons, was working well for me until I walked into a room with a mage and a Pangolin Champion. The mage set me on fire and pushed me around, and the pangolin kept juggling me from one side of the room to the other. The archer relies on evasion, but you learn later on that it's a poor choice when you start meeting the new enemies.Next dungeonmans was a Wizard. If you want to play wizard, make sure to activate light shield whenever you get into a fight with enemies at your level or higher, the wizard can be a real tank if used right. Anyways, go to a dungeon, usual enemies, then again, new enemies. Cryomansers and Necromansers, get frozen, get poisened to death by a deathly fog because my light shield wore off.Bannerman was next, who is so far my favorite class other than Necromanser. Both mentioned classes are highly versatile, Necromanser even more so. My bannerman was my strongest dungeonman of all, but died when I encountered my first Tower at level Nine. It was a breeze, all the Necromansers kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off with the toxic clouds but Fervor helps a lot. Get to the top, and now I'm in what seems to be my first real boss fight. My bannerman was a beast, but the boss happened to be even more so. I was at 60 out of 240 health and I needed to heal so I combat blinked away, but I didn't know this boss could charge in a straight/diagonal line across the arena. He slammed into me and one shot me, I died a little inside at that moment.Many more of my characters died, the graveyard has grown a few tiles.With each death comes more proofs of Stremf, which makes stronger dungeonmans.Death is unavoidable, and I have to say, no game has challenged me this much in a while, I actually have to think and learn every aspect of the game to thrive."
76561198008748490,Recommended,288120,15026999,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,MobySlick,"After buying this game less than 24 hours ago, 11 of those hours have been spent playing it. That should tell you I really like it!"
76561198016338339,Recommended,288120,14702418,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Grooves,Really fun game even with the low quality graphics and repetitive elements.It will hook you in for awhile.
76561197990597866,Recommended,288120,20286185,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Scionyde,"I like this game for more than my playtime would indicate.The gameplay is fun up until you find the hidden unique mob 5 levels higher than you, and then die. So fun/frustrating in the way a lot of hardcore games are where the frustration from and cost of failure add the the reward of success.The added depth in the form of the academy and towns provide more motivation to keep coming back when you die and push through to more epic dungeons, skills, and deaths."
,Recommended,288120,24381216,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Patashu,"A simple to get into but still challenging turn based tile based roguelike with beautiful music, graphics and a lot of charm and wit, plus a lot of possible builds to explore."
,Recommended,288120,24514130,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,CoasterCraft Gold,"This is an amazingly good roguelike with legacy features (these are optional and can be turned off by starting an ironmode game for those who prefer the true roguelike experience). Useful because starting a roguelike with a fresh character gets old after the 20th time.The classes are modular, as any character can learn any skill with enough levels or skill books, which can lead to some pretty powerful combinations of skills late game where they'll be needed. There's even a skill tree with a rage style resource that drains in real time, giving the game a faster pace than other roguelikes for players who take it."
76561198010060335,Recommended,288120,20367334,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,random noob,excelent game. verry good roguelike as long as you dont mind the ones with death progression. very quick paced. got it on sale but its worth the full price.
,Recommended,288120,20528023,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Eldiran,"I played this until my hands hurt too much to continue. Then I plugged in a Steam controller and kept going.Great roguelike for people who want a roguish experience but also want a decent interface and a sense of progress. There's a surprising amount of character progression within its simple skill tree setup - you'll find new uses for most skills as you experiment with them, making it pretty replayable. Being able to retire level 10+ dungeonmans as a teacher to build up your academy is a great method of progression that makes previous runs really matter.As of this review (1/14/16), its main downfall is the bugs. I put in an absurd amount of time trying to put together the perfect academy - but you can't always trust that your investments will stick. Retired teachers may randomly choose a subject that's already being taught at your academy (which means they're completely useless). My retired tavern owner disappeared without a trace.If you give the game a try, I recommend retiring 3 or so dungeonmans, and then putting together a strong dungeonman to end the game with - instead of investing too much time trying to make the ideal academy like I did."
76561197971851327,Recommended,288120,20413478,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,"His Majesty, the Lord of Space",a good game for goodmans
76561197985171381,Recommended,288120,20007412,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Baleur,"Great. It's just great.Basically old school Final Fantasy's overworld (but randomized) mixed with traditional roguelike dungeons and encounters no the overworld map. Even random villages gets placed on the overworld map, which you can enter to access shops and various things of interest.Your main hub, the Academy is the point of persistance (besides the overworld itself) between each character death, where legendary items and knowledge can be stored (such as beast info, rare weapons which take centuries to research hence cant be used by your current hero, etc).The music is great, the artwork is great, the tiny animations are great and add so much motion to the traditional square-to-square roguelike mechanics. Just having the characters shake slightly and actually flow between the squares makes all the difference in the world to immersion and the impression of a smooth gameplay flow.Plenty of skill trees and randomized / named / unidentified potions, scrolls and items.Weapons use a similar system to D&D where you might find a 1d6 longsword +2, or simply a 1d8 longsword.Plenty of humour in the game, quite similar to Dungeons Of Dredmore but not quite as ridiculous. The writing is actually quite good, but you must accept certain intentional misspellings.Usually i'm not much for ""Lulz i r write rong cuz funneh"" humour, but the way they do it in this game is kind of like if it was an ancient past time when the language was simply different.DungeonMANS is the basis for that, your classes are called stuff like Rangermans, Fightermans and Necromanser. ""The history of the Dungeonman Culture revered their legendary Dungeonmens"" et cetera et cetera.It's quite fine, because the non-intentionally-misspelled humour is quite good, with a certain notable reference to a librarians wife's dusty old womb. Good lord.All in all, it is just great. Good atmosphere and feel all around. A sleeper hit."
76561197997799977,Recommended,288120,15793572,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Helical Chaos,"Don't let the puns and tongue-and-cheek take on fantasy fool you. This is game with a great deal of intelligent design. If you like roguelikes this is an auto-buy. If you want a fantasy dungeon crawl, make this your first purchase."
,Recommended,288120,27313539,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Auallonia,"Easy to learn, fun to play. The roguelike will have you coming back for more."
,Recommended,288120,29097227,Posted: 7 January,all,Cupcake,"Definitely recommend this game! If you like Dungeons of Dredmor, it's similar to that. Only this game is a lot more smooth than Dredmor. I really enjoy the simple humor in the game. I've laughed quite a few times. The game doesn't take itself that seriously and I think is cool. I'm on my sixth hero right now with only ever reaching level 5. It's easy to die if you go too fast, which is also easy to do considering how fast paced this game can be despite it being turn-based. Each hero can help improve your next game, which in my opinion is a good idea to implement in a rogue-like game. $10 might seem more fair of a price, however I don't know how long the game goes for. But there's obviously lots of replayability as it is a rogue-like. Decent amount of variety in gear and traits. Artstyle is good. I think overall for what it is it's a great game. I've been on the look out for a while now for a rogue-like that isn't too tryhard but also isn't too casual, I think this game is right on the mark."
76561198024565383,Recommended,288120,32052217,Posted: 29 May,all,akira71,"I have hardly gotten enough time with this game, but I wanted to leave a quick review before getting back to it. This is one of the more unique roguelike in the classic since. I love this game and the concept of previous lives and learning. It is a masterpiece and worth picking up. Specially when it is on sell. It is worth it at any price though. Easy to get into, not easy to master, but lighthearted and fun all the time. Even in death."
76561198154948293,Recommended,288120,31658980,Posted: 9 May,all,BIG WHIFF,A wonderfully fun and goofy classical roguelike that has a lot of metagame progression that will help keep people new to the genre engaged and only slightly crush your soul when u loss a run. Would recommend to anyone!
76561197963852846,Recommended,288120,32189540,Posted: 4 June,all,Finger,"Yep, another positive review...Juat a fun little game. Reminds me a little of Darkest Dungeon, and NEO Scavanger.So far no bugs to report. Running on Win 10.Edit: Game has some small annoying buggs, and lag or stuttering at points.The player manual is under ""Help"" on the main page in game which gives you your key bindings and other helpfull info I failed to locate first few runs.I'd give it a 6/10 buy on sale and you'll get your moneys worth."
,Recommended,288120,32331719,Posted: 10 June,all,imortus,"Simply put: A must buy for Roguelike Aficiondos.Anyone familiar with Dungeon Crawl will instantly feel at home with the basics and presentation of this superb game; Dungeonmans comes off as a polished end cycle of a many-forked branch of games dating back decades now. It takes familiar basics from roguelikes, adds in some basic-but-overpowered city building features, and lets the player loose in a large world filled with near-infinite mayhem.The skills are satisfying to use, and varied enough to keep your interest through multiple late-game runs. The early game can be rife with death, but the game throws plenty of Get Of Jail (Almost) Free cards by way of potions and scrolls, and fans of the genre should be familiar with exploiting the tools you're given to live.Not everything is perfect: Enemy variation is good, but could be better. The same can be said of the dungeon tilesets/types. An auto-explore mode would be welcome. Tool tips/descriptions could be clearer. The whole satellite town experience could use improvement and expansion.None of those should be deal breakers for a game at its price point ($15 as of this writing), and it is still actively updated as of June 2017. If you're a fan of the genre, Dungeonmans is a great addition to your library."
76561198179731753,Recommended,288120,32228060,Posted: 6 June,all,StabaMango,I cant believe ive played this for 33 hours already. Really great game good concept with the Academy that upgrades as you go through your generations of mans. If you like more traditional roguelikes theres an Ironmans mode just for you that removes the carry over advantages present in the main game. This mode is for those who like to know their characters are all equal in survival chances and the character they won the game with did so on merit of skill and knowledge of the game alone.... and luck.Still being updated by the dev who clearly has love for this game.
76561198030463321,Recommended,288120,32234776,Posted: 7 June,all,Aka,"An enjoyable roguelike, but not close to being as good as Dungeons of Dredmor."
,Recommended,288120,32237625,Posted: 7 June,all,Polio BlowStab,"Great rogue-like with frequent updates, plenty of things to micromanage and adjustable difficulty."
76561197991090191,Recommended,288120,32233701,Posted: 6 June,all,Rhanan,Very good game. Accessible yet challenging. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,288120,32369738,Posted: 12 June,all,Snaith,"A decent and fairly accesible Rogue-like, though I wish the initial stages were more engaging. It gets fairly repetitive after the first couple of times playing the same dungeons just to get close to where you were before."
76561198065041106,Recommended,288120,32407160,Posted: 14 June,all,LeRoy Jenkins,"One of the first games I ever played on the computer was a old game called Nethack, or Rogue.  This game reminds me of the fun and discovery I had in that game.  It draws me back again and again over time.  And not the least the authors still keep adding stuff to the game.  In a nutshell, I would highly recomend anyone that ever like the old rogue like games to check this one out.  I really think you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,288120,32403446,Posted: 13 June,all,ShadowVariable,Great game
76561198034463216,Recommended,288120,33586705,Posted: 16 July,all,ADrackyDrawsNear,"Oh, Dungeonmans... I've had quite the experience with this game. Between the quirkiness, and the simultaneously easy to pick up and hard as a brick to master mechanics of the game, this is just one game up my alley. There are a range of options at your disposal depending on your build to either get yourself into, or preferrably out of trouble. As with any in the rogue-like genre, it can be very easy to make that one fatal mistake. So far, the leading cause of my characters' deaths has been blatant hubris. ""Ahhhh, I got this,"" is often the last thing going through my mind,I would definitely suggest this game to fans of the genre, as well as an introduction to the genre as well. Play and Enjoy!"
,Recommended,288120,34983940,Posted: 15 September,all,"Blitzbit (>',')> ( . Y . )",Simply the best game ever made!
,Recommended,288120,35356474,Posted: 30 September,all,Soma Cruz,"One of the enemies is a tiger, standing on top of a tiger, standing on top of a tiger. GOTYAY."
76561197964102528,Recommended,288120,35356212,Posted: 30 September,all,Jazerus,A fantastic roguelike.
76561198006074755,Recommended,288120,35368606,Posted: 1 October,all,Zeerust,"One of the best modern roguelike RPGs around. It's got a lot of modern design sensibilities to make the game streamlined and as free of tedium as possible, but it has just enough of that old-school kruft to remind you where it came from, in a warm nostalgic way.Building characters is always interesting due to the simplicity of the skill system. Jack-of-all-trades characters are not only viable, but can be incredibly powerful. There are no wrong choices.The music is rich and really emphasises the feeling of heroic adventure, and the writing and world are charming and funny in a way many games that try to do comedy fail miserably at."
,Recommended,288120,35231054,Posted: 26 September,all,Filthy Ri¢h,"I'm not normally into Rogues, but the meta-progression mechanic of Dungeonmans has me completely entranced. This game also has as much wit, charm, and personality as any I've ever played. It keeps me on my toes while playing, and doesn't miss a beat with the pacing. I'm a bit over five hours in, but I could easily see myself playing for hundreds of hours.Great job, hats off to the developers."
