user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,288220,31422232,Posted: 28 April,all,✩ Helenα ✩,"I got this game quite a while ago, and just recently that I’ve decided to finish all the routes. It was totally worth it, wow. This is one of the best western otome VNs I’ve played so far. The animation at the beginning of the game is amazing!The story is interesting, the characters are really well developed and believable, and the dialogues were fun to read. The VA of this game isinsanely good. It’s fully voiced and I loved it. There’s some time management features here, meaning that you’ll have to choose how Sian (the MC) should spend her time. After a while, it can get repetitive and somewhat boring to be honest. But still, the game is good. There are so many little details, and even “hidden” routes! The art style, BGM, pretty much everything is so good. Yes, I’m a sucker for this game and I don’t care, lol.10/10, highly recommended for otome fans. There are flaws, but the game as a whole is awesome. My favorite character is the “Golden Prince”, the cutest cinnamon roll ever. He’s so sweet… Ah, shy cutie pies are the best!"
,Recommended,288220,14291977,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Eri,"Finally, I can date boys without having to leave my house."
,Recommended,288220,10397020,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,CyndersFlame,"So far I've played Backstage Pass for about 12-13 hours trying to get my hands on all the paths that are currently available. So far the only bugs I found was when Lloyd was going to meet Sian at Pho 24 to discuss what to do about Benito's magic production. The background was Sian's dorm room. Even though its not really a big scene, just thought I would point it out.Now onto my real review. Personally, I LOVE this game. Sure it's a bit short now, but once the game is completed, it will be longer with more dialogue, more routes, and more endings. The game is actually really realistic. You're given many different types of people with many different types of personalities. Plus, the original soundtrack goes perfectly with every scene. Also, everything is set up nicely and runs pretty smoothly. The storyline is also pretty good, sometimes it can be a tad sad. Other times it just makes you wanna giggle.I've played other otome, stat-raising, dating sims, and visual novels before. Backstage Pass has amazing originality, creativity and art. If you're wondering to buy this game or not, I recommend playing some free stat-raising/otome/dating sims before buying this game. A good free one is Re Alistair ++ (by Sakevisual). You can also play demos such as Always Remember Me, The Flower Shop: Winter in Fairbrook and more (both from from Winter Wolves). (EDIT!) I forgot! There is also another free amazing stat raising game you should try out. It's called 'Heartstring Bugs' and it's by Unbroken Hours. It's long, has 5 main guys and is over the course of 3 years. AND ITS FREE. ERMAHGERD. Go check it out! (End of edit. 6/14/14)So far I've focused on Adam x2 and Benito x1. I'm going to start John and Matthew after I'm done writing this xD. But this game will truly come out to be something special. I can't wait for the voice acting to be done.MICAH SOLUSOD (voice of Soul Eater Evans from Soul Eater) WILL BE VOICING ADAM. I literally had a spazz attack when I first found out!!!... *cough cough* Ehem.The price for the game is amazing at just $30 with all that's going to be included when the product is officially done. And replay is going to be high trying to get all the CG's, scenes, Steam achievements, Steam trading cards, items in game, unlocking new places to shop/hang out, and try any and all possible routes.Right now my current rating for Backstage Pass is 8/10. Which is stunning because this is only the Beta version! I've played a few finished games, and their no where near as good as Backstage Pass. If you want to follow Sakevisual about new updates on the game, visit their official website weekly. You can also sign up for mail updates, follow them on Twitter, Like their page on Facebook, view their Tumblr and more xD"
76561198118305870,Recommended,288220,25089201,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ShrugViper,"I'm posting a new review now that it's officially released!*TLDR version at bottom of the review (I deleted my early Access review because it's no longer relevant).Pros:Very nice and appealing art/artstyleA wide cast of unique charactersNice musicAmazing UI (User interface)Cons:Sometimes the stories feel a bit ""Light"" not bad thoughThere aren't really any cons now that the VN is completed. There are smaller things like I think more of the side characters should have sprites and that some of the changes made to the story were a little meh during development, but these aren't things that will make you not enjoy this VNShould you buy?If you like otomes games? Definitely. If you like VNs in general? Just look at the story summary and characters to decide but I think it'd still be a good time. If you're new to VNs and/or otome games? If you want to give them a try this wouldn't be a bad first one! I'd recommend it. Also some people might like/dislike the themes related to theater and the fact that the MC is a makeup artistTLDRI gifted this VN to a friend as soon as it was officially released, give it a try!"
76561198015444262,Not Recommended,288220,16656783,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Spheral3,"I wouldn't reccomend this game to anyone until the final verson of it is released. It's not very fun, the voices aren't complete, you need a guide before you can even begin to understand how to jump onto a character path. Honestly, I regret buying it. Worst part? Since buying it last year, I've heard nothing about the development, or any predictions on when the game will be released in it's full version. Stay away from this game, hold on to your money for something better."
76561198203332074,Recommended,288220,20244480,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,shimigamikara,"I honestly have no clue why there are such bad reviews for this game. I have not finished the game, as there is ALOT of content even if it isn't ""complete"". If you are a fan of otomes, and have the cash to spare, I highly reccomended this game. The newly added voices are a nice additon as well, and for the most part very impressive and appealing. The plot is fun and each route is a different experiance. I will will say it is a tad challenging and this is nothing new for fellow stat raising games. However, the art is really nice, the characters likable, the story is interesting, and I found myself relating to Sian, the mc, much more than any other game I've played. It is frustrating to play over and over, not getting the correct end, but it is possible. The game is actually pretty hilarious (especially John's Route. It was hard to get a good ending but oh my god a certain ""conversation"" had me laughing hysterically.  My point is, you have to be willing to commit time into the game and have patience in order to enjoy it. It is well worth the price for all that we're getting, and have yet to receive."
,Not Recommended,288220,13800170,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,TiuFenris,"Once again, another otome game where you have to do everything perfectly and play off a guide or else you're screwed.And it's been months and months (years now?) and the game's still not finished.The music gets very grating very quickly. The voices still aren't implemented fully. I've unselected all the voice boxes (which is how you turn them on) and I've never heard anything.Maybe if they ever finish the game it would be worth it.I regret paying full price. It's not worth it. Maybe half off, and that would be when it's complete."
76561198051302080,Not Recommended,288220,25743996,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Farina,"After playing most of the game, my impression of this game is that it is simple.That is to say, that the story itself is rather simple and feels lacking much depth at times. The characters deal with some problems, but tend to get over them pretty easily and the dramatic element just doesn't feel there. Not to say that all games have to have a complicated story, but when playing a visual novel type game where the focus is the story, it feels a little lacking. There are stat management elements to it to break up the story, but those end up feeling like quite a chore, with week after week ending up being more of the same, struggling to keep fatigue low (since it can only go to 30 before it causes issues, but a single week will put it up above 20) and to keep earning money all while keeping your grades high enough.I do like this game even though it is simple, just because I do tend to like 'slice-of-life' games and I also enjoy the setting, but people should not be expecting a riveting experience from this game. It's unfortunate, but the stat management elements make the game tiring so unlike many visual novels that I like to play all the routes one after another, I'm finding myself having to pause from playing the game after each route for a week or two. Even the solo routes still feel like more work than they should be since you still have to manage the fatigue, money, and your GPA.Other than like ~7 main events with each main male (spaced over an entire year, so they are somewhat far between), the main interaction is just going on dates with them which have just a few lines of light dialogue that repeats and that's about it.In my opinion, if you are looking for a school-life dating game, games like Tokimeki where you follow the main character for all 3 years of her high school and manage her many stats while having quite a variety of options for datable characters (9) and many unique date spots and events (such as museum exhibits, movies, etc) are what I would expect for $30.I bought this game because I was watching Dodger's Let's Play of it on Youtube and found their videos to be entertaining and didn't want to wait for more of them before seeing where the story went. In the end, I'm a little disappointed with this game, especially for the cost.Overall, the stat/fatigue system makes this game a bit annoying and I still want to finish all of the routes for sake of being a completionist, but I don't think this is a game that I will be returning to beyond that. It's a relatively fun game for what it is, but be aware of what you're getting."
,Recommended,288220,15709865,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,.:|:Lorena:|:Ray:|:.,"Overall Score from me: 5.5/10.I realise that the game is not yet complete, if It ever gets updated and fully finished I'll adjust my review accordingly. Keep in mind, that I've played many many many Otome style visual novel games, and there are basically three main types that exist. Stat building, choice maker/visual novel, point and click/adventure.This one is mainly a stat builder but also is reliant on choices you make in relation to the character you're pursuing.First the numbers.Gameplay 4/10. There is no option to skip the mini cutscenes during the classes/work week, or making cupcakes, so if you're going for doing things efficiently and making 20 or so cupcakes it takes forever. The email system is critical for some of the game paths and EXTREMELY EASY TO MISS. Which means unless you save often you could miss half of the requirements for some of the game paths. The game length is too long in the worst way because of how long it takes you to complete the actual week day planning, (A ""save this schedule"" option would be great as well) And it is very difficult to monitor your character's stress levels while paying attention to the email system, and go out on enough dates with the bachelor of your choice. There are also numerous bugs, such as one on Matthew's path that if you press the skip button it occasionally brings you back to the start menu, on loading a save. Another one is that if you have skip on, and you bake cupcakes it makes that faster but can be turned off if clicking in the general area as well. I've also had certain event flags not start when they're supposed to so there's a few kinks that need working out.Music 6/10. The music in this game is fairly well done, but one thing that I personally believe is that the music cannot actually be turned down low enough without being fully mute. I'm thinking this will be fixed when they add voices and such to the game, but that's my only issue there.Artwork 8/10 The art in this game is very beautiful. The only thing I would like to point out is that there are a few cutscene pictures that distort the character's faces in a way that it's not attractive, but overall it's really well done and the character design is really good.My current viewpoints:*All of the paths are EXTREMELY difficult. As in pedantic and overwhelmingly difficult. I have yet to unlock one perfect ending with any of the characters, despite following guides and doing everything in my power for this. This game needs a walkthrough more than a guide.  Matthew's path for example is a bit unclear as I'm not sure what you need to say to Nicole in order to make things work or what stats you need to focus, as even with maximum charisma, specialized cupcakes, dates and popularity I didn't get the complete ending. The game takes way too long to complete due to needing to re-input every single command into the schedule every day.I think that a lot of the game could be made smoother/more user friendly just by making the email button flash red on recieving a new email, and having the option to choose what sian's main ""ideas"" are at the start of the game, such as wanting to start a blog for popularity or practice speaking for charisma. It'd also be a lot better to add more stress relief books to the stores, and to make it easier to access the arcade as raising your gpa for another date-spot, plus trying to balance stats is a bit pedantic and difficult. It's not a bad game, but this goes beyond challenging to a painful grind and a lot of work. I still haven't gotten one perfect ending, though i'm not sure if it is related to the game or something i'm doing wrong, and there are no full guides or walkthroughs that completely cover the exact things people need to do to get the endings.I'd still reccommend this for the story, but until it's finished and some of the bugs are removed, it's not a full reccommendation from me."
,Recommended,288220,14878112,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Kat,"I played this game a lot when I first got it and it's a lot of fun! I don't want to play any more until the voices are finally added in though, because I don't like doing the same things twice. :/ Please add the voices! It's been a while. ><"
,Not Recommended,288220,13972135,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,SuperTeeds,Kind of regret buying this game now. Not worth the price for the content it has now (way too expensive). It's been a while now and the game is not finished yet.
,Recommended,288220,12605574,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,ivulpix,"Even in Early Access, Backstage Pass is easily one of my favorite visual novels to date. The storyline is interesting, the art is BEAUTIFUL, and the voices we've heard thus far have been top knotch. Funny, charming, and had me at the edge of my seat during the month of January FINALLY sealing the deal with one of the many guys every single time. Wholeheartedly recommend, can't wait to see this once it's in its full glory."
,Recommended,288220,21195954,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,The Mint Pen,"Yes, the game is still in early access. Yes, people have been very vocal about their dissatisfaction with how long the game has been in early access and development. I myself was very hesistant to buy it and the game just sort of sat on my wishlist for a long time. I have been pleasantly surprised and happy with what the game has to offer right now though.At it's basic core it's a stat raising dating so, so if that's not your thing the game is probably not for you as stats seem to play a very vital role in the gameplay itself. I'm only about a month into the game itself but already have a to keep a close eye on certain stats. Thankfully the most annoying fatigue stat doesn't rise TOO terribly much with activities and it goes down by a lot when you have a successful rest.The most recent addition has been the voice acting and while I'll admit it was a little jarring at first, I've gotten used to it. Most of the voices do really fit the characters and just give a little more life into the story itself. There are little things here and there like random lines that aren't voiced or times when the volume of the line is very loud or very soft, but it will definitely make the game that much better when Sian is voiced as well.Speaking of Sian, she is an...interesting main character. At first she appears to have a little bit of that quintessential sort of wallflower trait of otome mcs have? Thankfully she has proven to be a more than one-dimensional in her character development so far so hopefully the opinon that I continue to form of her will be positive. I really enjoy the fact that she's sort of behind the scenes in the industry as well and the fact that she is confident in her talents as a make-up artist and knows she deserves to do what she's doing with it. Things could have gone very badly if she was doubtful in herself throughout the entire game. The other character introduced so far have been very charming and likeable, the four love interests have very different personalities and different ways they interact with Sian so that has been interesting to see so far.If you're interested in the game at all and have been on the fence about buying it, I would highly reccomend picking it up. Yes it still has a fair amount of bugs and such to work out, but it really is a wonderful game so far. If you're not a fan of VNs with tedious stat raising then perhaps this isn't the game for you."
,Recommended,288220,29264536,Posted: 14 January,all,some bxtch,"One of the best parts of this game is the diversity in stories. While the story centers on four main boys, you can choose to have a romantic or friendly ending, and the story does not end with those four characters. There are three other characters that you can have endings with: one lesbian romance, one great friendship, and one romance/friendship with a character who is, from what I've read, struggling with his asexuality (I have yet to play his route so please do not take my word for it). There are also a number of endings that you can reach all by your lonesome! Romance is not forced and friendships are encouraged in this game.Gameplay is half stats-based and half choice-based. The stories are cute and funny and the character designs are all very pretty. I've logged almost 24 hours and still have yet to reach even half of the endings, so this will definitely keep you entertained for a while.All in all, really a great game."
76561198214213240,Recommended,288220,20634057,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,strawberrydream,"This game is fantastic and was worth every penny I paid for it.The art is wonderful. Each character is drawn very well in a consistent, crisp style. This goes as well for the CGs, which features the same style as the sprites.I liked the story. It was cute, and progresses very well. Each of the characters are unique from one another and develop throughout the span of the game. This includes the MC, whose personality is refreshing from the typical otome heroine. I haven't played it since it was updated with the voice work, so I have no opinions on how everyone sounds. It has such a high replayability as well. There are many endings to explore, and several endings within each character.Stat raising gets repetative, but for this sort of game, this is to be expected. The dates also fall into this same loop. Again, I don't expect unique dialogue for each time I take the same person out to the same place, so I wasn't too upset.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys otome games and/or visual novels."
76561198103494148,Recommended,288220,28765056,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MissHanamura,"I’m enjoying Backstage Pass a lot more than I thought I would. This is the standard stat-raising dating sim. If you’re on the fence about getting this, I would definitely recommend watching PressHeartToContinue’s playthrough of it, which is what I did before purchase.So, here were my thoughts:CONS:- While I do appreciate full English voices, since that’s so hard to come by with these types of games, I thought the voice acting was kind of amateurish. There was a noticeable difference in volume/mic quality between actors, some deliveries fell flat or just didn’t capture the right tone, and on all three routes I’ve played so far, I noticed some of lines weren’t even voiced and they kept in extra takes either by mistake or on purpose.- Some inconsistencies with quality (weird anatomy, bad proportions, ect.), but overall the art is up to par with other games of this genre, and the chibi animations are cute.- Having to monitor the protagonist’s fatigue, and boost her stats does get grindy and repetitive at times.PROS:- Minimal typos, grammar was good, and minus a few phrases that just didn't work for me, the story is well-written. Never did I get lost or confused while reading along. I’ve played a lot of dating sims/visual novels, and the multiple plotlines are interesting—you do grow an attachment to the different characters. Or at least I did.- Music is catchy. I’ve played for about 15 hours, and I have yet to grow tired of it.- Seems like there’s a lot of meat to this game, and with so many different endings and romance options to choose from, you’ll be investing many hours into it. So, at least you’re getting the full bang for your buck.Overall, I do think this game is worth buying. Maybe not at full price, but definitely keep an eye out if it ever goes on sale again."
,Recommended,288220,17884546,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Leffe Radieuse,"It's a really nice otome game with various endings. It has a nice story and there is a lot you can do.  But still no voiceover which is kinda sad. It's been in Early Access stage for too long and still there is no update. Sakevisual makes great otome games. But there hasn't been any news about BSP for a long time. Also the art is unique, I can't say that I like it too much. But considering the other otome games on Steam, Backstage Pass is a treasure. There are lots of defiencies but the content of the game covers them up. There are like 16 endings, (as I remember) 7 romance options, -3 of them are hidden- and tons of stuff to do.You should definitely buy it if you're looking for an otome game which has a nice story, lots of endings and a nice art. It's one of the best otome games in Steam."
76561198065979638,Recommended,288220,12498641,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,verstehen,"For a game that is still in progress/early access, Backstage Pass is remarkably polished. I didn't notice any real bugs, though it's obvious that some routes are still (sadly) unavailable, so I'm definitely looking forward to the updates when they open. The game has really great graphics, interesting storylines, intriguing characters, and an easy to use stats control system. My only real complaint right now would be that the game REALLY makes you work for achievements (10 hours in, 4 romance routes played, only two achievements!).That said, what really makes the game great isn't the graphics or the characters or the storyline, it's the way the game represents and portrays social anxiety and other mental illness with sensitivity and heart. None of the characters shown with mental illness (and there's three I've found so far, including Sian, the main/player character) are mocked or made the butt of joke or just written off as ""crazy"" because of their disability (one character even calls out this kind of reaction within the game!). I didn't realize Backstage Pass would have this kind of representation going in -- I thought it'd just be an interesting industry-based game -- so I was pleasantly surprised to see it and how well it was handled.I also really appreciated some of the realism to the industry element as well. It's obviously a ""light"" version, compared to the real thing, but the terminology and the basic shape seems accurate, given what I know from friends who do work in the industry.Finally, there's a ton of content for each route. It took me about four hours to complete my first route (and sadly I got a bad ending) and another hour and a half to complete the next route I tried (with the skip function used liberally). Each subsequent route took about the same hour and a half. Right now the four main routes (Benito, Adam, John, Matthew) are all open and I've only completed the romance routes on all four. So I expect another good six hours to unlock the friendship routes and even more game time to try the non-romance routes suggested by the achievements (I'm definitely looking forward to being a director!). So there's plenty of story in the game and you won't finish everything in four or five hours like a lot of VNs. So if you're worried about the price (and it does feel like a lot of money for a VN), think of the potential amount of time you'll be playing. Not to mention what is apparently in the pipeline for the game (more routes, fully voiced, etc.) so it's definitely worth the money even at this stage in the game.Definitely one of the better VNs I've ever played (and I'm definitely planning on trying out Sakevisual's other games after playing this!)."
,Not Recommended,288220,21995625,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,vittinator,"Obviously the devolpers put a lot of work in this game, which I appreciate. The only problem is the GODDAMN CHARACTERS.There's no appeal to them whatsoever. The MC is just a mary sue in disguise, and all other romantic interests just don't make sense. None of the relationships have chemistry, and I couldn't gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about any of the love stories.We don't get to see the relationship develop between the characters. It just goes from casual flirting to outright declariations of love. It's a bunch of BS, and a joke of a story.Since this game can still be improved, I'll just add this: please make the relationships more believable. Cause right now I'm more interested in stale bread then in any of the couples."
76561198144770039,Not Recommended,288220,25377614,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,LeeNyx,"I wanted to like this game. I really did. But with the hefty price tag, the way that one tiny scheduling error could lock you out of multiple endings, and the ever present skill grinding - I just can't! After watching a youtuber play this game, I even decided to use a guide, and I *still* found myself locked out of routes because of a tiny error here or there. It's absolutely infuriating! Not to mention that the way the game is built, the most that guide writers can do a lot of the time is give you a rough estimate of when or where to do something."
,Recommended,288220,32746822,Posted: 24 June,all,Shadowsevilfish,"In terms of an otome, most people think they're all the same. Just reading and choices, nothing really committing you to the story or the characters... Yet every once in awhile we get to see the rare gem show up in the pile that may not always shine until you pick it up and bring it up to your eyes. Backstage Pass was one of these.The characters were enjoyable and unique, being fun, funny and serious all in their own way. Never does a character lose the way they've acted or 'change because of love'... well, too drastically anyways. This game offered more of a state based focus, which determines everything in the story for you. So it feels like you can sort of strategize as well, which may or may not make some feel more committed to the game. I personally enjoy working a bit harder than clicking a choice to 'get my man'. XDThe only real negative thing that can be said is the biggest one for all otomes, and it's really something they all do fall into. Repetitiveness. You do the same thing over and over, and eventually you lose interest in it- for some that takes time, and for some that's fast. To avoid this, I'd suggest not aiming to complete the game all in one go. I'd suggest having back ups to go to once you reach that irritancy of otomes repetitive natures."
76561198054631909,Recommended,288220,26193283,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,xTheLightx,"One of the best dating sims I've ever played. This is also one of the most realistic dating sims I've played as well. The reactions and characters all act so real, nothing felt tropey to me which is really hard to find when playing this genre of game. All the characters a very well fleshed out and the art is overall pretty great as well, with CG pretty often when it comes to the route you are on.The game overs I believe 16 endings or something ridiculous like that contain both the main routes (Friendship and romance endings with the main routes) and several hidden ones as well as independent endings which is a first I've seen for a dating sim that isnt considered a bad end. This gives the game so much replayability as you want to figure out all the extra endings and get the scenes you were unable to get prior.I had one issue about the game though, during actual gameplay (balencing stats with yourself and characters) you have to do VERY specific actions in some cases to get certain this but its pretty easy to correct if you figure out the character you want to do and find their likes. Other than that though the gameplay was nice filler as it didnt seem to last long and you can fast forward through it easily. In most cases it isnt useless stat boosts either they do help to unlock things and help your relationship of course.So overall I would definitely give this game a shot in your a fan of the series! Its the best in the genre in my opinion so hopefully you'll think the same!"
76561198057589415,Recommended,288220,10962695,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rei,"Im not gonna say anything in its current stage, but i have to add that this is my favourite game by far.When the complete game is released, this is just gonna top the chart for me.Ok so now i have a better grasp of the actual game, So here we go:The dialogues is very good paced, Its not like some other VNs where they have put tons of text in the same ""picture"".. which can get pretty boring.The artwork it self is brilliant.When you finish it you will have that satisfaction, that tells you this was a damn good novel xD"
,Not Recommended,288220,21950658,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,annscratch,"I regret buying this game and I think 30$ is really too much! It's not worth this money! There are a lot of free otome games which are much better than this one.The biggest flaw of this game is a lack of passion. Lack of passion in the story, lack of passion in the characters, lack of passion in relationships between the MC and the guys, lack of passion in everything! The story was extremely boring and the guys didn't stir up almost any emotions in me.How come the heroine has something like 50 dates(if not more) with a certain character and only in the end of the route they share a kiss? The heroine isn't a little girl! Why she behaves like she's 14? Does the author really think a mature man like Jhon(I assume he's something like 35 years old) would date a girl SOOO MUCH TIME before trying to kiss her? Does the author of this story think it's realistic?! Or maybe Jhon and other guys are all impotents and spadoes??I thought I would start to sleep while reading the routes. The plot was too predictable, slow, monotonous, lacking dynamics. All of the characters behaved like asexual virgins! I'm sorry but it was one of the most boring otome game I've ever played and half of the time I wanted to press ""skip"". Not to mention how tedious and repetitive was the game process(too much of stat raicing)And Matthew's voice didn't sound good. Does this guys smoke three packages of Marlboro per day?? The voice didn't match his personality at all.One of the big and only pluses of this game is a big quantity of CGs. But the interaction between Sian(the heroine) and the guys is so dull that most of the CGs from the game have nothing special about them."
76561198157638577,Recommended,288220,13990944,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,lunamognut,I really enjoyed this game. High replay value. It can be a little repetitive to go over the same things several times but i still like this game a lot. Benito is my favorite. <3 :) I would reccomend to anyone who like Otome/Visual novels/Stat builders.
76561198119596176,Recommended,288220,26706754,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lady Rumrunner,"I am really enjoying this game so far.  Unlike a lot of the other visual noval dating/sim games, this one gives you a lot of room to see outside of just dating.  I really like the story line and how little choices can effect an outcome, like it would in real life.  The art work is really well done and I also like the music and short vid clips.  So far this is an A+ from me.  It's nice to just sit back, relax, and unveil a good story.** With all that said, it does take a slower pace than normal in my opinion.  It might seem to drag a bit in places, but I think that helps build certain qualities you might need later (fitness, fashion, etc.).  Like I said before, I still really like the game."
76561198137307508,Recommended,288220,11646070,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Literary Angel,"My first experience with an Early Access game. It's a fairly normal otome with multiple endings and plenty of adorable characters. The four main guys are each amazing in their own way, and the story is fun and fast-paced. There are still some minor bugs and flaws as of now, but if the product is this good currently, I can only imagine how wonderful the final product would be."
,Recommended,288220,10351699,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,トランズ げんじ,"This game is long and  lot of fun, there's a few moments strange enough to pull me out of it but with the polishing this beta will give them I'm sure it will be even better finished.I was surprised how long it took until I hit anything interactive, my first choice was about three hours in and that's after I read a novel which mostly centered around 2/4 of the love interests. Mostly focusing on Adam with a side of Benito. The weekly planning was nice, the sleeping didn't decrease the stats so much I felt like I wasn't advancing at a good rate and dropping out of college would have required an actual effort to do.My biggest issue, and I address this because it won't likely be changed as it's such a huge part of the game, is the protagonist. I do not like her at all. She is at best a buzzkill and at worse she seems shallow. Way too often she responded to light banter with a blunt and logical response which was in no way fun to see. Also a protag bad in crowds is not really all too original which was a disappointment, but that seemed to be forgotten on extra day on the V/V set but remembered later for the sake of drama when it made little sense.A character like Nicole being the protagonist would have been much more likable. With Sian, I was making mean comments to my computer as it seemed like Sian was excusing the action of a boy sexually harassing someone (mall scene with the elf outfit and Nicole).Though the art was great and the opening cinamatic was polished and a great touch. One play through took 13 hours so I feel like I am getting my money's worth out of it and given a good range of handsome, different love interests to choose from. The continuity in Matt's route was impressive, if you gave him a gift early on he uses it to make something for you much later in the game. I was very impressed and pleased with this.I would suggest this to people who don't mind reading, as there is a large chunk in the beginning you kinda need to power though, once you get to the actual interactive part though it's very addictive, pretty put together for an early access game, and very fun."
,Recommended,288220,11841524,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Meowmixologist,"This game is really fun, can be a little difficult to begin with. But once you start and know what to do with it you will do good. There should really be a guide to get all of the achievements though."
76561198054074262,Recommended,288220,16500909,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Shanore,"I feel like this game was made just for me.It has wardrobe options which persist in cut scenes, stat management, secret routes, career options, friendship options ect)If you like visual novels it may seem expensive but the branching, length, quality of the gameplay, visuals, audio and replay value is amazing and so worth it. Beats stuff like tokimeki and starry sky by a mile!All the characters were very likeable which does not happen much in otome games (personally I usually hate somebody).The closest thing to a dislike was John's fedora (liked his character though). Please rethink that choice."
,Recommended,288220,30208071,Posted: 26 February,all,auragamie,"I love this game!Idk why there are that many negative reviews.You can customize your characters clothes purchased from the shop in the game according to season.You can go to the arcade or go eat pho with someone (this game had me craving pho the whole time).The story is great and intriguing.You can purchase gifts and bake cupcakes for the person you like and/or friends.You can choose which traits to raise points on and work for.A good amount of replay value.The only two things I disliked were:It chooses a guy earlier on rather than later in the game.You can really only focus on a certain trait to raise points on because there isn't enough time or energy for all.I highly recommend this game, due to the some negative reviews I was a bit skeptical about it-but, I am really glad I went and purchased it anyway. I also bought it for a friend."
76561198156195416,Recommended,288220,20211315,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,gloomtoast,"Art is great, and the English voice acting is actually pretty top notch. This is literally the only otome game I have ever played with English voice acting that didn't make me cringe. It's shaping up to be a really good game, in fact it's probably one of the better otome titles I have played now that the voiced version is availible.That being said, the stat raising can get tedious, and the date dialogue with the various guys can get pretty repetitive fairly quickly- but no more than similar games of the genre. The voice acting actually allows for the personalities of the characters to come off as pretty developed, I look forward to the MC being voiced in the future,"
,Recommended,288220,15369486,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Kigu,"I decided to buy this game soley based on the wonderful anime-like intro. lol.I honestly dont regret buying this game, even though for 30$ you are buying an unfinished product, and its been about a year since the game came out....As you can see I've spent 10 hours in game so far and managed to get the 'uneventful year' achievement. Game play is honestly fun and before you know it, hours have passed, however I think falling in love shouldn't be so difficult. I think the game would be 100% better if:1) It was completely finished (well duh lol)2) Allowed you to wear what you want regardless of season (it was quite annoying to have my outfit on point but could't wear it because it wasn't the right season) and also explain what the cool, cute, and classy stats for clothes are and how it effects the game or your romancing....3) Had an option where you could give gifts to boost your likeability on times other than christmas and birthdays. (Then again maybe playing how I would react to people in real life isn't the best idea to win over the bishounens. Although I did buy plenty of gifts and didnt have an option to bribe them to love me... goes to show money can't buy you romance.)I still recommend the game if you have the funds to get and don't mind spending 30$ for an unfinished game. (:"
,Recommended,288220,21072110,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,wolfwomansilver,"Game: Backstage PassType: Visual Novel, Slice of Life, Anime, Dating SimHours Logged: 18Since this visual novel was on sale on steam I had to give it a try. And I figured I’d write a quick review before it went off of sale. Check it here. It’s 45% off at the moment so: $16.50. This is the first time I’ve seen it on sale and I’ve had it on my wishlist for awhile. So, this may be the biggest discount we get. Or as it looks like they just recently added the voices it may be that as they move forward they are trying to garner more positive reviews. I skimmed through some of the negative reviews and some of the issues folks have with it appear to have been resolved. Also, it looks like they went a really LOOOOONNNGG time without updates. It’s an early access game and just BTW as it stands I wouldn’t necessarily recommend it for the $30 price tag.Game PlayPretty straightforward. You are in school so part of your day will be filled with that and you have to decide what you want to with your free time: work, blog, study,go running, sleep, tutoring, go out with friends, or go out on the town. Each choice will effect your stats and your stats impact your relationships with other characters. Certain stats appeal to certain potential romantic interests.You have dialogue choices while interacting with characters which will effect your relationships and what jobs and parties you choose to go to will impact your relationships and career options. Choose wisely.ArtThe art in my view was in the plus column. It’s very well drawn and has a fair bit of variety. The opening video is animated (if you search backstage pass in my tags you will find a gif set of it). It’s cute. There is also an animated video at the end, but I don’t have it unlocked. Can’t wait to get it though.CharactersThere are several characters you can pursue. But as I haven’t successfully gotten them all....I can’t really talk about all the characters. My first playthrough I got  Benito as a romantic option. I didn’t find that route too difficult and didn’t need to go back to old saves to make it work. Benito is cute, younger than your character and has a backstory which you slowly uncover as you go along. Second playthrough I didn’t end up with anyone. But I was attempting at Adam. I can’t seem to figure him out. As I like to play games cold the first few times I may not figure him out until I find a walkthrough for assistance. I got John romantically pretty easily as well once I was focused. He’s cool headed, romantic and older. Honestly, my personal preference meant his interactions were the most fun. I also got to the romance option with Matthew. He is the most full in my opinion. He’s pretty and he’s social awkward. If that appeals....There are also three side options to romance (at least I think so?). I haven’t managed to get any of them even though I did try. I think I may have gotten close with two of them as I did get additional scenes with them and phone number, but I haven’t been successful in in my pursuit yet.OverallThere are some funny moments, you will probably like at least one of the romanceable characters, you need to save often to go back and fix what you did if you make a mistake, and the gameplay is a bit tricky and if you aren’t invested will probably be annoying. I did have some issues with responsiveness like delays in clicking a button or sometimes it not clicking which was irritating. Not sure if that is just me or what.Anyway, I really enjoyed this game and I am excited to see what happens when we finally get a finished product!"
,Recommended,288220,25972404,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Nanneri,"Fluff? CheckHot characters? CheckSomewhat plain protagonist? CheckYup. That's an otome game, alright. Not a bad one, but not a specially brilliant one either. Nice artwork. Nice voice acting. Nicely written. Not especially creative.If you are into otome games, then you'll surely enjoy this. I know I did. If you want a revolutionary storyline...you're probably better off looking for something else."
,Recommended,288220,11542447,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Squiggle,"The storylines are engaging (to the extent where at times I had 'heart in mouth' moments), the art is impeccable and the characters are very well rounded and believable.I suppose the best part of the game is that it's actually quite hard. If you hate stat building, this probably isn't the game for you! It's challenging to get the endings you want; I have spent hours trying to unlock different CGs and get all of the endings and I'm not even halfway through yet. As irritating as it can be when I get to the end and find a 'bad romance' ending, I'm glad this game is worth more than a couple of plays through.The one thing I'm not keen on is the voice acting - especially the fake British accent. Perhaps this is because I played the game before the voices were added."
,Recommended,288220,25202100,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nalenthi,"I like dating sims. This one is cute and fun, and whilst I don't know a lot about writing, I think it's very well written. None of the characters come across as creepy like a lot of dating sims, they're all really likeable. I feel a little off about the romance route for the 15 year old though...By far my favourite part was how they handled the romance between the 18 year old main character and a 35 year old guy. I was dreading that route, but the whole time the emphasis was on mc understanding what she was asking for and her consent.Basically it's cute. Buy it if you're into otome games or dating sims in general."
,Recommended,288220,12014988,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Cheshire Cat,"This is an early access game at the moment, of course it has flaws, but even so; this is really an amazing game!At first I was really not sure if I'd buy this game before it was fully finished, but I couldn't stop thinking about it. After a month of this game constantly on my mind I just couldn't wait anymore, and I don't regret buying it at all. The really sad part was that the script crashed after 6 hours of playing, but I don't actually mind starting over because of the amazing gameplay.So if you like visual novel games like magical diary, shira oka, katawa shoujo etc. give this game a chance, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,288220,16522588,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,FightMe,"Overall Rating: 8/10My main problem with this game is that certain achievements are extremely difficult to get, such as; Life of a Pro, Good at Everything, Director, and Moving up,Now some of these should be somewhat difficult, that IS why they're achievements after all, but some are practically impossible, and the Director achievement doesn't even have any sort of description. My other main problem is how slowly it's taking to complete the game. Yes, this is a widely stated complaint, but it's that way for a reason.Also, the music tends to be too loud unless you mute it, though that will most likely be fixed when the voices are added in. Unlike most people, I don't seem to have much trouble on the routes, though I haven't gone on any of the friend routes yet.The last problem I had made it difficult to finish certain routes, though this only happened once of twice. A glitch where the emails didn't show up occured, which made it so that I couldn't accept certain jobs, which effected some characters routes.Overall it was a good game, and I quite enjoyed it."
76561198035117100,Recommended,288220,10487303,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Good Boy,"I can't stop playing this game. It's fun and incredibly adictive, I tried with all characters. Found things i like and don't like about all of them. With having to juggle between keeping your grades up, working to get money and keep your partner happy is really hard work but it's all worth it in the end 9/10"
,Recommended,288220,25273540,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,"Scyclo4189 (Cia,Black Sorceress)","Backstage Pass is a visual novel that lets you take the roll of Sian Gooding, a professional makeup artist that works with her friend Adam Eaton. She is about to start college and its up to you to help her through it.The game features 15 different endings, and has animations from Studio DEEN. Now that is an impressive name for an indie game, for those of you unaware, Studio DEEN is a studio in Japan that has made a large Variety of widly known and critically acclaimed anime. Some well known anime they have done are Higurashi No naku Koro ni, Hell Girl, 07 Ghost, Fate/Stay Night and Fate/Stay Night: Unlimited Bladeworks, Umineko no Naku Koro ni, (while not a very good adaption of the vn, it is still known by the public), Hetalia World series, ETC.Wow that is an impressive company to have helping oyu out as an indie studio. On to the important part of the review, the game.This game, oh man, this game is a good visual novel. I am currently trying to get Adam as romance. I will then return to try to get all the other endings. Anyway, this game is an amazing game. The art is really good, the dialogue is good with little to no typos, and there is full voice acting, aside from Sian but I usually just try to do a voice, not easy being a guy and all, regardless, this game is amazing I would highly reccomend this to anyone who wants to play a really good visual novel.There are some bugs with the voice acting, for instance I was talking to Lloyd, and for some reason his line was said with Benito's voice. Which is fine and all its a tad bit jarring, there was another time when I was talking with Benito and he spoke in Adam's voice, but thats it, there are also some comical issues with the voice acting where you will hear multiple takes of the line someone said, but its usually only with background characters and happened to me only 3 times. Either way, i would give this game a 7/10. Really good, would like a bit of these issues solved, as it is jarring and takes away from the Immersion. Regardless this game is really good, I would advise play through the game once without any help from walkthroughs, as it will be fun. I did it and almost ended with a 4.0, sadly it was a 3.99 but all well. Anyway, try this vn it is really good!"
,Recommended,288220,21190156,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mim,"Not a bad game; I'd say it's worth it if you're into the whole stat raising thing and like to go through a bunch of trial and error to get different endings, considering this one has 16 endings for you to spend more or less 80 hours on, considering that at least two of the routes I've already finished took me about 5 hours to complete (or maybe I'm just very slow).Getting straight to the point, it gets repetitive, expected out of a stat raising otome. I wouldn't say it's repetitive to the point you just want to bash your head into the computer screen though, seeing as there are certain events from time to time, depending on whether you accept an offer or not, on what you decided to do that week, and some specific things, which I accidentally did before looking at the guide and seeing that X thing would only trigger by doing Y and Z before.The art also isn't bad; the backgrounds were nicely done, and the sprites for each character is ""unique"", I guess you could say. Many times I've seen otomes having some sort of same-face syndrome with their handsome men and cute girl sprites, after all. Considering this is the same artist that has worked on RE: Alistair, sakevisual's first project if I'm not mistaken, it's impressive how much they've improved (though I must also admit their other artworks are just as great). I guess my only problems with the sprites are Matthew's chin when in front view and Adam's palm tree hair, but other than that, they're all unique on their own ways.Though speaking of the characters, relating to their personalities, I did find them to be unique and endearing as well, or maybe the proper word would be amusing. Some dialogue lines too made me smirk to myself, mainly Mr. Newton's there, though some things seemed a tad bit forced, like the fanboy tutor (though he is still a lovely character). Then again, as much as I'd like to say there are no people that act the way he does, I have a friend that's pretty much like he is, both online and offline. The heroine was also nicely done, and a fresh change from the, usually, meeks ones I tend to see, mainly because my main focus tends to be Eastern otomes though, and social values all differ, but anyways. Depending on your choices, you can make her out to be hardworking, teasing and flirty at times, or a lazy bum that can even get expelled out of college. Though I don't really think there was much room for development for her, from start to finish, since she seemed pretty much the same to me, but my views may change as I go through other routes.Another system I enjoyed is the ability to change clothes depending on the season, something like Tokimeki Memorial, there being certain styles the boys prefer and may mention about when in a date. My only peeve is that you couldn't wear things bought during other seasons, because I mean, I have shirts that I'll wear from Spring to Winter and the cycle continues. I can understand not wearing a thick jacket and a pair of boots during Summer, but a skirt or shirt bought during Spring should also be alright once Summer rolls around.As for the voice acting, I'm not so sure on whether I enjoyed them or not; there were some parts where the cast did a good job, and others that seemed a bit too superficial. The voice choice for each character wasn't bad, you see, but I guess it just didn't feel very natural to me at certain points.Now finally, as for the story, I'd say it's pretty straightforward, though I don't have much to comment since I only finished two routes, at the moment. You raise your stats, you get job offers, get money to buy things, depending on your choices you may go for friendship or lover route, you can give them presents during Christmas or their birthdays, you can hang out, and in the end there's the usual life lesson one or both of the characters learn once their bond deepends enough. Though personally, at least the romantic endings, aren't so satisfying; you bone'em, and then that's it. It'd be interesting if there were some sort of after-story rather than just finishing it right at the moment, like showing how they're doing a few months after getting together. It just feels a little ""incomplete"" to me, as if the endings were done a bit on a rush.Overall, it's not a perfect game, but it's enjoyable and has its own charms, like many other games, I'd say. Bonus points for getting Mili to compose the opening there though; they're one of my favourites."
76561198122961157,Recommended,288220,13952772,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,pokelegomon,Love this game! The characters are interesting and the art work is amazing. The characters you can interect with are charming. I already have a favorite character in the game. It's a perfect grafic novel for girls. I find some of the characters completely adorable. I also like how they use English names for the characters. I'm very imprested with thestory line considering it's the beta. I don't see any typos so far it's clear that the producers spent a lot of effort trying to make this a good game. I especally like how Matthew is shy dispite being a modle and the british voice John has. I would completely recommend this game to any girl who likes anime. By far this is my one of my favorite anime games. I would love to see how much improvement the game will have after it officaly comes out.
,Recommended,288220,25516537,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Vitamin H,"Full Review On YouTubeA stunningly ambitious, sprawling stat-raiser with compelling characters and a ton of replayability. Some routes are more difficult than others, but overall this game is an insane achievement. This may just be the best Western otome game out there.Pros:-Sixteen endings, all of which have distinct and varied plots-Complex, multi-faceted characters who're charming and memorable-Mature, realistic storytelling that doesn't fall into the typical otome ""tropes""-Incredibly high production values, the music, art and animations are all top-notch-Up to around eighty hours of gameplay, depending on whether you're a completionist or notCons:-Ending requirements can be fairly strict, and some routes require a LOT of stat juggling-Important events aren't always telegraphed - you'll sometimes miss out on a romantic date because you had already agreed to work on that day.Overall, this game is incredibly impressive, and a must-play for any fan of otome visual novels."
,Recommended,288220,26635940,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,KawaiiCabbage,"Backstage Pass is the first game I purchased on Steam. I play otome games regularly, one of my favourite otome games of all time has to be Amnesia: Memories which I highly recommend but I have to say this is by far one of the best I have played. The artwork is lovely and the storyline is intriguing. I really appreciate the effort that has been put in to creating this game. I hope sakevisual make another otome game with a similar art style but obviously different story.My favourite character is Nichole, her personality was not what I expected. I predicted her to be a really nasty piece of work but she soon became quite friendly. She is also very cute and ambitious. My least favourite character has to be Matthew because his shyness is not appealing to me.I have gained half of the achievements for this game after playing it for 33 hours. In that time I have not gotten an achievement for any romantic and friendship routes.Forever alone. 9/10 -KawaiiCabbage."
76561198104589275,Recommended,288220,12848687,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,LookIDidntWantToBeAGamer,"I really enjoyed playing this game! The artwork was nothing to look down on and the characters themselves are some of the most realistic characters I've ever seen/interacted with in any visual novel game I've played!Even though it's still in early access, the storylines are well written and the characters personalities are unique. The only thing I mildly dislike is the fact that there is a lot of reading and not as many choices as I'd like. But that's my own opinion.I thoroughly enjoyed the feature where you could change your character's outfits. Honestly I've never come across that in other visual novel games where you can actually decide what top goes with which bottom.So I reccomend this game to people who like visual novels with stories that will draw you in and make you like the characters more!(Edit made 21/12/2014)I have come across a problem with the loading feature, I don't want to change my review suddenly but it's too big to ignore. If I try to load a saved game it will play the scene to the end of the sequence then it will freeze and soon after send me back to the title screen."
,Recommended,288220,22139641,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Errapel,"Fun and challenging.I loved this game. It's nice to see a 'dating' sim where romance isn't the only option. You can take friendship routes with each of the main love interests (weirdly you can't be 'friends' with more than one per playthrough).You can also go independant, which, unusually for a dating sim, is not a lose condition. The 'worst' ending of the game is being expelled, and that's hard to get wihtout actively trying.It IS hard to get any specific ending, getting the 'good' endings is really hard work, requiring high stats, and correct choices throughout. More than once I thought I'd done everything right, only to find I'd missed a key choice or stat, and had a very mediocre ending.The game also contains a saphic love interest (always nice to see!) and a 'romance' path with an aesexual character (nice to see ace people represented in games).In short I loved this game, and have sunk a LOT of hours into it. It's still being devloped, so at the moment there are a few bugs, but even so it is very enjoyable."
,Recommended,288220,10413265,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,sarahstar15,"This game is imcomplete, that's a given. But does it make it a terrible game? Not by a long shot. Backstage Pass is a very good visual novel/simulater type game. Is it worth $29.99? Maybe not now, but when it's officially released, it could be.I play a lot of visual novel like games and I have to say, this is definitely at the top of my list. It has beautiful artwork, and interesting storyline, and plenty of multiple endings. I especially like making cupcakes in the game! ^-^Backstage Pass had definite potential of being an awesome game worthy of it's price, but if you don't like playing beta games, don't buy it just yet."
76561198113264725,Recommended,288220,11058820,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Lonley Planet,"Bit of fun, Starting story line a bit long but once you get into it .......you gonna wish they hurry up and make the rest of it lol"
76561198008559747,Recommended,288220,11183005,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,lightmana,I think this game has a very interesting setting and many routes open to explore.I enjoyed every part of it. Really looking forward to the actual release
76561198168854164,Not Recommended,288220,16813199,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Ghostgirl,"this is my first review and i doupt i'm very good at writing the but i wanted to bring this up.  The game is really fun and i love it, until the end, no matter what i do i can't get it to save my endings.  I have max hearts and am on the charicter path but it just wont save any ending or mark that i've done it.  It's a fun game but (at least for me) it feels like withouta ending almost everything i've done is pointless..."
76561198212240423,Recommended,288220,22736756,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,GamerGirl,"OMG, This otome game is simply amazing! Totally not what I was expecting. The graphics are amazing, the character's Cg's are totally fangirl worthy, and I actually do enjoy the gameplay of it.Just finished the romance route with Adam! It was really cool, though I know this game is still under devloping, but there is so much good potential!  The Voice Acting is pretty good too. I was first a little un-sure about English voice actors being used to listening to Japanese ones, but this definitely blew me a way.A suggestion I would like to make is to add maybe different kind of soundtracks while certain events were happening. Hopefully the endings too could use a little more work, as when you finished a route, it all ends suddenly. But I am eagerly waiting to see what else comes next! :D"
,Not Recommended,288220,16947940,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,sugarslaughter,"I usually doesn't give bad review about otome games because I want to see more of them but this game was such a disappointment. It's been a whole year and we still waiting for the voices . The story is too short for that price. Even the raising stats become boring at some point. The art good tough. Such a shame because I was a big fan of RE:Alistair and I was really waiting for this game thinking it will be a big hit. Now I'm just crying over my lost money. For that price go buy yo jin bo, same price but more storyline and dude to date. Avoid this game unless you have a lot of money in your pocket and even if you have that much money go spend it on charity at least someone will be happy. I might seem harsh but really I feel like the person who make the game was just thinking about riding the popular wave of otome games it's a shame for the community. A lot of free otome games are better than this one."
,Recommended,288220,12927659,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Lt. Fumika,Best game ever
,Recommended,288220,11467684,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,pichu_318,"Before I start the actual review I would like to point out that I only have done ONE ending so far.This is a great game. I love how you get to customize what you do on a weekly basis as well as all of the clothes. All of the guys are really cute (though I feel like a bit of a pedofile for Benito o.e)What this needs is more places you can save the game. I want to be able to save before I choose what I want for the next week. There have been so many times where I needed to stop playing, and I can't stop because I want to finish the week AND weekend."
,Recommended,288220,13042262,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Silver Nova,"This is probably one of my favorite Otome games I've played, and I've played more than I'd like to admit. Fact of the matter is, this is a great game, and yes it isn't officially released and the voice acting wasn't done forever and there are no updates, on Steam or the SakeVisual website, but guess what? Their Tumblr has lots of updates and even explains why the game doesn't have full voices yet, the tl;dr version is that the studio gave the space and time to a bigger game and so they actually couldn't get it done but now it has voice acting though I always disable that stuff anyways. It is a great game, not exactly worth the price and the route's can be quite difficult but that's what people want from otome games half the time, half the challenge is figuring out how to romance your favorite or getting a secret route, now granted I said ♥♥♥♥ that and looked up a guide but that's because I value the destination in games more so than the journey. Maybe try and get a discount before buying it but other than that, this is a fantastic game with a really beautiful art style and at this point most VN/Dating Sims make me run away because of the art.tl;dr go tosakevisual.tumblr.comand maybe wait for a sale? steer clear if you dislike trying to figure out how to romance the characters and don't wanna use a guide"
,Recommended,288220,23923357,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Draygonfly,"I have had this game on my wishlist for a few years. To be honest, it was mostly the price that kept me from purchasing.Yesterday, I decided to finally bite the bullet and purchase it.You guys? This was worth every penny.I found the characters to be really well written, and I found myself smiling and laughing along with happy moments and jokes alike. and not the ""heh, that was cute"" like straight up laughing.The Art is -fantastic-. I liked a lot of the music, and honestly, the backgrounds for the characters are really well done. I felt as though I wanted to learn about all of them. I don't want to spoil anything, but the devs did a really great job.The replay value is high, since there are many different endings you can strive for. Bought this last night, got two endings and I've got 9.2 hours on record as I write this.I  wasn't sure how I was supposed to -get- the endings. There isn't any huge hint on what some of the guys like or what you strive for. My first ending, I didn't end up with any of them, which was fine, because I aced school (nerd!) and my second ending I ended up with John, who I have seen that many people struggle to get, so obviously I was doing something right?I did struggle with all the different gift options I could get, but couldn't give them out. Both endings, I had a whole bunch of gifts sitting there, that I never had a chance to use, and they were a waste of money. I was hoping that when you invited characters out, they would get used, but the did not. it would be a nice feature to add those in as options to gift when hanging out with the characters, similar to how cupcakes are. (cupcakes are also part of the game, so it gets bonus points just for that!)The game is really fantastic. I'm only sorry that I put it off for so long. 10/10"
,Recommended,288220,24405084,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,RizaDeadEye,"honestly, i love this game. the characters are so diverse in personality and route wise. i've played multiple visual novels and this is personally one of my favorites. the voices fit the characters SOOOOO WELL. the writing is absolutely superb, and the romance is fantastic! there are a few issues ive had with the game personally. matthews route seems to be bugged, i even followed a walkthrough for the super happy ending and still did not get it. i highly recommend this game to anyone who loves vn. the stats are a bit tideous but compared to the story i dont think its too much of a bother. if i could change one thing, it would be to have a romance arc with Llyod as well. ut otherwise i am completely satistfied with this game. considering its still in early access, im hoping there's more to come! <3"
76561198268228072,Recommended,288220,24736022,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SimmahV,"Dude, Benito is the smoothest guy in this game, I totally didn't see anything he did coming and it's hilarious. The characters are lovable and the game is challenging with all the balance out stuff. Still loving this game."
,Recommended,288220,25123331,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ljn369,I love this game and now that is out offically I'm happy to come out a tell people to get it.This game this a otome game were you play as a girl named Sian Goodin. Sian is just starting her frist year in collage and you must deside how she does this. There are four main boys (and some side people) that you can pick from and become a good friend or something more.The one main thing I like about this game is that there are so many differnt ends (like 3 per person) that you can play this many times and get something differnt. So if you are looking for another Visual Novel/Otome that won't be to quick or to long and boring this is for you.
,Recommended,288220,10378660,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,♫ 夏天,"There's few problem in the game. The winter season thingy, i forgot to buy those outfit and i amm stuck at the wardrobe forever :( Maybe change it to like ermm.. we can choose any outfit by that time, but then our costumes might affect further events.Others, it's all good!"
76561198066787349,Recommended,288220,10389412,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Golfchicken,Wow this game is great I can't wait for the update of the game :) It will be even better than before! :D
76561198132310684,Recommended,288220,13866818,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jolcikss,"``````` PLEASE HELP ```````I recomend this game because it's the best otome game i've ever played there's just one single thing I do not get and if anyone who has alredy at least finished one route with the best ending then please help: I don't know how to get the best ending with a a characket, am I supposed to have all the hearts and the stars too for the character when it finishes or do have to do something completley else? Please help it would mean the world to me :)"
,Recommended,288220,21042609,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kate,HOLY FREAKING FLYING FOODOODLE11/10~mlgpros10000000/10~all VN fansme love game ok everyone who dosent like can go away okamazing storyamazing arthard awardscharacter cgs hard to geti want ending movieyour welcome~reveiwd by pro vn player
,Recommended,288220,13292675,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Tet,I Love This Game 10/10 Stop look at the Review and Buy it Already!!!! Jeezzs all the guys are HOOTT
,Recommended,288220,30675097,Posted: 22 March,all,Nemi,"Really well-made game! Though, I guess I'd love it more if it didn't have all this stat-managing, but then again I can't blame the game for being what it is."
76561198118106928,Recommended,288220,30185425,Posted: 25 February,all,LingeringLight,It's Cute and Funny so I like it very much.10/10
76561198168287586,Recommended,288220,31886743,Posted: 21 May,all,CandyReaper,"I'll make this review as quickly as possible. I liked this game. The story is good and you can easily relate to the story and character. However, I would've personally liked a bit more story and a little less of building stats, which I feel that I did for hours! It makes it a bit hard to replay the game to get another character's ending. However, I knew that when getting the game and I know that my type of game is more like Re Alistair. But don't let this discourage you because when there was story, it was good and just makes you smile like a goof.Also little spoiler, there is secret second characters that you can have an ending with, which is a nice addition! And it's worth it to try and find how to get them."
,Recommended,288220,25155417,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Firefly,"First impressions...Probably one of the best VN's I have ever played. On or off Steam. Clearly lots of thought/detail went into this. Lots of different scenes! Pretty artwork. Really good voice acting. Can tell there will a lot of replayability to get all the different endings. Music is alright. Nothing memorable but not annoying either.Only 4 guys you can date though? Ehhh. The one thing I do like about it though, that while the options seem limited (maybe I can unlock other dates later) - the guys don't really fall into the standard tropes of other game characters. I mean they do, but they don't. If you have played other games on Steam like Pub Encounter or Office Lovers or Dangerous Romance you will know what I mean. You know, the tsundere guy (I guess would be John maybe?) or the guy who is lovable but kinda slow/clumsy? (Adam?) IDK... I feel like the personality types in this game are a bit more...complex and fluid. Hard to put it into words but it seems more natural and less forced/formulaic, which I appreciate. It's more fun to play.I am very excited there is at least one female romance option in this game! Bi and gay girls rejoice!!! ^_^However, I am sad that you cannot - I repeat - cannot!!! date Lloyd. D: D: D: Srsly wtf, devs? Throw me a bone here. Let me patch dat sh!t. Or like, update with bonus content or something, gahhhh. Dyin' here. ;___;Would even be willing to pay for it in DLC despite already paying $25 for this game. (I waited over a year to buy this b/c I could not bring myself to pay the full price for it with all the negative reviews due to it being in greenlight limbo status for so long sans voiceovers and so forth.) If this game did NOT have the good voice overs it has...I doubt I would have bought it at nearly full price!! Still think it's worth it tho...that aside... the guys...from my POV thus far:Adam - oni-chan/big brother type. sweet but kinda lazy/boring.Matthew - awkward shy/nervous prettymanboy dudeJohn - tsundere @S$hole with a deep, emo, mysterious side. probably the oldest (?) dateable dude (OK he is kinda growing on me a bit, hah. Must be the accent.)Ben(ito) - high energy youthful spirited one. perceptive and kindly. a bit immature. ((sadly I doubt I will go for him just due to the fact that my ex BF IRL was a magician and he was a total cucksucka who ruined magicians for me forever.... SORRY BENITO I JUST CAN'T...))Nicole - the only female romance option AFAIK...don't know enough about her yet but first impression = vapid teenybopper. (OK turns out she has many layers... will need to peel those back on my 2nd go through!!)Alvin - AHHH omfg, Alvin. So far my favorite character. What can I say? I always fall for this type... but you know, he is apparently only a friend option so wtf? I think that is b.s... LOL. highly recommend this route though if you like awkward and nerdy but sweet guys.Also I don't know if anyone else noticed this or not but... the main character... (yes her name is pretty awful Sian pronounced like Shawn? really?! wtf. I just hope it grows on me. lol...) she has really bad anxiety/claustrophobia/maybe agoraphobia. This isn't really represented much in games like this at all... or in games, period. So as an individual suffering from anxiety problems, this makes me happy to see. Few of my friends seem to understand it. Sometimes I just don't. Like. Going. Out. Or Crowds... just sayin'. I hope it raises awareness for others with similar issues... though to quote Sian ""IT'S NOT A FLAW."" lol. <3It is weird hearing a girl referred to as a Shawn/Sean/Shaun. That's my boyfriend's name IRL, so it is very odd. Took me some getting used to but I am slowly not noticing it anymore.lastly.... everytime the main char states she is uncertain about a major I am like screaming at the screen PICK ENGINEERING YOU DUMB TW4T....MAKE MONEY TO TAKE CARE OF YO SICK @$$ PARENTS. DON'T BE A FAKKIN BARISTA FOR ALL YO LIFE. don't be a homeless crack addict. be an accountant. or be a pole dancer.....IDK..... sh!t. then again in this game you somehow magically know all these famous people even though you grew up semi isolated in Hawaii... it never says what island she is from but I can only assume Oahu? (they only say ""one of the smaller ones...) anyway... I felt like at some points in this game you end up either p!ss broke or just wiping your bum with $100 bills, hah. so random.also if you wanna unlock every ending, be prepared to use a guide. there is a really good one in the Steam discussions group... otherwise be prepared to rip out some hair."
76561198129851173,Recommended,288220,12651754,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,htown707,I enjoyed this one.
,Not Recommended,288220,11458189,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,.:Kacenty:.,This game is pretty decent considering.It has a LOT of text. Most of which isnt needed which made me have to press skip on half the game.The guys you can choose to date don't exactly stirr up any emotions in me. No backstory or any type of depth to them. They're kind of just pretty faces to go for. Character developement is lacking a bit for your character as well~Overall I give this game 5/10The price for the game is not worth it.
76561198023270186,Not Recommended,288220,11553366,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,BishieFanatic,"Games like this should never be in Early Access! This is a visual novel game, otome game. Which means you pick which boy you want to go with and stick to his route till the end. It's very pretty, but to be on early access and finish the game, just to replay it again? No.    The price extremely high as well. Good thing I was gifted this.  If you are interested in this game, wait for it to FULLY finish before playing it. Which might be a month or two before it is.6/10."
76561198138717127,Recommended,288220,10414184,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Nettenette,"This game is pretty good so far. I really like the story. I've only played Adam's and Matthew's routes so far. Pretty sure things went well with Adam. I think I got in good with Matt? It just kinda went back to the title screen, but I suppose that's because the game isn't 100% done.  I'm looking forward to the finished product!"
,Recommended,288220,10465415,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,☆ spoopy sarah ★,"Since this game is a beta, I'll change my review/opinion once the full version comes out.After spending roughly 4 hours into the game trying to get the game mechanics, I'm enjoying it so far. As a visual novel/otome fan myself, I knew I'd enjoy it from the start (as I've had my eye on this game ever since it was announced). I love the characters (I have my eye on you, Matthew...), the main character herself (she's quirky, shy, not afraid to speak her mind), and the story so far.  I like that you can change clothes and get different ones depending in the seasons. And this is where I found my first game-breaking glitch: I had 2 Winter pieces, but didn't have enough money to get Winter footwear. I thought this was no problem, since by the time I got some money I'd get it. But then the game forces me to get into my Winter clothing and I'm basically stuck in the clothing choice panel (and no way of going back but to start a new game, since I didn't save prior to that...) Aside from that, no major problems."
76561198126557669,Recommended,288220,17466499,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ataashi,"It is an excellent game but it must be played correctly. It has many hot, interesting boys and the art and plot are VERY good. It's a little too easy to not be able to get the love ending and just the normal ending however."
,Recommended,288220,16857472,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kitteh,"Don't let the price fool you,  it's insanely worth it if you are looking for a visual novel that is so story packed.  It's well thoughtout,  and the storylines are simply amazing.  It's not your average visual novel however,  this is taking you through an entire year of life through Sian's eyes.  there are four men within the story that you can build relationships with,  one of them you already have a backstory with,  the other three you do not.  As the year progresses you will learn that keeping in contact with these men is vital,  but also impressing them is twice as important.   The game comes with a feature where you can dress Sian in certain outfits for each season that passes by the year.   If you get a correct combination,  the man you are trying to impress,  or a man in general who you haven't tried to impress may compliment you on that outfit.  The other way is perhaps waiting for certain holidays to come by,  buying them things you think they would enjoy would be best so pay attention to what these men tell you.  You may even be invited to certain events with them if you play your cards correctly.  This will build up hearts in the statistics section when you reach the weekend.There are other cute activities that you can do,  such as checking the message boards,  or checking your email for jobs to earn some of that extra cash.  All in the way to describe this game is you will not have a dull moment,  and you will not believe that it's an entire year of a makeup artists life."
,Recommended,288220,17764116,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Crozmatron,I really enjoy this game! The artwork is lovely and the characters each have really cute personal stories that are easy to read and get sucked in to. Would happily recommend for others :)
,Recommended,288220,17576351,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kiki-Chan,"From what I've played of it so far, I loved it."
76561198072506040,Recommended,288220,17447443,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,"Ban, the sin of greed","to describe this game as simply as I can: X3 X3 X3. 'nough said. XDto ACTUALLY describe the game as simply as I can: X3 it's amazing, adorable, and rather squee-inducing if you get close enough to any of the guys. (I like Ben's route a lot!) I do also adore adam, and, yes, even john (especially near the end of his route X3).  I hope that Lloyd can become a possible romance/friendship route."
,Recommended,288220,16770731,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DaebaknaeVIXX87,"I'm anxiously awaiting the completion of this game. Honestly, I suck at figuring out how to get the best endings in these games, and even after playing this one through probably ten times, I still needed the help of others to NOT end the game utterly alone.  Hahahaha :) But it's all good, because it is a fun challenge. I love the romance. I REALLY hope that they let you romance Lloyd and Alvin too, but we shall see. I love the music and the art.  None of the characters are particularly annoying either, which is a major plus.  It's a good long game that you can spend lots of hours on.  I'll be honest and say that I have absolutely no desire to get the ""friendship"" routes, so I can't comment on those, but I'm sure I'll probably end up with a few of them through the course of trying to romance the pants off of the guys. ;)"
,Recommended,288220,16506439,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ringmasterxred,"It's fun to play and well-written, but it is unfinished and at this time it is not worth paying the full price.  Once it's full finished, though, I think it would definitely be worth it.  The art is lovely and the game is well-made.  Once finished, it'll be fully voiced in English as well.  I also appreciate that there are female routes."
,Recommended,288220,16655790,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Miva,"I saw this game recently and got intrigued by the trailer and art style.I was really excited to see a VN/otome game that has the similar ""choose what to do during the day"" and ""buy and dress up your character"" as the Tokimeki Memorial: Girl's Side. After seeing that screenshot, I knew I was going to like the game. I've been looking for something like that and replaying Tokimeki wasn't satisfying me. The art is far better and the MC is very adorable. Sure, she has some flaws and is still (maybe) a bit of damsel-with-crowd-issues but at least she's still a far better MC than any other VNs I've played before.I don't mind that it's not VOed. Just listening to the music is nice too. The writing is good. I'm playing on a mac and so far no bugs and no typos. And it's really cool that she's working on TV/entertainment business. It's definitely a setting that I haven't seen yet. Again, stressing the fact that she's not your average powerless girl. She actually has a job and is good at it.If any of you played Tokimeki, you'd definitely enjoy this. If you don't like status-raising type of VN then you probably won't like it. Still, bug your friend to buy it for you and try it for yourself (you cheapskate) perhaps you'd like it."
76561198051975494,Recommended,288220,16159474,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,chubling,"This was almost exactly what I want out of a dating sim. Really, really fun, great characters, cool game play and NOT ONE CHARACTER♥♥♥♥♥♥♥MINE."
,Recommended,288220,13786471,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rabbit,"So I'm still working my way through... but I love it so far! I've watched some playthroughs of similar games (Doger is awesome), but this is the first time I've done a playthrough! I really love it ^.^!As someone who is really new to this type of game, I wish there was more direction as to how to unlock certain areas... but perhaps that sort of thing comes with experience? All the same- I'll keep playing!"
76561198026706613,Recommended,288220,13865694,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,brainlessgal,"Even though the game is still in early access (apperantly they have had issues with reccording the voices) I have been quite happy with my purchase. The routes are fun, and even the side routes have become some of my favorite story lines. Sian is likable and even my least favorite paths have things that make me smile. A well done and charming dating sim."
76561198291306981,Recommended,288220,21991864,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SSCT,nothing but love
76561198079656760,Recommended,288220,25264785,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,707ismyloveandlife,"I reccomend this game buuuuut I ran into a problem, winter hit and I don't have any wintery shoes. Anyone know what to do?"
,Recommended,288220,10492254,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Elavex,"I can actually change this now, and I do honestly really like this game. I've gone through it a few times (John is awesome) and I can say if you like both a management kind of game or visual novels you might actually find this one pretty interesting. There are quite a few paths, with a few hidden ones floating around and quite a bit of content just outside of the obvious things as well. The voice acting is something I actually like for the most part, a few characters I don't care for but that's just me. Overall I'd have to say the game is quite worth getting for those fans of visual novels and dating simulators.(Also cupcakes and outfit collectings is fairly amusing)"
,Recommended,288220,16898965,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,under stars,"Fun! Happy about the sort of hidden female dating option, a nice touch.There is a difficulty though that's very frustrating. Not even the most detailed guide can assure you'll get the best ending and epilogue."
,Recommended,288220,19858059,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,死のウサギ,"Update: So I've played through several routes but ONLY with the help of some guides. Which unfortunately not a lot of people play this game it seems so only a handful are dedicated to writing out guides. I still wish the game was longer but it is possible to jam pack all the grinding into a single year. With some routes though you have to have days almost exact with what you do otherwise you won't get their best romance route. It IS a grinding game, however they do try to throw in a few cutscenes every time you do specific tasks or go out with people so it's not too monotonous.Pros:-It has a good story line.-I haven't, in my experience, played a dress up otome game like it.-There are a good number of characters to hang out with and choose from to date.-There are cute friend routes and romance routes.-Even though there hasn't been an update in a while on here they ARE updating their Facebook page. And they are finding voice actors/actresses and slowly progressing the game. It's just slow.Cons:-The main character is the normal shy type/anxiety prone.-The game clearly isn't finished. Overlooking the voice actors and such it leaves a bit to be desired. I personally think it should have been extended to four years instead of just one.-It is not worth the price it's listed at. There isn't enough content to be set to that price but they are certainly going in the right direction.-There aren't enough outfits and the outfits are set to specific seasons. In order to be a dress up type game I think there should be wayyyy more outfit options. Also there are some sweater tops that can't be worn in the Winter which just doesn't make sense to me. Or the same for some Spring tank tops in Summer.All in all I like the idea, and the game but it definitely needs to be finished."
76561198068364810,Recommended,288220,18747408,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Anne,"EDIT: Since the game has finally gotten an update which includes a full voice-over and seems to be running quite nicely now - as promised - I'm changing my review. I'd very much recommed picking up this title, if university-stardom otome games are your thing.Old review:The art is beautiful, the music is nice and the story is great. The characters are very likeable and it'd overall be an amazing VN, if it wasn't for a few major things:- The game isn't finished yet and we haven't heard from the developers for ages. There are no updates on the game either, not even on their websites. They've been recording voices for the game for... more than a year now? I'm afraid the game development is dead, which makes me a bit meh about spending money on it as it is.- The game is full of bugs and it's like it hasn't been prof-read yet. Some of the bugs prevents you from picking certain choices in the game. I've even contacted the developers, informing them of some bugs, which i've been thanked for, but these bugs haven't been fixed yet.When the bugs are fixed and the features that's been promised have been implemented, i'd certainly recommend buying this game. But for now, i'd stay clear."
,Recommended,288220,20201595,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,A Crusty Senpai,If you don't mind the stat management this is a great game with a great story. most people would go into this expecting a standard choice based VN will be dissapointed but i recommend this to people who are willing to learn the characters likes and dislikes and get in touch with them will be greatly rewarded with some deep characters and surprising development in the main character dependent on your stats even the alone endings aren't bad they show how the character changed. In short this is a good game if you have the time and patience if you don't then i recommend something else but i have nothing but love for this game.
76561198034220790,Recommended,288220,12892177,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MagnificentAurora,They should be ashamed... When I first did my review it exploded with nothing but positive things to say. But I haven't played it in ages because they hadn't finished it. Later I check on it and they STILL HAVEN'T FINISHED IT? Since when does an early access game take as long as this has? This is why I'm revoking my positive review. They're out of touch with the people looking forward to this.------UPDATED 1/9-2016-------Good job sakevisual! Finally progress. There's still minor dialoug errors here and there but their voice efforts have paid off immensely. Whatever the finishing touches are can only make it better. You have my full backing here on out. There's FINALLYYYYY enough there to fully support after what... forever? My only frustration before was the lack of news updates where they were but now it doesn't even matter at this point. Keep going.
,Recommended,288220,17199310,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Wea Wea Boo,"One of the best visual novel/sim games that i have played. It has so much replay value to it. There are so many endings to it and its also a decent ""strategy"" game by planning your events out. Do not forget to check emails daily you will miss out on cool oppurtunities. It has great art, a pleasing story, and unique set of characters. It only has slight audio sounds ""yeahs, heys, no, etc"". I rate this title 9/10. Finished the benito route.Update 1/18/16 They have updated sounds for charcters :) finished the golden prince route"
76561198215857911,Recommended,288220,20056228,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Samonsea,"Good length, Liked the story alot.  A bit buggy though, I could not read the emails in the slightest and I could not watch the opening video but the music still played.  If bugs were fixed this would make the ideal game.  Once debugged and voices added, it will be worth its price.  RIght now?  Not so much."
76561198052386939,Recommended,288220,21290204,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,wrayvinmane,"Love It!It has a slow start and takes awhile before you can start making choices but once it does it's fantastic.I've played many, many otome games and have a few in my steam library. Many of the otome games I've started have barely been touched because I became bored too quickly with characters or story but not with this one even though it does start out slow.Though the romance is a bit too innocent for my liking I found myself smiling through multiple routes and even laughing out loud during a couple scenes. I think that the voice overs have a lot to do with that since it adds to the characters personality ( Love, love Johns voice and John and Lloyds interactions are so fun to listen to).The art is great and the characters all have their own special personality and quirks that makes them worth multiple playthroughs. After playing it I think it would be worth the full price but I waited for it to go on sale. Totally worth the sales price for sure.Because there are so many options I would recommend a hints page for those that don't want to waste tons of time trying to get on a specific route or finding the more elusive routes. Each character has an affinity for different outfits, movies, cupcakes, gifts and lunches as well as specific stat builds. For those that like to go no hints, more power to you. It's fun either way.Pros (for me)Art is great.Voices are awesome! Really adds to the personalities. I mean REALLY.Nice story lengths.16 endings. (romance/friendship and extra side routes)Easily replayable.Good bit of humor.Lots of unlockable achievments through steam.Cons (for me)Can't romance Llyod.  I want Lloyds romance route!!!!!  Make him bi and send him my way!It does take a while before you can start making choices.Romance is a bit too innocent for me. Would like it a little more mature..they are in college for cripes sake.There are a few places that don't sync up with voice over but hardly worth mentioning.Having a hard time getting friends route endings.Can't romance Lloyd...did I mention that already?Sometimes the stats part can get a bit stale."
,Recommended,288220,21050848,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,geniraljinjur,"Fun and cute otome game.  It's early access still, but there's a lot to do.  To me it has a Persona feel where you have to balance school/work with friendships and relationships.  No monster fighting though."
,Recommended,288220,21897615,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,trixareforEVERYONE,"A lot of people are kinda 'meh' about early access but honestly, I forgot it was early access sometimes because the only problems the game had were bits of dialogue in the game were missing its audio but it was only a couple of lines and it's not even that noticable. It also has a few bugs, like when I went to load a game, sometimes the game would crash but all I had to do was start the game up again and it would work just fine. Those are the only real problems that would prevent someone from playing the game. As for the game itself, I love being able to change Sian's (pronounced 'Shawn' not 'Seeane' like I originally thought) clothes though I hope the final game will have some more options for clothing and that some of the outfits will be a little cuter (I have a thing about ankle length skirts and this game has a few of them and it kind of bothers me but that's just nitpicking).The only other thing that bothered me was the stories in the routes because I mostly found them a little boring and hope that there might be a little more drama or background information to keep people hooked in the final game. But it is still A LOT of fun and since it's still in development, the final game looks like it'll be a lot of fun. Well, I've gone on sounding like a pretentious weirdo for long enough so all I can say is, if you like otome games, this one is a fun one to play and to also check out SakeVisual for other games they've made because they are pretty fun and a lot of them are free (though only a few of them are otome games)"
,Recommended,288220,16510823,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AmayaTsuki,"I knew the game was an Early Access game, but assumed that, for the price, there'd be a bit more content.The artwork is beautiful and the music is pretty decent. All of the characters are really well written. I've played a lot of VN's and this is one of the few where I actually like all of the characters. The story is interesting and the main character is likeable. So, overall, I'd say this is a good game.There's a stat raising element that can get a little obnoxious after awhile. There's very little room for error and I had to restart A LOT  to get the good endings. I don't mind stat raising, but this one is a bit tough without a walkthrough.Like I said, for $30 you're not getting much right now. No voices. Only a few of the endings (as opposed to the 15 they say there are) and only a few of the characters are romanceable as of right now. I'd definitely recommend this game, but only after more content has been released. Until then, save your money."
76561198119640580,Recommended,288220,15942946,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Rinka,"This game is fun, but it is not yet done. And I have never once gotten a perfect ending with any of the characters. I can get the romance skill all the way up but not the friendship skills, I even started saving before I answered in any of the dialog. Mind you I got this game probably 6 months ago. I don't think it is worth it's price, but then again it's not yet complete. I do think this game would  be more worth it around $18, even if the voices where all done."
,Recommended,288220,29511054,Posted: 26 January,all,Cobalt_Tea☆,"Backstage pass is an incredible Visual novel,by a very talented group. Having played loved,their other game RE: Alistair Years ago,i was very excited to try a new game from them,and it tripled my expectations~The art is great,it has impressive and captivating intro and ending animations,a host of lovable characters (honestly,there was not a single on i didn't like) with great voices,and a story and world i found myself interested in.The main character,Sian,has an interesting personality- and one that i could personally relate to rather well.This game DOES require a lot of stat raising,which i know isn't everyone's cup of tea,but to be honest the stat raising somehow felt easier and more comfortable then some other games i've played in the past,which was great~$30 might be a bit much,but with all the play time,quality art,story and high replayablity,i assure you it's worth it- at least in my eyes~if you love visual novels,and don't mind stat raising DEFINITELY give this one a try. i'm sure you won't regret it :)"
76561198309557759,Recommended,288220,35143101,Posted: 22 September,all,ariaevans,I actually really loved this game!
76561198099049511,Recommended,288220,34756255,Posted: 5 September,all,siren7400,"I love the game, I held off buying it for a long time because I think the price is a bit too high. But eventually caved and I'm glad I did. Really enjoying so far, lots still to do! Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,288220,34620229,Posted: 30 August,all,ablobofjordan,Great !
76561198096851066,Recommended,288220,35389364,Posted: 1 October,all,Ciciella,"Backstage pass is a nice game. It has nice art, voice acting and several different romance routes. It's also LGBT+ friendly.I would recommend it.However, some of the routes (friendship routes) are really hard to get; and it can get repetitive at times.Still I enjoyed this game."
