user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,288370,9766875,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Dominic White,"Edit: Review updated as of 17/04/2014 patch.Guess I can upgrade this to a guarded recommendation. Note that this is not a review of the game itself (see reviews of Strike Suit Zero for a rough idea of how thing shake out), but rather the currently-$3 upgrade to the Director's Cut edition, assuming that you own the original Strike Suit Zero.There's no doubt that this was a rushed release - a simultaneous PC/XB1/PS4 release was almost certainly too much for a small indie outfit to chew on. Technical issues and missing features, mostly, all adding up to a Director's Cut that ended up being less worthy a purchase than the original release of the game.The patch released today has addressed several of the key problems. If you've got the hardware to make the game sing, it'll chug along at a solid 60fps with nary a hitch or stutter, and the controls feel all the more responsive for it. You can now also adjust the FOV freely, so if you thought that the game was a little claustrophobic even in third-person mode, you can widen your field of view and see more of the fight at once.There are still some problems. For some reason, the 'shadows' detail option (one of the supposed major graphical upgrades of this edition) is still greyed out for everyone, and defaults to the 'off' setting to boot. There are also some missing features (mod tools and Steam Workshop support) and content (No integration with Strike Suit Infinity, the survival mode), but those seem to be in the works currently.Problems as it may have, they've done some good work on the much-maligned campaign of the original Strike Suit Zero here. The story has been rewritten and re-voiced to flow better and generally be more coherent, and the missions themselves have been rejigged to be more exciting (dropping you into spectacular fights sooner) and fairer, with fewer suicidal NPCs to babysit and more checkpoints for if you do fail.The main value-for-money perk of the Director's Cut is if you hadn't previously bought the Heroes Of The Fleet DLC, which is included as part of the DC upgrade. If you already do have it, then the DC upgrade doesn't seem as exciting a purchase. Hopefully if they do integrate it with Strike Suit Infinity (which I'd love to see with tuned up graphics), it's inherent value would soar.Either way, it's a bit of a flawed release, but improving. It's a pity that it took so long for the developers to even acknowledge these issues, though, let alone fix them."
,Not Recommended,288370,9767230,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,fortris,"UPDATE: FOV has been re-added and shadows are supposedly being worked on, althought I have no idea why they would ship the game without shadows and FOV already working. Still wouldn't recommend in the current state, honestly just stick with the original.Bought against better judgement (only $3 meh why not), graphics don't seem improved at all, even buggier than the original, shadows and FOV options are completely disabled and the menu even has a link to DLC that doesn't work.Steam overlay won't show up, voice acting seems just as mediocre as the first (only reason I bring this up is because it was a selling point that they re-recored all the voice lines)Why does this game exist? Why make a worse verison?Will update if any of these issues get fixed, until then don't bother spending a dollar on this, let alone three."
76561197983740996,Recommended,288370,20688487,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Chane,"'Strike Suit Zero: Directors Cut' is a space combat game that lets you fly a handful of different spacecrafts, each with special abilities, on a mission to save earth from final distinction.It is impossible to write a review about this game without mentioning 'Strike Suit Zero', the game that came before 'Strike Suit Zero: Directors Cut'.The expression 'Directors Cut' automatically makes us believe that 'Strike Suit Zero' and 'Strike Suit Zero: Directors Cut' have to be more or less equal games, with only a few tiny variations, as we know from so many movies. This however, is not the case. IMO 'Strike Suit Zero' and 'Strike Suit Zero: Director Cut' are very different games. And while I do recommend the directors cut I do not recommend the original game 'Strike Suit Zero'.So what's the difference?Well, the main difference is that you have a chance to complete the game in the directors cut. You might also be able to finish the original game, but according to Steam statistics only 5.3% of all players managed to see the end of the main campaign in 'Strike Suit Zero'. So the major difference is the difficulty. 'Strike Suit Zero' gets incredibly hard at some points, even on easy, while the difficulty in the directors cut if very fair.Besides the difficulty developers changed the graphics and made the directors cut more colorful. IMO this makes the original game look more realistic. But both games look very nice.They also changed the sequences of the story dramatically. I would not say it's necessarily better, events just unfold very differently but eventually lead to the same end.Controls are also different in both games, although only slightly.One outstanding aspect of the game is the music. IMO the music of 'Strike Suit Zero' is on of the best game soundtracks ever. And while the original game comes with soundtrack and art-book, the directors cut does not. I even had the impression that not all parts of the soundtrack appear in the directors cut, although I might be wrong about that. I've started playing the music on my stereo via a MP3 stick. It's great. Go to the shop page of the original game to hear what I mean.Strike Suit Zero: Directors CutPros:- nice graphics- great music- additional simulation levels beside the main campaign that are very enjoyable- good controls, although I needed a while to get used to them- some space crafts can convert into strike suits, a space robot that can kill scores of enemies in single attacks- good, interesting story- very good voice acting- balanced and fair difficultyCons:- disappointing final level of the campaign- short campaign (13 missions)"
76561198049669050,Not Recommended,288370,9769319,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Space Cowboy,"Buyer beware! Technical issues! (Review Updated)As other reviews already describe, this game has a lot of technical issues which makes it pretty much useless right now.Worst offender for me is the framerate which is locked at 47 FPS no matter the settings and the game stutters terribly at that which renders it pretty much unplayable. But other things like the disabled shadow option and FOV slider as well as the missing steam workshop support are also true. And yes the textures are much blurrier than in the original for some reason, even after restarting the game. I also have to mention the missing support for languages other than english which is just blatant false advertising and quite frankly an absolute audacity although despite being german I'm not personnally affected since my english is sufficient to understand the game. (It seems that the language issue was fixed - now you can select the language from the tab in the games properties in steam - the texture blur is fixed as well)What's also pretty worrying is that none of the issues are being addressed by Born Ready Games at the time of this writing and that's always a bad sign (Obviously that point isn't valid anymore for the texture and language issues, but the framerate issues still aren't acknowledged).So I'd strongly advice everyone to wait and see if these issues get fixed before you consider buying it.Dependent on the fixes they put out if any I will amend the review.Edit: I can confirm that the texture blur and missing languages are fixed, now. However the framerate still remains choppy as it was before. If they can fix that as well I will change the review immediatly to a recommendation based on its technical state. That won't cover the gameplay, of course, I'll check that out if I'm able to play the game smoothly.Update: Practically all issues are being addressed by the developers and they pledged to work on it - that also includes support for DX10 graphics cards in addition to the other issues. Not enough to recommend a purchase, right now, of course, but here's hoping that it'll turn out well in the long run.Another update: Man, news are rolling out by the minute on this one. Despite the information on the news page which says otherwise, one of the devs just confirmed that the 85% discount for owners of the original will NOT be time limited. So you have the time to wait until all technical issues are fixed.Update: The DX10 patch is out but I can't test this since I have a DX11 card. Anyway, the framerate is still in the gutter - no change there. So the negative review stays.More Update: The patch which is supposed to fix the framerate lock and the stuttering didn't work for me unfortunately - now the game is capped at exactly 50 FPS throughout the whole game, including the menus - previously it only happened during gameplay. Also the stuttering is still there. What a disappointment!Edit: Alright, got it working at 60FPS sorta, kind of ish. First I had to set my Logitech F710 gamepad to Direct Input instead of XInput and then the game started of at 60FPS. Now when I start the first mission it starts off at 55FPS (still stutters) and at the time the Arcadia jumps away it reaches 60FPS. That's as far as I got last evening so I don't know if it stays like that. Oh and you need to leave V-Sync activated, otherwise the game stutters and framerate jumps between 60 and 64 FPS. What a mess! But good enough to try out the game itself so I'll see if the stuttering comes back or if it's just at the beginning of the mission.Oh, nevermind, the game just does what it wants - sometimes it starts up at 60 FPS, sometimes it starts at 50 FPS and sometimes it reverts to 60 after changing the control input option. It's just a giant mess!"
,Recommended,288370,9775454,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Nibelhim,"If looking at this game as a standalone and forgetting everything that came before it, this game is amazing. Great story, fun gameplay, fast pace, decent music, nice steam backgrounds. ^^If we are comparing this to Strike Suit Zero:Graphics are more pixelated and less detailed. Random Camera Flair and Blooms block much of the screen. AI seems slightly dumber than the original. The change in story line makes slightly more sense. The new color scheme is not great however. Black Fleet ships should not be orange....The achievements are much easier to finish since there are fewer of them and the ai has such terrible aim compared to the original. I don't like the fact that I can't see weapon links anymore. Literally takes less than 5 Hours to finish the game and get all achievements since its easier than the original.However, since all the dlc is bundled into the game itself compared to the original, I would give this game slightly more positive than negative. Very slightly."
76561197989558928,Not Recommended,288370,9769546,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Netami,Right now the Director's Cut is worse than the original version it's buggier with broken graphics and no workshop.Good thing for the owners of the original it's cheap especially if you don't have the DLC's.For first time buyers however I recommend that you hold off with purchase until all the major bugs are fixed.edit: Graphics seem to have been fixed didn't have time yet to test the game further.
,Recommended,288370,20764250,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Whoota,"So in the late 90ies, when the N64 was picking up speed, Factor 5 releasedStar Wars: Rogue Squadronfor the platform. It was an arcade style Star Wars flying game where you pilot a variety of Star Wars vehicles while trying to defeat the Empire. It was intuitive, fast paced, fun, and varied with a tonne of easter eggs and cool reasons to come back to it. Sadly, Factor 5 was shut down after the release ofLair. Leaving behind a gaping hole in the arcade Space Combat departement. EnterStrike Suit Zero, a high energy, fast paced, blindingly awesome space fighter.Strike Suit ZeroTakes you into the far future. Mankind has taken to the stars and has gotten in a right kerfuffle. Renegade colonists and a mysterious militant faction called the Black Fleet have taken aim at planet Earth. In particular the former have come in possession of a planet busting weapon and seek to destroy the Earth. You're an ace pilot going by the name of Adams. After being reprimanded for disobaying orders you're stuck on mundane duties. During a routine escort, you and your wingman are drawn into a galaxy wide conflict with the existance of time and space in the balance.The game dumps the Sci-fi and space opera blabble on you thickly right off the bat. Part Star Wars, part Mass Effect and part War of 1812, the story takes you through a bunch of scenarios where you attempt to disrupt the Black fleet or the Colonials. Every scenario throws you a different curveball. Defending, attacking, raiding, bombing, dogfighting; it's all part of the changing palatte of challenges the game throws at you. Every mission comes with a choice of fighters to use and customisable armnaments. Beating the stage unlocks more ships to use and so the games keeps you coming back for those shiny platinum medals.The game's namesake; the Strike Suit, is the poster boy for cool. It is fighter craft that can transform into mobile weapons plaform. The ship turns from a jet fighter into an attack helicopter on the fly. In fighter mode you're fast and nimble. In Strike Suite mode you can strafe and fire a plethora of weapons with deady accuracy. Strike Suit mode however consumes a special energy that can only be replenished by waiting, or by dealing damage in fighter mode. It creates a high energy tango that rewards an agressive and fast playstyle that requires a traditional degree of skill in flying games, as well as new control scheme.The controls are perhaps my one gripe. I had to remap the entire layout before I was comfortable. It is a small matter, but once you got it all in order, the game is a blast from start to finish. Everything is unlocked by being good at the game; not good against others (there is no multiplayer to detract from the core game). I would really like to see more from this developer, as well as more of these games."
76561198046394076,Not Recommended,288370,9770973,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Sephaël,"Okay... i bought the Original Strike Suit Zero last year when it was first release, and the game was far from a good experience even if the potential was here.So being a fan of mechs and space combat a la Macross, i decided to give it another chance and see if most of the problems were fixed after more than 1 year of patching.The answer is simple : NOWhile i feel that combat seems better and difficulty smoother (difficulty spike in the originale released game were crazy), the game is still lacking clarity on what is going on.The problem is, you don't have the luxury of time, in some mission you have to focus on the objectives before it's too late, and you will still wonder WhereTF is the objectives ?To add to frustration, upgrade for you spacecraft is unlocked by completting certain objective during the mission, which add a layer of difficulty and will, may be, take on your nerves, because sometimes, you will feel that you need the upgrade to survive more advanced mission... and failling and upgrade objective means restarting the whole mission, even multiple times at worst...Cherry on the cake, in one mission, it was impossible to do it... i had to destroy all torperdos to unlock it, i had to destroy a corvet to finish the mission... the problem was, one corvet with all parts destroyed (nothing left to lock, no life bar indicator) was still firing torpedoes, and the last corvete i had to destroy to end the mission was too far away from the other corvete... which means it was impossible to destroy the second corvete and destroy the torpedos of the first... after 15 minutes of forward and backward i just pressed Alt+F4I already completed the mission, i just wanted to to get the upgrade i missed, and i don't know if it was a bug, but it was impossible, i could never have enough speed to reach the remaining corvet within my long range missile and be back to destroy the torpedos of the first to avoid failling the objective.So, i would suggest new buyer to hold their money for now and wait for some patch (again ...).I hope they will also improve in future patch their confusing 1960 submarine UI.Every target are RED square, every fighter outside your vision are intidcater with RED triangle, and numbers to evaluat distance are written in RED.Now when your objective are hidden between 30 RED identic marker... you will wish that they use more color.This is supposed to be an SF UI combat, we should be able to guess what we are loonking at in one glimpse, not bothering with a colonie of RED dot or square on the screen.I'm still looking forward for future fixes.The ambiance is nice, dog fight is okay, taking on dreadnought is pretty cool."
,Not Recommended,288370,12459013,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Nagittchi,"The original SSZ and Infinity looked pretty nice graphics wise. This so-called ""Director's Cut"" has upped textures... but at a steep cost: lack of shadows - which actually turns this down to looking like a mid-era PS3/XBox 360 game unfortunately. And well, that's what this company has built it from: the consoles.Now the Born Ready is dead - it's devs moved to another project (who are shilling it on the discussion board) - shadows coming ""soon"" is no more. Apparently the graphics dev for it had quit the company in the summer.You get all the DLC, including the Marauder which was promised to be exclusive to Kickstater backers (hah), but unfortunately these suits are unlocked deep into the game.That being said, it's a decent game for three bucks. I want to go back to the original SSZ, but the gameplay in this version has been tweaked for the better. Difficulty was kinda gruesome in the original - that was fixed.Can I recommend it? It's hard - but at the price of $19.99. ($3 are for the owners of the original SSZ) Definitely not. Lower than $10? Probably. But I definitely won't be supporting any of these hacks in their future endeavors.Oh yeah, and they turned all Strike Suits into ducks.Ef that."
,Recommended,288370,14062904,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,imelman,"I personally have the almost the same feeling as original one expect:1st is the fact that the main story is easier and better looking.2nd visuals are looking better than previous one,but at cost of shadows...sad.3rd it gives you almost all DLC(expect soundtrack)from previous game.4th the voice acting is better,but development of characthers is non-existent still.5th is story is somewhat remastered. For example on stage where you get the suit,you instead destroying the wreckage,you destroy drones instead.6th the ending is MUCH easier than previous one. Previous game had it very hard.So far my reactions is the same: mixed.The game is of course better than previous one,but the feelness of underpower combined with bad controls makes it not good.For 20$ like normal one its overpriced,but for 10$ or 5$ it may worth it. For over 10$? Unlikely."
76561197970779265,Recommended,288370,29065684,Posted: 6 January,all,JaegerBane,"Well, isn't this little gem a treat.Space Combat games are making a bit of a resurgence these days (thank god) and it was titles like this that started it.The Director's Cut is basically the spruced-up version of the original Strike Suit Zero, so this is basically identical to the console release.Imagine if Wing Commander had been made into an anime, and you're pretty much there. The base campaign sets you on a war for Earth's survival against the Colonies, and casts you as a pilot doing undergoing disciplinary action for turning up on an orbital platform with no idea how he got there. You're taken out for your flight certification with the intention of sending you off to war asap, until you get updated orders to escort a freighter to the middle of nowhere... game on.As a story, it's pretty good - there's a decent range of missions that cover the typical Defence/Raid/Bombing Run/Epic Fleet actions that this genre typically runs, with the campaign starting off mysterious and handing you the titular Strike Suit, with it escalating through various missions to the point where it's basically the Battle of Endor from Star Wars.The Strike Suit is your main fighter - it's described as being able to shift between fighter and mech, but as you're no doubt aware, you're in space, where there's no ground - it's less a 'mech' than it is a spaceborne gunship. Typical tactics have you dogfighting and swooping to build up Flux (aka Magic Suit Juice) then shifting into strafe mode and blasting everything to pieces with your crazy cannons and hilariously anime-esque multiple missile system. It's great, but much more Star Wars meets Anime then anything vaguely realistic. When in 'Fighter' mode, you have a good selection of unlockable guns and missiles to use for loadouts, and it's pretty decent - plasma guns, machine guns, missiles of every stripe - completing the game also nets you a mad Railgun (that looks more like a Beam cannon from the cruisers in the game, but mounted on your fighter), so you have plenty of choice.You do get other fighters - standard fighter, interceptor and bomber - and the odd mission where these work better than the Strike Suit, but in general they're relegated to mission re-runs. They don't really give you anything the Strike Suit can't but it's nice you've got the option.Graphics and Audio are spectacular. The art style for pretty much everything is an awesome anime style reminiscent of appleseed or robotech/macross. The music was done by the same guy who did the Homeworld games, explosions, lasers and gunfire criss-cross the screen, and the backdrop of nebulae, planets and asteroids looks stunning. It's hard to believe this was released back in 2014.Specific to the Director's Cut, they've rewritten a lot of the dialogue - the whole campaign flows much better and tells a very interesting story compared to the original (in which I struggled to understand wtf was going on). They've upped the textures and polygons on everything so it all looks that bit more crisp (although the strike suit has lost it's cool Silver finish and now sports a slightly-out-of-place blue and yellow scheme, but it's a minor nitpick).This edition comes with all the DLC, and it's broadly good - three new specialised Strike Suits and a new campaign. The Strike Suits are ok -  they all look good, with the Raptor broadly corresponding to an Interceptor variant and the Marauder as a bomber - there strike mode comes with weapons suitable for their role. The Revenant was a later release and is a stealth variant with bad handling and heavy armour on top of a cloaking device... no, I've no idea how they came up with that one, but it's pretty cool. The only issue with these is that they're generally overpowered as hell, so will imbalance the campaign - the Raptor's shotgun-style cannon does insane damage and can rip up cruisers like nobody's business, so remember to up the difficulty. The extra campaign are simulated missions which add a little more backstory from the early days of the war, complete with a GlaDOS-esque AI controller that makes the later missions rather amusing (albeit crazy difficult).If I had to find a negative.... look at my playtime. It's 12 hours at time of writing and I have 100% achievements - that's two runs of both campaigns in there. Suffice to say, it's very short.However, if you like space sims... I'd argue this is one of the best choices on Steam."
,Recommended,288370,15248288,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Eltanin,"Being a huge fan of the Nintendo 64 game Starfox 64, I have always had a craving for a modern game that could work as a sort of spiritual successor for my old love for Starfox. One day, I started hunting for space combat games and this particular title popped up. After playing for a while, it quickly turned out to becoming one of my favorite games of all time~This game features:-Gorgeous Graphics and spectacular locations-Excellent sense of scale-Larger battles can feel quite hectic as one can expect in an ongoing space war-Ability to play as a transforming gundam space ship-Ability to launch your very own Macross Missile Massacre-Intuitive, satisfying and incredibly fun, arcadey gameplay-Challenging yet balanced gameplay-Fantastic UI-Music from the same composer of Homeworld-Clear indicators for enemies and allies without oversaturating the screen"
76561198116519220,Recommended,288370,9775243,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,thr33than,Way better than infinity! ive wanted strike suit zero for a long time. and when i saw this i immediatly wanted it. Great game Born Ready
76561197981159678,Recommended,288370,16281978,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Dr Strangelove,"Strike Suit Zero - Directors Cut - Like the original Strike Suit Zero and Strike Suit Infinity this title is massively under-rated; if you ever wondered what life as a fighter pilot in the homeworld universe (pretty much the same art style) was like then look no further! You assume control of the Strike Suit, an experimental fighter that can transform itself into an even more immense strike craft. The campaign has been slightly reworked to make the story flow better, the visuals also slightly tweaked to make the game more immersive and the music is composed by Paul Ruskay; the chap who brought us the delightful yet sinister sounds of the homeworld franchise. The gameplay takes place in the third person perspective and pits your ship against the full panoply of space based enemies, from fighters and bombers to destroyers, cruisers and capital ships. The gameplay is also surprisingly challenging and you will often find yourself overwhelmed if your concentration levels drop off even for a momment. Highly recommended if you enjoyed any of the following; Xwing, Tie Fighter, Wing Commander Series, Homeworld 1, Homeworld Cataclysm and Homeworld 2."
,Recommended,288370,11016054,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Erbkaiser,"Not your average space shooter. Your ship can turn into a Gundam Wing style robot with massive firepower, which is needed to survive the immense number of enemies.The game has a good plot, and is fully voiced, with GOOD voice acting.As for gameplay, it is easy to control with either keyboard and mouse OR controller -- in fact, the controller support is the best I've seen in a game like this ever.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,288370,9768910,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Big Time Gambler,"At $3 for owners of SSZ, this is a steal. The devs really weren't kidding when they said we would be looked after.Even if you don't already have SSZ, considering the extra cost of the DLC, the Directors Cut is still a great deal.While shadows and FOV are disabled at the moment, the lack of shadows and the 55-ish FOV aren't gamebreakers.That said, I do hope that these issues are fixed, and that complete Rift support is added down the line. 55 FOV really can't compete with the better feel of higher FOVs.The directors cut runs well on my laptop (Nvidia 650M) at max settings, 1080p; I haven't had any framerate issues so far.SSZ:DC pairs well with a HOTAS, I haven't run into any issues with my X52.The graphics overhaul and better voice acting really add to the game. While SSZ looked nice, the Directors Cut bumps it up a few notches. These visuals aren't Star Citizen grade, but they are a pleasant upgrade nontheless. SSZ:DC is certainly a neat looking game, and all of the extra polys help make everything in the game look more real. The Modeled in pilots are a really cool touch, this addition helps add a better sense of scale to each ship.The better voice acting makes the missions quite a bit more lively, which surprised me because I didn't have a problem with the original voice acting.The soundtrack is the same treat as it always was, and from what I can tell there aren't any dubstep remixes like the song used in the trailer, which is yet another plus.The earlier Strike Suit is a nice change, but it is also one that I could have done without.The Directors Cut is the best version of a great game, and I can't recommend it enough to fans of space combat or mecha games.4/14/14 EDIT: FOV slider seems to have been fixed."
,Recommended,288370,24930107,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Angmor,"I love spaceships. Always have, always will. In particular, I love fictional spaceships blowing the snot out of each other with lasers, missiles, and giant machineguns. Among that category, I especially love small-scale dogfights between small fightercraft. The careful maneuvering. The tense lining up of the perfect shot. The inadvisable victory flourish of flying through your vaporized enemy's debris cloud.Problem is, I suck at it.The venerable Freespace 2 is widely reputed to be the master of this genre, but buying and playing it left me cold. It seemed to expect that I would have the reflexes, dexterity, and coordination to be an actual fighter pilot, with the ability to juggle power systems, track objectives, use a target-lock system that was like finding a needle in a haystack, command allied wingman, find and execute a target that seemingly has no bearing on the overall battle, all while worrying about pesky enemy fighters that seem infinitely faster and more maneuverable than I am. When all I wanted to do was fly around shooting stuff, this was simply not fun. I have been searching for a game to scratch my Luke Skywalker itch for years, and with Strike Suit Zero, I have finally found it.This game is the master of making me feel like an ace pilot, without dumbing it down enough to stop being challenging. You only need to juggle shield, boost, and flux, a recharging resource that allows you to transform into the titular Strike Suit. Dodgy physics aside, the ability to halt dead in space and move laterally adds a very interesting new dimension to the old fighter combat formula. Few things are more satisfying than transforming mid-dogfight, watching your would-be pursuer overshooting you while you send a swarm of light-trailing missiles up his tailpipe. I also found it a useful tactic, when I inevitably misjudge my strafing run, to transform right as I am about to collide with an enemy capital ship, halting my forward motion, before turning ninety degrees, changing back to fighter mode, and zooming along the length of the hull like I'm skimming the Death Star trench. This game is the master of making even your screw-ups look awesome.By and large, it looks fantastic. Beautiful ship designs and backgrounds, and each ship leaves a trail of light from its engines that makes every dogfight look beautiful. There are little touches, like the way the Strike Fighter's wings will expand and contract with speed and direction and, best of all, a visible cockpit overlay while in first-person mode. It isn't perfect. It is quite short, the story would be lacking even if most of it wasn't told in exposition-dumps over the radio that you'll be too busy dogfighting to pay attention to. And the final level is crap. However, if you're looking for a modern spacefighter game more in the spirit of Rogue Squadron 64 than Microsoft Flight Sim, definitely give this little gem a look."
76561198024900332,Recommended,288370,10059889,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,A.I.,"Let's start with the bad.This game launched with a TONNE of technically issues. The developer has been working to fix the issues. Some of them have been fixed as of time of this review and most of the really bad issues have been sorted out.- No FOV sliders (has since been added)- No DX10 support (has since been added, fully functional as tested on my rig)- No shadows (pending)- Choppy framerate (patches fixed most of the worst instances, only encountered 2 situations where framerate dropped)- A slew of crashes (patches fixed most of the worst instances, only crashed once over 7 hours)The ""meh"" and the average.This game is just an upgrade of the previous game, Strike Suit Zero. Most of the content is still the same although the missions have been tweaked and the story has been rewritten. Several actors were called back to record new audio to voice out the slightly changed story.The writing for the dialogue is not the best, however the voice actors themselves are pretty good. It keeps the story moving while things are exploding all around you.The game uses a checkpoint system within missions. While they aren't especially sparce and the missions don't drag on too much, once or twice I found myself groaning when I realised that the game's checkpoint put me further back than I would've liked.Now let's move on to the ""good"".This game is HELLA FUN! The battles are fast, frantic, and once you start a mission the explosions never stop happening. You'll be taking on enemies ranging from nimble fighters to large capital ships and carriers. Often you'll be taking on all these things over the course of a single mission.Objectives within missions include the usual:- Anti-fighter screening- Bombing runs- Escort (done right!)- Assaulting capital ships and large installationsOne of the most refreshing aspects of the game's mission design is pretty superb. Objectives change as the battle flows around you, and its one of the few games that does Escort segments right.Its not uncommon for the game to give you an objective like, ""Protect (Ship name)"", but the ship you're escorting is far from defenseless and they have much bigger guns. I found myself frequently running back to my defence target because I was getting swarmed by fighters and the ship I was protecting blew them out of the sky.Which brings me to what I loved best about this game; the sense of immersion it gave me while I was in the cockpit. Your allied ships and fighters are not useless, they're more than capable at blowing up the enemy with your support. Similarly, the enemy ships and fighters are just as capable of blowing you up as well if you're not careful.To summarize.Technical issues asside, this is one of the best arcadey space combat games I've played in a while. It harkens back to a lot of older arcady space combat titles that were mostly only available on consoles. The game isn't easy when you crank the difficulty up to Hardcore and WILL kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you're not careful.Played with a mouse and keyboard set-up, main story campaign completeed in just over 8 hours on Hardcore difficulty. There are quite a few 'Optional Objectives' I've yet to complete in the story missions. There is also the Heroes of the Fleet mission pack which I haven't touched."
76561198039369867,Recommended,288370,9780432,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Mr. Orion Quest,"I'm not entirely sure which version some of these negative reviews were from, but I've played the entire regular campaign and didn't see any of these issues with my version.  I even streamed the entire campaign at 1080p and 60+fps, no issues whatsoever.  Unfortunately I'm not a partner of Twitch so I don't have VoDs available, but I intend to go back and do some more runs of this game (because I got the ""bad"" ending).  That's not a shameless plug, but for those still on the fence that want to see some live game-play of this game so they can make their own decision, feel free to drop by my channel and ask me to play the game (if I'm not already playing it), and I'll happily show you.  I'm 1orionquest on Twitch.What I think of the game:Right now there's not many arcade styled space shooters around, so for fans of this genre, this is pretty much all you get, at least for the immediate future.  It's not the best out there, but it doesn't suck, I'd say it's slightly above average.  There are strange sound levels, for sure.  The options menu didn't have a borderless windows mode, which was slightly off-putting for me because I try to stream games.  The story, not really the best out there, certainly no Wing Commander, but let's be honest, this game's selling point is mostly the action.  And on that department, I believe it delivers.  Eearly missions are pretty easy, but some of the late ones, definitely not easy.  Sometimes it took me several tries to complete a particular mission or section of a mission.  And yes, sometimes the game is a bit vague about what you're supposed to be doing, or you'll find that you'd be better off not actually sticking to the main objective to get better results out of your mission.  For the most part though, if you failed a particular part of a mission or can't get past a certain point, I felt in no way that it was the game's fault, it's definitely the player's fault.  If you want an easy game you can just blow through in a single sitting without much challenge, or you're just not that good at space shooters, you might not want to buy it.  The difficulty curve is definitely there, and it's quite common to die or fail a mission because, well you suck.  I was pretty rusty, it's been a while, and I failed some missions pretty badly.  The AI is pretty good, matter fact I'd say the AI was better than me on many occasions.  They definitely don't just sit there and die or take damage, forcing you to do everything.  As a matter of fact, on some missions I pretty much just let the AI do most of the actual work and I sat back and played a ""zone defence"".TLDR:  I think the issues people had with early versions are fixed, my version has not a single problem of that description.  The game itself is above average, be prepared for some challenging missions."
,Recommended,288370,23249651,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,staron,"Beautiful game!Beautiful because the artists did a great work in creating the scenery in front of which the space battles take place.These are rather fun things, from dogfights against enemy interceptors to dismantling enemy capital ships.Only weak point in my opinion was the story, which I found rather dull. Yes it had two plot twists, but both were half expected. Anyway, if you're looking for a solid space shooter that will keep you busy for about 10 hours that's the game to go for."
,Recommended,288370,9778807,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,[Gp] Zephy ??,"My first time playing impression,as a normal Ace Combat or various shooter games fan,well, this looks good.justGOOD?THIS IS FREAKIN AWESOME!I can't wait for weekend now :D"
,Recommended,288370,16488633,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TheAngelOfRoses,"I bought this game on sale and I had Strike Suit Infinity, the Arcade Shooter variant of this game, for a long time. By many standards I find this game to be much better. SSZ has everything great about it and full of many fun things to jam up the rear ends of your foes and several ships to do it with.This game took my favorite ship ""The Raptor"" and put it to a whole new level. Im now trying all the campaigns all over again after beating both of them very quickly. This game may be seem redundant but on harder difficulties it can be a bit strenous too. Plus some of the challenges are fun to do to get the extra upgrades vs the freighter farm in SSI.If you have to buy this game because of a strangers review, let it be mine. Buy it if you like insane mech scifi space shooters."
,Recommended,288370,18184479,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Witchpunk Pixie,"This game can play like a cross between Starfox 64's ""all range mode"" sections, and Zone of the Enders.  The graphics are gorgeous, the gameplay is amazing with tight controls, and it even manages to create an engaging atmosphere and story.  If you're a fan of either of those games, or any sort of space combat really, you'll love this game."
76561198138570507,Recommended,288370,11490943,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,hydrolicious,"Strike Suit Zero is an excellent game. Spanning multiple missions, this game takes you across a multitude of various action packed scenarios. Fly around in a ship of your choice(as you unlock them of course) including the strike suit(a transforming spacefighter/mech combo), and blow enemies away with your piloting skills. There's a nifty feature where you can evade missiles fired at you by launching an electromagnetic pulse(EMP) but you can't overuse it so the game is fairly difficult not just due to that but other things as well. It's fun though. Fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,288370,9766107,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Kirogata,"Strike Suit Zero: Director's Cut is the same stellar game with beautiful new audio and a graphical overhual. While that may not seem like much, it simply takes the game one step closer towards complete perfection. If you are someone who already has the other SSZ/I games, or were thinking about getting them, then this is a must have."
76561198014594852,Recommended,288370,9768116,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Gehn,"A great improvment over its first incarantion. First off the huge visual overhaul add a very homeworld'esc feel to the game, which is approriate seeing as it shares its composer. While we are not looking at some form of graphical ♥♥♥♥♥♥ of the tripple A releases, for a small team this is still a nice piece of work!I havn't finished the main campaign as yet, but am enjoying the differences, you do get the Strike Suit earlier as promised and the tutorial has been made shorter and less static (No more making you press buttons to force it along). Also there is a bit more narrative exsploration, little extras I have noticed in later levels as well (Although that may be simply because I can't remember them as they are small details)Other things, it runs a lot smoother, I have mid/high rig and I had the rare FPS drop on Strike Suit Zero. I have had none so far, considering the impovments I was actully exspecting more issus. I also play this with a 360 Controller and the responces feel a lot smoother than the original game, I'm not resorting to just spamming missles at everything, which is leading me to try out the other ships in the game.I don't really have much quips with this game at all. Some of that is personal bias for this genre, but for the cost (If you own the original game, you can't ♥♥♥♥♥. In fact for £2.25 you're getting a nice little game with a lot of replaybillity.Also the Hero's of the fleet DLC pulls a rarther hilarious GLaDOS but saying much more would be a spoiler."
,Recommended,288370,9858278,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,The Scaletipper,"Excellent voice acting in the new version, and they've really done well on the optimization.  I can run the game maxed out now without AA and it looks alot better than the normal edition maxed out, ,which I couldn't run before.  Once I get my R7 260X graphics card, i might be able to turn the AA up which would be great.  Highly recommended if you have the original game, worth playing through again.  If you have the original with no DLCs, why haven't you bought it already?"
,Recommended,288370,11056944,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Talon One,"For everyone that likes arcady space combat games with a semi-cheesy storyline and especially for those who like the Macross-franchise - this is your game.The campaigns are decently long and have good variety - free hunting of fighters, hit&run attacks on stations, attacking capital ships, (short) escort missions, all are there. No multiplayer but challenges get you some replayability.The main focus of the game is Combat. Fast, frantic and very colorful with LOTS of missiles everywhere.The Strike Mode of your main craft is a so obvious hommage to the Variable Fighers from Macross the missile systems are even called ""Itano"" and ""Circus"". And its sooo fun to unleash a barrage of fourty missiles decimating an entire enemy squadron.From dumb-fire rockets to big torpedoes and fire-and-forget-spammable missiles - if you like the trope of the Itano Circus (also called Macross Missile Massacre) you're gonna love the combat here."
76561198015254160,Recommended,288370,14790238,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ogopogo,"A serviceable Space Shooter that doesn't raise itself above other games in the genre, let alone compare to the classics.Total Playtime: 9 hours on hard (all achievements unlocked)Going in the first thing I've noticed is how strange the control is compared to conventional aerial shooter. AD are used for tilting while x-axis mouse movement are for turning, which felt quite strange but it's not impossible to get used to. While the controls are responsive, the actually game mechanic leaves much to be desired. There's little to no momentum and the acceleration is way too fast for my taste. Adding into the mix the fact that your auto-fire's range is ridiculously long and we have a game with little to no finesse when it comes to aerial combat. The game also went for a approach of quantity over quality when it comes to enemy and enemy AI are near non-existent. If you expect to have epic dog fight while pulling off complicated menuever then sadly this game will disappoint you.Moving onto the graphic, the game looks almost nice but the lack of attention to detail holds the game back in the end. While the particles and background are great, the models and textures show the game for the low budget small team project it is. For veteran of the Space Shooter genre, it looks nice enough to satisfy but not to impress.Sound is definitely the best part about this game. There're a fair number of memerable tracks and while it never really goes into full blood boiling epic mode like the Ace Combat games, the score has enough high and lows to convey the right type of atmosphere and emotion for each situation. The distinct Eastern vibe also really make the soundtrack standout. Plasma blast and explosion all have enough kick to keep the tension up and the improved voice over is much appreciated.Story is a bit cliche but the plot is generally straight forward with clear-cut goals that the players won't feel lost or confused by it and doesn't get in the way of the gameplay. While there're moments where things don't make a lot of sense such as sneaking up on a space station through a Nebula when you can just warp right next to it it never really get to the point where it'd make the audience cringe. I really wish they'd have given Control a bit more personality and have her relationship with the player build a bit more, but considering the length of the game, it's probably too much to ask.With three levels of difficulty and online leaderboard there's significant room for replay. The fact that the developer put so many different models of space crafts and Strike Suits with distinctly different playstyle in also work in the game's favor. Playing a level with a Generation 1 Strike Suit and a Raptor felt very different and while the combat itself is rather uninspired, it's still very statisfying to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up with big guns and bigger explosions.In conclusion, SSZ Director's Cut is the definitive version to get and while it has some good moments, it never really pull itself out of mediocrity. However, with so few Space Shooter around, it's definitely worth a look at if you're fan of the genre and can be entertaining if played in moderation. However, I'd recommend waiting for a discount due to the low production value and how quickly the game become repetition due to the shallowness of the gameplay.Graphic: FairSound: FairGameplay: ServiceableStory: ServiceableControl/Usability: AverageReplayability: DecentOverall: Recommended for fans of the genre but don't get your expectation too high, best to buy at a discount."
,Recommended,288370,16540605,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cabby Yuki,"Really have to thank Scott Manely for introducing the original release of this game.  Fun, addicting, great sountrack, and a number of references to well-known anime-style mech shows.  Sadly, this game does fall short from perfection, but has indeed made improvents from the first.  For those who are looking for a good air-to-air combat arcade style simuluator, look no further for this one."
,Recommended,288370,9864479,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Akuma is my waifu,It's like starfox but you can turn into a cool robot 10/10
,Recommended,288370,9873537,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Ratbag,"Positive:+Fluid arcadish gameplay+Sweet weapons and ships+Game runs well+Voice acting is believable+Epic fights and locations+Friendly AI is helpfulNegative-Repetitive missions-Story is uninovative and lousy written-Soundtrack-Ships upgrade system is horrible-No multiplayer(!!!!)-dogfighting cameraOverall- 5.5/10.I think they made a horrible design choice about the idea of the game. If SSZ was a multiplayer focused game (may have sinleplayer intro of the main outline), this game would be much much better. and truly be Space Combat Reborn."
,Not Recommended,288370,34493430,Posted: 25 August,all,Agentgerbil,"Devs abandoned this game, leaving features that were promised unfinished."
,Recommended,288370,33709523,Posted: 21 July,all,Dreadiel,"An Awesome experience : this game IS what MACROSS/ROBOTECH gameplay should have been since  the beginning....You'll also get an outstanding musical experience, closer to magic than reality, because those vocals and themes are simply Superb.What are you waiting for ??"
76561197984307455,Recommended,288370,13820442,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Eumerin,"Most of my time was spent on the original version of the game.  The Director's Cut is essentially the same game with improved graphics.  The story has been tweaked as well in various ways to help improve the flow (for instance, missions 2 and 3 have been switched from their order in the original release).  The game itself is a delight to play.  It might take a little while to get the hang of the transformable Strike Suit, but the game will reward you for doing so."
,Recommended,288370,10547359,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Zapix,"Probably as close to a non Dynasty Warriors Gundam (although the transforming is more like Macross...) game North America will ever get. >.> /sadpandaAlso fills in small spot of that gap left by the lack of Wing Commander since WCP.For that, this game deserves lots of love!"
,Recommended,288370,9780241,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,DrFusion3000,"I don't know what everyone else is talking about. I'm running a phenom 1090t and a radeon HD6870, win7, game runs smooth as sillk. the new graphics are gorgeous, the gameplay tweaks are appreciable, the whole experience is more polished and the story flows. First game worked fine. So far, its just as much fun as the original. Good work Devs, keep making games."
,Recommended,288370,9785301,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Furiseto,"Give this one a positive review because it's a great space-action gem, and also because it received too many negative reviews these last few days from buyers that are too impatient to wait for patches. The Developers clearly said that they are already in the work to fix all the problems, and the first patch already fixed the blurry textures."
,Recommended,288370,9857221,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Leyline,"I am very happy to have picked this up.I do not know about the origninal version of the game, but this directors cut is filled with engaging gameplay, a decent story and filled with atmosphere to the brim.This is the most fun ihad with a space opera since Freespace. The Strikesuit mechanics are fun and rewarding and really give this vibe of being a powerful presence on the battlefield.If you ever wanted to pilot a transforming mecha anime style and lay waste to hordes of enemies, here is your chance.Oh, and the soundtrack is stellar. It was worth buying just for that. Also having a awesome game makes this one of my buys of the year.9/10 points, for some technical problems that have been fixed by now, but should not have been there at release. ^^its Worth a buy."
,Recommended,288370,9877194,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Mitosis,"First and foremost: the controls take some getting used to. This is especially true of Strike Mode. It's a hurdle. In particular I have to switch the two control sticks -- not sure how anyone can play with the default (where left stick rolls your ship and right stick turns it).But once you get over it, you have an awesome new game in the tragically underrepesented space shooter genre. I love this game to death. Dogfighting is satisfying, the controls ARE solid once you get used to them, and the missions keep things fresh enough all the way through.My favorite part is fighting the capital ships. These things have tons of turrets and fighter support swarming them, but you can shoot at special weak points to do extra damage and systematically dismantle them. Bringing one down always feels like an accomplishment.The Director's Cut changes are generally helpful. The rejiggered story to get you the Strike Suit earlier is better for gameplay, but the tonal shift as you re-enter the original story around mission 4 is noticeable (though it also creates a cool twist at the very end that wasn't in there before). The more colorful ships make it easier to pick out weak points and bring some more variety to the ""everything is gray"" feel before, though the tradeoff is everything has a slightly more toyish look to it. The game has received extensive patching for difficulty and checkpointing since release that make it a much better experience than immediately after it came out.Highly recommend if you're even a little interested in the genre."
,Recommended,288370,9877691,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,cloudbk201,"Awesome game. Really kicked off when you get to use the strike suit. For the next sequel or dlc (If there is one), put a strike suit in the game as an enemy XP"
,Not Recommended,288370,10002053,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,arcani,"I was really interested in this game, but I ended up not being a big fan. Really doesn't work well with HOTAS because the throttling isn't specific but rather three speed (normal/fast/slow), and the missions are too samey for my taste. The story is pretty generic as well. :("
76561197970509236,Not Recommended,288370,10005615,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,wheeljack12,"if your going to play this, buy a actual joystick that can yaw,roll, turn and go up and down all in one stick. Tried this on a xb360 game pad. Your up, down and roll maneuvers are on one left stick. The yaw and precision maneuvers are on the other stick. And the worst part is that the maneuver controls for the xb360 gamepad aren't even listed in the control bindings. And strike suit developers, make a .pdf manual with keyboard/mouse controls in it at least. When I get a actual joystick, I will play this game. It should be noted in the game description rather than partial controller support, the developer should have recommended gamepads/joysticks for the game. I know it's a low buget game but get your support correct in your steam game description."
,Recommended,288370,11604471,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Blitz,"THRUST VECTORING OWNS THE SKY! THIS THING CAN TURN ON A DIME, MACROSS ZERO-STYLE!"
,Recommended,288370,10328801,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,TPI | Starwolf1991,"A major salute to the influential style of 'Homeworld', space simulator combat of 'Freespace' and the feel of anime series' like 'Macross'. This game essentially puts Space Simulators back on the grid and this Director's Cut version greatly excels over the original 'Strike Suit Zero'. Gorgeous, fast, intense and filled with 300% of your recommended missile, plasma cannon and kinetic energy weapon intake. Plus, how can you not fall in love with the atmospheric beauty of Paul Ruskay's music? Anyone who has appreciation for the Sci-Fi genre will truly enjoy this game."
,Recommended,288370,9816157,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,ColdRaiN,"Strike Suit Zero: Director's CutVery good game , alot of fun .everyone says they have issues with it ,i dont have any.the bast part in the game is the soundtrack that go so well with the gamestyle.every time i swich to Strike Mode and take down every enemy i can see with multy auto-lock missiles in one shoot i feel awesome."
76561197971815239,Recommended,288370,10762308,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tyrant Lizard,"I was feeling some buyers remorse after buying a joystick for Star Citizen, and finding out the game was kinda slow and boring.Fortunately a friend recommended I use the thing with Strike Suit Zero, and now my remorse has been replaced by joy.Thank You Strike Suit Zero."
,Recommended,288370,9807891,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,[SupG] Zipdigital,"Pros:-Spectacular environments.-Responsive vehicles...once you get used to it.-Remeniscent of battles in FreeSpace and Homeworld. Watching larger ships trade fire is a fantastic sight to behold.-You will feel underwhelmed at first until one of the first larger skirmishes - as the dust settles, you will probably grin a maniacal grin at the realization of the potential of the Strike Suit. Beyond that you simply become better at dealing destruction.Cons:-The story does nothing for me. Protect the blue guys, shoot the red guys and enjoy the carnage.-Unclear objectives. The bonus unlocks can also make this problem exponentially worse since they can be unrelated to priorities.-'Flux'  always seems too limited which makes the transformation mechanic of the game seem superfluous. Why transform unless I am engaging a cap-ship? Perhaps unlocks later in the game will remedy this, but maybe an XP-per-kill system would have been a better way to 'buy' those unlocks between missions...then you could properly stick to mission objectives without interruption.Neutral:-If you never played SSZ before, the Director's Cut is the way to go. But if you already owned the previous SSZ, you're not going to get much more that you already had. Still, a $2.99 upgrade for owners of the original isn't bad.Conclusion:Overall SSZ:DC is a fun, arcade-like romp if you are a fan of the Homeworld and/or Freespace frachises. Homeworld lovers will enjoy the nostalgic engine trails and cap-ship design/coloration, and FreeSpace lovers will feel right at home in the frantic dogfighting nature of the game. I caution owners of the original SSZ not to get too excited, you won't see much new content. However, first time players will want to choose the Director's Cut since it includes some of the DLC and a (very) few extra touch-ups that bring it in line with the console release."
,Not Recommended,288370,9810025,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Ponyfox,"Buyers beware!Broken graphics and other technical issues. Compared to the original release there is a lot more missing then just shadows.Lots of nice post processing effects are gone too, and there is absolutely nothing to be seen regarding the improved textures and whatever else they promised.Ran both the old version and new version next to one another and the difference was very noticable. What is even more annoying are the constant hiccups (especially when the camera pans) in the frame rate.Really don't understand why you would release such a broken game. Why not wait until everything has been fixed and then release it?Didn't want to believe the reviews and just upgraded for those mere few euros, but at the moment they feel kind of wasted.Here is to hoping it will get patched really quickly. In it's current state I cannot recommend this game for both new commers and upgrading owners alike."
,Not Recommended,288370,9825768,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Kyrox,"The key binding is currently unusable if using a joystick, it'll say it has binded the key, but won't work, the axis are a joke and the game won't recognize a PS3 controller, so you'll have to use KB+mouse, which is surely the worst way of playing the game.It has visual bugs and almost no options.It says it's a complete version but it still has a (not working yet) DLC button on the main screen.No mod or Steam Workshop support (unlike the original version).Don't get it, even if you have the 85% discount, it's a trainwreck."
,Recommended,288370,11394058,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,dyslexicjedi,"If you like Decent Freespace style games, you will love this game!"
76561197992083855,Recommended,288370,11421156,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Matyvalien,"Intense space battles, fantastic visuals , great sense of huge endless space and giant ships , what else you want?!"
,Recommended,288370,10281758,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Rye,"Spaceships blowing up other spaceships, in spaceif your space combat erection lasts for longer than 4 hours seek medical attention9/10"
,Not Recommended,288370,9797038,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Makaze,"As much as I would like to recommend this game, as much as it stands over the original in terms of fixes. It pains to me to say the nay with this game's reccommendation. I'll keep it short and simple as far as my grievances.The biggest issue with the game is the sometimes unfair difficulty spikes, Mission 5, ""Hit and Run"" is a prime example. Phase 3 of the mission has you coming to the aid of a cruiser, which is already heavily damaged and is still being pummeled. Now that wouldn' be an issue if A) the game spawned you closer to where you could make an actual attempt at rescue and B) the targets you needed to hit to save it were clearly marked.There were instances before this mission where it was the same issue, protect this, then protect or aid that only to find that the moment you were told the next objective, that objective was already beseiged and nearly dead, resulting in many a retry and hope that the games engine would give you a fair shot.Another issue is the lack of a HUD, I spent many missions being plinked and tagged from all directions with no way of knowing where I was in relation to my enemies or targets, the directional arrows were not much help.It isn't a bad game, but it does feel like as far as difficulty, they went for unfair situations rather than actually making it challenging, and some of the crashes and graphic errors that show make me wonder if this was a rushed deal."
76561198051818674,Not Recommended,288370,9791776,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Done25,Bought it because I enjoyed the base game adn when I read that it had improved visuals I was ready for some eye popping sights.Well I got what I wanted. These sights will certanly pop your eyes. The bloom effects are rediculously out of control at the moment and everytime you set off an EMP your entire screen turns white. I couldn't even make it past the first fight of the first mission without going legally blind!
,Recommended,288370,9794047,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,KuroT1k,This is probably one of the best games I've played.Well Selected musicBeautiful GraphicsGood Game play.Whats not to love?
,Not Recommended,288370,9783210,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,phylum sinter,"Released in an unfinished state - with no shadows or DX10 support.I loved the original, and bought the director's cut version here for 85% off because i never got the DLC for the old version and thought this would be a good way to get the best version and all the extras included.So far, that idea has been a bust. The game doesn't run as smoothly and as previously mentioned has no shadows or DX10 support. As a result, i bought a clunkier but more complete version of the game and am warning anyone that would purchase it now to wait for the patch. As it is (4/10/2014) i would not recommend this version, but would still recommend anyone with a desire for a great Space shooter to get the original until this one gets fixed.The developers have promised a patch on monday, but the question still remains - why did an indie HAVE to release this broken version -- if it was just a matter of days before being fully polished, why couldn't they just have waited a few days and saved us all the anguish involved in releasing an unfinished product?"
,Recommended,288370,9887857,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Valkerion™,"Great controls, amazing gameplay, and an interesting story with memorable characters. A must play for any fans of action-oriented flight combat sims like Ace Combat and the like. The Director's Cut makes changes to the gameplay most won't notice, but I couldn't enjoy the game without them anymore. Definitely a worthwhile tune-up for an already great game."
76561198051602288,Recommended,288370,10622326,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,nayrb3,Great game
,Recommended,288370,15173767,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,EppsNL,"This game allows you to fly in space, while shooting down enemies, astroids and if things get rough you can turn into a freaking mobile suit. All we need now are some Gundam mods and this game would be an instant GOTY!"
76561198112469075,Recommended,288370,9983051,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,RedSky,"First let me say that I've never played the original SSZ (Strike Suit Zero) so I don't know the difference between the Director's Cut and the original.SSI (Strike Suit Infinity) is one of my favorite games because of how simple it is and it has this classic space shooter feel to it. I knew I had to buy this when I saw that it's on sale for 2.99$.The game feels very similar to SSI with a few little differences. The story is pretty basic, two factions are at war fighting for power or somthing like that. The narrator was hard to hear due to the music in the background so I only caught bits and pieces.The gameplay is solid. This game can get tensed and when you feel overwhelmed go into Strike Mode (Witch is pretty much a simplified Gundam) and blow everything to smithereens! Dog fighting and having the ability to to change into a mech is pretty sweet, you have to admit. The graphics aren't anything to write home about, they're good but can look bland at times.The soundtrack is the same as SSI and like I said on my SSI review I really like the music.Both Strike Suit games are fun but this one is more story driven than SSI. I don't know how long the sale is going to last but pick it up while it's still 2.99$! It's worth it.8.5/10"
76561198115234754,Recommended,288370,10046082,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Paymonayy,"PROS: awesome awesome game, visuals 9/10, gameplay 10/10, i love love love this game :)CONS: too much talking, repetitive, short game. Took 9 hours for 100% completionAs much as I love this game, I prefer Infinity over this, better graphics, more enemies, and music that gets you hype"
,Recommended,288370,9825364,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Elepole,"Take FreeSpace 2's gameplay, add Macross's mech and missile, you obtain Strike Suit Zero. Add in more craft to flight, new graphics, new content, and you obtain Strike Suit Zero: Director's Cut.Frantic gameplay, beam, awesome music, missiles, scenary porn, more missiles, transformable fighter, even more missiles, actually good dogfight, and some more missiles.The only two weakness of this game are the story (not too bad, but very generic) and the bugs that the Director's Cut edition suffer (let say that it's a small dev team who just did a multiplatform relaunch, even EA don't get that kind of thing right everytime, let alone a small independant studio)Some could say that the obviously console oriented control could be a downside too, but imo it doesn't really change anything. This game is not a space sim, but an arcade space flight game. In depth control would probably just have been in the way.My impression of this game in two words: Buy it."
76561197968770193,Not Recommended,288370,9792126,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,John Stockton (#12),"What is this 85% upgrade bullsh!t? Are you FRIKKEN KIDDING ME? I paid $19.99 for a game that says it's improved and in HD. This sh!t is HARDLY HD. It doesn't even have shadows as a choosable option. How the hell are you going to have people purchase this game, with ZERO multiplayer access, ZERO HD (I've got a 2.5k gaming rig - I run everything on max settings), don't give me that bullsh!t.Now this game studio releases an ""upgrade""? HOW ABOUT RELEASE A FREE UPDATE FOR FIXING THE THINGS IN A GAME THAT SHOULD BE IN THERE TO BEGIN WITH (i.e. SHADOWS - what a grand idea!! #endsarcasm)Until then people, wait until it goes down to $1.99. Don't fall into the shininess of the pictures or the space explosions like I did. Save your frikken money.PEACE."
76561198023891248,Recommended,288370,9804353,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Guilt Clause,"I FREAKING LOVE STRIKE SUIT ZERO.The game is hard to get into. Its controls are really strangely set up and awkward to configure. The options menu seems not to do all that much. It doesn't always boot up correctly. Some of the missions are repetetive at face value. The ending is a little short. But all of that is nothing compared to how fun this game is.It's really fun to fly around and shoot enemy ships. Blowing up enormous enemy carriers and capitol ships is really satisfying. All of the backdrops are gorgeous, and there's ALWAYS something pretty to look at onscreen. The plot is surprisingly interesting, with a crazy twist at the end and really intriguing characters all the way through. The different ships you can play and loadouts to select really heavily influences the way you need to play. The unlockables are really satisfying. Each mission requires new tactics. I haven't even started talking about the mech yet. Why are you still reading this? Just buy the game. It's so awesome."
76561198073360922,Recommended,288370,10795492,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Blumenkampf,Wing Gundam Simulator11/10
76561198116761780,Recommended,288370,26040871,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,UrGuardianAnge1,This game was fun to play.
,Recommended,288370,23912354,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,derekrife,"This is a pretty good game.Think of the ""All Range"" sections from Star Fox 64, but for grown ups. It has a higher than average difficulty curve, but once you master the controls, Strike Suit Zero will allow you to do some pretty intense things that you wouldn't have imagined you were capable of upon starting the game."
,Recommended,288370,9768080,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,86239 skinhub.com,"With big improvements to the voice-acting and the graphics, I coundn's resist for 3 dollars. If you are a fan of space shooters and/or the SSZ games this will not disapoint. Simply refreshing! 9/10"
,Recommended,288370,9788042,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Jaxseven,"Like I said, I would amend my review when the graphical problems were fixed. I have tried a bit of the game and this seems to be the case, AA works and the light from ships jumping doesn't cover the whole screen. It does look good now, and there is more content in this version than the standard edition obviously. To anyone looking to buy a Strike Suit game for the first time, this certainly isn't a bad first choice, although with Strike Suit Infinity being $7, you might want to first try that if you're still on the fence. The flight in this game feels to me a little odd, I don't know what it is and it's not bad, but I think it's something with the controls that seem a little weird to me, perhaps I played too much Battlefront II back on my PS2. The only other nitpick I have is there is no Steam Workshop support, but seeing that there are very few mods for the original, I'm not very suprised and I don't think people will miss it much. Overall, this is a fun space combat game that can look pretty, and you don't get that very often."
,Recommended,288370,13060953,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Janitorwookie,"It's a fun campaign, and unlocking all the missiles and guns makes it worthwile."
76561198005919137,Recommended,288370,12859037,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Provoker,It's like Painkiller in space
76561198024388563,Not Recommended,288370,9812009,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Lanselta,"This game does NOT support Oculus Rift, which was one of the reasons why i bought it."
,Not Recommended,288370,17373882,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Unravel,"Great to try, dull to play. The story and characters don't manage to intrigue you before gameplay reaches the point it starts to feel tedious and poorly carried out. Just a few missions in and you notice many battles is flying back and forth or chasing enemies with really bad vessel turning mechanics. I guess if you could push one button to instantly turn the ship over or in the opposite direction with energy penalty it would be much better. On top of that, for a game as much un-fun as Strike Suit is, some objectives are immensely difficult, which can severely break the experience for casual players and those who have no experience in a flight simulator games. The game was sitting there installed for several months, but no matter how much I looked upon it, I'd never found the strength to force myself through it."
,Recommended,288370,12261210,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Tasker 2016,"If you don't like this game, I can't help you."
,Recommended,288370,22161315,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Zaotron,One of the only few space combat games in recent years. Fantastically done. Great visuals and engaging combat system. I especially enjoy picking out those cruise ship destroyers.
,Not Recommended,288370,13630560,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Centrophy,I don't know how they did it. They managed to make piloting a mech boring. It just never feels powerful and most of the time I stayed in ship form because that was actually servicable. The story is decent though the way it is told could be better and none of the music really stands out as I can't even remember it now. I can't recommend this game unless it's less than 5 bucks and even then it's only because if you already played Z.O.E. 2 there's not much out there if you're looking for these types of games.Pass.
,Not Recommended,288370,11469537,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Phantasmo,"My 360 controller does not work.Devs know the issue but so far have said nothing.Null support from the devs, I can't recommend it."
76561198048459412,Recommended,288370,13885740,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,videos2anim,"This was a blast of a game. Not too long, so it kept your attention. Lots of face paced combat. You could either do the ship/ transformation part or just do regular space dog fighting, they give you the choice. Well worth the money!"
76561197967892640,Recommended,288370,9817769,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Don Pazuzu,"i think the first one is better . The sound is like a 7/ 10 .graphics are tight . The xinput that i use is ok , im using a sabrent pc controller , with an x360 controlled simulator .my opinion overal is like 9 / 10 .I have windows 7 home fremium 64 edition and i have an  hd 4200 intergrated graphics ,  so minds work , when i bouhgt it would crash after running the game , but it works now find ."
,Recommended,288370,16339051,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,taishi_tetora,need more practice11/10
,Recommended,288370,28177713,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,syrito,cool space game
,Recommended,288370,28196147,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,HELLFIRE SCORCHING,Has a replay value.
76561198027308552,Recommended,288370,26102511,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MrChiron,An Old Mech Game! And Good one! Just a little expensive. Wait the sales.
,Recommended,288370,14553741,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,SurpriseTree,Very rewarding when you get good at it.Levels are fun enough to replay again once you get better and have new equipment.
,Recommended,288370,11521610,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Mr.Low,"So... I will make this in some points :1. Graphic -  Space look ""Real"" ( Not like : Cut and paste ) Game have some problems, Or ""bugs"", but they aren't big deal.2. Sound/Music - Is Amazing. :D3. Story - For my it was to short, but the Idea was good4. System Control - SimplyAbout System Requirements:That what Steam call ""Recommended"" it's in real Minimum.Minus :- Upgrade System is bad... Some of the challenge are like HellEnd :9 From 10I realy like this game, and I hope you will like it too :P"
,Recommended,288370,9800208,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Ixillius,After the recent patch I feel alot better about this purchase. The jump particle effect has been improved ALOT and the game looks crispy clean. I will be giving this game a full playthrough to see all the changes.I want to thank the devs for such a quick fix and for notifing me of doing so.*OLD*I did not play this game past the tutorial. Within minutes I was welcomed with horrible textures and graphics. The particle effects(4 squares spinning. What?) used for jumping werent even alligned with the ships. This directors cut does not propperly reprisent the game in its full glory. Would refund if I could.
,Not Recommended,288370,11699236,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Altitude_Seven,"This product addresses bugs, programming issues, poor design, graphgical errors, That really should have been rereleased as a free DLCConsidering that you have to pay for an identical game, the only think that you are getting from the regular Strike Suit Zero, is the fixes that should have been addressed, I mark this game as not recommended because of the poor marketing choice the company has made in producing the director's cut.its like; if there was a game breaking bug in Grand Theft Auto, that caused your system to blue screen and what the company does, and has you pay for $40 for a ""director's cut"" that really fixes the bugs that should really of been released and updated for free."
,Not Recommended,288370,12237883,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,BL/R_SN | Wintermute,The original SSZ is good I'd say but this is not working at all with me at all - black screen - that's all I've got (26 September 2014)
,Recommended,288370,12441395,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,demo,"Good ""shoot everything that moves"" space shooter...The Animations fluid, it`s fast and responsive and bags of fun...Pew pew pew pew pew, Die Alien scum!"
76561198076582572,Recommended,288370,27134590,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ik-mee,I love this game.I want them to create season 2
76561197992801023,Not Recommended,288370,13571757,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Johnuhtron,"I bought this game for the express purpous of using it with my oculus rift as it stated VR support on the steam compatability list!! I have tried every trick in the book to get this game working with the Oculus rift SDK2 and it does not work!! I appreciate oculus is still under development and there will be problems but i have played many games on the oculus and have almost always found work arounds. It appears the developers have no intention of doing anything about making it VR compatible, as such i am very dissapointed. It is a good space shooter though. But i do not recommend you buy this if you intend to use it for VR gaming, not recommended!!"
76561197999423205,Recommended,288370,31990774,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,This was super cool for one playthrough.
76561198087262443,Recommended,288370,29435473,Posted: 22 January,all,Jakobs~F,Good
76561198161859768,Recommended,288370,30991904,Posted: 6 April,all,Luminescence,Love the mecha felling in this game!!
,Recommended,288370,30060301,Posted: 20 February,all,Winkbell,Gundam + jet = Strike Suit Zero. hehe
,Recommended,288370,26572009,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ynnublliK,Yes.
,Recommended,288370,11458210,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Cool Guy Caleb,Fantadtic. Buy it. Now.
76561198054226888,Recommended,288370,31112053,Posted: 13 April,all,kexx42,you fly an xwing that can turn into a gundam.  its pretty lit.
,Not Recommended,288370,21159839,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Fusō,"Original was 10/10, this one is 1/10.Crashes a lot, sloppily made, runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and is just generally a buggy mess. Devs don't even care anymore, this one's been long since forgotten, they probably made their money and spent it all on a ♥♥♥♥ing frappucino or whatever they get from starcucks."
,Not Recommended,288370,16330526,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,RHodeidra,I'm sorry but no shadows make it unplayable for me.Until it is added this review will reflect my disgust with Born Ready games.
,Not Recommended,288370,18257134,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,JOBBIN TIL' I DIE,buggy
,Not Recommended,288370,9956440,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Gotta Get Schwifty,"Can I see any difference in graphics or gameplay? No, looks exactly the same the first day it came out. Not worth the discount too, but if its some kind of glitch and is being fixed, I'll consider replaying it again to see it it was worth my money."
,Recommended,288370,17410886,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,📛,No Macross games in English. This is sorta close.... I guess.I wish we had Macross games in English...DIAF Harmonly Gold!
76561198017345371,Not Recommended,288370,13769690,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,saddogg,Terrible - I should have listened to the first two reviews; it isnot worth  $.99 in my opinion. I would like my money backif I could get it.
,Recommended,288370,19076066,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Oli,Updated version of the original game but still very little replayability. Wish they would come up with a sequel but the ending was pretty much final so I doubt that's gonna happen.
76561197993267136,Recommended,288370,10423813,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Brucinius,"It scratches an itch for a space sim, and the price was right when I bought it, but it'll be easily passed and forgotten in the near future with Star Citizen and Elite coming soon."
,Recommended,288370,10320086,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,BEEEEEES,"Director's Cut fixes 99% of the issues I had with the original, adjusts the old campaign, adds a new campaign, and packs in 2 new strike suits to top it all off.The only remaining issues that really bug me are:1. I've had a couple game freezes or crashes during a mission. Only twice in many hours of play...still annoying when it happened, though.2. Torpedos... there's still no alert when enemy torpedos are launched. It blows my mind there is no audio/visual queue when enemies launch torpedos - because shooting them down is required to succeed. If you don't, your allies will blow up and you'll fail the mission, period. Sure, they can take some torpedo hits and still be OK, but your odds of success are small if you aren't shooting down torpedos before they hit your allies.3. Ships VS Strike Suits aren't balanced against one another to foster different playstyles. Yea, the game is called STRIKE SUIT Zero, but it would be nice if traditional ships weren't 100% inferior to their Strike Suit counterparts. The two are mostly differentiated by ships having +1 rocket slot, but strike mode infinitely outweighs anything you could put in a rocket slot...the suits are vastly superior and you're just giving yourself a handicap if you don't choose them.4. Nothing is balanced against the Raptor Strike Suit, it's just better than everything else in most scenarios.5. Rail Guns are innacurate as♥♥♥♥♥♥randomly. The beams go off to the sides (and not towards your reticule) when you're shooting at ship weak spots or whenever you haven't highlighted whatever you're shooting it. This is annoying as hell and makes no sense.6. General Imbalance. Your allies are vastly weaker than their enemy counterparts (check stats in the editor). Player options aren't balanced against each other, etc... it's kind of a general theme in this game. You can still ""pick your fave"" and make it through almost any mission, but there are clearly superior options (the Raptor) that are just better in all situations."
76561197966908098,Recommended,288370,9815794,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Private! B,"Great game.... I don't see any bugs, that the game would make unplayable....the graphics are great....the only issue, option changes have no effect.  Solution: ....change settings, close game and restart ....and everything works fine. You can also force certain graphic options through the nvidia game panel. The missions are challenging but never unfair...the story is very interesting and the combat ist great and very intensive. First hint: Really get use to the controls, play mission 1 - 3 one or two times to get used to it. And try to get the upgrades by fullfilling the secondary mission goals."
,Recommended,288370,10001653,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Necronomad,"A good game, fun, great story and music. Some people complain about some missing features but they are not anything gameplay or immersion breaking and I've yet to find any bugs. The only drawbacks is that it feels a little light on content so not a very large game. Not bad for the full price but $15 is probably closer to the actual value of content. If you own the original the director's cut doesn't really add much additional value, though you get  agood discount if you own the original so its probably worth it if you enjoyed the game enough to feel like playing though again."
,Recommended,288370,10011944,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Laurgo,Buy it.
76561198000063028,Recommended,288370,10043184,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,EpicBaconStrips87,"Enjoyed this one quite a bit.  The campaign was told a bit differently from the original but that only added context and made the story flow a lot better than before.  Otherwise, the gameplay from the original is the same and still a lot of fun and challenging."
,Recommended,288370,10160092,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Eris!,"Turn on the Macross soundtrack, play Strike Suit, and masturbate furiously. You know you want to..."
76561198017946533,Recommended,288370,13818656,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Dogishappy,"Fun game, but terrible ending. Even with that said, 10/10 would play again.Spoiler belowIt's littarally flying for 10 minutes then a multiple choice question......"
76561198046437586,Recommended,288370,13904863,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Spectre,"I've had a ton of fun with this little game, played the original 3 times then bought the DC on sale recently.  Noticed it was on ps4 the other day and gave it whirl there.  Looks better but the controls for ps4 suck and (no surprise) cant be changed much."
,Recommended,288370,15667370,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Nortrom Bot,"You are a gundam. BAM pew pew.My hours on this game aren't as much but I've played the original strike suit zero and it was a ton of fun. The storyline was eh, character development eh. But really, I'm here for the space combat and that's what I got. Lots of fun shooting things and turning into a suit and shooting more things."
,Not Recommended,288370,15343272,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,MegamanXGold,"Finally just tried to play this game.  It detects my gamepad, but wouldn't respond to the input.  Even after I ""Calibrated"", which proves the game can see the input, going into the game it still did nothing.So I tried switching to Keyboard + Mouse controls.  The default controls were so aweful (moving the mouse down makes the ship go up?  That's great for a joystick, but a MOUSE???) I couldn't even be bothered to play long enough to blow something up.  Maybe I'll try again later, but I was really looking forward to this game - and at the moment I feel massively let down.PS: The loading time for the first level was shockingly long, I hope the whole game isn't like that.  I could put it on my SSD, but it doesn't seem worth the effort right now."
76561198061438815,Recommended,288370,15736342,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TotallyNinja,"I only play sims with a HOTAS flight controller(Saitek X52) and highly recommend this if you have a flight stick setup. Not sure how well it plays with a keyboard+mouse or gamepad setup as I didn't test them out. So this quick overview is only aimed at flight stick players(If you dont have one, GET ONE. So many good space sims coming soon!) Graphics are nice, though a bit basic. Ships control well, weapons feel as though they pack a punch and the addition of a transforming mech suit/ship  gives the game a bit more depth. Story is well written but the average voice acting lets it down a little. All in all, a solid arcade space blaster which is made more fun with the addition of mech style action. Rating 8/10. Cheerio!"
,Recommended,288370,12250380,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Gemanoneko,"Good little space shooter. Nice controls (which is very important) and graphics. Player can try different ships, different weapons and work to get every upgrade, or he can just have fun in fast paced space dogfights.The gameis pretty short, but hey, its indie game :)Get it on sale!!!"
,Recommended,288370,12250382,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Gemanoneko,"Good little space shooter. Nice controls (which is very important) and graphics. Player can try different ships, different weapons and work to get every upgrade, or he can just have fun in fast paced space dogfights.The gameis pretty short, but hey, its indie game :)Get it on sale!!!"
,Recommended,288370,12250387,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Gemanoneko,"Good little space shooter. Nice controls (which is very important) and graphics. Player can try different ships, different weapons and work to get every upgrade, or he can just have fun in fast paced space dogfights.The gameis pretty short, but hey, its indie game :)Get it on sale!!!"
,Recommended,288370,12250403,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Gemanoneko,"Good little space shooter. Nice controls (which is very important) and graphics. Player can try different ships, different weapons and work to get every upgrade, or he can just have fun in fast paced space dogfights.The gameis pretty short, but hey, its indie game :)Get it on sale!!!"
,Recommended,288370,11487690,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Fernando,"Highly recommend this game. I just love the strike suits so much, especially Hero's path which basically let you fight armadas by yourself. Pinnacle of my enjoyment."
76561198023143591,Recommended,288370,11507569,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Peanut,"I guess I've played through the game enough to warrant an accurate review. As an owner of the original Strike Suit Zero, I can say this version is a major improvement over the first. The writing and storyline felt more fleshed out and it resolved some of the plot holes present in the first. While I'm still waiting for shadows to be implemented, the game as-is looks absolutely great and plays smoothly to boot. Also, I can't believe the guys at Born Ready listened to my comment about having more consistent transformation animations! It was a pleasant surprise to see that implemented.The only major downfall for S.S. Director's Cut is the lack of both a custom skirmish mode and multiplayer (although I would prefer skirmish mode over multiplayer, but that's just my opinion). I would have no problem paying a little more to have that feature, as I plan on keeping this game around for a while.All in all, I give the game a good 8.9/10 and I would definitely recommend it to others. Keep up the good work BRG!"
,Recommended,288370,11579836,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Celcifen,Sometimes you get that itch. That itch to lock on and fire every missile you have in a glorious display of destruction and carnage. At other times you just wanna feel like you're flying a cool mobile suit.And thats where this game comes in. You can shoot the missles and be a cool mech while watching the devastation you caused unfold as all the missle trails make their mark and explosions litter the screen. Its a good feeling.
76561197976105634,Recommended,288370,9804646,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,CannonFodder,Improved the weakest part of the original game: the story.
,Recommended,288370,11943870,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Black_Yoshi1230,"Definitely much more managable and more plot-sensical than the original cut, that's for sure. Looks like I got this at the point where things got ironed out and didn't suffer epic freezes.As for Heroes of the Fleet, eh. There wasn't any incentive to play them as intended.SPECIAL NOTICE: There are a LOT of seizure-worthy moments in this fast-paced action. The anti-seizure procedures (darken or have a long distance from monitor or better yet an HDTV) should be given some particular care for this title."
,Not Recommended,288370,11941842,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,"Trapped in Bubbaville, Send Help","Set this game down, didn't pick it back up again.This is a workmanlike entry in the ""Action Flight Sim In Space"" genre, like Descent Freespace or Project Sylpheed. Unfortunately, Project Sylpheed came out in America in 2007, and Strike Suit Zero doesn't innovate on it. The one interesting point SSZ does have is the fighter's ability to turn, Macross-style, into a bipedal robot, which is not really a feature in space, where walking around is in no way helpful. It ends up just being a button you press to get the better weapons.Lastly, the most important criticism: Their missiles have an Itano Circus reference right in the name, but don't do nearly enough to replicate the effect.I guess you can buy this game if you don't have a 360, if they were going to port Project Sylpheed, they'd have done it already."
76561197999496491,Recommended,288370,11872843,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Mattiator,"NOTE: This review below is based on the original Strike Suit Zero, as I'm still playing through it. The Director's Cut improves pacing and voice acting, adds much of the original game's DLC, as well as provides a visual upgrade. However, it is much more demanding on systems and ditches the (rarely used) Steam Workshop support. You're probably better off getting the Director's Cut as a new player (unless your system cannot run it), but veterans of the original probably don't need to double-dip.Strike Suit Zero is a intense and frantic game with a lot of significant flaws. Controls can feel complex and cumbersome, often akin to patting your head and rubbing your belly as you constantly shift between various weapons systems to chew through energy shields or armor more efficiently, time your EMP to throw off enemy missiles, manage weapon and thruster energy so as not to be left vulnerable while also keeping tabs on numerous objectives, enemy types, and friendlies that need more protection than Slippy ever did. Flipping into 'Strike' mode (AKA Mech mode) is only a temporary respite, cutting your maneuverability and boasting a whole different set of controls that must be mastered to maximize it's enormous firepower. It's overwhelming at times all of the stuff that needs to be kept track of, and the cluttered, boring missions don't help. However, when the game is firing on all cylinders and you get into a stride, there's absolutely nothing like SSZ in the genre that makes you feel like an ace pilot. The climax of one mission, for example, sees you screaming into combat as an outgunned allied battleship is melted, corkscrewing through a swarm of enemy fighters blasting at everything to build up flux in time. From there, you flip smoothly into Strike mode, strafing along the broadside of a massive enemy cruiser mashing turrets and hoping to god your shields can hold on for just a few milliseconds longer before shifting back to fighter mode and wheeling out for another run, eyes constantly watching the armor melting off your allied ship. Moments like these will be among the most memorable moments you can have with this game. Unfortunately, they'll also be peppered with hatred for the accursed bomber missions, long missions of ""kill this group of enemies, move, repeat ad nauseam"", and the boring story."
76561197984793884,Recommended,288370,10858739,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,mindtecus,"This game is quite fun and addicting. It's story might be simple, but the fun in blasting away fleets of your enemies very much outweighs it."
76561197999370705,Recommended,288370,10864342,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Matzimus Prime,Great throwback to 90's space sim games - most of which I enjoyed immensely.Recommended for anyone who loves a good dogfight in space.
,Recommended,288370,12781540,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Gyme,"Overall enjoyable. Fast paced, tons of action and explosions. The end brings a fairly interesting twist to the whole story. I don't think it's worth more than $10 though. So if it's on sale, give it a shot."
76561198154442787,Recommended,288370,12963685,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,spcharllock,The Macross game I've been waiting for! XD
76561198029376034,Recommended,288370,11413891,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Darkwulf1982,"Fun fast paced Space 3-D fighter.  Solid storyline to boot, and solid graphix."
76561198009890879,Recommended,288370,11459765,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Souluntar,"Great game all in all. The story is a little bit strange and feels like it was rushed but the gameplay is solid. Nothing better than switching to strike suit mode and locking 30+ missiles on targets then letting them all go at once XD. Glitches are non-existent also, so thats a plus 8/10"
76561198043977933,Recommended,288370,12134353,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Orpheus,"I had the original version of SSZ when it came out. I was really impressed with it hen, so to say that the Director's Cut is somthing else entirely doesnt do it justice. The remastered graphics, missions, characters, and campaign are absolutely phenomenal. IF you're looking for a great game that can provide hours of enjoyment and replayability, look no further."
,Recommended,288370,21058546,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jikata,"I was searching on google a gundam-like game and I found this.The Strike mode is fantastic and the italian subs are good.I recommend this, and when I finish it, I will share it with a my friend."
,Recommended,288370,20676153,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Rammsteniako,"Alright game, lacks in the story and you cant use most ships in the campaign :( 7/10"
,Recommended,288370,14789323,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Fujiwara_Takumi,"I got this game on sale. I gotta say, it was definetely worth 6 Euro.Pros:-Story is great (Control v2.0 gave me a good laugh, Control V1 was intriguing AF)-A total of 4 different endings-No DLC hassle-Textures are great on my PC (I do not have a direct comparison with the originial, but I do have infinity)-Combat system is very enjoyable (Spoiler alert: you WILL see the Itano Circus reference to Macross)-The music+good voice actingCons:-No shadows? The upped textures didn't compensate entirely for the loss of shadows. (In comparison to SSI)-Repetetive missions-Steep learning curve. You really need to practice before you can get the 'STRIKE FAST' achievement.If you're very picky:-The strike mode (mecha mode) might kill the speed of the game, since you lose all your forward momentum upon transforming.In the end, buy this game as long as it's under 10 *whatever your currency may be* :D"
,Recommended,288370,24492724,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Orange Juice,"I had loads of fun with this game. Stealth suit OP as ♥♥♥♥, though. Needs multiplayer and AI that is more willing to opern the pod bay doors."
,Recommended,288370,28024808,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Menroko,"If you are looking for a fast-paced fighter action with a dash of mecha. This is your game, sadly the difficulty curve is really up there unless you have a good controller."
,Not Recommended,288370,14806198,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Potitoman,"This game is unfinished and the devs cannot be bothered to complete it.The shadows are disabled and the devs have confirmed they will not fix it. This makes the game look far, far worse than the non director's version.  The FOV slider is also disabled. Get the original version if you must but avoid this one."
,Recommended,288370,21115476,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Splinter,"Strike Suit Zero: Director's Cut is a welcome addition to the space combat genre, especially since fewer and fewer are being made nowadays. If you happen to be a fan of Star Fox, Rogue Squadron or high-speed mecha anime, this might be the game for you. Get it on sale, or else go with the spinoff, Strike Suit Infinity (which I actually prefer -- no fluff, just pure fun, and cheaper too)."
