user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,288470,32286020,Posted: 9 June,all,Primary,Still as fun as it always was. Bought it on sale.Now please port Fable 2. Seriously- please. I'd even buy it at full price. I just wanna play Fable 2 again man.FUCK
,Not Recommended,288470,12568135,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,[IG] RDMT,"This game is $35.It adds HD graphics (it is pretty), controller support and windowed mode. That is all, at least that I've seen.The DLC for this game is $25. It consists solely of costumes you will never use and are inferior to the base-game armors.I've had the game lock up on me several times, unable to progress until I loaded a previous save from about an hour ago. You cannot save in the middle of missions. Good luck!Fable: The Lost Chapters is available for $10 and includes all of the same content minus the DLCs and the aforementioned additions. Unless your hobbies include frivolous spending and frustration regarding games not working correctly, you should save your money."
,Recommended,288470,29873792,Posted: 12 February,all,richisdisturbed,"The biggest issue with Fable Anniversary is that if you didn't play the original around the time of release, or if you're not a Fable fan, then this game will feel very dated by todays standards.I personally find Fable 1 to be the best in the series, it was full of potential, it didn't have a rubbish co-op mode tacked on, you dont get forced to have a dog, the story is somehwat decent, & the humour is there as usual.If you've never played Fable before & this will be your first, you may struggle to enjoy it the way we all did years ago. So we have two ratings for this mini review, one for previous players, one for new players.7/10 - If you played the OG title, this ratings for you, it's the game you remember, but shinier & with The Lost Chapters included.5/10 - If you've never played Fable, you may enjoy the game but it will seem very mediocre & dated."
,Not Recommended,288470,18003315,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Delirium,"I was very excited about this game considering that Fable TLC is easily in my top 5 favorite games of all time. My expectations were simple: that this would be an upgrade to the beloved game I grew up playing. My mind was open when I first played Anniversary, knowing very well that the nastalgia from the first game would be influencing my feelings. Nevertheless, I would have expected my bias towards the series to lead towards a raving review. Instead I'm overwhelmingly compelled to advise other potential players to not waste their money on this lazy production.""Laziness"" on behalf of the developers is truly the best summary I can offer. The graphics have been updated  but that's where the careful effort ends.This game is loaded with bugs and glitches.I had to stop playing about maybe 1/8 of the way through because the pause menu got stuck. Let me repeat that:the pause menu got stuck.This is the only bug I'll take the time to mention because I think it's the most telling of how severely poor of a job the developers did porting the game. At some point, for no identifyable reason, I stopped being able to access any of my clothing, inventory, or skills through the pause menu because it would continuously scroll through every tab and option. It was as if whatever key was supposed to scroll down was stuck (it obviously wasn't). To be unable to level up, use items or view quests in a game such as this simply means that it is unplayable.Take a moment to look up other glitches people have encountered. Even if they are not quite as critical as this they are indicative of the experience you'll have with this game. It falls short of so many basic, fundamental expectations; it is a product without soul or passion.My final, most disheartening complaint is probably trivial in comparison, but I have to mention it: you can't get drunk anymore. I don't think it's much to ask for -- it was a quirky feature that made frequenting the taverns fun. I can't even begin to tell you how many quests I would go on in TLC with my character knocking beers back one after another. When questioned about this absent feature in public forums the developers claimed that it was ""a low priority"". They've sacrificied gameplay, gutted stability and tossed away functionaility for better graphics in a new game engine.I remember playing the first game and having fantasies of how it could have been better. The game was great, but there was something about it that you just instinctively knew there could be so much more to it. I kind of always hoped they'd somehow justify building it out some more, drilling down on the gameplay elements and turning it into a more immersive experience. The Anniversary release managed to step down that road then subsequently run in the opposite direction. It is a graphically-polished abomination."
76561198021308169,Recommended,288470,32276541,Posted: 8 June,all,Shovel Lover,"Remember when we were young, naive, and trusted Peter Molyneux?"
,Recommended,288470,32207755,Posted: 5 June,all,Super Special Guy,"Great game. Port is meh, I didn't have any problems though.The inventory was never good, even in the original. So take criticism of that with a grain of salt. Game length for first time might be around 9-15 hours or more. Right now I can finish an entire playthrough in about 4-5 hours pretty relaxed.Realistically, you should be able to get at least 3 playthroughs of this game before you feeeeel like you've done everything.If you are like me though, you keep coming back to the game at least once a year to run a character or 2 again. There is just something about this game that no other rpg really has. And you can come back to it, knowing you've done everything, just to do it again from a slightly different angle or paying attention to a specific part of the game. It also helps that the game isn't very time consuming especially when you know what you are doing, but the quality of the time spent is pretty nice. There isn't really any portion of the game that is frustrating or confusing, and you have a TON of freedom, even when the world is basically a really really big hallway.I think its the progression system, the world is kind of interesting, or the combat being really fun (if a bit easy at times), who knows.If you buy this game, my advice would be to have your first character on the normal difficulty, then just use the hard difficulty instead.Reasoning for this is that the pacing of the difficulty is a lot ""better"" in the normal difficulty, but for the hard one they just ramped it up to 80-90% at the start and got rid of phials.Oh, and last tip, don't look up exploits, there are quite a few in this game and once you know them it might be difficult to limit yourself, and a ton of the fun in this game is progressing your gear as well as your character.TL;DR This game has a lot of really well done features that even games like skyrim could take a step back and learn from what this game did with the world and progression. The combat is fun, the progression is fun, the world is interesting. The only negative would be length, but you should be able to get 2-3 playthroughs pretty easily and may end up still wanting to do a few more :)"
,Recommended,288470,16726119,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Infamous Roffel シ,"Fable, an old, great RPG!Fable Anniversary is a remake of the original Fable - The Lost Chapters. But to be honest, it hasn't changed much since 2004. I bought this game because I had lot of fun with it in the past. The only things that had changed are some textures, dynamic shadows, the sunlight effects and the screen size (original 4:3). That's all.If you compare the two versions the remake looks definitly better, but this doesn't justifies a price of 32€!To the positive facts:++ nice storyline (same like original)++ individual character++ decisions affect the story+ ""Legendary"" difficulty!+ you can choose between good & evil+ graphic is o.k.+ nice soundtrack (no big selection, but o.k.)+ many sidequests+ nice design (of the area and NPC's)+ an active, changing world+ about 15 hours playtime (acceptable for a RPG)+ achievements and trading cardsnow the bad things...- I liked the textures more in the ""normal"" version- you can't change your face and skincolour- ugly old, tattooed, scar plated character in the end- 32€?! 15€, o.k. 32€? - gtfo.- some bugs, but no big deal- DLC are not necessary and cost way too much!- you CAN'T change the keyboard layout!- the inventory looks awful- at all nothing big changed, so the price isn't justifiedI tell you, if you liked ""Fable - The Lost Chapters"" you will also like the remake version. But don't buy it for the full price, it's way too much. Wait for a sale and than grab it! :-)For all the other players outside there, I think it will be interesting for you, if you like RPG's and games were YOU make the story (in some little ways).because of those negative aspects, I have to give ""Fable Anniversary"":6,5/10thank you for reading my review and have a good day :-)"
,Recommended,288470,23426084,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kasser,"While this is a ""Remastered"" version of the original X-Box Fable, gameplay elements certainly aged. You will notice the story has no pace at all and things just happen too quickly in cutscenes.  Combat is all about mashing the attack button.However the game is unique and still has its charm. Lots of silly fun can be had with it.If you are into action button mashing games and open world RPG, then I recommend to get this game when it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,288470,12822850,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Captain Jett,"Fable Anniversary delivers what it promised; A prettier version of the original game.The game has aged well on its own, but the new graphics definitely make me personally want to play it more than the original. And that's honestly about it; it only ropes me in for the nostalgia.This isn't a game for everyone, however, as it does run into some problems. I can't stand the new UI, which is clonky and harder to navigate than the original's, and the implementation of the DLC is pretty bland and honestly not worth considering. As others have no doubt already pointed out, the pricing is outrageous for a simple HD rerelease. For the full, and best experience of the Fable franchise, you're better off sticking to Fable: TLC which is only 10 dollars. Anniversary is about $35 with DLC being a total of $25. The DLC offers nothing new to the game except fancy accessories that are weaker than the Vanilla armors and weapons. $60 dollars for the full ""Anniversary"" experience versus a $10 fee for the original vanilla experience. The difference in pricing is absurd, and the fact that the developers want 60 dollars for an old game with a new paint job is just stupid.The only bug I have run into personally is one where the game crashes while trying to spend experience points, but that in itself is enough to warrant negative attention as it breaks immersion.Once the game goes down in price, I'd recommend this game to anyone new to the Fable franchise, as it really holds up better than the sequels of the original game. Until then, however, stick with the $10 TLC."
,Not Recommended,288470,17772913,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,JackasaurusKirk,"This is hardly a remaster. They put in new character models, and thats it. The animations are the same and the cutscenes were not redone and all have the resolution of a baked potato. Even the little gifs in the level up menu are the same. They show the old graphics and are compressed to all hell. On top of that, all the same bugs are present that were in the original. ALL OF THEM. Dialogue clips playing too late and getting cut off, bad camera that cuts off your face in cutscenes or shoots your neck, and for some reason the trader in the arena was closed (how?). There are also NEW bugs, like the animation for chests opening are apparently only 5 frames and look hella choppy. For god's sake the character models aren't even that good and all the hair and facial hair look plastered on. You can see that it starts as a texture and the hair model itself is just sort of hovering on top. At least in the original hair didn't look like it was glued on.They also changed some of the game mechanics. Namely they changed it so that shops suck now. Its been a long time since I played the original, but I don't remember shops being this picky. A shop that specializes in gifts and crap that will buy rubies and diamonds, but not sapphires is ridiculous. Shops that will buy dark versions of armor but not bright or regular, shops only having 2 health potions in stock, shops that will buy my obsidian katana, but not my steel katana. What the hell kind of economy is this? I shouldn't have to go town to town just to find someone who wants to buy my ♥♥♥♥ing sapphires. They're sapphires.This is a prime example of how bad a remaster can be. It's less ""mastered"" than the original. They managed to lose some master while remastering."
76561198067049808,Recommended,288470,33774984,Posted: 24 July,all,TheDoctorsCat,Fable 2 please?Doesnt even need to be remastered. Just sell it to us please.Ill pay full price...Brides work right?
76561198027658793,Recommended,288470,23393261,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DontTryThisAtLoL,"Same old Fable with HD graphics, makes it even better to play, will beat it again and again like I used to do it years ago. 100% Recommended If you like Action Role/adventure games."
76561197960552318,Not Recommended,288470,12074433,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Chrome Badger,"If you want Fable, go back to the original plus Lost Chapters.I loved the original Fable, but this port is not worth the extra money. When first announced, I was excited because I thought they'd improve upon the original. Fix issues with the old one, gameplay or glitch wise, maybe add in a couple new quests, and fix the bad user interface and player menus.Instead, it's really only a graphical difference. Worse yet, the graphics aren't really that much better. Sure, they smoothed things up and fixed up some lighting effects, but the models (especially the faces) are ugly as sin. I was hoping (more than anything else) they'd take a page from Fable 2 & 3, and give the option to buy a house without killing the occupants. Instead, it looks like that's still the plan. At least they looked at the menu options. Well, they looked but they did not fix. In fact, they made them worse. I bought this game for the PC, I WANT TO USE A KEYBOARD AND MOUSE. You cannot rebind keys. The default Keyboard/Mouse keys I cannot imagine are good for a right-handed player. For a left-handed player like myself, they're murder. The menu is horribly clunky. If I want an to equip a sword, for example. Imagine I've already navigated the maze of menu options to get there. Then, to actually equip the sword, you don't push enter. you push A. ON THE KEYBOARD. If you want to go back? B. The letter B. Not escape, that won't work.Yes, I know controllers are available that work with my PC. I don't want them, I'm comfortable with my keyboard and mouse. As a big fan of Fable games (I own them all) this is insulting. The graphics are softer. The cutscenes still look like they're from the original (pixels EVERYWHERE). There's no customization to how I want to play a game that's all about customization. The User Interface is worse than before. There's a stupid book opening animation that has to play everytime you open the game or want to exit back to menu. This is a horrible addition to the Fable family. I'll probably play it again, I paid for it. Don't make the same mistake.EDIT: Upon assistance from another player, he revealed that you actually need to be on your sepcific character before the option to change controls appears. While this provides immense relief, left-handed players may be distraught to discover you cannot rebind end, delete, pgdn or pgup, home or insert. Further, the numberpad keys cannot be assigned to the hotbar keys.Still, I count this as a victory, and a lot of my stress about the game has been removed."
76561198116527414,Recommended,288470,28291542,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Sigmar,"This game has a very specific character. On the one hand, it displays a dorky, sometimes childish type of humor (fart joke level), on the other hand, it gets really dark at certain points: I am talking about villains slaughtering helpless civilians, torturing children and murdering hostages in front of your eyes.There are summarizing scenes at the end of each story chapter in a seriously epic tone, presenting you as the heir of a mysterious power and saviour of the world from the rule of demons and the undead. In contrast to that, you can donate books to a school and watch the little ones recite the lines on stage, giggling at the mature content, or you can go to the beach and participate in a competition called Chicken Kickin' (yes, the name is a literal description!). And it is not just comic relief, the overall atmosphere, at least for the most part, is playful and self-ironic. Slay an ugly monster, then take its head, go to the next town, and run around showing it to everyone to enjoy the applause. Choose a fabulous nom-de-guerre, like ""Liberator"" or ""The Hood"", and listen to everyone you see talking about you until you cannot even hear it yourself anymore. Find a sick child in the poor quarter of a town, learn that you need certain mushrooms to save it - then get one of those by performing a Russian style dance number in front of a woman to make her laugh and give you the shroom as  a reward... These examples should give you an idea of the vibe.The production value is undeniably excellent: The artstyle is captivating and flawlessly executed, in all departments from graphics (both environment and animations) via sound (atmospheric and beautiful music, the voice acting always top-notch!) to the writing (actually interesting lore-texts,  diversified quests with creative solutions and twists) - I feel that a lot of love went into these aspects.The character development I find a little unbalanced. You have access to high level gear pretty early, and then, armour and weapons don't change that much any longer. Other games have succeeded to give you more intermediate goals to work for. Also, it does not help that the title everybody knows you under (like ""Liberator"") is not earned by heroic deeds, but purchased from a trader after you have become tired of hearing your default title all the time (""Chicken Chaser""). Nevertheless, I appreciate that you see your hero growing up from his traumatic childhood experience via the training as a youngling (which is, at the same time, the tutorial thus integrated in your personal story - kudos to whomever had that idea!) to the point where you are a grown man and a famous hero in the end. This organic development of your story is a big plus.There are a few annoying things though:- The inventory is divided into different parts and subparts, which makes sense somehow, but you need many clicks and scrolls when you want to find a specific consumable or tool.- NPCs are only available during a limited part of the game day, and there is no ""wait x hours"" function, which makes you run around and look for some public mattress with a suspicious blanket to sleep in - it is not only kind of ""ew"" and underwhelming, it is a lot of unnecessary running.- Some quests give you too little choices; e.g. I wanted to complete the game as a noble hero, including the charitable task of collecting books for the local school - but you cannot do that legally, you have to steal certain books from the houses of people who just welcomed you with cheers of love and admiration; that bothered me a little.- There are too many loading screens!- Also, I never like it when enemies respawn endlessly, it belittles the achievement of having defeated those enemies before and encourages farming - a technical, non-immersive form of playing an RPG. But that is a matter of taste.The combat is not very well designed in my opinion. It is interesting for a while, specifically when you are still discovering all the new types of enemies, but after the waves of identical opponents in the Arena quest, you have seen (almost) everything and can only expect repetitions of the same patterns while you mash your buttons. The most annoying thing about the whole game though is the ease with which enemies stagger you, even if you parry and wear heavy armour. Some types like trolls, nymphs and the final enemy of the main quest send you to the ground every few seconds (!) because they spam unblockable power attacks from a distance. That does not feel good, you don't feel powerful and heroic at this point, and you don't feel well entertained either when you constantly watch your toon picking himself up. I think this is a cheap way of adding artificial difficulty and takes away from the immersion and the fun.Still, there are many features to enjoy: Minigames within the game like the aforementioned Chicken Kickin' or the numerous cardgames in the taverns, the various demon door riddles you can solve for bonus loot, or the challenge to buy and upgrade houses in all the towns, maybe even marry one of your nameless, but quite attractive groupies...If you don't take this game (or life in general) too seriously, you will get the most out of it.Bottom line: A game with character and a lot of creative content, some (mostly technical) flaws, but nevertheless good entertainment; overall a 7/10."
,Recommended,288470,12124157,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Bazgrim,"This game was a little rough at the start, I admit it.Lionhead seems to be taking quick action with the PC Game and listening to the community.Patches were deployed and the game is now PC friendly with mouse menu support and official workshop support.The artwork has been entirely redone, but not to the point where it doesn't feel like Fable.This game is for people who loved the Fable franchise and want to relive it in HD.If you're expecting an entirely new game, you're going to be sorely disappointed. The remake is well done and will make Fable have longer replayability for that much longer."
,Recommended,288470,23553813,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Alpha,"Great game. I see why people might not like it, but for a person who really liked Fable 3 (got into the franchise there), I like this game so much more. After playing this one for 25 hours, I tried to pick up Fable 3 again, and wow I just realized how bad that game is. If you liked any of the fable games, this one will be a good addition to your collection."
76561198140656214,Not Recommended,288470,19330549,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Thumadon,"I had played the original Fable mutiple times and it was pretty enjoyable. So when I heard about the anniversary edition I was very excited to see what they improved upon.Unfortunately, what they mean by ""Anniversary Edition"" is ""Retexture Pack.""Yes, it does introduce the Heroic difficulty, has some new DLC, and now allows for modding. That said, the new DLC is just costume packs and the modding is a joke.They had wasted a wonderful opportunity to improve on what is widely considered a classic RPG. For instance the slogan for this game ""FOR EVERY CHOICE, A CONSEQUENCE"" is a joke! Nothing you do has any major impact on the game. Whether you're good or evil (there's no in-between here) you end up in the same position with, at best, minor fluctuations. The animation is still a clunky mess and so is the dialogue. I liked this game for what it was, but what it is now is an old game that hasn't aged well. With that and the failure to improve on anything of greater value, I would not recommend this game to anyone who played the original. Your memories of this game are better than the game itself."
,Not Recommended,288470,17361778,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,#roasted,"Real talk:It's a good game, but there is literally no update to this and the original. The physics, gameplay, movement of characters, story line (given, but I was hoping for an extra treat), etc. is all the same from the old fable. The graphics are muddier than before, and I feel you should get the entire game without needing DLCs. Honestly, save your $60 for the full game and buy the old one which has great graphics for its ages, for $10."
,Not Recommended,288470,18104559,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Araneidan,"Very disappointed that I can play things like Warframe and Skyrim with no issues, but this game studders and lags to the point where the gameplay is ruined. I cannot express my disappointment enough."
,Recommended,288470,33877311,Posted: 29 July,all,pike196,Awesome remake! Very faithful to the original.Havent had any crashes.Give us Fable 2 Anniversary!
76561198018843665,Recommended,288470,32630786,Posted: 21 June,all,DEEDEESBEAK,R.I.P. Lion Head.
76561198074830897,Recommended,288470,31943857,Posted: 24 May,all,Pav,Great to revisit my childhood. I'd pay a full $60 just to get Fable 2 on PC. Best one of the series it's a damn shame it's the only one missing.
76561198038793663,Not Recommended,288470,16402987,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,samuelblaize,"As soon as you gain control of your character, you can feel this is an incredibly lazy port. The movement and camera are still very awkward, stubborn and juttery. Even though I'm using an analog stick, it feels like I'm playing a game entirely designed to work with a d-pad; I don't quite seem to have control, as though I'm telling my character where to go, and he's moving only in the vague direction. The character constantly gets caught on walls, boxes, anything he can find really.All of this was in the original game, and it was forgiveable a decade ago, but now, they should really have done better. I know it sounds like I'm nitpicking, but poor movement and camera in an action RPG really mars an otherwise great game.The graphics have been improved. Though they aren't fantastic, they are enough and make the game far more playable than the original, which has certainly not aged well in terms of looks.Other than the graphics, all that seems to have changed is the UI. Parts are far better, other parts are the same if not worse. The d-pad menu in the bottom left is still atrocious to navigate, but the other menus are good now.I have been recommending this game since the day it was released, and I will continue to, but I cannot recommend this port. The bare minimum effort has been put in, and it's clear within minutes that this is nothing but a cheap cash grab. I want more people to enjoy this amazing game, I really do. I just can't lie and say this is worth buying.Fable deserves better than this."
,Recommended,288470,23897935,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Zhev,"""Chicken chaser, do you chase chickens?""8.5- Pretty decent remake, cut-scenes are roughly the same as the original. But the environments,  game-play and UI feel really fluid/ well rendered."
76561198011449822,Recommended,288470,32511220,Posted: 17 June,all,の3ѡʊ █ ツ,"Yea another remaster.So first of all I don’t know why people are complaining about bad port, maybe it was bad right after release but now it is great, 0 problems for me.Ok now straight for game… Nostalgia and once more nostalgia. I played fable as a kid something about 5-10 times I can’t remember, it was great! Now I played it twice and I maxed it. Game pulls you into story from first minute. Great feature that you can be bad/good and do the hell you want, that yours decisions affects how world sees you and how u look like. You can be literally a saint or a devil (You can be even an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ). You can kill who the hell you want. Your family? Sure. Other heroes or guild master? Sure. A f***ing dragon? Sure why not.Port is good, remaster of this is game is good, so if you didn’t play it you f***ing should have! Now buy it and spend some good time with this, in my opinion one of the best RPG’s . But spare yourself agony of playing part 3 of fable series, 2 is good, but 3 is a big♥♥♥♥♥♥ So if you played previous fables and you think it wasn’t  good, try first part (like dragon age: origins, best part of series)"
76561198098229578,Recommended,288470,31274256,Posted: 21 April,all,BadlyDrawnFox,"As it's a remastered version of a game that was released quite a long time ago you can't expect it to stack up against a lot of new releases, but Fable will never be a bad game in my eyes. The original Fable charm is still there in a big way, and it's that charm that makes hours of gameplay feel like minutes as you get lost in an endearing world.If you've never played it before, get it. If you've played it through before, get it on sale.Don't wait... Become the chicken chasing hero you were born to be."
76561198048745048,Recommended,288470,32092536,Posted: 31 May,all,chull,This is great but give us Fable 2 on pc please. I miss my dog and I think Fable 3 is the bad kind of third trimester birth control.
,Recommended,288470,12095286,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Wasdom Kung™,"Amazing Game.I don't care whether the Graphics are the only difference in this game blah blah. I'm not going to join the mass amount of players that complain about the dumbest things or smallest problems that can be fixed via Google.I genuinely had fun with this game. Upon pre-load and launch, I had NO problems at all. I was very excited to play this as I have played it 100+ times since it came out in 2005 on Original Xbox, then TLC and TLC on the PC. It took me little over 9h to fully complete and 100% the game and after every playthrough I just want to do it again. It's immersive, the quests are great, I had no bugs at all and most importantly, I had fun!Sure it doesn't support mouse and keyboard on the menu(at this time), but is it that hard to use A and B when it says? Anyways, I'm not going to dig at the moany bams on the Community.It's Fable, it's the original. 10/10.Also, take a look at some SweetFX settings and guides if you want to clean up your blurs and turn on AA etc, it really helps alot.Can't wait for modding."
76561198142532639,Recommended,288470,23296275,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Art3mis,"I must admit, I expected more of this remaster.I was so excited when this was announced that I immediately bought the game at full price (which I almost never do). The fact is, apart from a graphics update, the game offers little more than the original did. I am generally someone who enjoys the feel of the game more than the look, and for anyone who tends towards the same perspective, the Anniversary version is probably not worth it.However, I can say very little against the game itself; it is still one of my all time favourites. It's witty, intelligent, story-rich with plenty of side quests to sink your teeth into, and it offers a surprising amount of character development considering your controllable 'Hero' doesn't actually speak. You also get to kick chickens. My only niggles with the game itself are that you can only play as a male character, which I find limits my immersion somewhat, and that the camera occasionally refuses to do as you tell it. The quests are also very binary good/evil - no grey areas here. And the guards are totally fine with you wandering around opening fancy chests, but as soon as you try to steal a moustache from a bookshelf, OH NO THAT'S NOT ALLOWED.I am still glad I bought this version of the game. And as I would confidently say that Fable should be played by everyone, I can hardly not reccommend it."
,Recommended,288470,29294064,Posted: 16 January,all,protectereli,In fable you play a violent sociopathic devil with a fetish for kicking chickens.In Fable Anniversary you play a violent socipathic devil with a fetish for kicking chickens...in HD.10/10 got to relive my chicken kickin fantasy'sCHICKEN CHASER!!!
,Recommended,288470,28685561,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,KuchenKlatscher,"I played Fable 2 and 3 before I played this one and hooo boy was it worth my money.This game really does have a really interesting vibe to it, like the two sequels. The story on it's own can be a bit shallow as there is very little background information, but if you've played the sequels, you will love this one. Gameplay is not as variable as fable 2 and 3, but remember: This game is over 10 years old (initial release 2004) and this is merely an improved texture to the original. The combat can feel a bit clunky at times, but when it doesn't it does combat right in all the good ways. When you get into the flow of the game, the clunky feel rarely occurs. All in all I'd rate it a solid 9/10THE FOLLOWING SEGMENT CONTAINS A BIT OF INFORMATION ON THE SERIES' SITUATIONLionhead Studios has been shut down. It happened april 29th of 2016. I never saw this whizzing by, but when I did, I realised a Fable 4 will never happen. I read up on how this happened and Lionhead Studios basically got screwed over by Microsoft. Microsoft felt the game was not profitable enough, and tried to force the series into an server-based game of some sort. They invested 75 million in this and soon realised this form does not work for this series and cancelled it. Lionhead asked for proper budgeting and a fair chunk of time to create fable 4, using a part of the discarded game in the process, but Microsoft denied this because they felt it did not rake in enough money. Honestly, money is one of the reasons good games like this appear less and less frequently. Fable truly was a masterpiece, but has been brought to a halt due to moneygrubbing. A sight which is sad to see.(Info gathered from gaming news articles by a simple google on ""Fable 4"")"
,Recommended,288470,31714274,Posted: 12 May,all,Master Fuzzums,"Is it everything Peter Molynew promised it would be? No, of course not. But, even after all these years, it's still a fun, solid RPG, with good gameplay, cool secrets, a great sense of adventure, and a fun (if a bit cliche) story that unfolds before you.Now can we please get Fable 2 ported to PC/Steam? Please? Like, really, is that so hard? For God's sake you gave us Fable 3 and that was a load of crap."
,Not Recommended,288470,12073951,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Icheras [Ger],"I would really like to recommend Fable Anniversary .... but as someone who played Fable TLC till the end i can't really get how banning the mouse from the inventory/journal/abilitys menu and replaceing it with insert, delete, home and end is going to make it less difficult to operate.  I can't say if controller are more helpfull for I have a GameStop controller and not an Xbox one. If you haven't figured it out: the game doesn't recougnice my controller. If you play with mouse and keybord you should also be notified that changeing controlls from the main menu isn't (yet) possible - it works from the ingame menu -neigther is changing the the four previous keys{fixed}.Hope i can return to change(/delete) my review without adding new contra points."
,Recommended,288470,17287787,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,(GoR)Andrew.zhd,"...Before I shall say more, it is important for you to know that I never playedFablein the 1st place. I heard a lot of good reviews from my friends, so when they releasedAnniversaryI knew that this game will be for me.Despite the huge lot of negative reviews, I loved this game from start to finish. And yes, I have encountered a few techinical bugs on the way, but this was so unimportant in the long run, that I never seemed to care much.Graphics were decent (and I was playing on low settings because my current setup is long outdated), the menus and loading screens were bright and colourful, and the game itself is pretty much the sameFableso many players loved, so what's the deal?You may not agree with me, but I think it's a good idea to pick this edition during a sale or promotion for a lower price (price tag is kinda too high), better with all DLCs available (also discounted price) to play the game, get some nice achievements, Steam badge, cards and stuff like that. Not to mention a whole lot of fun which comes with the package....And that wraps it up, for me.P.S.: sorry if this looks a bit messy. I hope you might find it useful anyway."
76561198061392101,Recommended,288470,12823009,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Spocks Toupee,"Overall, if you're a fan of Fable, then pick this one up for the flashy new graphics, with a ""old time/new look"" timey-wimey wibbly-wobbly stuff game.There were some hiccups at the initial launch though, and I covered them honestly in the text below.I was skeptical at first about buying this game (mainly because I already own Fable TLC), but after checking out the screenshots of the interface and spell effects I decided to take the plunge and buy it.There were some Keyboard and Mouse control, nonassignable buttons, oversights at first, but the devs were quick to respond to the forum users asking for the ""BLOCK"" function and other keys to be able to be user-assigned.So that oversight was quickly ironed out.The other initial oversight was that it was very clear that the menu system was designed with a controller in mind rather than a K+M setup, but yet again, the devs have hopped on that, and I can currently, (and happily) click away with my mouse in the overall menu (Inventory/Quests/Maps etc)I have to give a thumbs up to the devs as well, they LISTENED to our feedback and FIXED things. How great is that?They get a double thumbs-up for that in MY book :)Now where's Fable 2 for the PC? ;)"
,Recommended,288470,15010669,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Brandon,"While I understand everyone's opinion I don't agree. This game is a lot of fun and relaxing. I didn't buy it at launch so I didn't experience all the glitches and performance issues but I don't think that would of changed my view. The combat is nice and simple and it looks beautiful. However it does have it's issues. All in all I think if you like RPG's you should pick this up. But wait until it's on sale, I don't think this is worth $35.Verdict: 7/10"
,Recommended,288470,25623934,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Jabba The Hutt,"When Fable first came out in 2004, it had years’ worth of far-fetched promises and frothing hype to live up to. Now it’s got rose-tinted recollections to satisfy. I’m not sure which is worse. Happily, though, Fable Anniversary gently retouches Lionhead’s original action-RPG without doing unspeakable violence to its memory. Fable Anniversary is a reminder of the things that established one of the Xbox’s most recognisable franchises - its lovely art, silly personality and playful attitude to good and evil. It doesn’t play like it was made yesterday, but this is a good adaptation, even if a few annoyingly anachronistic features remain.Fable has aged well, partly because some of its best ideas have since become action-RPG staples - things like real-time combat, good-evil alignment and a world that reacts to your actions. Fable didn’t invent any of these things, but it does them well and uniquely enough that it’s still fun to play today. It’s easy to feel at home in this fantastical version of England’s green and pleasant land, where the countryside goes on forever and nobody is from inside the M25, and you’re greeted by cheers and applauding admirers whenever you step into the village pub for a pint. The place feels alive.Fable is a simple and recognisable heroic tale at heart - you go from young boy to storied warrior, leaving your mark on the land of Albion, and eventually avenging your family - but the setting and sense of humour make it much more endearing than the usual po-faced videogame fantasy. Fable’s fondness for the ridiculous yields chicken-kicking minigames, Union Jack underpants, a legendary weapon in the shape of a frying pan, gloriously eclectic accents and dialogue, and a playfully disgusting range of fart and belch emotes.Fable Anniversary looks far, far better than the original Xbox version, with beautiful new textures and updated models and effects, although everyone has a bad case of the scaryfaces. The old-fashioned looping animations date it -  there’s no motion-captured fluidity here - but if you were a fan the first time around, it’s wonderful to see it looking so good. The extra Lost Chapters content, too, is worth seeing if you haven’t before. For me, though, the best reason to play again was that the first time was so long ago that I’d forgotten almost everything about it.Everything revolves around the Hero’s Guild, where you go to pick up quests ranging from tedious beastie-bashing to epic treks across the Albion countryside. How you shape your Hero depends entirely on where you spend the experience gained from these quests - you can pile it all into magic spells and skills, beef up his melee muscle or improve stealth and ranged accuracy, or spread your experience across different categories.This, in turn, affects his appearance, as does his alignment on the good-evil scale - magic users go bald quicker, for example – but the main determining factor is Fable’s binary and simplistic take on good and evil. It’s satisfying to see a halo and butterflies materialise around good heroes whilst evil ones sprout horns and go ghastly pale, even if those actions don’t have wide-reaching consequences in the wider world beyond making you more famous and recognisable. Without any of the shades of gray that make a morality system truly interesting, it’s more of a cartoonish fantasy.Fable’s combat uses a mix of magic, melee and ranged attacks, and in the original game it didn’t gel together well. Melee attacks used to be on several buttons, you’d have to press the Back button to aim with the bow, and the lock-on was pretty terrible. For Anniversary, the combat controls have been adapted to be closer to the one-button system of later Fables - melee is on X, ranged is on Y and magic is on B. This is a vast improvement, and makes it much easier to use all your available skills in fights rather than brute-forcing through with melee alone.Frustratingly, though, a few persisting control problems make prolonged fighting feel like a slog. Firstly, the lock-on still isn’t good enough - too often it targets a faraway enemy or a friendly when there’s a mob of undead right up in your face. This isn’t helped by an imperfect camera. Dodging is clumsy, and when you’re mobbed by enemies they have an irritating tendency to catch you in a hit animation loop and leave you unable to strike. Fable Anniversary’s fighting is fun in small doses, but after a while it’s tempting to just smash your way through with basic X-button strikes to get things over with, which is just about possible in many situations even if it is less fun. Nowhere is this better exemplified than in the extremely long and tedious Arena quest, where you must fight a sequence of mostly generic enemies that feels endless.Fable Anniversary also preserves the original’s combat multiplier, which builds up when you land blows without getting hit. The combat multiplier was ditched for later Fables, and you can see why - the irritation of getting caught in a hit animation loop or caught by a cheap shot is compounded when it causes you to lose a multiplier. The later Fable games’ combat is simplified, but also more honest - frankly the original combat system was never quite good enough to pull off the complexity it was shooting for.There are fundamental things about the way that Fable was made that Anniversary can’t change. Albion is divided up into small corridor-like areas separated by loading screens - a technical necessity back in the day, but an anachronistic annoyance now. The loading times are quick, but they’re a constant interruption. The menu system, meanwhile, has been improved to give quick access to items and emotes, but it’s still a chore to dig through its many, many different sub-menus. Fable has an odd habit of mapping random things to the D-Pad, which once caused me to give a prized ruby to a barmaid rather than belch at her. She was impressed, but my husband was not.Some of these 9-year-old systems are showing their age, and the later Fables are more frictionless to play, but the things that really established Fable as one of the Xbox’s most recognisable series are totally intact. Just being in Albion is a pleasure - it really feels alive, with traders and villagers bustling about their business, applauding you when you step into the pub after a long day’s questing. The sense of humour, too, is no less charming than it was in 2004 - outside of combat, I was usually playing with a smile on my face.The strange thing about Fable is that for all the choice it offers, there’s very little consequence. You can get married, but after that you can run off for literally years and leave your wife or husband alone and they don’t seem to mind. You can murder shopkeepers, but everyone soon forgets about it. Its morality is very simplistic and unsubtle by modern standards. This makes it feel rather shallow, but it also enables you to be playful with its morality, if the mood takes you. You can muck about with flirting with admirers in front of your spouse or getting drunk and vomiting in public or attacking people for no reason, and none of it really matters.The best advice I can give when it comes to Fable Anniversary is to take your time, speak to people, pick up side quests and play around, otherwise you might suddenly find that it’s over. It can be completed in around 10 hours, but there’s nothing to be gained by rushing - and conversely, there’s a lot you won’t find out unless you take time to mess around and experiment.OVERALLFable Anniversary’s personality has proved truly ageless, even if some of its mechanics haven’t. Inevitably, its doesn’t feel as fresh today as they did in 2004, but the strange and beautiful world of Albion, with all its weird idiosyncrasies and wildly varied accents, is as absorbing and lovably, peculiarly British as it ever was."
,Recommended,288470,34657506,Posted: 1 September,all,cxza\\HM01urself,you can kick chickens in HD
,Recommended,288470,29889301,Posted: 12 February,all,Pxl_Pnk,"Fable was the game that got me into Xbox back in the day, I spent weeks in this game, It will always have a special place in my heart, along with TES:Oblivion these two are my favourite games of all time. Fable is a true monument to the history of UK games design."
,Recommended,288470,12083538,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,B1ll1amH,"It's been just under 24 hours since Fable Anniversary has come to PC. I'd been waiting for this edition since it had been announced, and now I have my hands on it (so to speak). However, looking at the review section on Steam shows no shortage of angry gamers complaining about what they see as a shoddy console port. Almost never do initial reactions approach level-headed, so I want to take a step back and try to tell potential players exactly what they're getting.Let me preface the rest of this review by saying that I don't strictly give this game a 'thumbs up' or 'thumbs down'. I'm not trying to be contrarian by labeling this review as positive, it's just what the system will let me do. We'll get back to this.So, 'Fable Anniversary' is a remake-remaster hybrid of 2004's 'Fable', and includes the content from its expanded edition 'The Lost Chapters'. It was a very good game, and is now widely regarded as the best entry in the franchise (especially with regards to TLC). Unfortunately, the game suffered the fate of being way overhyped, by both creator and games media, and upon its release, fans were disappointed that some things were notably absent. The very first achievement you earn, “From The Smallest Acorn”, is a reference to a statement made by creator Peter Molyneux about just how deep the game world was supposed to be. Players were supposed to be able to knock an acorn off a tree, and it would grow into an oak. [NOTE: Molyneux DID say this, having discussed it in many interviews since, but I can't find the actual direct quote. If someone could source this I'd be grateful.] This was very obviously unfeasible given the time and technology, but it became a symbol of broken promises for people who bought the game with high expectations, and finished it feeling like something was missing. Again the acorn rears its head (or cupule if you're into trees, I guess), falling from the tree of the Lost Chapters, and foreshadows what is to come.When I say this game “is a remake-remaster hybrid”, what I mean is that this is Fable 2014. This is Fable as you (probably) know it. Oakvale and the Guild and Bowerstone and all of those places are still here, and look mostly untouched, but more polished. If you played Fable back on the Xbox and remember being impressed by the graphics, this is probably how you remember it looking in your mind's eye. The boost in visuals comes from the game being rebuilt almost ground-up in Unreal Engine 3, which is what blurs the line between remake and remaster. Ten years of advancements in 3D technology will yield obvious results, but the game itself is mostly identical to the original Fable (more specifically the Lost Chapters, which was Fable but with a bunch of new quests and items). The acorn is planted.This purist approach is a double-edged sword, though. One one hand, it means that fans of the original can be assured that the team isn't fixing what isn't broken, and new players can experience the same game without being taken aback by blurred textures and models that speak only by moving their jaw. These two groups can discuss the game with no real barrier between them. On the other hand, there really are some things about the game that could have been done away with. As an example, the game world is divided up into little sections. The Greatwood Forest is not one big forest you can wander through, but 8 smaller maps separated by loading screens. This was a necessity at the time because the Xbox couldn't have handled such a map, but 10 years later we have machines powerful enough to handle Skyrim and Just Cause. Not every area has a cullis gate, and it becomes tedious to run through these small areas and hit a loading screen between them just to get to some quest or secret. Also, the FMV's (pre-rendered videos) haven't been changed. At all. The opening cutscene shows what your character can look like in the future, and it's footage from the original release. I don't mean just the cutscenes, either. I mean every instance. When you go to upgrade your skills, you'll see a video on the right side of the screen showing what a particular upgrade does. These videos are straight from the original, not redone, meaning that you'll go from looking at the remastered visuals of Anniversary to seeing low-quality video of the original models lifting rocks and casting spells, which is very jarring. No sign of any oak tree.Frustratingly, however, they didn't change these things while introducing new problems or altering things that shouldn't have been touched (or at least, should have been better thought-out). I'm not terribly near-sighted, but enough that I wear glasses for it. If someone wants to know what things look like to me without glasses, they just have to play this game. Distant trees and objects have this weird blur to them that can't be disabled in the game menu, instead relying on config file edits. The average user probably won't know how to do this, and the entirety of the video options menu really needs an overhaul. Speaking of which, the menus are horrendous, and they're what people have been pointing the finger at when they complain about Anniversary being a lazy port. These menus were very clearly designed with controllers in mind, and while I've been playing with one, I recognize that not everyone plays the same way. Rather than describing what's wrong with the keyboard and mouse controls, here's a video from TotalBiscuit going through the menu and showing how bad it is(youtu.be/3VP0aYKklsc). Maybe the acorn was a dud?“But this is a PC version,” I hear some say, “surely the modders will fix these! Maybe the acorn will grow better if other people help water it!” Well, no. There are modding tools for the game, but they're strictly cosmetic. Head to the 'Modding DLC' store page, and you'll see that the tools are described as “only able to modify art and animation assets”. More than the menus, this game is screaming for fan-made content. Mods for Fable existed, but were very few, and even less worth installing. But in a game where the protagonist never says anything, players should be able to go nuts. They should be able to make new maps and characters and quests and add so much to the game, but instead we got dress-up. At least we can retexture the acorn to be gold.I know I've spent most of this review criticizing the game, but that's because I was discussing the quality of the remaster and porting job rather than the game itself. The thing that made me choose to label this review positive over negative is this: Fable is a great game. It wasn't what everybody dreamed of, but I missed out on all the hype, and enjoyed the hell out of the final product. If you're the kind of person I'm trying to reach with this review, you want to know if this is worth buying. All I can say is that it depends. If you haven't played Fable before, or you have but just don't own it for PC, then I would recommend 'Anniversary', keeping in mind that the K/M interface is sub-par. If you already own the Lost Chapters, I can't justify recommending that you pay the current price for the same game, but with better graphics, controller support, a harder difficulty and achievements. But keep up with the news about this game. By the time this game is on sale, it will have been patched. Coupled with possible expansion of the modding tools, maybe this game will be what it should have been on release. Maybe, just maybe, if we wish for it with all our hearts, we'll see that oak grow."
76561198234069532,Recommended,288470,34404022,Posted: 21 August,all,PlatinumOcean,"Awesome game, the remastered version is really nice. I enjoy the story.I wish the fable 2 and 3 were on steam as well though."
,Recommended,288470,30304649,Posted: 3 March,all,LaterDaze898,RIP Lionhead Studios you will be greatly missed. My personal favorite game. #2 & #3 cant even hold a candle to this game and I only wish we could have gotten another but this will have to do.
,Recommended,288470,23410740,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Fry_rice123,"After finishing the game, I can safely say that this is one of the better rpg's out there. It does a lot of things very well, and lets the player explore on their own without forcefeeding. Gg."
76561198086090674,Not Recommended,288470,13491940,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lukien,"I do very few reviews-normally only on games that I feel strongly about. As far as Fable Anniversary goes, save your money. Especially if you already have the original version, if you don't just spend the 10 dollars and buy the original instead of throwing money away for this 'paint job' as most are calling it. The game runs smoothly with very few bugs that I've run across yet, got stuck in a wall once, rolled into a rock and got stuck, couple of game crashes- nothing major since the game auto-saves for you quite often. However, it is still the original game! Nothing has been added besides a few extra colors, sure it looks pretty that your shadow now follows the lighting properly but most of us don't really care about that beyond the first couple 'ooohs' and 'ahhhs'. The extra colors add a few more hues and textures but nothing mind blowing or game altering especially since most of the maps are darker toned anyway. All the in game movements of the characters, both your own and npc's, are blocky and out dated. The original game itself is still great and in all honesty with this play through I really haven't noticed anything that was worth the money I spent on the anniversary edition even at 50% off with the holiday sale. I have a feeling the developers were just looking for a way to make a quick buck with little work.Now that my ramble is done here's my point again: DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION OF THE GAME UNLESS IT DROPS BELOW  THE ORIGINALS PRICE!"
,Recommended,288470,30222857,Posted: 27 February,all,Young Flame,"Fable AnniversaryInitially, few words from Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorDevelopersBig Blue Box StudiosLionhead Studios (The Lost Chapters / Anniversary)Robosoft Technologies (Mac OS X)PublishersMicrosoft Game Studios (Xbox, Windows)Feral Interactive (Mac)DesignerPeter MolyneuxComposersDanny ElfmanRussell ShawRelease datesWindows:USA: 20 September 2005EUR: 23 September 2005POL: 17 March 2006Xbox:USA: 18 September 2004EUR: 21 September 2004GenreAction role-playingModeSingle playerPlatformsWindowsMac OS XXboxReading above-mentioned informations, we can conclude the game is really old. However, we can find everlasting games like Gothic or (in my opinion) exactly Fable. Group of fans of this game isn't large, but climate is epic. Even better than other old, classic games.The story is going around fantastic world named Albion. Textures are really imperfect, but what we can expect from so old game. This is forgivable, because the game has good graphics, audio, gameplay and story. Fable is straightforward although it has 'personal' charm.The main character is nameless - no, no Nameless from Gothic saga. Authors just from the beginning to the end don't reveal name of hero. Furthermore the hero doesn't speak anything. So we can boldly call him nameless, speechless orphan - yes, orphan, because in childhood he lost his father, which strangely enough has a name - Brom. Maybe this is diminutive from Bronislau (Bronisław)? Nevermind. Going further, our hero has lost his father, bandits have kidnapped his sister, his village has been burned - generally suck. Having no choice we are hired in Heroes' Guild, which will order quests for us. Sometimes funny, sometimes difficult, but for me all of that was really simple. But about difficulty I'll speak later. Quests are various and when we will choose some of that we can create horns or halo on head of our hero - literally. I don't want to reveal details, because it will destroy already short gameplay. At the end I would to mention about skills progress. In few words. It's really interesting. When we are killing monsters, we can collect green experience balls - however it sounds... we can collect green experience spheres, yeah it sounds better. Our nameless hero could be powerful warrior, annoying thief or omnipotent mage.Now few words about difficulty and two editions of game. The game was released at the end of 2005 and at the time it called ""Fable The Lost Chapters"". But about 8 years later, game developers was reminded they released really good game. Then they decided to remake 'Fable The Lost Chapters' and release new version which was named 'Fable Anniversary' with improved graphics. They added two difficulties of game - chicken and heroic. I do not have to say anything more.Summarizing:6.8 / 10.0 textures/graphics7.9 / 10.0 story8.3 / 10.0 gameplayArithmetic average: 7.7 / 10.0.Bonuses:+0.3 to general pool for remake and for add new mode+0.1 to general pool for many mystery secrets which game containingThe final evaluation: 8.1 / 10.0."
,Recommended,288470,27426774,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yogg-Pepe,Best fable game out of all fables out there :) thanks for the HD remaster and we hope we see the 2nd one for pc aswell :) awesome game id recommend to ANYONE
76561198073448732,Recommended,288470,26134581,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Harmsway,Miss lionHead Studios ....
,Recommended,288470,31311519,Posted: 22 April,all,AwesumSawz,This is a game that is meant to be fun. Not realistic. Not balanced. Not competative. Just sit back and have a good time playing. This game is my definitive RPG game. The first one I played as a kid and now it's come back to life on PC. Absolutely worth the money and the play time. Don't expect too much. Just have fun.
76561198023207362,Recommended,288470,24030402,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Donye,"I played the original Lost Chapters on the PC, saw this in the steam summer sale and thought I'd give it a go. TL;DR Can recommend! (Runs fine on Windows 10 btw)Pros:-Fantastic dialogue and humour, you will appreciate this even more if your British as a lot of regional accents and stereotypes are used.-Very well done linear RPG of old. It's easy to navigate around and you always know where to go. At the same time there are some nice touches on thi sides such as buying a house, getting married etc-Game looks beautiful. The unreal engine really brings this vibrant game to life, some of the old characters look a little weird at first but you'll get used to it.-Good/Evil decision making split. I played this game years ago and then transistioned into The Witcher Franchise.  Your choices have an impact and make the story consequences split, as well as how towns folk respond to you.-Combat is fast paced and satisfying. Hurling your sword around smacking foes feels great, at the same time there's a nice mixture of spells to choose from tooCons:-Little buggy here and there. Had 1 CTD throughout the whole thing which is fine. But sometimes, particularly at the start some NPCs bugged out and wouldn't attack me.-Shows its age. If you played Skyrim and Witcher 2 & 3 get ready for a step back. Game is still fantastic but respect the fact it came out 10 years ago.-Sometimes you accidentally attack friendly NPCs mid combat when using the lock on mode, NPCs are quite patient and forgiving but still kinda annoying.I heard some people moaning about keyboard controls, can't say myself, I used an Xbox controller throughout and the button set up ""Traditional"" was great for me.Overall smashing game worth a pick up!"
76561198006666171,Not Recommended,288470,12096047,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,The Snake,"Game is freezing randomly often. The way you navigate the menu just to equip an item or give a gift is the worst ive ever seen, no abillity to use the mouse . This is the most horrible port ive played seriously, even some alpha games are more enjoyable. the people who made the pc version should be ashamed of their bad work."
,Recommended,288470,28112502,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lord Sashev,Fable is a great RPG with lovable character and great story. The gameplay is simple and addictive. The world and graphics are pretty and gorgeous and you will be wanting to see what is the other area you will travel to. The music is amazing - i still remember from 2002 that great melody in Oakvale.Now we are back with this remaster in which the graphics are improved and most of the game is intact as every good remaster should do. The only problem some people may have - the game is not that mouse & keyboard friendly and it is recommend that you play with a pad.
,Recommended,288470,23331280,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,topekaguy1988,Murdering your own family for ancient weapons of mass destruction. #JustGamerThings
76561198027141250,Not Recommended,288470,22294301,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,gamer1000k,"This is essentially a graphics update for the original Fable PC release from 10 years ago. If you've never played it before, it's still a great game (despite its issues) and if you can get this version at 75% off, it's worth it.Otherwise, it's exactly the same game from 10 years ago if you've played it already, with all the same issues (and a few new bugs). Steam workshop support is worthless, the modding tools don't actually let you modify the game (only change textures and sounds) so don't expect to see any community expansion packs. At least cloud saves and trading cards are a nice addition.Now that Microsoft has shut down Lionhead I don't expect anything to improve regarding this title, and I can't recommend it at the asking price. Get it on sale, or go buy the original version of the game."
76561198139026406,Recommended,288470,33199511,Posted: 3 July,all,Bodacious,"Wish Fable 2 was on PC now, that game was fun.  But this game has the best magical abilities of the series.  Looks good and kept the beheading which was always fun to have randomly."
,Recommended,288470,25865271,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Honour3Glory,Love this game. Wish they had Fable 2 and 3 as well
,Recommended,288470,30814782,Posted: 29 March,all,Milan,"My childhood remastered , I love it !"
,Not Recommended,288470,12074437,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Ghosty the Ghost,"At this point in time there is no way I could recomend this game. Heavy blur that can't be disabled, only partial keybinding support, and NO mouse support in menus. Mouse support in menus being a ""feature"" that the devs decided to forgo in favor of mod support.On the upside they did implement a very nice new UI and nicely updated textures.If you were looking forward to a revamped Fable: TLC save your money until the game is fixed."
,Not Recommended,288470,18319515,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Knob,"Okay, this is a super sad review to write, because I was really enjoying this game.The graphics are great, especially for a remaster! The sound is decent as well, though the soundtrack is mixed incredibly and is all-around fantastic!Then why the negative review? Alright, well, it's because of the ending and the lackluster modding capabilities.Without spoiling anything, the story ending is by far the most disappointing and lackluster I've ever played.It seriously just drops everything, and there's nothing to do afterward. As someone who never played The Lost Chapters, this is heartbreaking. The journey up was pretty fun, but there was such a drop in content around the last quarter of the game. It became just story, with very few side quests. There aren't enough upgrades or unique loot drops to add any more replayability to the game.And the whole legacy of Whisper and Thunder just ends, regardless of the choices you make! What the hell, Lionhead?The DLC in this game is $25 for skins and a few new weapons. There's nothing else.The modding in this game is completely unpassable -- it requires 9 gigabytes of files just toruna mod! And there are only a small handful of them on the Workshop. Also, the way they made the modding tool only allows you to change very specific details, such as lighting in-game and skins. That's literally it -- and the tool is so user unfriendly that few people have even gotten around to making anything. This game has been out for a year, and there's only six or seven mods out for it. That's pathetic. And there's no one but the developers to blame on this.Overall, if you get this game on sale for 75% off or more, then I'd go ahead and pick it up. I spent $12 when it was on sale, however, and felt cheated. I did get some good hours out of it, but the ending blew so hard that it made me feel like I hadn't really accomplished anything.Not a bad game, but holy crap could they have done better!"
,Not Recommended,288470,12078995,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,twidget,"Until all the keyboard and mouse controls are rebindable and there is a more functional mouse,  it's a waste of money.Total Biscuit says it all.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VP0aYKklsc&list=UUy1Ms_5qBTawC-k7PVjHXKQUPDATE - 1st posted on 09/28/'14 on raptr. I forgot about the review here on Steam. GomenasaiAt launch Fable Anniversary had subpar graphics for a 2014 HD game and the genius who thought up the K&M controls should be fired.It’s been patched (more than once) and now the graphics are what they should have been at launch and only now is it a better looking game than Fable:TLC.When I tried, at launch, to remap Inventory to Tab and use the ‘E’ key for block, (a holdover from my TLC play throughs)  it wouldn’t allow remapping to the Tab key and all the remapped ‘E’ key did was sheath whatever weapon I had equipped.The patches have fixed those keyboard issues, added Enter and Backspace as alternatives to the A & B keys and you can remap all keys.Using the mouse in Inventory and Main Menu is still not possible.I don’t know if Lionhead is responsible for that stroke of genius or if some asshat bean counter at Microsoft thought it would be a good way to increase controller sales.From the size and positioning of the different HUD displays, it makes me think they were holdovers from a design for nearsighted console gamers.The size and positioning of TLC’s HUD is still much better.Overall it was a lazy, substandard port that still hasn’t been completely fixed.I just finished a couple of play throughs (Chicken Chaser & Heroic Mode) and you get used to not having the mouse where you would normally use it. Not even close to optimal but workable.Heroic Mode was a nice addition but once you have good weapons (Skorm’s Bow and Cutlass Bluetane can still be gotten early in the game) and can buy (trading was completely nerfed.) or steal good armor, it’s still harder but not that much harder.If you don’t own Fable Anniversary yet, play Fable:TLC and wait for a Steam sale to buy FA."
76561197985599207,Recommended,288470,31198320,Posted: 17 April,all,Canisgendered Translabradog,"This is the stuff memories are made of.For a long time, I decided against acquiring a remastered version of Fable. Having previously boughtFable: The Lost Chaptersa year after its' release, I saw no real advantage in buying what was essentially the same product a second time. But the call of nostalgia eventually got the better of me. That being said, objectivity obliges, I'll try not to drift too much down memory lane.Fable is the incarnation of Molyneux's vision in so many ways, it would be tedious to enumerate those aspects. It suffices to say that the game follows a pattern which was already present in Black & White: that of the choice between good and evil. But instead of playing as a god, you are a simple child who will grow to become a hero after a fateful, traumatising event. What kind of hero you will become - a good magician, sneaky fighter, etc.- is entirely of your choosing.Even down to its' very name, the world of Albion is a fantasy-folkloric rendition of medieval Britain. And it particularly excels in that area. The variety of English (mostly Northern and West Country) accents, Monty Pythonesquedialogue, landscapes, myths (e.g. Huw's longsword, King Arthur anyone?), creatures, map (which oddly ressembles Wales and the Irish Sea) are always there to remind you of the inherent Britishness of the game. From the bandit-ridden forestlands to the Ale-brewing taverns, it succeeds in creating an aesthetically pleasing rpg and is more-than-atmospheric-enough to bring about a credible world of its' own. To put it differently, Albion sure looks like a beautiful place to live in.Also worth noting is the musical score, the opening theme was composed by the ever so talented Danny Elfman (you might also remember him as the leading member of Oingo Boingo, the author of the Simpsons theme, Tim Burton movie soundtracks along with countless other film scores). Russell Shaw took great care of the rest, and much to his merit, one cannot understate the monumental influence of music in this game. It is literally the heart and soul of Fable.This game easily ranks up amongst the best titles to have graced the Xbox console. So what of this new version?Given that it is mainly a faithful reproduction of what was made a decade ago. There is very little in there to criticise.One of the main criticism I can bring up against Fable is that it is two-sided. Playing neutral won't really satisfy you. This game badly wants you to vouch for one side over the other. Either become a total♥♥♥♥♥♥or an angelic figure. On the other hand, playing evil is great fun (even hilarious at times). This system offers double-replayability down to the smallest side quest.What of the DLCs? Unless you seriously intend on looking like a total reincarnation of Jack of Blades at the end of the game, most of them aren't really worth buying. Of all the weapons featured in the game, only one will give you a true upper hand over your enemies (Solus Greatsword for the win), the DLC ones are no game-changers.As for the graphics, it's a bit of a mixed bag in my opinion. Sure, the landscape looks splendid. But the characters look too plastic, especially when it comes to their face, it's almost like something straight out ofSpitting Image. The original Xbox version had a charm of its own which this Anniversary edition can't surpass.All in all, these are minor flaws in contrast to the game as a whole. As someone who bears the unpopular opinion that Fable 2 was a downgrade and Fable 3 a slight improvement, I wish Lionhead studios had carried on the Fable franchise in the direction of the original game. Here's to hoping for a Fable IV reboot set in a prequel Old Kingdom world, much like I long for an Age of Empires IV (another franchise which Microsoft mindlessly destroyed).Highly recommended for first time players."
,Not Recommended,288470,12102087,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Currency,Terrible Port DO NOT BUY.
76561197997082894,Not Recommended,288470,12095433,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,SoLx2_tickleyourballs,"If you wanna experience the real game, go play the 10 year old Fable TLC.This is just a crappy console port and looks awful.Not worth your money.-99/10 Score"
,Not Recommended,288470,12091536,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,RUSSIAN RETARD,"'new' graphics made me cry, lack of new content made me sad and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ user interface made me ragequit. Remastered my♥♥♥♥♥u havent worked on a single issue from original game, made ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics and even managed to make some things worse (user interface is abysmal). I actually ♥♥♥♥ better games and i dont have to pay for playing with my ♥♥♥♥. Ahh yes♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on PC gamers. its just never ending from certain companies.Avoid this like the plague.It looks like crap, like the screen has been smudged in something. Its blurry, full of bloom. I felt like i was going blind. BTW The Hero looks like an asian when he is young. Jees, that is a good thing as i love asians.worst controls for a menu ive ever seen. Of all the ♥♥♥♥ing buttons on the keyboards. They choose A and B for confirm and back. They choose. Insert, delete, home and end, instead of i dont know, arrow keys or WASD., and lets DEFINITELY not use the mouse, who uses that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥for menus. Nobody owns a mouse. All pc gamers have controllers now.They did this on purpose, unless they are ♥♥♥♥ing MORONS. Oh buy a controller. yeah let me just buy your 35 dollar game and a controller. or how about just flushing 70 dollars down the drain, or giving it to some homeless guy, thats a way better entertainment.Was really looking forward to this port, and we get this, its like the♥♥♥♥♥♥all over you, make u eat♥♥♥♥♥♥as they set u on fire and then charge money for that.EDIT: i find the game has improved a lot. After recent patches it wont even launch on my pc, crashing on starting menu. I find this new feature really great as i dont have to suffer in hell trying to comprehend its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls system and my eyes feel way better now. I really feel like devs spend some time improving my game expirience."
,Not Recommended,288470,18038983,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,EQOAnostalgia,"Honestly there isn't much here if you already played Fable and the lost chapters. They improved the graphics... but somehow they just don't seem to look as nice as i remember with the original. I'm not sure why that is, perhaps it's nostalgia but the original just seemed more colorful and ""glowy"" this version is a bit more mundane looking.All in all, the price is just wrong here. I got it on sale for $11 but i'm pretty sure the initial price was $40 and regular is $30 which IS NOT worth it at all. $10-$15 fine. But this is nothing but a very lazy upgrade if you can even call it that really. If you haven't played the original and you catch this on sale... fine be my guest but i prefer the original, again, maybe that's just nostalgia goggles idk.In terms of gameplay, the game hasn't aged well and the camera is still very clunky, there are still bugs present like people freezing in time during a speech while training early on in the game. The combat is very basic, it always was but doesn't hold up well with current gen gaming.All in all i feel this is a missed opportunity here, they could have expanded the story and added in AT LEAST 2-3 more hours of content like what they did with TLC. But no... we get a lazy visual upgrade with optional microtransaction DLC because F-YOU GIVE ME MONEY... skip this, it's a turd."
,Recommended,288470,24506447,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,R4DFIELD,"I personally never had any issues like others in reviews, I did buy it almost 2 years after release, I finished the original Fable more than 10 years ago and was my first RPG, glad Lionhead ported Anniversary to PC before they closed their doors."
76561198132669137,Recommended,288470,28357279,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,kawaiifoxx,Downloaded the mod and turned the wasps into Shrek.
76561198178459985,Recommended,288470,32912476,Posted: 27 June,all,Devon.Will.Made.It,"GET THIS GAMEI love all the fable series including fable 3 which got me hooked on them. from all the good experience i got from fable 2 & 3, I decided to get this one as well from the summer sale. I never played Fable 1 till now since it was only on the Original xbox and i dont have one. They're also not making anymore fables and i just have to experience it one more time. so far its good and its nostalgic to play a fable game i never played before. I might beat this one 8 times like i did fable 3."
,Recommended,288470,12091869,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ToxicFox,10/10Game runs great on pc and look great in hd
,Not Recommended,288470,12078109,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Grooted®™,"get the orginal fable. ill be playing this game and sadly got sucked into getting the dlc, which doesnt give you ANY OF THE LISTED ITEMS. instead you have to buy said items form traders. i mean sure thats cool, but not when you spent real money (like i did like a true sucker) to get them.now for gameplay, i thought this was supposed to be an improved version of fable? frame rate drops (i can run metro LL on high- not redux), very little graphical settings (sure this game was console only first, but you would think they would add a few more options), inventory access is well... crap.get the game if you so happen to be a huge fan of the series, like me, but have your hopes way down for this. DONT GET THE DLC CONTENT.on a good note though; the same humor that ive loved is still evident in this remake, and with certain items having descriptions and ""challenges"" that reference a few notable things, it makes the game still rather fun."
,Recommended,288470,12124139,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Bobosmithy,"This is Fable. You need to know that at the outset. If you didn't like Fable, TLC, 2, or 3, you're not gonna like this. If you had complaints, the odds are, they're still there. The keyboard/mouse control scheme isn't as good as it should be. DLC is a little wonky. You'll have to play around with your video settings to find what works for you.But you know what? Every piece of that is worth it.This is Fable. It was an incredible game ten years ago, and it's an incredible game now. Don't buy this because it's a brand-new AAA title that all your friends will be hardcore with, because that isn't Fable. Fable is funny. Fable is immersive. Fable is reminders about potions, food, and combat multipliers. Fable is mixing and matching pieces of armor to make your Hero look like you want them to. Fable is about single-player fun.And this game delivers on that. If you liked Fable before, you'll like it now. And if you didn't? Then you probably won't enjoy this one. I love it. I think you could, too."
76561198018322973,Recommended,288470,28629077,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Praetorian,"I have always loved the Fable games, black and white; and most things from the developers etc. So It comes as no surprise i enjoy this Anniversary edition too.I will comment, I have yet to understand how it was possible that the developers actually made the child version of your character uglier than it was in the original game.... that is no mere feat... that should be a bloody medal worthy award given to them for that alone.The game is very much like the original, obviously graphics upscaled, runs significantly better, more reliable. Still possible to make your character look like a Fat Troll with a battleaxe; so definately like the original."
,Recommended,288470,34245126,Posted: 14 August,all,Ezekiel,"Back in my Childhood, approximately 12 years ago - I got this Game as a Birthdaypresent for my Xbox.I was happy about every new Game - about every new World I was able to create and to sink into.So I started the Game immideately and I was completely fascinated.The beautiful Landscapes combined with that calming masterpieces of background music.Oakvale, that name is burned into my memory since then, always was a special place for me, not only because of the Story behind that Town, or the old fashioned style of the buildings. The beach and it´s breathtaking view over the wather always had a special place in my heart. When I feeled terrible, I was just standing there, crossing my arms behind my head and closing my eyes. Maybe it sounds weird, but exactly that was what I did many, many times. And it was also nice for doing homework.It´s kinda ridiculous how much Time I spend with standing around and doing nothing, instead of questing or following the main plot. I just have to say, it was totally worth it.I bought Fable Anniversary - just for the good old times, and it´s awesome. I love it to see how much lifeblood was spend for the remake and I salute these joint efforts.Kicking Chickens is awesome thoe.For everyone who´s reading this melancholic, hardcore♥♥♥♥♥ comment - buy this Game, you won´t regret it."
76561198064168240,Recommended,288470,21186522,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Greensheep \ Vivien D.,"Please Lionhead, make Fable 2 Anniversary :("
,Not Recommended,288470,14274512,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,godmachine,"Do you like games where the UI is coded to disappear after a few seconds for no conceivable reason, and with no option to stop that from happening?Do you like games that have a hotkey bar for quick item use but won't show it on the screen?Do you like games that let you change your keybindings except for the ones displayed with a lock next to them because you aren't allowed to change them for some reason? Or how some keys can be assigned to multiple actions and others cannot for some reason?Do you like games that give you the option to invert your look settings but don't give you look sensitivity options?Do you like games that randomly decide to change what type of input controls you're using so suddenly your keyboard is useless?Do you like games that are console ports of remakes of console ports of remakes that try to sell you on updated graphics?Then you'll LOVE Fable Anniversary!* * * June 14, 2015 Update * * *It is stated that perhaps some or all of the issues laid out above may have been fixed in patches that were applied well after I posted this, so keep looking through the reviews as you may find more current information. Here's a picture of a sharkhorsehttp://i.picpar.com/Nyyb.jpg"
,Not Recommended,288470,12079132,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Lanceon,"This 'remake' is not worth $35. Compared to the orginal Fable:The Lost Chapters the visual and audio is, objectively, slightly better. But there are various issues with the game, poor menu design for a PC, audio cutting in cutscenes, and vital keys to the game which softlock it, making it unplayable. I recommend you pick up The original for $10 as it is far superior as a PC port and 3 times cheaper"
76561198058815406,Not Recommended,288470,16878405,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Valyrian,"I bought this game attempted to play it, even through several crashes, crashes so hard mind you that it froze my computer. I looked up different solution online and nothing worked. It would let me play for maybe 30 mins at a time before it decided to shut me down by crashing and freezing everything."
,Recommended,288470,23773338,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,libbyidk,"Just how I remember the fable games! I played all of them on console, fable 2 and 3 being my favourites. I pretty much forgot about this game after playing those, but it's all coming back to me and it is DEFINITELY worth playing if you're into genres such as this, or if you've played any other fable games. Even if you've already played this through on console, play it again! I love that it's been remastered, just like all fable games, the story is a bit repetitive but it's real easy to get in to, just don't skip the cut scenes or you won't know what the hell has happened. Also, there is a bit of an annoying 'issue' in the cut scenes, 2 black lines appear sort of like making the screen a cinematic view however it just looks dodgy, like some sort of glitch, but that's only during the cut scenes so it's not a big issue.Either way, I definitely recommend this game whether you've played it or not. The combat is pretty easy but super fun! The quests are sometimes story rich, and sometimes they're just comical (like searching for a man who's cheating on his wife, then snitching on him and watching her rip his head off.. not literally). You can get haircuts, get married, get tattoos, there's loads to do!The greatest thing about the fable games is the good deeds or bad deeds. You change the way people view you, they could be scared of you or dislike you because you chose to follow an evil path and perform bad deeds, or they could root for you and clap every time they see you because you're known as a hero and perform good deeds!So yeah, I recommend it, it's old, but it's gold! (I got it for £4.00 in the sale, bonus!!!)"
,Not Recommended,288470,12107333,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,.terra.,"Just awful. What a lazy, disappointing port.No mouse support in menus so you're forced to use A & B and arrow keys to navigate.New menu system is also terrible, again no mouse support forcing you to use keys like 'Insert' and 'Home'.The graphical changes are mixed. On one hand, some of the textures do genuinely look better, however others have been left as is and the contrast between old and new textures leaves a lot to be desired.Finally the stability of the game is also a problem. In the short time that I spent trying to play this game, it crashed 5 times."
,Recommended,288470,23258086,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,katiepole,"Absolutely adore this game, I wasn't lucky enough to play it when it first came out but I'm glad to have the opportunity to do it now! My only niggle is the dodgy camera angles but it's so fun and vibrant with a great story and interesting characters :)"
76561198067863394,Not Recommended,288470,20614831,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Kev1n #2,"The game used to work, but now it needs an update. I recently bought this game and I found it to be laggy and the game itself needs some tweeking. I even checked if my computer was at fault, but I looked online and other people also found the game to be laggy."
,Recommended,288470,29927978,Posted: 14 February,all,k1llerapples,"Loving this, reliving my childhood on the OG Xbox"
76561198077986765,Recommended,288470,12089601,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Green7Wolf,I really don't see what all the fuss is about it all feels like the same fable to me which i love! 10/10 I use my XBONE controller to play and it works like a dream. I don't have any motion blur or lag or screen tearing like every other review has said although your experience may vary!
,Not Recommended,288470,12074465,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,shiftweave,"Fable Anniversary still has control issues, though the patches have improved the game.The menus are probably the worst.  The old menus, though unresponsive in their own right, are gone and replaced with something worse.  The mouse control functions like a d-pad, moving only one option at a time and requiring multiple clicks to change to a certain tab.  The menu keybinds (F4-F11) present in TLC are missing from Anniversary.  The hotbar keybinds are gone also.The game is probably fine for casual play, but it's far too expensive to make up for this.  Fable: TLC will have much better menus, and look better to boot."
76561198004034976,Not Recommended,288470,12076542,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,TheOneToast,"This is quite possibly the worst port I have ever experienced. Most of my time has been spent figuring out how to use the inventory menu (mostly because I kept trying different things to use the mouse cursor, but it was all in vain). This port is so lazy they translated A and B from the controller to the keyboard for accept and back. All clicking seems to be disabled, for a game that has had multiple ports I expected them to at least copy paste the pc controls from the last ones but they couldnt be bothered to even do that.Final score: 0/10 - same as the effort they put into the pc version.Edit: eventually the mouse thing was fixed. kind of. This tricked me into giving it another chance which was fun until the side quest ""bandit spy extraction"" the quest bugged, its impossible to progress and there is no abandon quest feature in this game, i have to either finish the quest (impossible) or reload to before it happened, but because the game already resaved both the auto save and checkpoint save slots my closest save is now 3 hours before i took the quest. effectivly ending my entire 9 hour game playthough.Final Final score: -5/10 - worse than having done nothing with my time."
,Recommended,288470,24055696,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Nexiu,Fable Anniversary - Sentiment and memories in HD.
,Recommended,288470,33975406,Posted: 2 August,all,Master Blaster,Grew up playing Fabel on the original Xbox and I put so much time into the game.When they announced the remaster I was so excited and was not disapointed upon playing.Definitley best in the series in my opinion and a good buy
,Not Recommended,288470,16475021,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Assono,This is pretty much Fable the lost chapters with better graphic and much worse UIAlso more expensive
,Not Recommended,288470,24256565,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,GladiOol,"5/10Fable Anniversary is a fully remastered version of Fable: The Lost Chapters. It features a graphic overhaul, new save system and incorporates achievements.And well, that's it. And that right there is the problem.The reason everybody loved the first Fable was for it's slapstick humor and eccentric characters. But the game aged pretty badly. Sloppy animations, simplistic combat, stiff and eerie looking characters, finiky movement, oh and don't forget all the bugs..... So when Lionhead announced Fable Anniversary I was pretty stoked and could not wait to play a remastered and polished version of Fable.However, even though the visuals got an upgrade, characters, animations, movement, interaction, combat, etc. all remained the same. I've played through the entire game and nearly 100% completed it, because I do love the world of Albion, but in the end there's more to a game than nostalgic value. And this game delivers no more than that. I would only recommend getting the game if you are a fan of the original Fable: TLC."
,Recommended,288470,12384849,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Snow Coffee,i got to relive the rage once more of dealing with Whisper in the Arena. Watching her walk into the razor traps while i get pummeled by 2 trolls was an experience I'd nearly forgotten.10/10
,Recommended,288470,29399398,Posted: 21 January,all,FrostyFire,"I've been a Fable fan since I used to be a plebby console player. But the moment I saw this game on for sale in my  recommended list, I instantly bought it... I usually do some research before buying a game, but you can never go wrong with Fable...I don't want to spoil much, but what I love about this game is that your actions change everything. If you're an ♥♥♥♥♥who rujns around killing people and stuff, people start to fear you and give you discounts at stores out of fear... But if you're extremely nice, they give you discounts out of respect. If you're neutural then no one cares about you.You hear people constantly talking about you in the background, you go to bars and hear bards sing of your heroic or cruel actions...etc.It's very interactive"
76561198049503751,Recommended,288470,12087278,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Furber,This game is amaising everything is perfect exept for the controll port. I suggest using an Xbox controller if you are to play it will make you life alot easier
76561198038289532,Recommended,288470,12083173,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Archmage_Bael,"The menu is super clunky. Many people say the old menu was bad (I didn't find a big problem with it though, it was straight forward.) I actually had problems locating where things are. There's large tabs and several submenues. That being said, its still organized, its just ironically counter intuitive. So is the way you navigate.I mean, who uses pg up, down, home, end, delete, to navigate a menu? where's the mouse? It says ""KEYBOARD AND MOUSE"" and...IM NOT ALLOWED TO USE THE MOUSE to navigate the menu. Excuse me? Who managed the design overhaul for this game?Keep in mind, I own every fable game, and still replay fable: the lost chapters on PC to this day. since it came out. I love that game with all my heart, but the hero's face is disgusting. There's a few faces that look decent, like the guildmaster, and I like whisper's, but the hero's is awful. that and the mouse is overly senstive and I cant change that. It makes camera controls a bit awkward, but still manageable.Also, does anybody know how to change the hotkeys on the numpad? I had a very specific layout for them in the original, and I cant find a way to edit.Aside from all that, I find it interesting to see what's changed, and will continue playing. If you're new to Fable, I wouldn't recommend at all, but I would if you're a vet. I still want to support Peter Molyneux for his faithful devotion to the series, I just wish they'd try to mix innovation with practicality, as I think sometimes, they leave that later part out."
,Not Recommended,288470,24041160,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TooMuchBeaver,"Stick to ""The Lost Chapters"". There's nothing new to the HD update other than crappier and slower menues, a loss of the games' original charm, and it is also unoptimized as ♥♥♥♥. Witcher 3 on high settings flow much better than this game on normal settings, for some reason."
,Recommended,288470,21154284,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,HeskaPavonen,"I don't understand it when people say that this game is full of bugs and glitches. It works perfectly fine on my computer, and my PC isn't even very powerful. I strongly recommend this game to everyone that loves a great action adventure RPG.Chicken chaser is back!"
76561198313451696,Recommended,288470,33432041,Posted: 10 July,all,JHawkkk,"Bought it for the nostalgic feel. I finished the game somewhere around 4-5 times and maxed my character when I was a kid. Feels good to feel the same hype and enjoyment today. Pretty sad that there is no Fable 2 & 3 on steam, hopefully they will add remastered versions as I will surely be getting those if there will be in the future! GET THE GAME!"
76561198080425827,Recommended,288470,31397041,Posted: 27 April,all,WeeFilly,"Very good remaster of an amazing game.If you played the original Fable: The Lost Chapters, you're gonna love it. If not, play this.Graphics are neat, controller support, runs smoothly on Win 10 with full HD... Plus it feels exactly as the original game. Only much more beautiful.The menues are somewhat better than in the original one; only sad thing is they didn't enhance the little videos that illustrate the abilities. They look a bit odd in this context.Another minor thing is the overall colour / tone, it's a little blue-ish, which doesn't really fit in my opinion. However, you can easily tweak that with SweetFX.Otherwise, great!"
,Recommended,288470,33422717,Posted: 9 July,all,jake2156,Fable is great as always. Makes me sad that Fable is no more. The reason I bought an Xbox One instead of a PS4 is because the new Fable was still on track to release. Definetly recommend this game!
,Recommended,288470,34516123,Posted: 26 August,all,EggoWaflele,Good game. Worth playing in general but if you dont need the controller support then I would seriously consider buying the original instead
76561198400907853,Recommended,288470,34947243,Posted: 14 September,all,FleshOfTheEarth,"Probably one of my all time favourite games. Still plays like the original, just looks a whole lot cleaner."
,Recommended,288470,12114445,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,SaintBalor,"Even though I'm used to the Keyboard and Mouse from playing Fable: The Lost Chapters a hundred times over, I went straight to the controller because I wanted to see how that felt and I was plesantly surprised. I haven't tried Key+Mouse, and looking at the reviews here, I don't think I will, but if you're willing to play with a controller, you shouldn't have any problems.As for the game itself, I could tell you to save yourself some money and buy the original TLC, because it's the same game exactly, minus the graphic update which is nice, but not at all necessary to enjoy the awesome game it already was.I'm still gonna recommend it for one little detail, and that's the Heroic Mode. Shops will have a limited supply of Health and Mana Potions, although you can still find both as loot for defeating enemies or from Traveling Merchants at a slightly marked up price. Vendors will now purchase whatever you sell at 50% of what it costs, which means no more making a fortune by Buying/Reselling Emeralds in Oakvale, no more Resurrection Phials, more expensive and less effective Physical Shield and Enflame and all enemies will be buffed and give you 40% less experience.Heroic Mode feels a bit more like what the game should have been initially. Now, at the same time if you're like me, and you like to powergame, it'll just make it a bit grindier  but overall more challenging, which is nice."
76561198052371996,Recommended,288470,26510604,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,BlackRay,"With enhanced graphics Fable is still a charming and entertaining game. I've enjoyed it in 2002, and i've enjoyed it in 2016."
,Recommended,288470,23159602,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,CrabShell,This game is a good remake of the original. I reccomend it!
76561198029573759,Recommended,288470,24596912,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SSGSS ClassyCrawdad,You've received a new quest card!
76561198109068092,Not Recommended,288470,17111979,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Oregon Lee,"Fable is a great game, one of my favorites!... but get the original, not this 35 dollar rip off. It causes much more lag and stutter, along with an obvious luminance glitch that you have to download a mod to fix! I'd much rather play the original 10 dollar version on 1920 resolution than a stuttery piece of crap poorly executed texture pack."
,Recommended,288470,25952677,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Two_Paper_Dollz,"Fable is one of the greatest RPGs ever made. This game is a true classic, and the fact that this version has controller support makes it all that much better. This was one of the first games that allowed you to choose a good or evil path for your toon. The only bad part about this game is that none of its sequels measure up to the quality of this one. It leaves you wanting more and has one of the highest replay values of any game. I would say that the controls and combat system was a big inspiration for the Souls games."
,Not Recommended,288470,19376784,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ban,"Do not buy the game. Just don't. Not for yourself, not for others.After much time and effort, I've only managed to be able to play this game for about 3 sessions so far. Every other time I try to launch or load the game I'll get hit with an infinite load screen, a freeze glitch, or there will be no sound and I'll have to close and restart it all from the beginning.. Obviously this isn't happening to everyone but it is to me, and probably to a few others too. Personally I just can't stand to deal with it anymore.I was really excited to finally get this game after finding it on steam and on sale for so cheap. I'd been wanting to replay Fable lately too, so I thought this was a golden opportunity to replay a great game with a few new things included. Even as cheap as it was though, it really wasn't worth it, and this is coming from a Fable fanboy. And though I call myself a fanboy I don't think I'm biased or unfair in my gripes with this ""updated"" version, it really does just feel like the changes made to this version are just worse than the way things were in the original. The unintuitive menu system that makes makes you constantly switch between WASD and arrow keys for no reason, the new opening menu which lags and doesn't load the proper save that you're trying to load (no matter which save I selected to try and load it always tries to load the same one). Also, am I the only one who thinks the characters were made so incredibly ugly in the visual updates? I mean really, they're  hideous. How is that an upgrade?...And then therey's the skippy framerate, even though I have over the recommended specs on all accounts and I've turned all of the settings to the lowest possible configuration. I don't know if my pc is to blame or if the game is, but something is just clearly messed up in this whole situation. The one good thing I have to say is that for the keyboard and mouse route, combat still holds up, but between the menus being abysmally annoying to go through, the game just isn't worth it. Even when it's on sale for super cheap.For the sake of being fair, I'll also mention the good things. The visuals were really nice. Character design aside, the environments and buildings were pretty sweet to look at, even with the messed up framerate. The DLC was really cool too. I'd always felt the game lacked a wider variety of armor and weapons. A lot of the dlc stuff feels fillerish and pointless, but quite a bit of it is cool too. If your game works properly then it's worth having. The most exciting thing to me though was the new difficulty level. It added a new level of excitement to the game that's been lacking for me after so many playthroughs. I died 3 times on my way to Oakvale! I would never come close to dying in the original mode. So yeah, it's neat to be kept on my toes again. Shame the game turned out to be a bust.With all of that stated for the record, Based on my experience, I can't recommend this game to anyone. Not even mega-level Fable fanboys and not even if the game is ever on sale for $2. If you do DL the game, I hope you have better luck than I did.UPDATE: After building a new, and much more powerful computer, the game is running fine for me. All the framerate and sound issues I mentioned above aren't happening anymore. I still choose not to recommend the game though because even my last pc was above the recommended specs and well above the minimum recommended specs. And I still stand behind the character design issues and the menus. Maybe the menus work better with a controller but for keyboard and mouse it's pretty lame. I guess if it's on sale for under $10, maybe you can take the risk and buy it though."
,Recommended,288470,33904689,Posted: 30 July,all,puggyhunter23,SO NOSTALGIC.
,Recommended,288470,25985878,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,sscheerer39,Jam PACKED full of notstalgia with a prettier skin! 10/10 WILL PLAY AGAIN!
76561198055993507,Recommended,288470,34027563,Posted: 4 August,all,Minion Cone,Brings back memories
76561198067059618,Recommended,288470,30111702,Posted: 22 February,all,νιββερ,"If you enjoy golden age games, this is a go to. This game has soaked up so many hours of my life it feels almost surreal playing it again, to the point i actually remember waking up one morning and trying my damn hardest to get ahead of my brother, to beat him to the end of the campaigne to avenge your father's death and eventually find a few odd's and ends along the way... Enjoy sadistic habits, sneaky ones, or.. Masochistic habits? Take on challenges to old quests. Fight everything naked, or try doing it without taking a hit. Good luck."
,Recommended,288470,21735998,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Elkethus,Fable is 1 of the best franchise because of this game. I really loved this version because the game has better visual and you have all the dlc included of the original version. i also like that you have an heroic difficulty for more challenge on pc. Fable is a great rpg  very funny element and unic art the story of fable 1 is totally a master piece with excellent music of choice. The only cons i would give isthey could have make more boss fight and harder boss fight it was a bit to easy the game have plenty of content to keep you busy for many hour i would rate it 8/10 excellent game you wont regret to picked up
,Not Recommended,288470,12125768,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Lord of Madness,"Sadly I hate to say I would not suggest buying this for PC gaming lovers, the PC port is horrible with functions that force you to use the Insert/Home keys and Delete/End keys for scrolling through the menu options, the ""HD"" is not good enough to pass for this generation graphics, so that is not a reason to buy over the crappy PC port. All and all it was a huge bummer for me as I am a huge Fable 1 fan (Not the ""1"") and I was looking forward to some good comeing from that♥♥♥♥♥♥company. Why can't couldnt a company who did everything right the first time replicate it in 2 or 3? I have no idea. But failing at making a already good pc port version into an HD remake kind of gave me the answer to that. They are just simply a really really bad company. So this is a huge DO NOT BUY from me."
,Recommended,288470,28395689,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,baconnipple,"Now now, let's get this straight. I've played Fable since it originally came out in 2004. (My first genuine game, ever, aside from black guy stealing bicycle in that one first mission.) The original Fable was fantastic, beautiful, full of dank memes of the early 2000's like farts and bullying children. The story is twisted, engulfing, and lit af fam. The Anniversary edition includes some really great texture updates but makes your face look like you're carrying a bow, a sword, and an extra chromosome. It sadly also includes a brand new Menu that is clunky and absolutely f**king ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. If they hadn't changed the Menus and also made you look like Rosie O'donald this game would be a solid 11/10, but it's easy to deal with so Fable Anniversary still holds strong with a 9/10. I play through the story at least once a year to get my Fable FIXXX. Fable 2 and 3 should've never been made.11/11 Jack of Blades best antagonist"
76561198112618705,Not Recommended,288470,30400536,Posted: 8 March,all,King Badabing,"tl;dr More bugs, less charming, too expensive.I spent the last few days playing Fable Anniversary, and I've come to my conclusion.It's not worth the full price whatsoever, I'm glad I got it while it was on sale for 5 dollars. Under no circumstance would I have paid more for it.Fable is cool on the unreal engine initially, but after my first hour I realized how much I missed the old, charming style of the original game.Not to mention the bugs, Fable Anniversary makes completing the Fist Fighters final challenge way more irritating, amongst some other things exclusive to the anniversary addition.So to reiterate, do yourself a favor and do not buy this game at full price. Wait for a massive sale if you're that curious, but even then be prepared for the good times to die off quickly."
76561197996481059,Recommended,288470,22805519,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,RiceSaki,I miss Fable and Albion.
76561198032403624,Not Recommended,288470,12076789,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,tututututut,"The mouse and keyboard controlls are just not playable. If you don't want to use a gamepad, don't buy this version. Also I got some motion sickness while playing. Seriously... Did not happen since Doom 2."
76561198042759154,Not Recommended,288470,12074213,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,LUCKYman,very poor control ... console control...
,Recommended,288470,12084238,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,pubg is the superior esport,"Dont listen to all the bad reviews, if you use a controller the game is 100% fine, i have had no errors, fps drops or anything to ruin my experience while playing, definately worth the buy."
,Recommended,288470,12090821,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,The Great Schism,"I'm having fun with it and that's all that matters to me. in the beggining it was a little blurry but once i got through the childhood stage i've been having good fun. although the graphics aren't necessarily better then the original (more clay like) the surrounding map areas definitely are. the combat is smooth and a little more challenging compared to the original when the block button was never utilized. also a new difficulty makes it so you cannot use resurrection phails upon death. don't be fooled you will have trouble playing this without a corded 360 controller, but the good news is it has the exact same controls as the origianal xbox version when you do use the controller. i was hoping for steam workshop or a co-op pack but we can't have it all, I guess.If you love the classic original Fable more than any other Fable in the franchise (like me) then pick this up when it's on sale. Ignore the DLC's they're just stupid outfits that are made to waste time anf money."
,Recommended,288470,24302270,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SadBoys,"I really wished there was a mixed option for this game because it is good but it has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of flaws so I'am going to talk about the bad and the good please keep in mind that I'am not english and at the time of writing this review I have not finished the game but I have finished the original one years agoso let's start with the good-The game stays true to the original the gameplay feels the same-The graphics are decent I think that it could've have been much much better-There is a lot of thing to do (Marriage,house,explore)-lots of fun minigame like fishing and digging stuff up-Good story-decent voice acting-new inventory menu (best part LOL)-you can kick chickensNow the bad things-The game is full of bugs like audio not working in major cutscene-glitchy camera-bad optimisation-repetitive quest-not enough area to explore-short game-small community-stuttering-STUPID AITo finish up this review I would recommend only buying this game when it's on sale or if you are feeling nostalgic(go buy the witcher instead if you want a good RPG experience)"
,Recommended,288470,29754856,Posted: 6 February,all,Bæstɪən,"Fable has been an all time favorite of mine since my first experience with it back in 2010. I was inexperienced with video games back then, and I loved fable because it was challenging and had a very user friendly interface. Everything from the story, to the combat has made me love this game. I would recommend it to anyone. I'm reviewing the ANNIVERSARY version, however the origional is just as amazing! (this version just has a few tweeks)Not gonna lie, it can take a little bit of time to learn all of the best ways to get the best powers, armor, and weapons, esspetially if you're new to the game. Fortuanetly the internet is full of great ways to find the best things if you're having a hard time.Something that I don't like about the game:The game doesn't feel very open, in stead of great fields to run through, it's more like corridors and pathways through forests. (not as bad as it sounds) I've played this game several times before, and that's perhaps the only thing that bothers me about the game to this day, however it's important to remember that this game was created in 2004, so there's room for leniency.All in all, I'd say give it a shot. :D"
,Recommended,288470,24027622,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Nadodan,"I usually won't write a review for a game but for this one, I thought it was nesccary.Fable has always been a game that I've liked, It's a good series of a games, even if they're not the sprawling epics usually promised there usually always solid games.Fable Anniversary is no exception.First, Every action having consequences is a bit of an oversell. Every choice has immediete consequences, but  that doesn't mean every choice changes the world. in fact very few choices actually change the world around you. You'll get bounties for committing a crime, and people may react to your characters differently, but your actions don't change much how the story goes.An example of this is, in one quest you're given the choice of killing or sparing someone. If you kill them they're dead you never see them again in the game. If you let them live, you get a few moments of dialouge with them, than they leave Albion forever so you never see them again. The choice's don't have any real weight, except affecting your players look and how npcs react to you.The Combat is solid enough, although it kind of punishes you for not being a Jack of all trades. I would never suggest only doing Will or only doing Skill or only doing Power, All 3 are needed for combat (Although skill less so) You will likely be fighting with a mix of Power and Will. Skill is alright for bosses but the time you'll need to charge a bow makes it almost usesless against the regular mobs of enemies you'll face.The Social and Property side, If you're coming from Fable 2 or 3 you know how much the Social skills and Property are important. In this game not so much. You have about 1 house per town you can buy without killing the owners and the Social actions are not nesccary at all if you can get a certain level of atractiveness, Seriously I don't think I used a Social action once in the game but I had a full level of affinity with every elegible bachelor and bachelorrette.Game time, I currently have 14 hours, that's what it took to beat this game (Both Main game and Lost Chapters) while also doing Bronze quests and most of the silver quests except 3, The last 3 were basically quests I couldn't see a Good way of doing so I skipped them. It's short for an rpg but it's fun enough to make up for it.What does Anniversary add? Now I haven't bought any of the anniversary DLC so I don't know how good the weapons are it adds, but what I do know about are it's Steamworks compatibility and Graphic/Audio remaster.Steamworks: Definately in it's infancy, there are not a lot of mods and a lot of them are Heavy Weapons guy at the momement. If playing as heavy weapons guy with a Heavy Weapons hammer and Shrek wasps sounds good than this is the game for you.Graphic/Audio remaster: It's amazing, the whole thing looks like a brand new game, on my machine enemies with a bit more detail like the White Balverine or Twinblades, too a little longer to render but for the most part it was seamless.What would I suggest you pay for this game? 15-20 dollars. While the Remaster looks like a brand new game it's really the same Fable The Lost Chapters you can pick up for 10 here on steam. However I definately think it's worth an extra 5 or 10 dollars, but don't buy it for the full 35. However if it's on sale I'd say pick it up in a second. If you're a Veteran of the Series or a new player Fable Anniversary is a solid game that will give you at least 28 hours of enjoyment (14 for Good, 14 for Bad Charachter)"
76561197970595714,Recommended,288470,24721560,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Creedofmark,"Before starting this review, let's all bow our heads in mourning for Lionhead: they may not have been the perfect studio, but they had a lot of good ideas, and the next Fable game is going to be a fantasy based card game, because clearly we didn't have enough of those!  I played through all of the Fable games in their original incarnations (Yes, even the Kinect one, never have I waved my hands in such fury!), and I had heard that the 360 version of Anniversary was saddled with performance problems.  Fortunately the PC version seems to have resolved this and the gameplay has dated really well.  Obviously the combat doesn't really stack up to something like Witcher 3, but that isn't really the point, this is a quirky, quintessentially British fantasy game with a lot of heart, and many years after it's over the top prerelease promises its possible to see it as exactly that.  If you played it before then its a lovely trip down memory lane, and I you have only played the later installments then it's essential."
,Recommended,288470,27163643,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SilliS,"The 1st game of the Series and the best for me ( I didn't play the 2 game that was on xbox, but friends say that I didn't miss a lot) The suite the world and the choises make this game what it is - a great adventure."
,Recommended,288470,12116340,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,[AFF] Eliytres,"It's a port of an old game and pretty much better than the original in every way, unless you liked the loading times, extremely low FPS and low resolution on the XBox. I would not recommend this to someone without a controller however.It does have some issues, it's crashed a couple of times and the menu system could be smoother. Overall a good experience."
,Recommended,288470,22682573,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,darqroze85,Good game. Just like the original game. The environment is beautiful. The character design is ugly! the skills look awesome.
,Recommended,288470,25538375,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,DarkMagician393,"fable made me into the rpg player today very nostalgic revisting this game with the upgraded graphics worth a buy whether you're a vivid, new rpg player or a gamer thats looking fo a change of pace"
76561198026572987,Not Recommended,288470,12074483,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Bonbons,"Fable was great back in the day.  This not so much.  The remake has glaring sound issues, the cutscenes are low res, and the menus are not mouse driven.  I don't mind the textures so much but they are inconsistent. Some look decent, others terrible.  This is all within the first 10 minutes of the game.  I'm shelving it until they fix the sound issues.  They are frequent (every minute or so) and annoying.It is immediately apparent this is a pretty crap effort.  It's one of the laziest PC ports I've seen in a few years.  Until they patch and fix it forget it."
76561198042618190,Recommended,288470,28086077,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Christian Rose,"Timeless classic.. It's such a good game.. you can never really get tired of it just because of the sheer design (+music), gameplay & the story is decent, not really elaborate but it's immersive enough to keep you wondering and to keep you going through. A MUST for those who haven't tried it and enjoy RPG's. you are guaranteed to have fun. Still love this masterpiece of game.ENJOY"
76561198035549246,Recommended,288470,30692118,Posted: 23 March,all,Humperdoo,"Piece of my childhood in better graphic havoc. I seriously liked Fable: Lost Chapters, game mechanics were good and what i love the most was music.This game is relaxing and it have been great experience to enjoy this fairytail again."
,Recommended,288470,22657884,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Harkness,"Still the best fable game. Great combat, good variety of spells, good number of side quests, well written and paced main quest and lots of moral choices. Only thing I may not like is the (new?) camera lock on system seems a bit clunky at times and can result in awkward fights. 9/10. Just don't buy the DLCs. Trust me guys, they aren't worth it."
,Recommended,288470,25201718,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ShadowLogic,"Fable to me, was a game that got me into role playing games, reliving it in high def.. just broght me back to when things were simpler, on-rails games that were seemingly ""free roam"" allowed developers to focus more on story, this games story was simply one of the best in my opinion, you could be who you wanted your hero to be. and enjoy the great things you have done, or bask in the blood of those in your way."
,Not Recommended,288470,12105964,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,illage2,"After several updates I am happy to say the game has been made a lot better.  Mouse support has been added to the menus and the game has become a lot more polished.  So now I'll break it down into the pros and cons like I should have done in my original revirew.Pros+ Runs fairly well which is great considering this is an Xbox to PC port.+ Graphical Fidelity is actually not that bad and looks a hell of a lot better than the original did+ Most keys can be rebound if you so desire+ Full 1080p SupportCons+ Lack of mods in the workshop+ Weapon balncing is a bit off.  You get really strong weapons early game but later near the end game the weapons you find seem a bit weak.+ Menu navigation is still a bit tedious.Can I recommend this over the original Lost Chapters? No if you've already got it, yes if you haven't played TLC before.Since the updates the game has become a lot more PC friendly which is a good, and isn't actually a bad game in its own right."
,Recommended,288470,12084991,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Simbiat,"When I played it back in the day it seemed and felt amazing. Now... Not like it turned bad or something, but... I guess I started noticing more flaws in games recently. Minor things, mainly, but still it makes the game feel old to me. Old and imperfect. Like I know that some things could (or even should) have been done a bit different.But despite that, Fable is a good, solid RPG game. If I'm not mistaken, it even affected GTA: SA with its ability to change your looks. At least approach is very similar. So, if you had not played original - try this one. It does look better and Fable 2\3 controller scheme does feel more convinient, as well."
,Not Recommended,288470,14240346,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Deadpool,"""We would have loved to add mouse support to the menu but we reached a point in the project where it was either going to be modding support or adding features such as mouse support in the menus. We chose modding."" - Omar. Fable Anniversary Producer.They willingly omitted something from the original game in favour of ""modding."" Mouse support is not optional in any PC game ever.Couple that with DLC skins two thirds of the price of the game and you're better off just buying the original Fable: The Lost Chapters.Fable is a fantastic game. The anniversary edition has actually taken 10 steps back and is incredibly sloppy. They have overpriced and underproduced this game and I would steer clear of it until they (or their fanbase once again) fix their problems."
76561198000463143,Not Recommended,288470,13637884,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,foxfirerage,"Let me start by saing I love this game : 3 It is an amazing game.However, this edition on steam is a real pain to play.Most of the menu buttons do not line up right or do not do what they say.To even start the game I had to find an invisable button and click an empty space between the two buttons to launch my new character...100% unacceptable for a game that has been out forever to be released again with so many bugs in the menus...Update: the Issue with the buttons not lining up is dependent on the Resolution you are using if you have issues you can try another resolution. Still 100% bs that its jacked up."
76561198014629389,Recommended,288470,12085980,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Slaughterama,"There are some pretty obvious issues, but its actually not bad, I am using custom settings on my gtx770 though, so im not sure how it normally looks."
,Recommended,288470,12088736,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,BitGlitch,"Alright, so let me say I may be a little biased, because Lionhead has bribed me with all the sun shaft effects.Ok, so basically, this game is a graphical enhancement to Fable: The Lost Chapters. And for all these other people reviewing, they are downvoting because they expected even more stuff to be in the game, which I find quite stupid because the whole point of re-making games like this is so that people who haven't played it yet can experiance it where it looks even better, or for nastolgia's sake.Alright, so here is the basic run down of good and bad:GOOD:- All the models, animations (Some of these are still the origional), textures, and light FX have been redone- The game looks really pretty on the max settings, and some of the movement is even smoother than before- Combat is still massively fun- Stays true to the origional's everything, but they did add some outfits though- The game supports modding, and even gives a free DLC to get the SDK- They are releasing some new content packs to add more to the gameBAD:- When you save, it only saves from your last checkpoint, sometimes you have to redo a thing or two (not very game breaking though)- The eye's pupils are too big on some characters, making the game look a little awkward- Textures can sometimes be a little lower resolution than would be expected- Texture poping sometimes happens (Unreal Engine's fault, not the devs)Overall, I would have to recommend this game. All the people asking for this need to stop complaining about the little things, all of them will either be fixed by lionhead or by modders. I don't know about you guys, but I am having a great time.So overall, about an 8.7/10EDIT; They added keyboard and mouse support in menus. It could have been better, but its on par so I dont really view it as a bad thing"
,Recommended,288470,12088826,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Heiki,"First, let me say that I have never played the original Fable, so I can't say how this compares to it. I'm just glad that I pre-ordered this game and didn't mind bad reviews.Sure, it's a console port, but not a bad one at that. Trust me, I have seen far worse ports. Mouse and keyboard controls are fine and you can customize key assignment if you want. Graphics look nice and gameplay seems fluid so far.I can't say much about the game itself yet, but It's been amazing so far, and I'm quite enjoying it."
76561198035580869,Recommended,288470,28193158,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The Simon,"Most people I know got their introduction to the series with 2008's Fable II on the Xbox Tree-Sickidy. From what I remember, it's not a bad game, but it was a bit of a step down from the original. And the third and final entry was even worse. I believe Fable / Anniversary is the only truly great game in the series. Truly a one-hit wonder.Why? I guess it just has a charm that it's sequels did not possess (as much), from the characters to the world to the soundtrack. And the sequels were also too simplified, especially the last one, from the breadcrumb trails to the combat. Still, it's a shame Lionhead shut down recently, so there doesn't look to be a chance of a redemption for the series. Even the cancelled Fable Legends didn't look all that promising in my opinion.At least before Lionhead went out with a whimper, Anniversary was released, a remastered version of the original game. Being an Xbox hipster when all the other kids had PS2s, I played it back in 2005, not long after it's release. I remember actually not being too keen when I first started, what with starting as a kid and having to earn money to buy your sister a present. I thought, wow, how lacklustre is this... And the world and goofy-looking characters with thick-accents I found somewhat freaky.I didn't play it for long, and lent it to my brother to play at the hospital where he was staying with hella-bad tonsilitis. He played a ton of it and convinced me it was a great game, so I tried it again, and got very much into it, eventually falling in love with it. And I fell in love with it all over again with Anniversary.The world is a medieval interpretation of Britain, of course with the addition of magic and the threat of dark forces and whatnot. So yeah, sounds pretty darn familiar. But this exceeds with the way all that is portrayed. With colourful charm and humour, the choice between a good and bad alignment, either which alters you physically and changes the perception of those around you, and easy accessibility (but not too simple as it's sequels, as I said).You start as a little boy, scatting about your nice little town trying to get money to buy your sister a birthday present. And the choices start here. Do you earn that money with good deeds (i.e watch a bloke's barrels for him while goes off for a♥♥♥♥♥♥ or earn it with bad deeds? (agree to watch those barrels but then smash them and earn the approval of a little shitbag trying to peer pressure you). You get many of those choices throughout, some harder to make than others.Bandits attack your village, and♥♥♥♥♥♥goes sideways. You are rescued by a member of the Heroes Guild, where you begin training as said Hero, and grow up there, eventually leaving as an adult. As it goes in video games, whatever alignment you choose, you still end up saving the world from the big bad guy.In games with moral alignments, I tend to stay on the good side, because that's just me. And I did when I played the original. But this time round I became as evil as possible, doing bad deeds, assisting bandits, betraying my family and murdering innocents. Either side of the moral spectrum grants you exclusive items and weapons. I was so evil I grew horns, had red eyes and skin like a zombie. I looked awesome.On the higher end of the light side you have nice skin, a halo above your head, and all the people love you. And if someone loves you that much (you can further earn their affections with gifts and flirtatious gestures), you can ask them to marry you; man or woman. Pretty impossible to earn trust and affection if you're evil though. Everyone just screams and runs away. Just like me in real life ohhhhhh!All in all do I recommend this? You bet your big♥♥♥♥♥I do. The thing to take into consideration though, is that while this is an RPG, it's not entirely open-world. It consists of many individual chunks of areas, many with very narrow paths. And there isn't a colossal amount of things to do, once you've unlocked and collected everything. So those who are more used to the gargantuan games of today (i.e Skyrim, The Witcher 3) with literally hundreds of hours of content, stunning graphics and modern mechanics, might not be so impressed.But there is certainly enough to keep you going for a good 25+ hours or so. Especially now as it has achievements, and some rather amusing ones at that, like getting a headshot with a crossbow while dressed as a woman, farting while dressed as an assassin, and choosing whether to explore every single region or just get fat (they unlock the same achievement).A personal niggle from me? It's possible to miss one of the silver keys out of the thirty you can collect. If you leave it too long before starting the fishing competition, the NPC you talk to can disappear forever. As an achievement geek this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. You have to get all thirty keys in one playthrough for an achievement, and I have twenty-nine... So to get it again I'll have to start again and get the thirty all over again...Still, I gotta give it full marks for everything else.10/10"
,Not Recommended,288470,12077221,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Artemisinin,"EDIT: It's worth noting that Lionhead have been good enough to update the game and have fixed many of the common gripes. This is good as it indicates that Lionhead are putting their money where their mouth is.However I still, honestly, believe that the incredible cost of this - around 3.5x more than the Fable: the Lost Chapters - makes this not worth it. At the end of the day it is, by and large, a ""HD"" redux of the original that doesn't look ""HD"" - Fable 3 looks notably better in everyway except the faces (which are done very well). With the mod support it has, maybe in time this will become a game that is worth the money it's asking for, however at the moment it is staggeringly overpriced.If you don't have the game, the cost of the other one is better.If you do have the game, the graphics are not actually that much better (or, really, that good to begin with - they use a DirectX package from 2010, and honestly, it looks like the game would fit that age quite well).[note: I use a 360 controller for many games anyway (the Fable series, in particular, does not need a mouse+key), so the pretty bad port mechanics aren't all that for me.]The big selling point of this game is the graphics and, based on the iffy model and texture quality, I highly doubt they're going to get noticeably better. In Oakvale there are areas that, graphically, look lifted from the base game.It looks like there will be mods (and if there can be mods there will be mods), but it also looks like there's some D1DLC.This is not worth $USD35; skip it and be happy."
76561197999336697,Not Recommended,288470,12074897,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,carnivaldiablo,"I had fond memories of this game and was very much looking forward to its PC release. The graphics are improved, and the game itself seems well preserved but.... yet another console port where keyboard and mouse support is terrible. Unlike its much older non-anniversary sibling, the menu is navigated by the insert, delete, home, end, ""A"" and ""B"" keys. Your mouse does nothing in the menu.The controller issues coming out from these console ports (looking at you Dark Souls 2), that are never likely to be fixed or optimized are very disappointing- especially in this case- a re-release with worse controls than a decade old predecessor.If keyboard controls are what you prefer and their poor implementation is a pet peeve for you, I would advise against this purchase- stick to the older version (still available on Steam)- and yes you will want frequent access to the menu so it is a bit of a game breaker (when i scroll through armor it all gets unequiupped).Edit: (22/8/2014) Since I wrote this review the game has been patched twice with small but significant improvements. If the developers continue to patch and update the game it will likely become the gem we were all hoping for. Might be a good X-mas purchase."
,Recommended,288470,23475113,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,m3rto,Played and finished the game in one go on one day; totally worth it!! 10/10
,Recommended,288470,28965281,Posted: 2 January,all,Cameron W. Bush,"Don't listen to the people complaining about controls. The graphics are done well, it still looks like Fable, just better. The controls are odd but not unplayable, and it's only laggy/choppy if you're running a potato. I have an i3 and a 2gb 950x with 8gb of ram and i run it full without any problems.P.S: if you're buying it for the mods, there's only 15~ on the workshop."
76561197970916475,Recommended,288470,33357488,Posted: 7 July,all,(N☆G) Jackal ★JJ★,An amazing remaster to an amazing game. Highly recommend it considering Fable 1 was most likely everyones favorite in the series.
76561198126424141,Recommended,288470,29010729,Posted: 4 January,all,Preotic,As a child - you have the face of a guy at the age of 40As an apprentice/teenager - You look like you're in your 30'sAs a grown man (18) - You look like a guy in his 20's should look40 years and above - you look like a ruin10/10 Would be at my 20's again
,Recommended,288470,26073349,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,hmpf,most epic singleplayer roleplay game ive ever played!
,Recommended,288470,30099643,Posted: 22 February,all,CleverKitty,This game kept me going for a long time! I still haven't completed every aspect of the game but I found the story as well as the satisfaction of getting stronger so very enjoyable! I got emotionally invested and I love that about the game!Its a classic in my book and a great game to come back to!
,Not Recommended,288470,17339228,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,last,"Still fun to play through again, though the updated graphics look like they've smeared dog poo over everything.Oh, and did I forget to mention that this one has new bugs?Another disapointing game from Lionhead Studios."
76561198174104543,Recommended,288470,30691919,Posted: 23 March,all,Rabbi,"Good, unique RPG"
,Recommended,288470,32971128,Posted: 28 June,all,Tête cul,"Just like old fable, except better graphics. Same game but better, would pay $10~ for this, if you like games that have replay value you'll like this game."
76561198066761991,Not Recommended,288470,14954882,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Demon King lamb,A lot has been changed in this game. The trolls have auto targeting lock on heat signature rocks of ♥♥♥♥ you. Enemies block like no ones bussiness. Dodging is incredibly broken. The updated textures are terrible. For a 7GB download one would expect a lot better textures.The old un updated Fable I knew and loved is still better. Back then I can dodge the trolls rocks. Enemies aren't a pain to kill.But it's still worth a buy. If the modding tools are good enough. I know someone out there will make great things for this game.Do I recomend this game. If you want the original Gameplay. No don't get it. If you want it cause it's on PC and it's on sale. Sure go for it.
,Not Recommended,288470,12156640,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,theironpaw,This game is incredibly bad PC port.- No mouse control when fable lost chapters did in Menu- inventory is garbage and built for a Xbox.- a werid blur over the textures making the game seem blury all the time.buy the original 'Fable: The Lost chapters' than this. this is a cash grab. for how much it costs.Controls and glitchyness happen all the time that where not present in the original.
76561198054752984,Not Recommended,288470,15013611,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Goldenrod,"I enjoyed Fable: Lost Chapters when it was first released years ago; and it did not age well.This update to the aging game was a welcome sight, so I purchased the game when it was on a flash sale, for a third of its normal price.The graphical update is fairly well done, and keeps to the cartoonish look of the original, it looks like they tried to fix some of the issues with the original game as well.That's where the good parts of the game come to an end though.It's a good thing that you can now save anywhere, as you'll see your desktop more often than you'd like. The game crashes during entirely mundane activities (walking, etc.) for no apparent reason.The controller support was a nice touch, and they tried to make it more user friendly (failing mind you, as it feels as though the 'improved' controls are somehow worse than the original). However the game is sluggish and unresponsive. I find myself being struck where I wouldn't be, had I been playing the original.Taking everything in consideration, I can't recommend this game at it's normal price. Pick it up on the cheap, during a flash sale, or holiday sale; otherwise, look for something more worthwhile."
,Recommended,288470,32873990,Posted: 27 June,all,Creatz,"This game is a classic and got it on summer sale for 6 pounds, worth every penny."
76561198142662717,Not Recommended,288470,13616046,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Arcanua,"It was fixed some but no enough. Too many people still have problems, the mod creator can't really mod anything either. If you want mods you're better off not even buying the anniversary edition but the normal one from 2005 and then get mods off websites, or if you wanted you can just use Photoshop and ushc programs to do it without the modding client at all in the case of reclours and retextures. The animations are still choppy, and the game can lag on itself even afetr you turn off the blurring effects. The old modding community thought slow now has some amazing mods which sadly don't seem to work with the anniversary edition which makes sense but is sad because there were really great mods. (Fable The New World, being a personal fav) but this version yes has prettied some graphics the trees look no better then they used to, argueably they in particular look worse. Microsoft promised a lot with this version and failed to deliver...not worth the money. (Was false advertised)"
,Not Recommended,288470,24039418,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sanic,Poorly remastered. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ contol.
76561198079782212,Recommended,288470,21099978,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Final Boss,"I have no idea why people are slating this, yes its clunky but thats what the original fable was like and what made it a cult classic. I personally have had no issues with performance at all with settings at max in 1920x1080. This is such a brilliant game and brings back so many memories from when i was a kid! The Good and Evil choices are represented very well here and your apperance and reputation changes depending on what you do. Good customization with armour, weapons, beards, hair, tattoos etc. Loads of hours of content with DLC and its all in full HD which has made a 10 year old game look great.P.S please get Fable 2/3 on Steam!!Set-up: i5-4460 3.2ghz, GTX 960, 8GB RAM and Win10."
76561198119604180,Recommended,288470,12115295,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Bruh,I think this is a good purchase for someone who has wanted to play the first fable but never did. It really isn't all that ugly as people are claiming.
,Not Recommended,288470,12396049,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,firehawk2324,Don't buy this game until Lionshead fixes the problems. This game constantly crashes my system. Will change my review if this gets fixed.
,Not Recommended,288470,14268291,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Руслан,"Ожидал лучшего, получил худшее, мрачная игра стала, даже пропал тот дух геройства :(Expected better, got worse, the game has become a grim, even lost the spirit of heroism :("
,Recommended,288470,12084174,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,lolschrauber,"From what I played so far, this game seems okay.It's pretty much the same as the original though:Same dialogue, same music, same quests..I don't know if they added anything new to the game, but other than better graphics and an improved UI, this is pretty much like the original.Controller support works quite well using a 360 controller.I heard keyboard and mouse controls are awful, I did not test that, though.If you already own the original and aren't a big fan, you might wanna think twice about buying it."
,Recommended,288470,12089521,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,stretchfox,"Quick fixes in this review so read carefully if you want a great play experience.Alright, so I've read all the other reviews and I agree with most of them; however, there are some easy fixes to most of the problems.  Yes, there is a stuttering issue that is incredibly annoying.  It is rough being able to run Crysis 3 on ultra and not being able to run Fable on anything.  To fix this - cntrl alt delete and set fable's affinity to cpu 0 only.  The game was originally designed during a time when almost everything only ever used 1 core.  This does fix the issue and it runs perfect after.  I have a gtx 780...it is not nvidia that is the issue.  Nvidia runs fine with this program.  The FPS problem people are complaining about are because they have both integrated and dedicated graphics.  If you have an AMD APU or 4th gen intel the integrated graphics should be fine and you won't even notice (I have a 4th gen intel and just leave it running off that).  If you are still having issues though,  ""just go to Nvidia control panel and select the Manage 3D Settings tab. After that “select Program Settings” and find Fable Anniversary and switch the game to your Nvidia graphics card"". quoted fromsegmentnext.combecause I'm lazy.The game is best ran with a controller.  I have a cheap logitech i use for my emulated stuff and it works fine.  If you are going to use the keyboard, it isn't too bad but it isn't anything like the original.  I think people don't like change and just love complaining.  It is what it is.  Another complaint I heard plenty of was the lack of ""video"" options.  There are some assumtions made by the developers, if you have a computer today it will be able to play everything from 2009 on max.  They have some distance and shadow options for slower computers.  Fine assumption for a port, I'm not complaining - graphics are amazing compared to the original.Overall - great port/remake.  Lots of new stuff to play with, higher difficulty option, amazing graphics that will stun you.  If you have the original, do a comparison just for the wow factor.  I'll give it a solid 8/10.  I'd give it a 9/10 to have my mouse back and a 10/10 if you didn't release it before fixing the bugs.  Although I'm sure they'll get fixed in the near future, I hate paying to beta test.  Recommended to all fans regardlless.  Enjoy the nolstagia.Update - Through the nvidia control panel I increased all the settings to max (had to add the program because it wasn't there originally), enable the option to allow/optimize multiple CPUs and this helped a lot.  I'm now running perfectly with all 8 cores firing.  There is no delay when skipping dialog now and everything is much smoother."
,Not Recommended,288470,12074916,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Vauxell,"after all the time I waited for this game, I expected it to run without trouble. well, no. it freezes sometimes, or get stuck in the combat mode. I played like 5 minutes before i decided that, no. it's not worth it. I will wait till they fix those issues. so if you havn't bought it yet, there's no reason to hurry. I trust it will be fixed soon and I look forward to it. I'm a bit naive."
,Recommended,288470,29418258,Posted: 22 January,all,CorruptTempest,"I grew up playing the Fable games. It was a great treat after a long day of school. There is a noticable change in quality unlike some 'remasters'. When it's on sale it is a game worth adding to your collection.Also, the workshop it total f***ing s***. Just putting it out there. A total of like 9 mods and 5 are Shrek reskins...So if you are buying this for workshop alone, just don't. Don't.Also, an Xbox controller is recommended to play more comfortably."
76561198001941957,Recommended,288470,33160228,Posted: 2 July,all,Twitch~HeyDonGaming,"This game is a must have in Anyone's Collection.Looks real good on my pc. way better than it did back in the daythe anniversary comes with lost chaptersmy 360 controller has full support.Takes me back, Very Enjoyable"
,Recommended,288470,33073989,Posted: 1 July,all,Grifdog96,"Dont let the lower reviews scare you away, This game is a A+ Classic.Its original and definitley overlooked in some casesThe graphics port makes it look nicer (unfortunatley the characters faces look wierd as ♥♥♥♥) but eventually u forget what the old faces looked like and dont care enough.The Gameplay is so solid it almost feels like a skyrim, So much replay through aswell and decisions on which path to take.Your good and bad decisions eventually make u start looking the part (horns for evil) (halo for good) ETC.I played this on OG xbox a while back and its by far on my list of top favorite games Story line is amazing. JUST GET IT! you wont regret it, especially while its on sale :D"
,Recommended,288470,33446956,Posted: 10 July,all,Rajhfunshine,"Childhood game I would 100% on, added a few new things like armors and other dlc got it on a Sale and was worth it"
,Recommended,288470,29411017,Posted: 21 January,all,Monopoly4u,"I played the original Fable on Xbox as a kid, and I wanted to relive some of my memories through this game, so I bought it during the Winter Sale.  I was pleasantly surprised when I found out that this game includes the DLC for the original game, and the game had a minor graphics overhaul.  The game runs very smoothly, looks better than the original, and I didn't encounter any bugs/glitches during my playthrough.  It's a great PC port, and I would highly recommend this game whether you enjoyed playing Fable on Xbox or if you're just looking for a good RPG to get lost in for a while."
,Recommended,288470,29080277,Posted: 6 January,all,Internalized Oppression,If you can handle some of the new faces looking pretty half♥♥♥♥♥♥and you liked Fable than yeah I don't know why you wouldn't like this. And from what I understand it DOES have Lost Chapters.
,Recommended,288470,35126275,Posted: 22 September,all,Slickinberryfinn,This is an amazing game that I played on the original Xbox as a little kid and it makes me so happy to see the game flawlessly reimagined with some okay DLC. I hadn't had any problems with this game what so ever and it ran absolutly perfectly.I can't think of anything bad to say about the game apart from the fact the DLC is needlessly overpriced yet adds some cool weapons and armour.I managed to complete this game in a little over 17 hours. If you buy it on sale for about £7.99 I think that's a great deal for the amount of content and gameplay you get.I would by this version over the original as some people have complained of freezing. Unless of course you want true nostalgia in which case buy a 360 controller.
76561198258698124,Recommended,288470,35351671,Posted: 30 September,all,I8TunKop,"""Hero, your health is low. Watch that."""
76561197965046644,Recommended,288470,35108479,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,A lot sharper and better looking Fable. I still remembering playing the hell out of this as a kid and so happy to see this classic get a new look. Worth for those wanting a RPG with a bit a humor on the side.
76561198030434328,Recommended,288470,24185780,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,I Jeimuzu x,"This game is really fun, so glad I got this during the summer sale. Brings back memories of playing the other fable games. graphics are good and the gameplay is solid. However I do reccomend that users are to use a controller to play rather than a mouse and keyboard as it made the game easier and less complicated."
76561198020433098,Not Recommended,288470,16728914,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Paragon468,"Fable Anniversary is a prime example of how NOT to handle a re-mastered game.I love the Fable series to death. TLC remains my favorite RPG to date. Some compatibility issues prevent me from playing the original Fable TLC on my PC, so I purchased FA in order to still play it. While the general gameplay is exactly the same, they destroyed everything else.First of all, this was supposed to IMPROVE the graphics: not just add more polygons and change the lighting. The textures are horrible, the models are even worse, and the lighting makes me want to carve out my own eyes. Everything is incredibly dull and grey - the opposite of the original, bright and colorful Fable.What's worse than the graphics is the menu system. At first there was no mouse support for any of the menus. NO MOUSE SUPPORT ON A PC GAME. Okay, it's not THAT big of a deal, right? We can still use the arrow keys and ""enter"", right? Nope. You use Insert and Delete to navigate. Explain this sh*t to me.They have since updated the game, and we can now use a mouse in the menus. However, they are still the clunkiest, unnecessarily difficult menus I have ever used. This is the worst part of the game being ported from Xbox.All in all, this game is the worst console port I have ever played. It's literally a port of a port, and it shows. I'll still play it because it's Fable, but as usual I'm quite irritated with Micro$oft and Lionhead Studios. If you're going to continue milking this franchise, how about you give us something we want: like FABLE F*CKING 2 FOR PC."
,Recommended,288470,26007151,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,NightDweller,"I absolutely loved this game. I found playing the PC version better than the console version; it was easier to be more engaged in game play. it has one of the longer tutorials of games I've played, but it fits in with the rest of game play and I found it beneficial. It has good story line but the player is not overburdened with it. Most of the side quests fit into the main quest, or at least entertaining (Brothel, anyone?). I just finished the game and am left with that 'What do I do now' feeling."
,Recommended,288470,29454312,Posted: 23 January,all,HuntGrizz,"This game lives up to the original and is so nostalgic for me, its a bonus I only played the core game and not the lost chapters edition so the added/new quests are a treat.Runs great, however on its highest settings it even has my gtx 980 at 100% usage at 120 fps, but the visuals are very impressive for a remaster.The game itself can seem short lived even though its probably 30+ hours of grinding to get through the story, but that time goes quickly due to it being so fun. I have yet to try heroic difficulty but a higher setting is something the game has always needed.Compared to other RPG's this game seems alot more present than say Oblivion or Skyrim, which in their case give you TOO much to do, so it feels overwhelming.But this seems to be a game that is timeless for me, I always have to make myself quit to save some for later, where most other games eventually you get bored and need a break.My only issue is playing with a controller it sometimes randomly vibrates. I can ignore it and you have the option to turn it off but I see how it could annoy some people, and to me this is on of those games best enjoyed with a controller."
76561198140172120,Recommended,288470,29695002,Posted: 4 February,all,hendrickchaz,I dont agree with everyone saying its the best of the series but it is def worth a play the graphics are amazing compared to the original i am so happy this is for pc and i hope they put 2 and 3 on steam as well.
,Recommended,288470,23809263,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SudookieDeath,This game was really special to me when i was a kid and now the hd version is just icing on the cake. My nostalgia goggles are most definitely on but this game is absolutely amazing and a steal on sale.
,Recommended,288470,29078225,Posted: 6 January,all,Smiley,"Grew up playing the Fable games. Love them to death, especially this one. The upgraded graphics give me warm feelings of happiness inside. If you've never played Fable, play it."
76561197993081995,Recommended,288470,31396367,Posted: 27 April,all,!n0c3nt,nice game.. played it with xbox360 controller..
,Not Recommended,288470,12111993,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Syif,Get Fable: the Lost Chapters. Cheaper. Better Looking. Better PC Port than whatever this is. Incredibly Disappointed in this one.
76561198015099224,Not Recommended,288470,12121593,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Piro,"Controls, especially for the menu's are freaking groundbreakingly terrible!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,288470,12200085,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Neo NiGHTS ®,"Sadly I can't recommend this Anniversary version.TL;DR - Get the original Fable: The Lost Chapters for 1/4th of the price of this Anniversary version.---------Fable still a very good game, specially considering when it was made (10 years ago, already?). However:1 - While it was great for its time, the game didn't age so well. Mostly because other games took this formula and improved it (which was a natural thing to happen);2 - This remake still has A LOT of bugs, glitches and things like that. While the textures are good, the models still the same as 10 years ago, with lots of clipping and ugly things;3 - And not ALL the game has been remade for nicer looking graphics. There's still some Low-Rez bits, like the cut-scenes. Shame, really;4 - You simply can't pay 4x the price of the current Fable: The Lost Chapters for having some new HD textures.Fable Anniversary has been a MAJOR disappointment to me. For the price I was expecting a hell lot more than just new HD textures."
76561198390228711,Not Recommended,288470,33527522,Posted: 13 July,all,Igneel,"I loved Fable 1 and 2 (not so much 3), but do not get this on Steam because there are frequent issues with no solutions/updates to help the numerous problems.  Google ""Steam Fable Anniversary Graphic Issues"" and you will find many forums/comments about the game not starting, the game crashing, the black bars, and other problems.  (Fables Anniversary is very fun, but not on Steam because of the issues and no updates/solutions to the issues)."
,Not Recommended,288470,12206965,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,dshorey,"I really wanted to like this game, but playing it is just making me wish I was playing TLC instead. The scenery feels a little darker than it's TLC counterpart, not to my taste, but the character faces are hideous by today's standards, especially the hero and maze."
,Not Recommended,288470,12187417,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,OBookman,"I dont know why we loved this game when we played it in the past, today I finished it again and I can easily say compared to most RPG's it's on the weak side, I dont advice you to pay this much money for it, wait for the sales or something."
76561198072559414,Recommended,288470,28896539,Posted: 1 January,all,Herobrine,"The game is amazing and is worth the money IMO if you don't like a good looking hack and slash game with a good storyline then don't buy it, no need to hate on the game and to those people who think the old one is better don't get the new one then omg some people are just so negative."
76561197970483988,Not Recommended,288470,12079783,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,The Dude,"Update 9-29-2014: One of the updates fixed the stuttering, so that's good. The morality logic is still messed up in the intro, I got positive karma(and a thank you from the barrel guy) for breaking the barrels. In fact, nothing horrible I did would lower my karma points, my points only went up. The guards keeps harressing me though for my bad behaivor though. My biggest pet peeve is the rigid keyboard controls, it feel like they didn't put much time into mapping these controls for a PC enviroment. The controls aren't going to annoy everyone, and the game seems playable. If you get this game, hope your experience is better than mine.--Stuttering graphics every few seconds, buggy morality logic(got a good point for breaking all the barrels), audio skipping, the control implementation is just flat out stupid; I feel like I bought $100 ""foakleys"" from the Oakley store. For comparison, the in-development alpha games(ie kenshi) I bought in steam are more complete than this, and some are new developers. The launch day of watchdogs ran flawlessly compared to this remake, and it's graphics are leaps and bounds more complicated. I've been a PC gamer since the 90s, I understand launch day is going to have bugs. But this is the worse I've seen, maybe ever. If you want to play this game, save some money and get the lost chapters."
,Not Recommended,288470,12101111,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Ginger Nins,"Very disappointing.  After only playing for about an hour, here are a few things that really made the game unplayable for me.~ Can't change keyboard controls (except for a few things here and there) unlike Fable:TLC.~ No ability to save when you want (nor any hints as to when the next checkpoint is either).~ Can't use the mouse in menus at allFeels like they took the original game's console version and ported it rather than enhancing the PC version of the game.  I'm incredibly disappointed since I really enjoyed Fable:TLC a lot.   Do not buy it unless they fix the crappy console port problems."
76561198272060137,Recommended,288470,24544028,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Nerdman,"Ah the memories! Love this game, love the series, looks like they added some cool shtuff i havent got that far yet though."
76561198038475939,Recommended,288470,25633774,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,The Cunt Destroyer!,"Edit: a few butthurt sissies have downvoted this review because they bought the game upon first release and encountered a few bugs. Even though these bugs are gone, they are still mad and downvote any reviews that speak about the bugs having been fixed. Just shows how stupid a lot of people really can be.Some negative reviews bang on about bugs. I have encountered none so they have been fixed. Some of the more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews are moaning that there is no extra content added to the game other than the greatly improved visuals, controller support and new difficulty option - well erm yeah? its a HD remaster which means improved visuals. It does not mean extra content - that is purely at the discretion of the devs if they want to but is by no means a contributing factor to what a HD remaster should incorporate to be worthy of the name.Anyway, the game is exactly what it says on the tin. It looks ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. The nostalgia value is absolutely present. I could not recommend it enough to both old skool fans of TLC and newcomers to the series. In my personal opinion this is the strongest game in the series. well worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,288470,12124469,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Architekt,"Uninstalled after the horrible menu controls and then being unable to modify the camera rotation rate. The latter was way too jarring to be able to ignore, whereas the former, while ridiculous, can at least be looked over. Best bet would be to just play the console version of it."
76561198003138737,Not Recommended,288470,12081193,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,OwlyOwlman,"Terribad port, buggy to the point it's unplayable. Stick to original, looks worse but you can actually play it."
,Not Recommended,288470,14998914,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Wrokk,"don't be fooled into buying this game, the original is much better, this one looks like the graphics and skins were very lazily made and the voice acting is garbage go buy the original its cheaper and better"
76561198297723126,Not Recommended,288470,30349217,Posted: 5 March,all,darkdisciple1313,"Only 1.4 hours with this version, but nearly 60 on the one I owned on my old computer (may it rest in pieces), so I can say now what I thought about the game then:The tl;dr version is simply: funny little game with a lot of wasted potential.Much longer version: I bought the lost chapters edition some years ago, played through it a few times as both good and evil characters, and mainly enjoyed my time. However, the game always seemed to be missing something, and with this new version, I realized what it was. Unlike many of the other RPGs I've played over the years, Fable never gave me this sense of nostalgia or longing to play it ever again once I deleted it off my older computer and put the box on the shelf.Fast forward to now, and the feeling remains the same. Sure, it's still a funny little game with some great moments to it, but I don't feel the same sense of wanting to play for hours at a time that I have with others in the genre. I've likely gotten spoiled with more modern games, but that's not just it. Fable always seems to hit a point where it is just on the edge of being a truly great game, but then falls short in far too many areas.My biggest gripe is with the alleged improvement in graphics. My computer is not a monster rig, but it plays most games well at high specs. With Fable Anniversary, I've had to mess with far too many things to get it to run properly in the manner in which it is supposed to be played. I can run it, but not at ultra-high specs, and that's just stupid for a game that's now eleven years old.The second gripe is with the combat, which was always my problem with the original version. The lock-on is terrible, especially when there are several enemies on the field of battle, which can lead to quick deaths if not properly managed in the first place. With the bad camera slinging around like a loose sail on a schooner during a hurricane, boss battles involving fast enemies can be nearly impossible to finish without dying numerous times, even on easier difficulties. The biggest problem, though, is when the battle is over...every time a dead enemy drops an orb, there's a really good chance that it will end up in a spot where you can't get to it (say, in a non-accessible water source), so you lose that power-up that round, even with the button that allows you to essentially vacu-suck them towards you.Finally, I just wish what had been improved had extended to more than just the graphics. Some new music would have been nice (all of it gets so bedamned redundant after the six thousandth repeat that I have to turn it off eventually), some re-voicing of the more squeaky little brats would have done my ears a favor, and some of the quests were just so dumb that I'd play them evil just to amuse myself.Fable was, for many, a failure because it never delivered on the developers' promises. I wouldn't have gone that far, but there was too much wasted potential for me to able to recommend it to any but those who enjoyed the game initially. New players will likely hate Fable, with all its improved graphics, and with good reason. It just doesn't stack up to more modern RPGs, from any country."
76561198014989327,Not Recommended,288470,12078425,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Avilon,"The game play is the same as fable the lost chapters. But the menu and quick slots for magic are all ♥♥♥♥ed up and hard to use. It feels like it was made more for a PS3 , PS4 , Xbox 360 and the Xbox one then for the PC. So thank you for ♥♥♥♥ing up one of my top 10 RPG game. please go kill your self if you have no plans on fixing the menus in this game."
,Not Recommended,288470,12079906,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Eros,"There is a large list of Cons for this game, and not too many pros.There is no menu mouse support and the in-game mouse is very VERY wonky, they put almost no effort into porting it from Xbox with controls in mind.The graphics are not a big enough improvement to warrent a 300% price increase from the Lost chapters.The day one DLC that was not included with preorder is a thorn in the side of the gaming community. It is obviously already made, so add it into the game without trying to charge us more for this cash grab.The modding support is a sham, with players only able to change textures and animations (Supposedly) I'm sure the community could find a way around that but we should be given what we were promised in ACTUAL modding support.All in the all this remake feels like like a remake, and more a retextured cash grab that you should stay away. Instead spend that money to get Fable: The Lost Chapters on steam, it is still perfectly playable even 9 years later."
,Recommended,288470,26830908,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phawx,Fable is good game.
,Recommended,288470,27233138,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Le Gros-Porteur,"I never played Fable I, I started with Fable II, and it's a pretty good game. And I need the Steam committee 2016 badge."
,Not Recommended,288470,12077682,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,mac and cheeto,"the town guard's eyes are missing, 10/10."
76561198030328396,Not Recommended,288470,12077086,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,ShortBaldLoud,"It is rare that a game can make me angry within three minutes of play but Fable Anniversary has managed to make me want to give up PC gaming within TWO minutes. This is a lazy, half-baked port if I ever saw one. Something as basic as mouse support for menus should have been included on day one. I wait, with anticipation, for weeks now to play this. I even considered buying The Lost Chapters on Steam to tide me over. I probably should have bought it and forgot about Fable Anniversary. How can I enjoy the immersive world of Fable when the menus are so awful and the game lags on my reasonably powerful PC? The chicken chaser developers have shown utter contempt to PC players with this port. They advertised this port as a 'favour' to all the loyal PC fans out there who have waited and waited. Lionhead and Microsoft shouldn't have given us the favour if they were not going to be bothered to do it properly.EDIT:The laggy graphics can be improved on NVIDA cards wtih a bit of rigging around. Improves experience greatly."
,Not Recommended,288470,12079021,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Commander Cuddles,"Bad Port, Terrible Controls, Same Old GameFable: The Lost Chapters was a wonderful game, but if you've already played it, you've already played this. This is nothing more than a high res texture/shader pack for Fable: TLC. This is not a full scale remake, leaving audio, animations and engine untouched. The character have been given higher detailed and higher resolution models, but they are stuck on the same old skeletons and use the same old animations. The worst offender are characters' eyes, which like the original game, still do not move. It looked weird 10 years ago, and it looks even weirder now. With the more realistic looking characters, with the old robotic movements, dead unmoving eyes, it really does give you the feeling of being trapped in some sort of fun house animatronic hell. The faces of the characters also feels like a downgrade from TLC, while they are higher resolution, most of the characters have rather ugly faces, and look a lot more generic than in TLC, losing a lot of their cartoonish look which gave them life in the first place.It's also a bad port directly from Xbox, with absolutely no attempt at making PC controls. This game is practically unplayable with a mouse and keyboard, even if that's how you typically played Fable: TLC in the past. In-game controls can be remapped (only once in game, NOT in the main menu) but all UI controls are ripped straight from xbox, meaning you have to type ""A"" ""B"" ""X"" ""Y"" on your keyboard in order to interact with the menus, and there is no option within the game to remap these. Other control flaws exist such as needing to press ""Insert"" and ""Delete"" to go to different pages in your inventory/journal.As for the environments and lighting changes, all is not well either. While a lot of the houses and scenery do look better with more detail than in TLC, the lighting kills the experience in a lot of places. They have in places put in some new real time lighting effects, but these are very localised. They look good if you are directly in that spot (in front of a fireplace for example) but look really out of place if you are viewing them from afar in an overall scene. You end up having a scene that is primarily ambient lighting, with a few spots of real time lighting that completely look out of place with the environment. You will end up with scenes like the Oakvale raid at the beginning of the game, where the scene is tinted heavily red, but the shadows and real time light sorces remain unshaded. It's hard to explain, but it ends up just looking very WRONG, like a badly photoshopped image.If this was a fan made free overhaul mod for the original game, or a forum collaboration (which is what it feels like) I would really be on board with all this, as a work in progress. But this is not fan made, this game had a team behind it and a budget. It is not free, it costs more than a lot of better games on steam at full price. And it is certainly not a work in progress, this is as good as it gets. And it's certainly far from good."
,Not Recommended,288470,14962198,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,johnny.killstring,"I absolutely adored this game back in the day. Gorgeous art design, beautiful music, and if you ignore the ""social interaction"" system, (which is the most effecitve simulation of antisocial personality disorder I have seen in a video game, shaming the GTA series), it was a really fun ARPG.It has NOT aged well.There are so many games that do this better, for less. I found it much less pleasant than reinstalling Kingdoms of Amalur. If you really want to play a Fable game on PC, Fable 3 is pretty good, and should be nice and affordable.But seriously. I was thoroughly disappointed."
76561198115374057,Not Recommended,288470,12075148,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Doodleech,Oh snaps dont buy they just sucked with this waste of money
76561198094431554,Recommended,288470,12086196,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Finn The Human,"An oldie for those who played the original and the following series... Brings back such good memories, and with it all having a make over, it makes it almost makes it a new game."
76561198049507760,Not Recommended,288470,12075072,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Broke Guy,A great game although it is currently not worth buying. I have a fairly powerfull laptop with a 750m and this game is completely unplayable. This was terribly optimized and there is no mouse support in the menus. There are almost no graphics options in the menu and you can't rebind keys or view a key mao from the main menu.  I will likely buy the dlc if the game is patched and all current issues are resolved. I bought this game out of anticipation of being able to play my favorute game again but they have been crushed for now.
,Not Recommended,288470,12074967,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,The Magic Lemur,"I decided to bite the bullet and pre-purchase it to save a couple bucks. Got me again, Microsoft! Headache-inducing post-processing, choppy performance, and ugly character remodels. If you don't mind Xbox-era graphics, maybe go pick up The Lost Chapters instead."
76561198039971819,Not Recommended,288470,12132813,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,matt527,"I'm very disapointed... Let me inform you of the pros & cons.Pros: ""Most"" textures & models look nicer, a few new items.Cons: Why was the mouse & more importantly middle mouse button not only stupidly chosen to be ""block"", but intentionally locked from us changing it back from this infuriating decision!The hero looks like an ugly thug, not anything like ""a hero"" nor even the hero we knew & loved being.No new quests, zero improvments noticable to justify what I've payed for it, not to mention the let down from being hyped about a childhood game.""""Imagine my foul language here:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"""""
76561198159619195,Not Recommended,288470,19491824,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,oyalosis,"Hell! It's  so bad that my bloody English can't discribe it. But trust me. It's not earn even $1!If you realy want to play the Fable, I suggest the original."
,Not Recommended,288470,13013422,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,chmod1777,"Big thumbs down.  While the textures have a higher resolution, etc, the art just isn't as good, IMHO.  Buy Fable: The Lost Chapters instead, and crank up the detail level.  It actually looks better -- the models, characters, etc, clearly had more effort put into them in the original than they did for the remake.Big, big waste of money, especially when the original still looks and plays fine."
,Recommended,288470,28975946,Posted: 3 January,all,Mantis Toboggan MD.,Easily one of the most nostalgic RPGs from the classic Xbox era and the best of the Fable series. With the expanded lost chapters this was an instant buy for me.
76561198112915575,Recommended,288470,23893776,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dutch East-India Company,"It's a fun and good game, but the escort quests and the fact that you can only stop a quest by loading a checkpoint before you started it instead of just quiting and redoining it later ruined the game for me."
76561198007562447,Recommended,288470,23906844,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Maniac,"Played this game when i was 10, 12 years later still an amazing and entertaining game and with its new HD graphics it looks like it could be a game released in 2015!"
76561197976893479,Recommended,288470,24240856,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,J@MM1N,"Played Fable on Xbox originally. Played through the pc Version whith lost chapters included, Played fable 2 and 3 on xbox 360, and now the remastered version of fable also including the lost chapters and completely redone graphically. The game is still great. I have played through 2 times on Anniversary and collected everything possible so its sad to say there is no longer anything to accomplish after the time i have put in. If you originally enjoyed fable on xbox and more specifically you played the pc version this one controls much the same. A little wonky with the mouse but you can get used to it easily in an hour or so. The character model for the main heros face looks kind of weird in the remastered version. The new additions to fable anniversary are Hero mode and the dlc. Hero mode is fable hard mode. There are more enemies they seem to be more agressive and harder to kill. This is also particularely noted with the bosses. That being said you can do whatever you want in fable so you can get quite good weapons and armour right from the start depending on your strategy. Also noted in hero mode there are no resurection phial which means instead you will be given 1 health potion where a phial would be. The shopkeepers also hold very little health and mana potions and mana is consumed alot faster when using magic abilities. Having played alot of fable in the past the hard mode was not really much more hard and it just meant that it took a bit longer to accomplish objectives . Unless you really like fable this is where i would recommend this game. Also unless you are really into cosplay in fable i would not recommend the dlc as the weapons and armour are not adding much to your experience."
,Recommended,288470,24087341,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Stormrage,"I loved the original, it's nice to replay this years later, after few patches finally runs in windowed mode as well."
,Recommended,288470,24004083,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ItsJrod,Honestly the greatest thing i've played for awhile now. This beats skyrim for me... I already played through the game once as completely good and now playing through again as bad. This is such a nostalgic game and would definately suggest that you get it! SO WORTH THE MONEY!
,Recommended,288470,33525309,Posted: 13 July,all,Lil C,"if you have never played, it will be a great game to visit from the past. Well worth it if it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,288470,15271794,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,DepthRush,"I loved this game when Fable came out. In my opinion I don't feel like Fable has made a good game since though.This allows me to play the game once again with a controller and better UI but the graphical changes in game are awful. It feels like hardly anything changed and the main character looks terrible, he looked better before. They obviously didn't put much effort into this at all. I don't recommend it."
76561198014613702,Not Recommended,288470,15284143,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Kangus,"The original Fable holds a place in my heart, and the idea of a HD remaster of this game should have been a pleasant, nostalgic experience. However, due to clunky programming, thrown together UI, frequent clipping issues and overall lazy efforts on behalf of the developement team, this game is only a glimps of what it could have been. The core game is still in tact, and just as enjoyable (and recommended) but the original has had a lot more love put into it and is more deserving of your money.Fable remains a very enjoyable experience, and worthy of multiple playthroughs. Either version is worth picking up, as the remasters pros are equalled by it's cons. Pick this up if you're a hardcore fan or if it's on sale, otherwise the original remains cheaper and more authentic."
76561198031615816,Not Recommended,288470,15171817,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Noob-Noob,Even though this is an HD release there are few additions to the original title.Character models slightly improvedIn game UI rework is the best improvementNo improvements to Characters and AI.
76561198057999739,Not Recommended,288470,12073480,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Brent,"It runs sluggish on my lenovo y50 with nvidia geforce 860m, 8gb ram. Is anyone experiencing a similar problem? It's kinda frustrating not eing able to play it :s"
,Not Recommended,288470,15825188,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,C0mputer Pyr0,"there is nothing ""bad"" game play wise for this game, and if you want it, then get it, but you are literally paying $35 dollars for a texture pack, that doesn't look to good in my opinion. I just wish they would have actually spend time on this game like, make an entirely new engine, fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ models and some of the animations. I Pre-ordered this game, and was immediately disappointed. If you want fable, go buy the original, because Lionhead Studios gives you no reason to buy the anniversary over the original."
,Not Recommended,288470,13008181,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Patchamamma,"Doesn't even support a screen size of 2560 X 1080, the price is too high and the GUI (interface) is just♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,288470,22554151,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,ᛟGøøver the ᚰRøses⚔,"Thank you for the fact that the creators have created such a beautiful, historic game, you brought us a lot of fun to play in the story and we all want what would you continue to take care of this game and did not throw us, but if we knew a little something you should work to project and people will reach for you!"
,Recommended,288470,28679538,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kinetic Strike from Orbit,"If you don't own this game, and have never played it, I honestly suggest you try to find the original version first. If you owned the original, and maybe still do, do not buy this game. The only new content is the DLC, and the menu went from PC optimized with everything clearly laid out and accessible, and a whole host of options to choose from to adjust your gameplay experience to the barest minimum of options, and a consolified UI that is more confusing than useful.In the end, this was a fun game with a decent story that was badly updated with an eye only for strip mining nostalgia for the original and maybe making a bit more money off DLC, rather than actually providing a fun return to Albion for old players, and giving new players a chance to fall in love with the series."
,Recommended,288470,23974465,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,2fast4dad,"amazing game, ♥♥♥♥ fishing though"
76561198021895943,Recommended,288470,25030050,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Kasper,"Greatest game of all time. Just dont buy the DLC's they are not worth it they just addunnecessary items you can buy from the shops that ruin the game experience.Also i think the Original ""Fable: The lost chapters"" are just as good if not better.Great game realy recommend it :P"
,Recommended,288470,28019150,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AWESO,This game looks amazing! Still run in to invisible walls and glitch through the ground occasionally but reliving this game again is great!
,Recommended,288470,31051621,Posted: 9 April,all,MrFrapp,"a little back ground knowledge.  I personally love RPG's, and I'm a hardcore gamer, and have been for all my short life, but I have never played the Fable series, surprisingly, so this review is best for people who have never or played very little of the original series.The smoothness(totally a waord) is pretty decent, the mechanics are decent, and its deffinately addicting, i benj played this.as you play, the story starts to unfold, the very first mission, or quest, or interacting/action really, shows the potential of a great story, but it wasnt, but I still loved the game non the less.  Honestly, one of my favourite games, I dont really know why.  I enjoyed almost every second of it.  Though the last boss battle was extremely underwhelming.  I defeated quickly with little to no effort.  But this old game has deffinately been remade quite well to modern standards in my opinion.  So if your a person/player that enjoys a good RPG gameplay wise, then deffiately try this one out.price wise, may or may not be worth it, depends on your taste really.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"
,Recommended,288470,33690755,Posted: 21 July,all,AetherBox,"I played the original more than ten years ago, and was very excited when they first announced the remaster. To me, Fable is a classic that's worth revisiting. The menu is a pain to use with a mouse and keyboard, but playing with a controller works really well. If you liked the original it's worth checking out, and if not - now's your chance to check it out!"
,Recommended,288470,27378066,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Texas_Toast,"I still have the old Fable the Lost Chapters pc game, they did a real good job in bringing you back into the action."
,Recommended,288470,27394843,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alosso,One of the best RPGs I have played. Always coming back for it.
,Recommended,288470,27479895,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,S.S.Dragon™,one of my favorite from my childhood. still holds up and with the upgraded graphics. it was just as much fun as when i first played it!
,Recommended,288470,27370706,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Buckles,Chicken Kickin' is by far the best use of a farm animal in any video game ever made.
76561198022266103,Recommended,288470,24026903,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CJraptor,"As someone who had already purchased Fable:Lost Chapters, I was very hesitant about buying this game. I eventually caved and felt a slight cringe when I felt like I may have wasted my money. I couldn't have been more wrong. Seeing the world of Albion remastered is an amazing joy. I sat down to simply look at things for a short while and decided to take a break after a couple of minutes... to my shock those ""couple of minutes"" was actually almost 2 hours. This is a must buy, especially on sale, if you love Fable and want to experience the magic of seeing all the things you love with updated graphics. However... I will warn that there are some obvious bugs, but the charm of the game and the benefits far outweigh the minor nuisances."
76561198062030709,Recommended,288470,28609616,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,^5Ice Cold,"I grew up playing this amazingness, watching my father play it too. It became an all time favorite quick!Over 9000/10 would recommend this gameto anyone who has missed out on the original, whether they've played any Fable titles or not, and I would recommend anyone who's previously enjoyed this game to buy it again. You can never go wrong with Fable or Fable 2. Gve me crap about liking F2, but gun's aside, and even partially included, it was another great, fun, time consuming game. Fable 3 was still some fun, butverylacking IMHO. However,this gameis one of several that win the test of time award in my book. It's been ages since I've thoroughly enjoyed this game, so I can't give it much more word than that, but I will go through the game again and re-do my review to highlight pro's and cons.Happy gaming and have fun with Fable!"
,Recommended,288470,28435251,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,6rim,"Needs a modding tool that will actually work. I love this game in it's entirety, it just feels like there needs to bemore."
,Recommended,288470,28259668,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,wallaraballo,"Very good game, even considering it is beginning to age. Plenty of different things to do, while not being overwhelming. I, personally, enjoy collecting items such as silver keys, legendary items and hero dolls for the achievements. The first real boss battle with the Jack of Blades was way too hard for me, not sure if there was some kind of boss-battle technique for this one that I couldn't think of, but I beat it before I could be bothered googling it. I am playing it again to get 100% cheevos if I can, I am surprised that I haven't found it too boring the second time through. I own this on xbox as well, plus all other Fable titles, but after playing this on PC, I am very sad that Fable 2 and 3 aren't available on PC as well. When I say very sad, I really do feel pains in my heart when I think of the fact that the other games will never be available on PC. I am aware that 'never' is a rather prophetic term, but with Lionhead Studios closing, it is reasonable to say never. That is irrelevent to the quality of this game, though. Not many other games offer a colourful world, nowadays, every game has a dark and evil theme, with environments clearly exhibiting darkness and evil, and I am very, very tired of it. Fable offers a lighter feel while still offering a darker side, should the player decide to travel down that path. Buying houses is fun, collecting books is fun, fishing competitions and stealing things from houses is all a whole bunch of fun. I will give it a 9/10"
76561198047286062,Recommended,288470,17986238,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,WolfenZorg,"Like to stay in bed on morning, just playing this game."
,Recommended,288470,28099886,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mischivousmic,"I've been a fan since before the lost chapters on Xbox. Glad to have an hd remake with the same bugs and glitches in it lol, it feels like home."
76561198093358567,Recommended,288470,23500161,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sm[A]sh - Revenite,"I played Fable: The Lost Chapters before with my Xbox and I really loved this game. I bought it a few months ago because it was on sale and I would really love to play and have some nostalgic moments with it. I only downloaded it yesterday, and it did not fail me on th reason why I bought it. I'm still in love with this game, lots of skills to choose from, lots of quest, your future/fate depends on your choice. You eat to much you become fat, and if you eat too little you become thin.I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT FABLEI would recommend this game to anyone 11/10"
,Recommended,288470,34982113,Posted: 15 September,all,King Vegeta,"This is kind of a let down, really.  Game is not bad, but it's really ugly compared to the original with washed out colors, low resolution shadows & an ugly blur effect.  You can get around these things but it takes some tweaking of an ini file & sweetfx.  Afterwards, yea it looks great but that's only after you tweak & mod it.PROS-The Classic Fable game on PC with full controller support, all DLC & remastered visuals.-Core Fable Gameplay Remains Intact-Higher Polygon counts are the most noticable upgradeCONS-Remastered Visuals are ugly & require tweaking & modding-Textures are very low res & washed for a remaster-Low Quality ShadersOVERALLIt's another lazy remaster.  The core game remains intact from the story to the gameplay & visual art direction but muddy colors & low quality textures & shadows make this one seem like a lazy mixed bag.  The 3D models look great, but not a ton better than the original.  It's a lot better looking after I spent time figuring out where the ini file was on win10 (it's not in the wellingtongame folder btw) & tweaking it then getting sweetfx working, but seriously why do I have to do all that stuff just to get a decent remaster on PC?  Overall, this is more like an exact port from the 360, watered down graphics & all.If you get it, get it on sale then mod it, cause it's really ugly otherwise."
76561198049735043,Recommended,288470,23446680,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,mazdaman <Nidoking>,if you are looking for an RPG you can just jump into and play with out needing to stop and look at a guide or look up some one elses build this is the game for you. no matter how you play or build your player you can beat the game .
,Recommended,288470,35033660,Posted: 17 September,all,TheBenPsych,All time favorite game. Really wish Fable 2 and 3 were on Steam. I think Lionhead could have made alot more money and potentially stayed open (who knows). The look and feel is still classic Fable but with better graphics.
76561198013359321,Recommended,288470,28960377,Posted: 2 January,all,Hamburglar,"I played the original fable and to me this feels like a well due tribute. Even if you have already beaten the original I would highly recommend this as a nostalgic rerun. In my honest opinion though, As a word of advice, I would only buy this when it's on sale only because of the limitations of the game due to when it was actually created. Nowadays people are used to giant open world maps, but this game still delivers that in a sense being able to pick up where you left off. All in all I would give this game an 8.5/10 only because the controls feel quite wonky at first, but once you get used to them or make your own adjustments you will most certainly find yourself spending well enjoyed, reminiscent hours of fun even if you've never played this before."
,Recommended,288470,33587678,Posted: 16 July,all,The Hommus™,I've played Fable TLC on console so I guess this review will count (since the main content and the key aspects that make up both anniversary and the TLC aren't different)This game will be an appealing  game to play if:*You like extremely easy to finish RPGs*You like your own choices affecting your morale*You like everyone in your family getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥However this won't be a very enticing game to play if you:*Hate Peter MolyneuxP.S. Godus was totally the best game as Peter promised and Fable 3 is TOTALLY not the worst Fable(We all owe our thanks to Peter for being such a caring and honest person when it comes to developing video games)
76561198047176446,Recommended,288470,23868925,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Eddie,"This game was the reason I bought a XBOX instead of PS2 back in times!And I swear, I know this game better than my own living!This game is a truely gem. I've never experienced such a joy after Fable.Probably that will say any gamer when he is thinking about his childhood games (like C&C, Warcraft 3, etc.) ;)And when it came out for PC - of course I had to buy it and get to play it again after this long time.And I still love it and could play countless of runs over and over again.(I have only 53h in steam but as I said, it was originally only on XBOX available where I played it like thousend of hours)There are still some (old) bugs from the original version (like Fishers Creek Silver Key) so in the worst case you have to start the game over. But overall it's a great game and a lot of fun."
76561198253219671,Recommended,288470,28633946,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dino,Men Fears me!Women Adores me!i am so-called the chicken chaser!Loved it! 10\10
76561198046447970,Recommended,288470,28631181,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Motherfucker Jones,"Amazing Story, amazing gameplay, impressive new graphics.A classic gem."
,Recommended,288470,27736977,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LordSpooks,a rather lovely game :^)
76561197998184906,Recommended,288470,28038911,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Orion,The best fable
,Recommended,288470,35018287,Posted: 17 September,all,VortexVA,"Very good game, however it would be nice more mods were added and they could even remake Fable II and Fable III."
,Recommended,288470,34719201,Posted: 3 September,all,Honest abe,"Exactly how I remebered it. love this game and will always go back to it. Not as much freedom as fallout or skyrim, a littl more simple but you can still choose which way you go."
76561198058013214,Recommended,288470,18167596,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Razziano,"Says prouduct for free when i bought for 23 on steam sale!!! (considering changing to thumbs down over princinple.)Fable just has that Unique charm; art style, music, & gameplay progression.Arguably the best Fable, now looks better than ever.Says prouduct for free when i bought for 23 on steam sale!!! (considering changing to thumbs down over princinple.)"
,Recommended,288470,29990250,Posted: 17 February,all,GazzaMan262,"I adore fable, HOWEVERAs much as this game is brilliant i especially like the middle finger to a demon door achievement xDEverything is perfect, graphics, storyline nothing wrong....Except the steam workshop for the game....There is a massive lack of mods (due to the developers putting restrictions on it). if i am quite frank that bwas the main reason why i actually brought the game and if i am honest i'm glad i picked this up on sale.I enjoyed the game xD (ignore i've played it a gazillion times)AVOID THE DLC's!!!Why am i going to buy new clothes and weapons for a completed game?"
,Not Recommended,288470,12213563,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,StRaven,"PC controls are absolutely terrible, still buggy at times but I really dont see that much of an improvement from the original game.  Fable is a great game but I think you would be better off buying the original."
76561198025478775,Not Recommended,288470,12108015,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,demas59,"Ok, so they have released a patch to fix some of the issues. The UI is still broken however. You still can't navigate though the menus with a mouse, nor can you reassign the (stupid) menu keys.  You can map more of the keys (note thats STILL ""more"" not ""all""). While trying to reassign the keys to something a little more sane I discovered you can't map anything to ctrl or alt, and that left shift and right shift are treated as the same key.  also the ' key is forbidden for keyboard mapping.  No idea why, it just ""is"". Oh, and ""accept"" and ""back"" are still hardcoded to ""A"" and ""B"".  Nice first try, now how about giving us a patch that actually FIXES the issues we're all complaining about.-- ORIGINAL REVIEW STARTS HERE --I wanted to like this game, I really did. I even played it past the intro level (which has an annoying about of cutscenes) in the hope I'd get used to the UI and controls. But this has to be the worst port I have ever had the misfortune to pre-purchace.  The User Interface is horrible, the ""new"" graphics are nothing much (and some of the ""new"" faces are appalingly ugly).  This is a quick and dirty port of a console version rather than a PC version.  How quick and dirty?  The ""A"" and ""B"" buttons from the joystick have been assigned to the ""A"" and ""B"" keys on the keyboard so they didn't have to change anything else.  Half the keys (and as far as I can tell, all the mouse commands) cannot be redefined, some of the special moves (flaunt, first person perspective when using a bow) either don't work at all, or work so sporadically as to be unusable. Quest markers for secondary missions are either missing or randomly vanish (and so do some guard quest NPC's, don't tell someone to wait then go kill bandits, you'll come back to find they have vanished and the quest is now unplayable).If there was a reasonable way to hand this back for a refund I'd be at the head of the queue.  Until they release a patch for at least the UI and quests, I'd advise leaving this alone and trying the older ""fable lost levels"" instead.  It's cheaper, and apparantly has a UI that actually works."
76561198025274946,Not Recommended,288470,12112257,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Shortymus,"Fable Anniversary....You were the chosen one! I had so much hope for you!The original PC version (TLC) was beyond a doubt one of the greatest, underrated games of its time. The pile of, well frankly,♥♥♥♥♥♥that has been made available on Steam is a pale comparison to the game of old. Sure the graphics are a little bit smoother, but that is the one single thing that has been improved on. The actual graphics themselves are no better than they were 10 years ago. Couple this with the fact that the game stutters it's way through sections for no apparent reason other than that that is what it wants to do. The controls are horrendous unless you use a game pad, with no option to key bind for the keyboard and mouse, you're left with some un-intuitive system that seemingly was designed by someone with no background in PC gaming.For Lionhead's sake I hope they patch this quick, they're losing a large audiences attention very quickly with this. Pull your finger out and patch it, before the modders beat you to it!No vote until patched.../rant"
,Recommended,288470,16586589,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DryvBy,"I saw that this game had some mixed reactions and I honestly don't understand why. I like that this is just a touched up version of the original. That is what a remaster is after all.While Fable II is my favorite in the series, Fable was a go-to on my Xbox before The Lost Chapters came to PC. At it's time, it felt like the first game where you could just do anything you want. The game is very light-hearted and secretly cruel. In this version, they've updated the graphics for modern PCs (while still looking like Fable). They added native Xbox 360 controller support, and they've added Steam achievements. I'm really impressed."
76561198079533745,Recommended,288470,25613374,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,McRuffLee,Looks fantastic!!!! Anyone that remembers the old fable game and liked will love this!
76561198037781468,Not Recommended,288470,24094582,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,gulyman,"I tried playing this, but the camera was too jerky and made me feel pretty sick. I had to refund it."
,Recommended,288470,15091565,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ReapTheChaos,"This game seems to be getting a lot of bad reviews, but my experience has been nothing but positive. I haven't encountered a single bug, glitch or crash, if the game had problems they've apparently worked them. The graphics and animation look fine to me, better than I was expecting, but then again I'm not the type of person who expects every blade of grass to be rendered in stunning detail in order to enjoy a game. The UI and controls all look and work fine and the menus are easy to navigate.  Keep in mind, I use a controller so I can't speak to the keyboard/mouse use.I never player the original Fable but I was a big fan of both Fable II and III on Xbox 360 so it was nice to add to that experience. I've already got over 50 hours into it and I'm already looking forward to a second playthrough. As I said, I never played the original so I can’t say how much difference there is, but if you haven’t played it than it’s definitely worth the money in my opinion."
,Recommended,288470,15097464,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Saxio,"Ahh!~  Brings back the nostalgia of the original I had back on the xbox.  Exact same game as I remember.  For those not familiar with it is a hack and slash with pretty basic controls but definitly enjoyable, tho rather short, game."
,Not Recommended,288470,12130681,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Smack,Feels like a crappy port to me. You cant use the mouse in the menus and the upgraded graphics just seem blurry/out of focus.
,Not Recommended,288470,12093611,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Ilan,"FOR EVERY CHOICE, A CONSEQUENCE.!!!!And if you chose to buy this game you will get a broken game.This game a console port, buggy and doesnt support 2560 x 1080p even its availlable in the option"
76561198135834707,Recommended,288470,16572782,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,towipion,"In short: This is a great game. Any bugs or glitches that were there, are no longer there so don't worry about that when purchasing this game. It has a great storyline, one of the best combat systems, a huge arsenal of weaponry/spells, and a great system for customizing your character.Storymode: The storymode in the game is one of my all time favorites in rpg's. Getting scarred as a child, then living a life where you thirst for revenge. And like every story, when seeking revenge, betrayal is not far behind.Combat Style: I've played a lot of rpg's and this is a combat style that I wish more fantacy rpg's will focus on. You can easily organize your massive library of spells to work with your combat when needed. Unlikeother games I found this one a lot easier to defend myself against enimies, yet still gave me a challenge if I wasn't paying enough attention.Character Customization: As you play the game you begin to aquire more clothing/armour, as well find some tattoo parlours/hairsalons. With clothing you can mix and match or easily set it to the presets. Each set of clothing not only helps you with your armour, but with how you look to other npc's, Rather you're trying to attract a babe, or scare a gaurd the Algorythm in doing so is very simple to understand. When it comes down to tattoo/hairstylists, there are several locations in doing so. Each location has different styles, and certain artists don't have a stationary building so you are able to go on a random walk in the woods and end up getting a haircut and a new tattoo along the way.Bugs and Glitches: I didn't buy the game when it first came out so my following statement is how the game is currently. Mind you I 100% the game so I was still able to experience everything, and I'm not reviewing this whilst I'm in the middle of the game. The only bugs that I did get are the following: Getting stuck between two objects, when this happened I simply tp'd out and continued on (This happened only once through my entire play through). Near the end of the game I tried to kill an enemy with my sword and when doing so my game crashed, I resolved this problem by killing him with my bow instead. After doing so I had 0 problems with that quest and at no other point did I have that problem. After I 100% the acievments I was awarded the achivment via game but I wasn't via steam. Which is frustraiting but nothing to cry over. In simple terms the game has very minimal bugs, all of which were easily resolved."
,Recommended,288470,29855545,Posted: 11 February,all,Equinox💕,"The negative reviews are complaints on the port.I get micro stuttering which makes it unplayable, I don't want to play like this it's not fun.It seems the problem is from Nvidea owners. When I changed from AMD card to Nvidea card I have stuttering on my screen.Well at least TLC works fine.It's a fun game and if it works for you then play it, but TLC is also just as good.The studio closed down, there are no fixes coming out."
,Recommended,288470,16322530,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Daemirwindchan,"Well now, Where to begin.I'm not a fable veteran, this was the first version I've played, so if you're expected a nostalgic ramble about childhood memories, you're out of luck.What I am is a roleplaying veteran, and I enjoyed this game.Fable is a very tounge-in-cheek romp through a pile of cliches and injokes, self-effacing in its humour and outragous in its actions. Fable is geniune enjoyment for the pure sense of enjoyment. If you are a fan of RPGs and good humour and are looking for a casual game, this is the game for you.Pros:Easy and flexible control schemeHilarious gameplayCons:Lack of challengelimited character optionsrailroad plot"
,Recommended,288470,34342177,Posted: 18 August,all,Toast ✅,*old lady voice* This game won't rustle your jimmies...... Chicken Chaser.
76561197971042250,Not Recommended,288470,12080357,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,TreyNutz,"I loved Fable TLC and have played it at least 4 times over the years.  When I heard about Fable Anniversary and saw some of the preview pics I made a point to pre-order.  That was a mistake.The graphics are largely better than Fable TLC, but still underwhelming.  On close up the hero's hair looks bad, and Whisper's looks even worse.  There's odd lighting around the hair and face of the models.  The hero's eyes look dead - totally a 2 dimensional surface.  You can see this in TotalBiscut's review at about the 11:25 mark.  The eyes in TLC by comparison look much better (which you can also see in his video).  There is a bit of a blur over everything and some of the ambient occlusion looks pretty bad.  There's already user-made .ini tweaks on the Steam forums to deal with some of these issues and using them does provide some improvement.The real problem is the horrible controls.  There is no mouse control for the game menus and the keyboard controls are nonsensical.  They literally mapped the A, B, and Y keys of the Xbox 360 controller to the A, B, and Y keys of the keyboard to manipulate many of the menu functions in the game.  I've never seen the B key used to manipulate menus in a game before.  It's not a great innovation.The inventory screen is completely changed from TLC's for the worse.  To do anything inventory related in this version you start with the Insert and Home keys to navigate tabs, then use the Delete and End keys to navigate sub-tabs, then switch to the arrow keys to navigate lists and sub-lists, then the A key wear, equip, or bind something, then B to exit out.  Sometimes Esc will get you back directly to the game, sometimes not.  It's really clunky.  The layout itself has a ton of wasted screen space on colors, tabs, and subtabs with only a small amount of screen real estate devoted to actually display the items you are carrying.There is no mouse sensitivity adjustment.  When I first started playing in Oakvale just turning the camera was strikingly jarring.  I don't know why, I just finished Skyrim a few weeks ago and had no issue with swinging the camera around in that game, but here in Fable Anniversary I found it terribly jarring visually.  I thought maybe turning down the mouse sensitivity would help...but there's no way to do that.  Maybe this is just a personal thing that I'll get used to.The oddness of combining orb gathering and spell use on the left shift still persists and is just as troublesome as it was in the original.  Blocking and dodging are on the middle mouse button.  Maybe that was fine 9 years ago when I played with a gaming mouse that actually had a middle mouse button, but today I have a scroll wheel there and that scroll wheel button is a terrible way to control such critical functions like block and dodge.  It's not as sensitive and fairly uncomfortable.There is some key remapping available once you have loaded a game, but critical keys (like the A and B use to navigate the menus, attack, block, dodge, etc.) cannot be remapped.  I wish I could remap dodge and block to some of the other mouse buttons on my Death Adder 2013, but that's not possible.Exiting game is probably the worst I've seen in any PC game in years.  You hit Esc, then A to select save game, arrow keys to choose a save slot, A to save, B to go back to the menu, hit the arrow down key 4 or 5 times to select Quit, A to quit, wait for a loading screen to the main menu, hit the arrow down key 7 or 8 times to select exit to Windows, hit A to exit. Every.Single.Time.You.Quit.The.Game.  In 2014 it should be substantially easier to save and quit a computer game.Some of these control issues can be mitigated by using an Xbox 360 controller.  I happen to have one and tried it but I thought the quick menu to access the many expressions and inventory items to be atrocious.  There is no key remapping for either of the 2 controller layout options.To sum up: I'm disappointed.  I expected better graphics.  For regular (non menu) gameplay the keyboard/mouse controls aren't too bad or too changed from the original but they certainly weren't updated or improved.  The inventory menu layout is overly complicated and the menu controls are abysmal.  It all works, mind you.  It's all functional.  But it's not very well done and absolutely mars a really great game.As for stability, I've only played a little over 2 hours and haven't had any stuttering or other visual issues being reported on Steam forums.  No crashes either.  I have an i7-3770, 8 GB RAM, and an Nvidia GTX 770.I wish I had waited for this come on sale on Thanksgiving or maybe Christmas. I still love Fable and still think it's a great game, but Fable Anniversary did not live up to expectations.  There's a really great game underneath the clunky interface and inventory menu system.  It's a shame that Fable Anniversary didn't really polish up Fable TLC and really make the game shine."
,Not Recommended,288470,12090722,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Desden,Poorly done. Lag makes it unplayable.
76561198025165191,Not Recommended,288470,12090868,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,zjwillie,"Choppy and terrible hangs, there is no excuse for this.Note: My build can handle just about anything."
76561198045040889,Not Recommended,288470,12090994,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,akiviri,"Edits for the previous updates: I won't be spending any addition money on this title soon, and I don't think you should either, unless its on sale. The updates have been coming in, and we have recieved what we demanded in a quality game. This still doesn't change the fact that I feel the original remains superior.There are a few big issues I still see in this title. The graphics, while improved from the original, fail to meet the current standards for games of this art style. There are many textures that don't even meet the debatable quality of the rest of the game. Many of the characters that looked fine in the original, now look disgusing.Mouse support on the menus is enough to make me consider playing it more, but I'm experiencing frame-rate issues for no obvious reason. A shame, as I have complete the original many times, and want to play the harder difficulties that Anniversary offers.TL;DR My opinion on the game has increased immensly from its original release date, but it has yet to meet the standards it should. If the game continues to be improved by the developers, then it may just get my approval someday."
,Not Recommended,288470,12075295,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,2O2G-vires_astris,great game but the controls currently set up on pc is horrid. Huge issue going thru menu (yet to even figure out how to lvl anything beside strenght) Once they fix these issue's hopefully in the coming days/weeks this game will b great but till then downvoted.
,Not Recommended,288470,12081017,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Barmy Badger,"Game looks fancy and everything but....The control scheme is so god awful I cannot recommend this game, unless you are a die-hard fan but even then I would prefer getting a 360 and playing Fable II."
76561198067238094,Not Recommended,288470,12081286,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,CaptainStabbin,"First off I have been a long, long, long term fan of the Fable series.  Always loved Lionhead, but this is just broken.  Mouse/keyboard is a fail.  Worse is the game is jerky, laggy, and crashes.  It is not my PC, as I have had no issue ever playing other much more hardware demanding games.  This port is the nail in the coffin for me and Lionhead.  I'll probably still play due to nostalgia of the old days, but I really wish I could get my money back.  Playing this port brings me back to the days of DOS games and their mad user interface.  Always loved the Fable series, until now.  Please fix the issues, that should have never happened, and I would gladly re-review.  Buy it for the old days, and yell at it for the utter failure of an attempt to update a really great game."
,Not Recommended,288470,12111211,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Computerplayer1,"Played this for about 15 minutes before I got a headache. The screen is so blurry that your eyes can't figure out what to focus on, and everything in the world seems to somehow jitter whenever the camera moves. This gave me a headache faster than Antichamber did which is impressive. Beyond that, graphically it's not really much of an improvement and somehow looks like 15fps even when running at 60+. Quite an accomplishment.The controls were stiff, and as you probably already know are not changeable. It's an awful port in general and I can safely say I wouldn't recommend this even on sale. I feel like I got ripped off for the first time in a long time on Steam."
,Recommended,288470,15070806,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Rich™,"I played Fable TLC to death on my original Xbox, when I saw this was coming to PC I knew I had to get it I am a BIG fan of the Fable series and this is a worthy version to play."
76561198052189490,Not Recommended,288470,30319690,Posted: 4 March,all,PocketFox,"I wanted to love this game. I really, really did. I played the original Fable, and the Lost Chapters, way back in the day on XBox, so I was excited to get this version. And to it's credit, yes, the game is still the Fable I know and love.However.The game is so ridiculously touchy and prone to freezing it takes a whole lot of the fun out of it. Trying to alt-tab freezes the game and I have to reload from a checkpoint. Multiple times the game has frozen so badly I had to restart my entire computer. In fact, that's what happened just now and what prompted me to write this review: the game decided to randomly start hardcore freezing on me when I entered Darkwood, and I couldn't even get to my Task Manager to force close it. I've had to restart my computer twice so far. Googling reveals these problems have been going on since the game's launch with no clear source. Save your money and give this one a pass."
,Not Recommended,288470,12079214,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Fargquad,"Wait before you buy.I've made it to the Bandit King, and there is only one problem I have one into and it is the freezes. It seems the farther into the game you get the more frequent the freezes happen and longer the duration. Other than that, the game is better than I expected. I love this game as a child and I have waited for this PC port for quite some time. I'm not sure what most of these reviews complaining about the game being blurry are, the game is beautiful. All I did was turn off Vertical Sync and went on my way. Nothing was blurry, no texture problems, anything. It's the old game I remember, just touched up a bit with a few added bonuses. Hopefully they don't just ignore us PC users and fix this freeze, but until then it isn't worth the buy, sadly."
,Not Recommended,288470,12079793,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,*Noobstar*,"game was remastered and controls ruin for the PC. such a bad ported game and graphics awefully optimized, there was a lot of bugs, missing textures at times, no mouse cursor in the menus...camera position are awful in the scenic views, where the face is cutoff from the person talking. I think the only improvement for this remake was the UI and Interface...otherwise the orginal version has a better feel for graphics and controls....sorry to say...Unless you like playing with a controller i suggest you just stick with the console to play this game."
76561198025944866,Not Recommended,288470,12080868,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Crotchety Axe Guy,"Fable: The Lost Chapers, was one of my favourite games as a child. When I heard about Fable Anniversary, I bought it withotut expecting much; I thought it would just be a HD remaster. Maybe fix some of the glitches. What I got was:+ Improved shading.+ Improved sound qualityImproved texture resolution and models, though the faces are all hideous.- Interface that's about as user-friendly as forks being jammed under your toenails.- No mouse control in menus.- HORRIBLY clunky camera that seems to have trouble going around corners without jumping around.- Sound cutting off and crackling whenever it feels your headset and/or ears aren't being tortured enough.- Random Crashes- Combined key commands that shouldn't have been combined- such as dodge/rolling- Not being able to edit all of the controls without digging around in the filesFable Anniversary is not worth the $35 price tag. The original Fable:TLC is superior in every way, unless you put graphics over gameplay. The graphical improvments are not enough to make up for the technical trainwreck that is Fable Anniversary. This is a shoddy port that simply feels unfinished. Alot of work has to be put into it before I would consider it supeior to the classic in any way."
,Recommended,288470,17306562,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Stomerson,"fun, but shortafter you beat the main quest there isn't really anything to do besides become death, destroyer of worlds"
,Not Recommended,288470,14286106,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ASSHOLE,"Disappointed.My keyboard and mouse became mostly unresponsive when I tried to change the controller scheme in an attempt to re-assign keybinds.0/10 Nope.13 dollars was still a waste of money for this game, go buy Fable the Lost Chapters if you want to play Fable."
,Not Recommended,288470,12079386,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Presbytier,Very buggy bad sound quality and overall not a great update.
,Recommended,288470,12086426,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,FUNindaSUN,"Fantastic updates to this classic game, Hooked on to it exactly how i was when i first played it in 2005, perfect remake 10/10"
,Recommended,288470,15121305,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Agent.X7,"Fable is one of my favorite game series of all time. If you liked the original, picking up the remaster is a no-brainer. It's funny how little it seems upgraded until you fire up the old version and are reminded how old it actually is. The graphics are actually MUCH better now, not just in terms of poly count and textures, but also in the lighting and post processing.Fable probably won't play well on a keyboard and mouse. I have always just used a controller on my PC to play it. The 360 version works great. I love that they also ported over the control scheme from Fable 2 and 3 so you select either that or the classic Fable controller setup.Now, Lionhead: WHERE IS FABLE 2 FOR THE PC?!?!"
76561198036587782,Recommended,288470,12079992,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Power is Evil,"Once upon a time, in the land of Albion lived a boy and his family. And then things got worse.Become a hero (or villain, if that’s what you choose) and save all of Albion in the process."
,Not Recommended,288470,12075575,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,LadyMizra,"I am disgusted with the laziness of this company and their disregard for PC users. Yes, the graphics are beautiful, and run great on my computer, since I have a very expensive laptop. But nothing in this is made for the PC user. No more hotbar, I can't use a -mouse- a freaking mouse on the menus,  You can't even use wasd on the menu, and you need to press a and b. I don't want to buy a freaking controller. I can't believe I spent money on this lazy port. They lied to us."
,Not Recommended,288470,19934746,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Glory_of_God,"are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me  ?It's a crap. Bugs, poor quality, 60 FPS, menu sucks, movement is awful. Nuke it. 10 minutes was enough to make me furious.Developers destroyed one of my favorite games, but I recommend you to buy original The Lost Chapters - works better and is cheaper."
,Not Recommended,288470,13012187,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Xeekei,"This remake is a bit of a disappointment. The graphics, like lighting, models, and textures, look better. However, they have made the interface worse! It is not a PC interface, by any stretch of the imagination; the menus are built with controllers in mind. You even use the A key to select menu options, and PAGE UP/PAGE DOWN and HOME/END to navigate through the menus. Ridiculous!I have myself noticed a bit of dodgy mouse control when moving the camera. It lags a bit, and it seems to be certain predetermined positions the camera ""nodges into"" when you stop the movement. Not very smooth at all.The rest of the game is just as the original Fable: The Lost Chapters, but the better graphics does not really make up for the worse interface.The game does however perform very good. I get almost constant 144+ FPS on my GTX 670."
76561198103407871,Recommended,288470,12322418,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,VargusTGF,If you like kicking chickens then you will like this game.
76561198024398968,Recommended,288470,24146896,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,|SE|prome,"Not as good as Fable 1 & 2, but still a good game.I'm just gonna list the cons,1. The difficulty, dont play on the easy mode, you are practically immortal(with potions ofc). I didnt die once in a full playthrough. I never failed a mission once either.2. Optimization/Graphics, well its HD, it does look good. But, some animations lag. My system should be able to run 4 instances of this game at the same time. Dont get me wrong, its not a constant lag or anything, just some animations do lag, so I guess it isnt completly optimized.3. The interaction with NPCs, for example, if you want to have sex with your SO you'll have to court him/her alot. Then get married. Then court them again alot more before you can have sex. I dont really play games like Fable for the static 15 second moaning and a black screen, but still. And particulary Lady Grey, you have to court here like a million times. Literally.4. The short gameplay, mainquests took about 6 hours for me. In 13 hours I completed all sidequests aswell, including the 2 godly weapons you get from the 'good' and the 'bad' worshippers. I didnt get all Demon Doors and Silverkey-chests though, so I guess you can add 1-2 more hours if you include those.5. The money-making method, for obvious reasons, I'm not gonna say it here and spoil your potential gameplay, but did they really think this through, spend 1 ""skillpoint"" and be able to resell everything right after you bought it to gain gold? Thats uncool. But then again, you dont have to use it.6. Lack of buildings that you can buy. Also, you cant decorate your houses manually.7. Gear, the lack of diversity is absolutely ridiculous. The best weapons and armors is available for you after 10 minutes of gameplay. It doesnt matter that the town you start in has supereasy surroundings and the last places you visit has semi-powerfull enemies, they sell the same gear, for the same prices. Some items cant be bought, but only found through secret quests, which is a good thing.8. The controls, dont play this with your keyboard+mouse. This game, as all Fable-games, is designed to play with a controller.9. The story, its just dumb and dull. I'll shorten it alot so I dont spoil it. Someone kills your family. You get training to become super OP. Your joruney to seek out revenge on your familys assassins begins. No more, no less.I bought the game on Steam summersale 2016 for €5(+ €4 more for the DLCs). If Fable Anniversary was my first Fable game, I would give a bad rating, because Fable Anniversary isnt any more than a mediocre game to be honest. But as I've played the other games and really loved them, I'm able to see behind the flaws. Im glad I bought it at a saleprice.If you're a fan of RPGs, its a must-buy, but dont expect alot of it. If RPGs isnt your niche, dont get it."
76561198283949124,Recommended,288470,29843238,Posted: 11 February,all,SurfSpaniel,My dogs like the music.
,Recommended,288470,24074402,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Warhart,awesome game
76561198170542158,Recommended,288470,24179744,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Charlot,"I never got the chance to play this game back in the days. Thought I give it a shot when the game was only 5 bucks during the summersale.Fable Anniversary is a great way to get familair with the franchise. So far I have 6 hours in the game and I can see why people hype over Fable! It is lots of fun. They don't make RPG's like these anymore. Sure, it is a bit outdated, but if you are a RPG lover you'll love this game. The storyline is cool too.However, I don't really think its worth 30 bucks. The game doesn't fully run smoothly for me, which is kind of annoying.If you like RPG's: Get it when it is on sale :)"
,Recommended,288470,23834745,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jimoth,I like it - looks pretty good and plays well to this day. Definitely better than the original and very fun
,Recommended,288470,24964123,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,A Thin Blue Line,"actually one of the better games ive played in a long time. lots of choices. to sum it up: ""its like skyrim with out the extra ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.""-The Legendary Paladin"
76561198361400680,Recommended,288470,30361661,Posted: 6 March,all,Anger Rot,"If you played fable when it first came out and enjoyed it, this game is definitly for you! amazing rework, fantatstic job on everything and the dlc is pretty sweet aswell! I would recommend waiting for a weekend sale though lol!"
76561198006445850,Not Recommended,288470,16434770,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,RiskitfortheBiskit,"Terrible port. Simply put, do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,288470,16584869,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ff_february,The game has trouble with save point. It saved but it didn't load right. Please fix it.
,Not Recommended,288470,16746304,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nick,Just play the original.
76561198154326859,Not Recommended,288470,17280561,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ExiledBlade,"Waste of money , it's not worth downloading. 0/100"
76561198001460849,Not Recommended,288470,16421739,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NeNNerb,"This game brings back some memories, but after about 5 hours of running just fine on my computer, the game now runs exxtremely slow and choppy. I really just turned the game off, went to sleep, and now it runs so slow I can barely play it at all. I really don't think it is my computer, other games run as they did before. I wish i could keep playing it though."
,Not Recommended,288470,16461045,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,whiteninjaryu,"I would say get the TLC edition if you want to save some money. I've played all the Fables since it came out on the original XBOX and by far Anniversary was a disappointment.You would think with an ""Anniversary"" edition they would add onto TLC (ex: fixing the broken bridge around Greatwood). They did not! All the DLC is useless in purchasing because you can EASILY mod the game to where you can get a Demon Door to give you all of the DLC for FREE.Sure you get slightly improved graphics (which are so glitchy during cutscenes), but can I honestly say this game was a waste of money!Achievements are easy to get....so there's that."
,Not Recommended,288470,16508884,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,More Sly,"As much as I will still play this game for the sake of replaying an awesome game from when I was in elementary school, I can't recommend it for anyone. If you have a disc of the original game just reinstall that! For me this was worth buying on sale for conveinient access and achievments/ trading cards. If you aren't interested in those things stay away. Check out the original game -http://store.steampowered.com/app/204030/.My expectations were a remade game, that means a better port that isn't so obviously made for a console like the original and better graphics all around, that means don't just add new textures and leave everything else the same.Really, if those two things were satisfied I'd be so happy with this rerelease, but they weren't. While visually it's a tad better you still get the same kind of awkward twitching and unemmersive speech from people you saw ten years ago. Those kinds of issues still linger relative to both communication with NPCs and other aspects of the world. Nothing has changed to do with the skill system (which would have brought tears to my eyes if they revamped well) and honestly, everytime I access that menu I'm just reminded how much they did care about the PC port.In short - Fable is a great game. If you haven't played it and this is on sale for the same price as lost chapters get it for the better textures and new armours. If it isn't on sale, get the original which again is herehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/204030/. The game is amazing, but this rerelease is not worth a 40 dollar price tag.Keep an eye on the workshop community. If it gets popular it has the potential to save this game."
,Not Recommended,288470,21147831,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Hoakin Blackforge,"Meh, Console to PC Port, you should avoid."
,Recommended,288470,29578778,Posted: 29 January,all,StoicSwordsman,"Great game. Just as I remember. Used to play this all the time, cant even remember how many times I beat it. Replayed it for nostalgic purposes, and of course, achievements. Wish there was an achievement for beating the game on heroic difficulty without dying."
,Recommended,288470,28031808,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MatticusLong,You cant beat a classic that takes to back. This remaster is one of the better ports I have played.
76561198079747546,Recommended,288470,25947488,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TIPPMANN,"Cheap game , fun game, nothing else to say"
76561198129508991,Recommended,288470,30052416,Posted: 19 February,all,AnubisGodOfJudgement,"I really wish fable two would come out for pc I love fable lost chapters best game Eva probably, the anniversary addition is great really helps with graphics . I appreciate the upgrade cause low graphing really hurt my head and trigger extremely bad migraines . I was borderline triggered by the original not to the point of instant migrain but after a lil while I could feel throbbing in my head. Gam is so awesome I dealt with that xD. Any way I'm begging for fable 2 for the pc please steam hellllp with that I would love u for ever steam...even more then I already do xD I would 110% recommend this game to any one  every time I get the chance"
,Not Recommended,288470,12293278,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Only­Fails,"Game mechanics are good, story is meh but the game play needs to be designed from scratch.Long winded tutorials, fetch quests like they are going out of style, in consistent boss hit boxes, game sometimes wants to be a stealth game before getting bored of it and the stealth mechanic is usless because the AI is random and no pattern can be processed leaving the player frustrated and bored until they either give up and play something else or die from a stroke at the heart attack that is this game."
76561198175445865,Not Recommended,288470,24528918,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,freefood024,it's combat is fun until you reach god mode a third of the way through the gameit's choice to be good or bad is interesting until you relize it dosn't really effect the storythe game feels empty most of the time
,Not Recommended,288470,16650074,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BlackRockSSS,"Once you start the game, you can understand why I DO NOT recommand this.CG= Low QualityThe charactor looks really weird.Ctrl=StiffPlayability=MediumPrice(34.99USD)=NOT Worth AT ALLThe charactor looks really weird. (It's really important so I repeated)I have a NIVIDIA GTX 960 but I CANNOT play it trippingly.My CPU- Intel core i7-4700AND the FPS=15"
76561198125057658,Not Recommended,288470,16819063,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,bravewolf59,"The fishing pole will not catch fish, and it's necessary to get through Lychfield cemetary. You have to reel in a sheild and you can't, it's a malfunction of the game. It was fun till there, but it's hard to quit part way through.Disapinting!"
,Not Recommended,288470,16917730,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,nathanwagenet,"I feel a little bad giving this a thumbs-down, because I don't strongly dislike it... but I probably wouldn't give it above about a 7.5/10, and to me, that deserves a thumbs down. I never played the original Fable games myself, but I remember seeing friends play them and they looked like they'd be a lot of fun, so when this went on sale a few weeks ago, I thought, ""Hey, I should check this out!""In some ways, I'm glad I did. I got 25 solid hours out of it, for $8.74—which is not great, but is also not bad. But then I hit a wall. I'm the kind of person who has to get all the achievements in every game I play. I played WoW for, like, three or four months (most of it during Mists of Pandaria) and got about 85% of the achievements that the entire game had to offer, to give you an idea of how I play games. And for most of the game, Fable was working just fine.But once I beat the game on the standard difficulty, I ran into some problems. There were a couple missing achievements (like beating Whisper without getting hurt) that I hadn't even noticed in time to get them on my original playthrough, so I figured I could just go through on Heroic and take care of those. I got that one, but found around the same time that hitting three enemies with a single flourish is essentially impossible to do on purpose, and I hadn't had it happen on accident throughout my entire Normal run. Likewise, there was the achievement for getting all the hero dolls that seems like it's going to be nearly impossible to do, without just sinking hours and hours into it in hopes of getting lucky. That's not how achievements should work, I'd say.And then there's Heroic difficulty. It started out just fine. I got through the training, ventured out to Bowerstone, did the first few quests, and then tried to make my way through Greatwood Lake. First I ran into an Earth Troll. ""Uh oh,"" I thought. ""This could be pretty difficult to beat on Heroic."" But with some careful dodging, I took it down—only to run into three bandits who had such an incredibly high amount of health that I couldn't even take *one* down with ALL of my MP into lightning AND all the crossbow firing I could get out before they caught up to me and killed me.Now, I don't think I'm bad at this game. I made it through Normal without EVER dying. But I tried this same spot of Heroic three or four times and had the same result each time, despite gaining some experience from each of the failed attempts before dying, and then using it to boost some of my stats. I would have had to spend an inordinate amount of time grinding experience to just get past three random bandits in Greatwood Lake, much less that first Balverine you come across in the swamp area. This seems like poor scaling to me, and essentially made me quit the game.It wasn't the only thing that pushed me in that direction, though. I thought the Good/Evil system was pretty good for a while. I went through all of Normal trying to make the most Good decisions possible, because I'm a good little boy. Then I found out that Good players just don't get as many options or as much good stuff as Evil players. It's quite limited, and I object to that design as well.All in all, this game does have quite a few things going for it, and it has an overall enjoyable game style. That's why I'd give it about a 7.5/10. But no higher."
,Not Recommended,288470,19441550,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Reality.,Constant crashes and no sound at some points not worth it  :/
76561198120782473,Recommended,288470,28923853,Posted: 1 January,all,WohsEdis,"My first RPG, and favorite."
76561198047489694,Recommended,288470,13022298,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Armech,"Other than the nightmarish inventory/status screen design, it is a nice, slightly updated trip down memory lane."
,Recommended,288470,29613708,Posted: 31 January,all,BernaDeBosKikker,Great game with great story.Got lost so many times but its great10/10
76561198051377808,Not Recommended,288470,14524090,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Zacsterrr,"Lionhead could've done way better remaking this classic compared to the guys that did such a poor job on this awesome game.The model for the hero just looks awful, the colors of everything just seem to be washed out & dull compared to the original.The original game animations just look awful with the new models.It has a awesome HD graphics engine I'll give it that.I actually regret spending $10 on this game & I can't even imagine how other people probably feel that spent $60 on this game before it eve came out.Do yourself a favor & buy Fable The Last Chapters it'll be worth your money."
76561198004270088,Not Recommended,288470,12125211,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Deathhell,"Way too many bugs, Can't even start main menu without crashing. Menu system and controls are terrible. What a mess, only good thing was the graphics."
76561198136885896,Recommended,288470,28089317,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,pz_plumb,i love this game its my favorite game of all time i highly recomend it.
,Recommended,288470,16823154,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Arty,"Fable: Anniversary Review:I personally like the game, however it does have it's issues.PROS:Great StoryChoices are very optionalMultiple endingsThe ability to be known for your choices (Being good or bad)The ability to interact with NPC'sDecent bosses and enemiesMultiple weapons, armor sets and potions to use and equipA range of things to do besides the story (Side quests, games, arena ect)CONS:Rather sloppy port from consoleCharacter jitters when the camera is movedDoesn't feel like you have full control over your characterOdd shaped character models (I think it was intentional, its in all of the fables')As you progress the game is a little... ""Too easy""To easy to make gold / Items are too cheapThe inablilty to jump (They've made ways around it, still annoying)The amount of mindless walking to undiscovered locationsThose are the main points I could make, I do have low hours (Only 20) But I've played it multiple times (Selecting different options each playthrough) on different accounts / consoles. If you agree - or disagree, with my review, please do recommend it. Or not, either way- please rate.Thanks!iAdaptable"
76561198122224959,Recommended,288470,34342015,Posted: 18 August,all,baconman35,"Is a great game would recommend, it's a game that you'll  play again and again."
76561198066679370,Recommended,288470,16677537,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,OswalD,You can beat up little snot nosed kids.
,Recommended,288470,28928244,Posted: 1 January,all,Phaden,9/10
,Recommended,288470,28304293,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"I loved this game when it first came out on Xbox and put many hours into it; I enjoyed this ported version (supporting gamepad input) just as much, and it gave me a chance to play The Lost Chapters expansion. Definitely worth playing! *****"
76561197993499758,Recommended,288470,28266000,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Hooipolooi,This game just brings me back home. Love it
76561198125755876,Not Recommended,288470,15836451,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Abyss,What a let down. Lost chapters was better!
76561198065433586,Recommended,288470,16414837,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,TheRealNorr,"Its amazing being able to play this game again after 8 ish years, and now its HD and improved, The only thing i can say is Thank You!But i dont recommend it to people that have never heard of it since this game is originalley Extremley old.but even to this day i think this game is one of the best games i have ever played.Personal rating: 9,9/10"
,Recommended,288470,17266019,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,TheSweMaster,"Fable Anniversary is a great game with much better graphics than the original Fable, But you should also give this game a try if you are new the series.+ You can make your own choices in being Good or Bad and the best part is that the sotry adapts with your choices wich makes the game have a great replayablity, because you want to try all the chioces. I have tried all choices in the game and with every choice you make there is always a something new to find out. This is what got me hooked on the game at the start.+ Story is great and the lore in the world of Ablion is good.+ The voice actors and the dialoge are great, This makes it really worth doing all the Quests because you want to know more about them or the story.+ The large variety of creatures in the world Albion are great with special abilities and combat styles to beat them, Though it gets a bit repeditive at the end when you have seen them all.+ The scaling of the combat and your Hero is great, if you want to rush trought the game it is gonna be hard, but if you take your time and learn more about the game.+ The are alot of extra Quests apart from the story that are great and will make you explore the things are Areas in the world witch you haven't seen yet.+ Boss fights in this game a great are unforgettable, and hard enough so that you need to have a stragery to beat them, if you don't know any OP combos that could make so the the fights really short.+ Nostagia, If you you have played this game before and wants to relive some of your emotions from the past.Just do it, the game won't dissapoint you.-+ The combat it self are Good but lacks more depths. It does have great variety but you will probably just stick the a few combos that are OP, But you could always roleplay and be and Archer, Warrior or magician if that is what you want.- Controlls from mouse and keyboard as default are awfull. I recomend using a controller or rebind the key so you feel comfortable. The Magic Scroll trought spells system is just a joke for the mouse, DON'T use it, assign the spells and skills you use the most to your hotbar or you will get frustrated.- The new graphics are poorly optimized but have been getting MUCH better with the updates to the game. If you have played alot of the original the you will be dissapointed by how ugly some of the heroes look compared to what I remember from the original. Jack of blades face and your face when you are a little boy.- Menu and inventory layout it BAD, It takes way to long to get used to find things in the inventory. Which might make some people not use it and when you have you will miss some of the quests because you will need to use thing from your inventory to figure out how to solve the quest.So, Is this game worth 32€?Almost, It is just like the the original game but with better graphics and I would say that the gameplay is a bit outdated.But when it gets to sale for 20€ or less this game is worth your money. ^^"
76561198031829201,Not Recommended,288470,12230274,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Eradicator503,"I must say this game port is a good example of lazy devs making  money off an unfinished game. this game is in need of some serious bug testing (Videocard testing please! dammnit!). The latest update for the game completely broke my game, and it still can't get it to work after hours searching the fable community. It crashes on start telling me i dont have enough memory to play (im like WTF i just played Battlefield 4 on this laptop! ). The game is great when it is playing, i would highly recommend waiting on this one though until the  dev get all the bugs out (Nvidia video cards, crashing, stuttering etc). Also you should play this game with a gamepad or xbox controller it will save you a headache. I am mostly sad that i feel like i payed $40 for a game that feel like it is still in beta. Aside from those complaints this game is a classic and if you have not played it yet, you should pick it up ( the original game is super cheap now), but i would just go with the original  lost chapters edition at this point unless your a grahpic hore and don't mind the bugs you will find or experiance in the newest edition.Note: (I have a 12GB ram pc with a Nvidia GTX770 videocard on a windows 8 OS)If you dont have a Nvidia card you probably wont experiance the same pains as me! XD"
76561198054631886,Not Recommended,288470,13508190,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,r_b155,"Game lags, tried to fix it but didnt work."
76561198006546595,Not Recommended,288470,12075952,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,r0ffe,"This game is pure BS...The controlls truly and utterly sucks.. As far as I can tell, you cant even use the inventory screen. And to boot, the ♥♥♥♥ing thing stalls up at certain times.."
76561198025596010,Recommended,288470,27475896,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Obry,Farted on someone to get Good alignment. 10/10 more morally ambiguous than The Witcher 3.
76561198021318066,Recommended,288470,27505125,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rockybalbrophy,BEST GAME EVER MADE!
,Not Recommended,288470,12211518,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Pigmice,"Same great game overall, but with awful keyboard/mouse support. New update makes it better but still no menu support. Also missing the Trader in Knothole Glade with the DLC gear so you're not getting everything you paid for there. Until these things are fixed, get Fable:TLCs and save $25."
,Not Recommended,288470,12107542,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Denjinae,Wow good going guys no mouse support in menus and i dont own a controller since you know im using a pc not a console... DON'T BUY THIS UNLESS YOU HAVE A CONTROLLER... Unless you want to play this game with the starting equipment lol =/
,Not Recommended,288470,12079511,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,DsyelxicBob (´・ω・`),It looks flashy and it runs alright but you can't use a mouse and keyboard in the menus. You have to use arrow keys and literally press the 'A' and 'B' keys to go forward and back... Not Enter and Esc or '>' and '<' but the ♥♥♥♥ing letters A and B... Also to navigate the inventory you need to use 'Insert' and 'Home' to scroll left and right and 'Delete' and 'End' to do the same on the lower level...They chose 'mod support' (texture and animation editing only) over being able to use a mouse on a ♥♥♥♥ing PC port!
,Not Recommended,288470,12082570,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,SkipperSFMcDs,"I want to, oh how do I want to, but I can't write a positive review for this. It runs fine, the graphics are nice, but here's the thing...You don't play a game for graphics, I don't care who you are but if you give a positive review for this game, I'm calling bs. I'll give a few pros and cons that I have encountered in playing this.Pros:Graphics are better than the origional/Lost chapters.DLC stuff (Trust me I'm scraping the bottom of the barrel with these pros for this game)Personal Pro: You can dress up as a guard and beat up people with a Lute, I love that.Personal Pro: It stays true to the story/doesn't add extra bs to an already told story that isn't needed.Now for the Cons:Buggy menus, I cannot tell you how many people I've talked to where its impossible to buy certian items cause, when I press down on my keyboard, it would instantly snap back up. I am forever Chicken Chaser with a normal haircut and normal beard cause of this. Hopefully this will be fixed one day but as for now, not happy. One other thing I nearly forgot, you have to have at least one item in one of the equipment tab if you accedently buy too much and you want to sell a few back. Sell all your sellable items in one of the tabs and you won't be able to get back into it without exiting the traider's menu and retalking to them, which if it was any proof in the origional Fable or The Lost Chapters, they usually decided to talk your ears off before you could talk to them agian, leaving you to simply wave till they shut up.The animations are daited and it shows. Sure, The mouths move more naturally but holy ♥♥♥♥ you have one of those demon children stare at you or one of those really stiff guards talk to you its almost like your in a world filled with robots.Buggy Combat, I found this out fighting wisper and the wasp queen. I would hit wisper several times then suddenly she decided she didn't want to be hurt anymore, actually blocking some strong attacks till I eased up on her and decided to put away then requip my sword, giving her a free hit on me in the process. The wasp queen was a diffrent story, after hitting her several times with my Crossbow, suddenly she was invinceible to it and I couldn't use it anymore, even after unequipping and requpping the crossbow, thank god they start you out with lighting as a spell, though I nearly died to her cause of this. Agian, may be fixed, but I never once got hit in the origional fable unless I made the mistake of trying to block a power shot, or my mana shield went down. Not. Happy.Now I understand that's four pros and Three cons, but keep in mind that two of those Pros are personal and those cons are pretty damn big. Let me put it how I explained to my friends about the Fable franchise.Fable, the origional fable, was a nice girl, and when she told me about The Lost Chapters, she was very ""adult"" when she talked about it, we still call eachother sometimes, but we've moved on.Fable two was the kind of party girl, the perfect girlfriend who had everything almost completely perfect, even with how she ended. we still hang out on weekends and she still knows I LOVE the blunderbuss/Greataxe combo and her jokes never fall flat for me.Fable three is the girl that forced me to play by her rules with her guns and weapons, a cruel woman who would usually tell me I have to be evil to get the most out of my weapons. I told her no, we don't talk anymore.I have never met Fable Journey, so I will not say anything about her till I have.Fable Anniversary is a tart that trys to act like Fable, saying that she's better looking. Sure, she's better looking, but she acts way too much like Fable that, honestly, it makes me sad that I decided to actually buy her things thinking that she would also act better when its quite clear she doesn't. I'm not planning on talking to Anniversary and I'm going to talk with Fable.TL;DR I am an idiot and I do not like this game, buy the origional fable, fall in love with Fable two, but don't buy three or Anniversary. If you really wanna try it, get it as a gift, you'll feel less like you waisted your money if you do."
76561197991246612,Not Recommended,288470,12092602,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,AssaultPenguin,"I want my money back.  This is another example of a crappy PC port.  Could have been great but the designers just didn't care about supporting the PC interface.  The keyboard and mouse don't work on the menus at all.  Once started up you can't even shut the game down without a controller!  I dug one out, dusted it off, installed the drivers - and found out that you can't configure the keyboard/mouse controls once you do select them.  Having wasted an hour and $35 dollars I'm walking away from this and playing something else.  What a ripoff."
,Not Recommended,288470,12093628,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Ridicurous Rob,"Feels just like the original, with all same system problems as before. I hope that they do something to fix it. There are so many people who are fans hoping for an updated version. It seems that they fixed nothing but making it HD. =/"
,Not Recommended,288470,12097238,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,DyerMoan,"The game looks okay graphicly (and the game play is the same so far as I can tell) , but the port Is awful! You have to use the arrow keys to navigate the main/ options menus and the ""A/B"" keys to select things. This shows almost 0 effort to accommodate for PC users at all and tells me that they were too lazy to change the controller schemes over. This IS PC we have mice, let us use them or at least bind ""okay"" to enter! It does, however have rebindable keys (only one set though) but this will not recognise any extra keys you may have on you mouse or keyboard unlike the old port (also in steam) were you were free to use any extra buttons.on top of this for some unknown reason I was unable to bind to ""TAB"" ( I only tried the auto targeting[default ""Space""] so it may work elsewhere however it seems ""TAB"" is defaulted to chat which I find disorientating ) it did seem to register the button but just flashed red instead of using it.As for the new graphics, they are fairly good but seem washed out and not as bright as they should. (after some fiddling I found that you can correct this by reducing the gamma) That being said, I do have issue with the character models, they look like there from TF2 (very cartoony) and it ruined the feel of the game for me. To me the game was like Skyrim is now. It was not dark per-say, more rustic and I feel that this is lost in the remake, however this is a personal gripe and not a big issue.As for performance,I run a moderate rig (SSD hard drive and a GTX 660 on a 27 inch 1080p acer monitor) and cranked right up to max I get minor lag (25-34 FPS according to audacity) so I feel the optimisation of the game is good if not great.All in all I think that it is amazing to think that the OLD port is better than the new one in many ways, the graphics do stand up today too if a bit low res, in my opinion. Its sad to see games like this are still coming out from MAJOR companies In this day and age and they will keep happening if we just ignore poorly designed game ports like this."
,Not Recommended,288470,12085877,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,BLACK808,THIS GAME WAS A WASTE OF MY MONEY. IT FREEEZES CONSTANTLY AND IS UNPLAYABLE!
,Not Recommended,288470,12086162,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,sonOfRa,"As of right now, I cannot recommend this game. The graphics are a little polished compared to the original, but that's about it. One notices that this is a console port, they even left the menu buttons the same as on the xbox controller. Navigating a menu with A B Y X on an XBox controller works just fine, but on a keyboard, it's an absolute nightmare. The (then-)beautiful cutscenes weren't re-created at a higher resolution, so they look really blurry on a Full-HD display. Too bad, was kind of looking forward to this."
76561198096707215,Not Recommended,288470,12092489,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,*QcFr* QuebecLatour,wait for the fix of the mouse in the menuthey need to work on the game and fix thing
,Not Recommended,288470,12110230,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Artielon,"Fable Anniversary not for the PC,i rather play lost chapter with actully i think i would like to have lost chapter rather than this♥♥♥♥♥♥if you are porting a game to PC than Make it for Mouse and Keyboard not crap like copy and paste xbox control,if i wanted to play with xbox i would buy a xbox to play it,i feel cheated and hope others not  fall for the same crap.EditI would like to point out even tho there is improvement with recent patch i guess as someone who have too much expectation in this i was let down, new player might see this game as just fine tho, so it's upp to debate which you like a updated Fable Anniversary or Fable the lost chapter, either way it's good story i hope you enjoy"
,Not Recommended,288470,12145665,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Mr. Tux,"Don't ignore the other reviews as I did. Anniversary edition is NOT worth it, in MY opinion. The graphics, are not even better. I am looking at this game and wondering if they even spent more than a days worth of work, tons of stuff still looks like it was made in 2004. I do not recommend this, because it is exactly the same as The Lost chapters, which was an incredible game, one that i played several times now. This just felt like  a way to get us all to buy the same exact game again, ""instead its HD"" in my opinion, the game does not even look much better. I personally prefer the games graphics from 2004, it had more of a Fable feel to me. I'm disappointed that i purchased this, I am happy to support Lionhead, but they could at the very least put some effort it. This game runs the same, it is true, it feels the same, which is true, Is there a point in buying it when it practically looks the same? I didn't expect graphics that are of todays ""AAA"" standard, but i expected more than what we got with this game. Lionhead makes a good game, but not a game you should buy twice. Don't waste your money, stick with the original, its alot better."
,Not Recommended,288470,12083335,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,wrenchell,Horrible console port.  Just play TLC instead.
,Not Recommended,288470,12082097,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Eviltyphoon,"Shoddy PC port of a console ""HD"" remake. No mouse control in menus anywhere in the game. Inventory and shop menus have been ruined compared to the 9!!! year old Fable: TLC pc version.If you want to play fable with keyboard and mouse, decent menus, pretty good graphics (for a 9!!! year old game), get the original Fable: TLC for pc.If you really want to desperatly play fable with a controller, then sure, get this. Otherwise, stay away."
76561198000636096,Not Recommended,288470,12093174,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Emberstorm,"Game stutters and freezes regularly.  Throughout the first quest (buying your sister a birthday present), the frame rate consistently drops to 1, getting progressively worse. When I gave the chocolates to my sister the game was completely unplayable, and froze with looping audio.I can't even play a ten year old game. Would like a refund if this isn't fixed."
,Not Recommended,288470,12094466,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Loraliel,"I'm not going to write a conventional review on this game but I will leave my thoughts after playing it for about an hour.WARNING: This will be a rant in most places, but I will do my best.What I liked:- The Nostalgia: This is the reason I bought the game, and in most places, it delivered, at least aesthetically.- The Graphics: This is a bit of a double-edged sword... They look impressive enough (certainly an upgrade) but there are issues.What I disliked:- The Voice Acting: This is only a small point I suppose, but something miffed me about it... Much of this has remained from the original game, which is fine, absolutely fine, but the very first opening cutscene seems to have been re-recorded or remastered or they've done something to it, and it sounds terrible. The actor does not sound enthusiastic about this heroic tale that is about to unfold, and not only that, the sound quality is awful. Not sure if it's a problem on my end but it wasn't terrific, and for an opening cutscene I would expect something to excite me about indulging in my nostalgia and playing one of my favourite childhood games again, but in HD - the concept grabbed me and I threw my wallet at them, I really wish I hadn't now and spent it on something else, and I will explain why in the next point.- The Menu, Inventory, etc......... : I have no idea who designed this menu, but I do not think they were human. It is just so fiddly, so much so that it irritates me too much to even want to play the game. You can assign things, sure, but doing that takes some real jiggery-pokery, a little too much if you ask me. It's like trying to crack the da vinci code, when all I want is to eat an apple pie from my potions and produce tab. It has NO MOUSE OPTIMISATION. This is the big one everyone is talking about and I feel it needs to be heard. The original game had perfectly fine mouse optimisation. To call the game a HD remake and not have mouse optimisation is absolutely mind blowing to me. I know HD more so focuses on the graphics, but if its a testament to the original, I would expect everything to be in place that was originally, such as being able to use your mouse to select things in a menu... When I loaded the game up I was all excited to get stuck in, but my heart sank when I tried to use my mouse and realised I could not. That was the point where I realised that this would be a bad port, and it was from the very start.- The Options Menu: You are able to keybind some things... When you actually get into the game, mind you. But not the attack function, block function or anything important... The controls are fine for me, as I said previously. I can get on with them fine, it's a perfect setup for me. But for other people that's probably not the case, it's definitely something that should be there, why? Because Fable: The Lost Chapters had it. You could keybind anything.It's a terrible port at the moment. I really hope that a patch is released to make things easier for people who want to enjoy it on their PCs with a keyboard and mouse. I enjoyed Fable: The Lost Chapters perfectly fine on my PC, in fact I have done at least 4 seperate playthroughs of the game because I enjoyed it that much. This was one of my main childhood games. I feel as if its ruined, all because of this console focus they have gone with. ""Play it with a controller"" some people are saying - no. Why should I? If you're going to release a PC port of a game, do it right. I play on a PC. If I wanted to play it on a console I'd buy the console version of the game. I don't.The Graphics: As mentioned before, there are issues. Nothing major, the graphics do look okay to me. They didn't exactly blow me away, but they are certainly an upgrade, which I appreciate. I am not technically minded about this kind of thing, so forgive me for my simplistic manner of explaining it. There appears to be blur on some of the models. Yup. It's like blurry textures, and eventually they fade back to being detailed again. Its weird. It's only a small thing, it doesn't bother me that much, but the fact that they can't even get the graphics 100% right and they're calling this HD makes me laugh. Oh yeah, and the graphics options do not give you much freedom to do anything either.At this point I am terribly disappointed and would not recommend to any like-minded PC gamers like myself. If you can enjoy the game with a console controller, fine. You will probably have a blast, but that menu is enough for me to put this game down until it gets fixed, if it gets fixed."
76561198004432006,Not Recommended,288470,12078654,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,KingODuckingham,"A slick new interface, the description says.  My God, I thought, if there's one thing the Fable game needed, it's an updated interface.  And hey, the updated graphics are another thing that looks pretty slick.  I was so excited, this is one of the only games I've ever preordered.I load up the game, and try to click on ""New Game"".  NOPE, CANT CLICK ANYTHING.A bad sign.  It gets worse though.  I couldn't even click on inventory and its associated menus.  Not only that, I have to use insert, delete, home, and end to get around those menus.Could there be a less intuitive way to navigate?  I submit that there could NOT.  I haven't been so disappointed in a game purchase since Restaurant Empire 2."
,Not Recommended,288470,12079471,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Oddity,"As much as I love the game - both the original xbox version and the later released TLC, this Anniversary edition is not worth the money - yet.Coming off just finishing TLC again a few months ago, I honestly don't think the new textures are all that much of an improvement. Sadly, that was the main grab for most of us. Imagine TLC with a higher polygon count, and that's what we are dealing with for the most part. There is a bit more detail on the armor, however the charater models seem to somehow look even worse. These graphics may have been mid-end 5 years ago.Playing with a 360 controller, the new menu seems a bit clunky and the camera is definitely wobbly. Never bothered with KB+M, but I can definitely see why it is frustrating. Many of the glitches and issues from the original xbox release 10 years ago are still prevalent, unfortunately. Nothing game-breaking, but animations are far from smooth and the new combat system is not what I would call 'intuitive'.One of the things that really disappoints me is how simple the achievements are. Nearly every achievement outside of the story-related ones give you two ways to attain it, making them all incredibly easy. ""Unlock all demon doors... Or flip the bird at one locked one"" is hardly anything to be proud of.Hopefully the devs step up to the plate and fix some of the more severe issues, such as the KB+M compatibility. I'd love to see some additional content and better textures, but if they didn't do it while 'developing' this re-release, I can't se it happening now. Maybe the modding community can have a go at it.. Regardless, I will play this through. Still love the game, would happily recommend it to someone who has never played Fable before, but not in it's current state and NOT at $35."
,Not Recommended,288470,12099611,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Isemat,"If this game was a chicken, it would be a chicken that looks cooked from the outside, but is still raw on the inside.(Buggy, too expensive. Kinda like most Early Access games..except y'know. Its ""finished"""
,Not Recommended,288470,12122867,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,MF | DohItAgain,"The gameplay has not aged anywhere near as well as one would hope; and the Anniversary edition does little to fix that.  Beyond some clunky control issues; there's some very clear art direction issues that wind up with a world that, while technically superior, sports worse character models and design amplified by a terrible new lighting system that seems to show off all the flaws.If you liked the original Fables : TLC - stick with that; you'll find nothing new here."
,Not Recommended,288470,12086555,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Yozr,"This is like a perfect example of what could've gone wrong if a pc version was an afterthought.No mouse support, numerous amount of issues, terrible interface and some questionable graphical 'upgrades' such as facial expressions, let's face it most of the time they are pretty confusing at best, i have no problem buying it, since you know fable:tlc is still one of my favorite games up to date, the only reason for me to buy this is that i couldn't do it back in the day, so here i am 9 years later paying my respect to the awesomeness that is fable:tlc.Also the trade between mouse support and mod support which is according to some sources is not even remotely good, is like trading your skin for a jacket to cover it, best decision of 2014,bravo.So unless you are under a heavy load of nostalgia and don't have a problem playing the game with a gamepad, don't even bother, it's simply not worth your money and the original version is far,far superior, yeah, that one,which is 9 years old."
,Not Recommended,288470,12111882,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Juandissimo,Nearly impossible to play with mouse and keyboard and the graphics look almost the same as they did 10 years ago.
,Not Recommended,288470,12081401,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,The Least,"A cheap, lazy port of a port that is functionally inferior to Fable - The Lost Chapters... unless all you wanted was Controller support, in which case this is everything you were looking for."
,Not Recommended,288470,12083033,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,AridLegion,"I would not reccomend purchasing this over Fable TLC.  The lack of mouse support in the menues is one thing, but really the visual improvement isn't anything to rave about either.The time they spent on this would've been better used giving us a port of Fable 2."
76561197977183354,Not Recommended,288470,12087215,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Archaos,"I was never much of a fan of the sequals, however the first Fable and its expansion will always be one of my favorite games, one that i'll never get bored of. When I heard that there was a game that was exactly the same but with a graphics/physics update I thought great! Pre-ordered it without a second though. I've been quite disapointed with it though. Considering the graphics are the ONLY update to the game, which is priced at a hefty £26.99 I was expecting amazing graphics, although the graphics are better than its predesessor, they are by no means impressive. Rocky terrain is still completely smooth, and the game for some reason is quite blurry. Not even close to being worth £26.99. The game is also an obvious console port. You have to use the keyboard to navigate the menu's which can be quite frustrating and you are unable to bind the keys to the mouse, for the price tag its unacceptable and just lazy. I've already had an unrecoverable crash.If you are a die hard Fable fan im sure you will buy this anyway. If you havnt played before, I suggest waiting until the game is at a more reasonable price. In conclusion this is a slight graphics update, with a lazy console port feel and leaves the impression that the developers just wanted to make a bit of easy money from a known title."
76561198035847111,Not Recommended,288470,12089797,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Bisgo,"One step forward, 10 steps back pretty much sums up this retexture.Unfortunately this is a rather poor Xbox One port, that removes all of the good aspects of the original Lost Chapters PC version. Mouse functionality is no longer available in menus, instead navigation is controlled though the Home, End, Insert & Delete keys. You then make a selection using the ""A"" (!?) key.Whilst basic key rebinding is available, the main abilities are locked and cannot be reasssigned - block and dodge are both set to the mouse wheel which makes combat really fiddly for mouse and keyboard. The control scheme was clearly designed for use with an Xbox  controller.The game seems to use built in FXAA that cannot be toggled off, which gives the game a blurry, unfocused look hiding a large amount of the  higher resolution textures.Until large improvements are patched into this game, save your money and play the arguably much better original that was actually designed to be played on the PC."
,Not Recommended,288470,12090350,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Bible-Bashing Robot Assassin,It's a crappy console port. The original has better support for mouse and keyboard. Ridiculous.
76561198021082304,Not Recommended,288470,12091091,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Basett,I'm a sucker for shiny things and i hate myself for preordering this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009295989,Not Recommended,288470,12092001,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,OHMYGODWHATISTHAT,The interface is horrifically bad; there is no mouse control in the menus at all and A/B are still accept and back. There was no effort put into this port at all.Tthe aesthetic is ruined; many characters actually look worse than in TLC.Do not buy this game; The Lost Chapters is way better and way cheaper.
76561198024109591,Not Recommended,288470,12102812,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Kraygu,"Essentially a £20 texture pack. The graphical difference isn't that much better, any amateur modder could have made this. Also there are bugs and glitches that weren't in the original game, seriously how do you f*** that up? Save your money and buy the lost chapters."
76561198051124194,Not Recommended,288470,12117442,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,trkncoffee,Game only half works using keyboard and mouse many screens will not open cannot change weapons or outfits or power up in guild most things only open 1 screen and not all of the others no view of inventory many other problems yet to be fixed
76561197970537669,Not Recommended,288470,12085430,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,gameovr_2d4,I loved Fable and since I traded my xbox 360 in this was a great opportunity to relive it with updated graphics.  I've only been able to play for a short while but the bugs and lack of options are ridiculous for this kind of title.  No mouse support in menus blurry graphics and dark muddy textures.  Audio and graphical glitches popping up everywhere.  This could be a lot of fun but it needs a seriously good patch.
,Not Recommended,288470,12152272,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Lycanthro1433,"Fable Anniversary offer no noticable improvements over the flawed but charming original. Furthermore, wonky camera, unless alternate views (first person bow mode, WTF where they thinking!?) and totally disfunctional Z-lock style target make arcade style combat, formally Fable's greatest asset into a frustrating mess. The ""HD Graphics"" offer little noticible improvement over the original, and absolutely no improve over the sequals. And through all of this, the pointless utterly superficial ""morality"" system remains pointless and utterly superficial. And the barely there story line remains barely there. Countless titles have been released since Fable which actually suceed in doing what Fable tried and failed to do upon release. This remake was the perfact oppurtunity but completely missed oppurtunity to step it up. Instead, what we got was a too little, too late re-release of a 10 year old broken game."
,Not Recommended,288470,12079983,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Bageese,"I never played Fable 1 and was really looking forward to finally playing it. I load it up and the cinematics are incredibly buggy with the audio breaking down and eventually cutting out in the cinematics, and grinding my computer to a halt.  The cinematics haven't been remastered or even upscaled and were a very low resolution. Gameplay seemed solid enough in the 20 minutes I played using an xbox one controller connected via USB to the computer. Though I cannot recommend anyone buy this game until the cutscenes are fixed."
,Not Recommended,288470,12095905,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Kaam0s,"0/5A long term fan of Fable , and now, a disappointed one..I remember the magical xmas I got my first Fable for my Xbox. I was excited, I locked myself into my room and pulled an all nighter, I was blissful. Happy memories about Fable II and Fable III as well.So needless to say I was jumping up and down when I finally heard Lionhead would be bringing the Anniversary to PC, I immediately pre-ordered it and started counting the days, so this weekend when I finally got to launch it I had chills down my spine as I saw the old intro's and heard the old familiar voices and music..but my enjoyment came to a bitter end, as soon as I started looking for my free DLC that should've been included in the Pre-purchase bonus, not the fact that I still haven't found it, but the _AWFUL_, _HORRIBLE_ straight from console to pc-port they made, I mean, I'm just disgusted, They could've atleast made some kind of mouse and keyboard support, I feel robbed.You seriously can't convert the whole game straight from console to PC, what the hell were they thinking?They listened to  us  fans like no other gaming company before, but then failed us by rushing it without making any changes into it, I mean c'mon Lionhead, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.."
76561198019910044,Not Recommended,288470,12102080,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Ackranome,"This game is not that amazing.The stoiry line is fine.  You can do a lot of things with the world.  It is the idea of good choices versus bad choices but the choices are basically black and white and none of them have much permancce.The ""best items"" in the game are pretty easy to get.  Once you have them - there isn't much else to consider.I'd recommend going ""magic"" as the path of choice.  It gets very annoyning later in the game where everything is constantly blocking your melee attacks.Magic is pretty boring early on.  You basically target and hold down the magic button.Money is the ""most useful"" thing in the world as far as causing something to happen - and basically you need 100,000's of gold to buy up houses that pay back very little.The most creative thing in the game is marrying someone and having sex I suppose.  Back in the early 2000's that was probably a new and interesting thing outside of GTA.It isn't worth more than 10 dollars in my opinion so save your money."
76561198055221704,Not Recommended,288470,12110155,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,YOU JUAN SOME!,"The only reason i bought this games was for the nostalgic value. The graphics are barely improved (except for faces),menue options are one of the worst options ,home to go left and end to go down a tab (not bindable). the randomly laggys when i have a deccent pc. no effort to change key bindings from a console setting. aside from all that this game was fun because its fable."
,Not Recommended,288470,12180759,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Jack Of Pages,"As a longtime fan of the original Fable, I had really hoped that this Anniversary edition would have been a way to reminisce about the good old days of being called ""Chicken Chaser"" before violently hacking a snide civilian to bits.  Sadly, this version fails to impress on all levels.  Flawed from the very first time you load up the start menu, you'll find yourself drowning in frustration instead of nostalgia.  The lack of a mouse support and the awful navigation of ins/del/home/end is just LAZY on the dev team's part.  If you still own a copy of the original or TLC, do yourself a favor and just stick with it. I wanted this to be a good port, I truly did, but the fact of the matter is.... It's not.  It is ruined by the laziness of the port team to not even change the control scheme and is banking on everyone who used to love this game shilling out 35 bucks for a nigh unplayable lump of..."
,Not Recommended,288470,12088228,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Joey Jojo,"I can honestly say that I have never been this dissapointed in a game EVER before. Fable anniversary fixes none of the problems the original game had and features a jarringly ugly art style. It does the complete opposite any hd remake shuold, it actually makes you wanna go back to the original Fable. The framerate is also garbage, I have a pretty good computer that can run several games on the highest settings but I suppose it wasnt built to run games programmed by mentally challenged grey apes. This game is not worth anyone's time, not fans of fable and not newcomers; stay the hell away from this unholy abomination."
,Not Recommended,288470,12091135,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,*stubbZ.ಠ_ಠ,CONSOLE PORT AND LOOK IT HAS DLC I'M NOT SAYING THE GAME IS BAD BUT FOR PC STANDARDS THIS COULD BE ALOT BETTER CONSOLES ARE 5 YEARS BEHIND PC OR EVEN 10 IF THAT
76561198060246393,Not Recommended,288470,12078246,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,nateglow,wish i wouldnt of pre orderd horrible upgraded graphics poor sound quality and worst of all no mouse support for any menu for being the first game i bought i steam it will be my last
,Not Recommended,288470,12086758,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Grandpa Option,I could barely play this noise!  I used to love this game to the maximum back when I was a young tyke.  Everything just looks really weird/bad.  I feel like my little dude is floating above the ground.  There's no weight.  Anyways... if you like Fable you won't like this... which is ironic because it is Fable.
,Recommended,288470,16518348,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The Grand Dictator,"Has its flaws, and might require some effort to actually get it to run without lag/stuttering/blur, but there's solutions."
,Recommended,288470,15006935,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,MAM NOWE KONTO/PW,"Game of my childhood. Bought non-steam Fable: The Lost Chapters 5-6 yrs ago. Really recommend this game. After updates it's not crashing. Very funny game, a lot of chickens EVERYWHERE!Its the same game as original Fable, this version just adds some dlcs, hd version and more chickens to kick!Beaten this game after 9.5 hrs.Good game, 9/10"
,Not Recommended,288470,16946767,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Wi11owwo1f,"You better hope you have one powerhouse of a computer to run this game, because there's no way to reduce lag in this game that feels more like a slideshow than an updated version of an amazing RPG.  My computer can run Skyrim, Fallout, and Neverwinter on medium settings perfectly fine, but this game is entirely unplayable from lag."
,Recommended,288470,19474303,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ThunderMcBuffHuge,"23 hours in* playing in offline mode.My first impression was terrible, but that changed pretty quickly. It's fable! The new quest cards are built in well, and the TLC is tacked on the backend well. The graphics are mostly stunning, but there's a few sharp edges that poke out.My only complaint is the same as with any game that came out around that time: the camera sucks. No biggie though. Party like it's 2002."
76561198047290119,Recommended,288470,28792576,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chickenlips,Funny mechanics for an old game
76561198128305702,Recommended,288470,30278276,Posted: 2 March,all,crvuono,the original is where i learned that being bad will make you pale and bald.
76561198255618748,Recommended,288470,30287298,Posted: 2 March,all,Ashleynn,Fable will always have a speial place in my heart. Every aspect of this game is brillant! Acheivements are super easy to earn. I waited till it went on sale to buy but it still worth the 30 something bucks imo...Still waiting for fable 3 to go on steam....
76561198119576311,Not Recommended,288470,14130377,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Tamzar,"Laggy, stuttering mess of a game that is near unplayable. I enjoyed the original but this is an embarrassment to the series."
76561198024563095,Not Recommended,288470,14432879,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Boots,This had so much potential to be gussied up and remade to play and look better. It barely counts as an HD remake. All the character models and animations are still archaic. Some quests are still buggy and broken. The game is fine for a nostalgia trip but ultimately lacking as a worthwhile investment. Pass if you've played Fable...*any* Fable game before. This just feels like a cheap cash-in.
,Not Recommended,288470,13612474,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kyliesaysficken,"This game seems to be completely glitched. Upon starting the game, there are no people in Oakvale. I get no quest, I can't get into my home and I can't find my sister. At this point, I do not recommand the game."
,Recommended,288470,29908403,Posted: 13 February,all,Psy4ofwar,loved fable when I was young feels good to play it again
,Recommended,288470,29707097,Posted: 4 February,all,Majic,Amazing. I have been playing this game since I was a child and I never get bored of it! 10/10
76561198058044338,Recommended,288470,28048567,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tdog Smith,If you loved the original Xbox and Xbox 360 versions this is for you. Amazing fun still to this day!
76561198105328742,Recommended,288470,28081150,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,swanseamichael,"Still a great role playing game, and easy to go back to after tiume and still enjoy it"
,Recommended,288470,29555476,Posted: 28 January,all,Goku,modern ver. of my childhood
,Recommended,288470,27940376,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,HYPIΞ DRΞΞMURR™,its really fun
,Recommended,288470,22980981,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Aisce,"There's no reason to not play this game. If you see it on sale and have the money, just get it. If you like Fable in any way, get it. Seriously. The first Fable was amazing. I may have some sort of sentimental attachment; but even if those feelings weren't there I would honestly say that this was my favorite game growing up.The fact i was able to enjoy this on PC looking better than before is amazing and I'm sad lionhead studios has come to an end. Enough about the BS though.ALL you need to know is if you like Fable, get it. If you're thinking of getting this game, get it. Great game ive spent 16.3 hours on my first playthrough of this game and i did only about 3 sidequests. I'll probably end up putting a lot more time into it."
,Recommended,288470,23817129,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Seth,"Nolstagic memories come back to life in this remastered ""master""piece."
,Recommended,288470,14941844,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Michael,"Despite a rough launch where it was painfully clear that the port was poorly made, a far amount of patches later and the game was ready to go. whats new? DLC mainly which is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The graphics look lovely and the sound as been redone.The gameplay is just like the original fable. I still love the Fable and the gameplay still drew me in. however it also made me want to play fable 2 more. unfortunatlly it was never ported to PC so i will have to play Xbox. worth a buy in my opinion."
76561198030494965,Not Recommended,288470,24204247,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Alpha Blue,"I've been a fan of the Fable series ever since I first played the original, but I can honestly say I'd much rather be playing the Lost Chapters over this ""Anniversary"" edition. While the overhauled graphics are nice, that's really all it has going for it and personally I think it killed a lot of the charm that the original had. What other improvements the game claims to have like the UI looks pretty good but feels very clunky and unoptimized. The save system is a complete mess and if you're not using a controller it just feels like you're playing a lousy port.Overall, I'd say it's definitely not worth the price difference compared to Lost Chapters but the game itself is still a classic and I highly recommend it. If you really have to have the Anniversary edition I suggest holding off til it's got a good sale going."
,Recommended,288470,12380861,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,i_am_aronman,"This is exactly what i have been waiting for, I loved the first fable and the original gameplay but each sequel ""dumbed"" the game down more, which was not a bad thing because the control scheme got much more better but you could not control all the aspects of the game because they were trying to make it simpler. But i already played fable once and I felt that buying The lost chapters did not really warrant me buying a new copy of the game. Then Lionhead announced this game, and I was almost going to pass it up, until I looked into it further. Some people don't seem to appreciate the effort lionhead put into this, they COMPLETELY remade the whole game in a new engine. They had to port all the old textures and remake them into higher definitions which is pretty much saying they made new textures just the same style as the original game. It is not as buggy as the old one is on newer systems as well and thats a plus.TL;DR It is a complete overhaul of a remake, they left no stone unturned. If you liked the original game and never bought the lost chapters you should buy this. If you have the lost chapters, consider if all the bells and whistles are worth the money first.P.S. I also suggest you get a xbox controller to play this game with. It really makes this game shine and works flawlessly."
76561198011483539,Not Recommended,288470,17652173,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,better graphics... not really... not significantly...just save your money and get the original.
76561198041207183,Recommended,288470,13448135,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kitty Jesus,"It seems like a lot of people who have reviewed this game poorly either played the game before the implementation of the newest patches or were expecting the game to be on the visual level of fable III. This game is an HD remaster of a 10 year old game, so of course it's not going to look quite as good. Having said that, I still think it looks great. If you already own the original version of the game and are still content with it, then it probably isn't worth it for you to buy the anniversary edition. However, if you have never played fable before and are looking to get into it (or you just don't have it on steam) then I'd highly recommend spending the extra cash for the anniversary edition.Excellent combat system, captivating storyline, and this is one of the few games that make me feel like my decisions have an impact. 10/10"
,Recommended,288470,12106362,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Lasheen,"Got Drunk Beat my wife Killed her.. went to pub Drank more Killed an entire Village 20 mins later got Forgiven for it. You just can't die without playing this game, brought me back good memories =)7/10 Poor port and bad character design other wise great game..."
76561198072777938,Recommended,288470,12285778,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Manley Steele,"Fable Aniversary is very nicely visually freshened. If you liked the original, this update is a no-brainer. Still highly entertaining and addictive as ever.  The controls are a little quirky, but should not be a problem for novice or veteran gamers.  There was an update to the controls in the middle of my second playthrough, but the originals still worked so I didn't change. If what you want is a good time, with some campy style and an unusual sense of humor, Fable Annivrsery is for you."
,Not Recommended,288470,13057145,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Festive Tree,"Fable Anniversary = Fable: The Lost Chapters + HD Texture PackIf you haven't played Fable before , buy it, it's an excellent game.If you already played Fable or Fable TLC, IMHO it's not worth the price asked."
,Not Recommended,288470,13147033,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Goose (R8),"honestly, the ""beautification"" ruined the game for me. I loved this game as a kid, and what I wanted to come back to was improved skins on what I had as a kid. Instead I was greeted with really creepy skins that were rather buggy. Also the resolutions and such would occasionally crash my drivers. So no. I will play the original. thanks for trying i guess though 2/10"
76561198030267136,Not Recommended,288470,13417973,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,lozzie683,"Hard to say if it'd recommend this game, and I love it, but I was unable to finish it as I couldn't use any weapons halfway through the game, and deleting saved data and starting again didn't help either, and I can't seem to find any support.... so at the moment it is a waste of money because I can't play it."
76561198099118637,Not Recommended,288470,13047708,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,drhusain2012,"just play the original ... this was supreme 10 years ago but a remake as copy past ,,, come on ... im a fable fan i played the 3 games and each was better than the one before it but this one is a ... just dont waste time on it"
76561198160352482,Not Recommended,288470,13064863,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,alexis.avoine,"I would enjoy the game if it was not from the fact that the game crashes every fourth checkpoint reload. Also, there is no warning when you are low health (at leat in heroic mode) so sometimes you dont even know you are about to die and boom. you have to restart. Oh yeah, if the only sign is the guy that says: you are low health, well before he ends his sentence, you are dead. Never heard of an alarm beep, like in every other game? Or the screen getting red? or a quick heartbeat? Anything? seriously? Also, what's is wrong with the camera? You jam into walls, it spins around at 300mph... And it's cool, you can lock on people. but Instead of targeting the closest enemy, sometimes it targets random people around, or even guys not attacking you, so your back is exposed and you get killed in 0.5 second.Is there a refund button?It would be a great game if it was not from the fact that I have to restart the game every 10 minutes. The graphics are great and it brings back a lot of good memories. It could be a better gameplay."
,Not Recommended,288470,16407515,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,kunk180,"You know, I'm not usually one for reviews, but I felt I really needed to say this.Did you like Fable?Like me, did you miss the fantastical land of Albion, the first adventures of our hero, balrog hunting, lightning throwing, and Whisper♥♥♥♥♥kicking?Did you miss being called Chicken Chaser?Well if you did, then you would think to buy this game, yes? Ho ho hold your horses, friend.First off, I am shocked that after.. Lord, how many years to get this right, they still ♥♥♥♥ed it up? So, the graphics are so god-awful they make the first game look fantastic by comparsion. All the people look like their skin is melting right off their faces and look like cosmic horrors when they speak, like everyone is covered in melted plastic and♥♥♥♥♥♥ The land looks more lazilly put together too. Again, looks worse then the decade old original.As for mechnaics? Remember all those bugs that tucked you to bed each night? Those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are still around after 10 years! Fighting? Still as clunky as you remmeber. Magic? As unbearable to control. And you know how in Fable three they made it where when you upgrade you Str as a woman, you didn't become Shiela, the goddamn Nordic Mountain?! Well, I guess they felt that was too big a change fromt he original. Hope you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ looks!No new voice acting, same annoying lines, everything you hated about the original, minus the creativity, spark of life, and amazing wonderment that made this title stuck out.All in all, looking for a nostaligic tromp though Albion? Go buy the original. It looks better and at least has a modding community."
,Not Recommended,288470,18065140,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,PRonin,"This game doesn't hold up very well.  I loved it when it originally came out, but playing it now I realize how pathetically basic it actually is.  I got a laugh out of one of the achievements called ""Definitely Not on Rails"".  It's as if the devs were responding to very rational criticism about how linear the game is by throwing in that passive-aggressive jab.  There are tons of awful game mechanics that haven't changed a bit since the original.  In fact, nothing has changed outside of the HD textures from what I can tell.  The map and fast travel system are awful.  It's amazing with so few choices how easy it is to get lost.  The Quest Area system seems super bugged to me.  You can't leave a quest area without reloading a previous saved game.  Anyway, you get the gist."
,Not Recommended,288470,14338314,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Izevh,Lost the original style and spirit of the game.. Shame. Buy the lost chapters.
,Recommended,288470,18209928,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,hkennyrules101,"Pros:-Solid remake of the original with updated graphics-Fun, whimsical atmosphere-Variety of weapons and armor sets to suit your character-Great amount of content-Fantastic story-Morality system that reflects your choices well-Modding supportCons:-No additional content in the remake-DLCs are overpriced and only offer armor and weapons-Very occasional graphics issues (her eyeball was clipping through the side of her head!)-Same old camera angle/clunky control frustrations-Fable: The Lost Chapters is available for $9.99 and is the exact same game, minus the graphics upgrade and mod supportOverall:This is the original Fable game.  If you haven't played it, it's fantastic, and worth the price.  Whimsical humor and deep gameplay make it a fun RPG.  Choices matter and change the way the world reacts to you.  There are several approaches to combat.  The voice acting is good.  The controls get a bit clunky no matter what version you have, but it's a small flaw in a large gem.  If you can get it on sale, great, or you can pay the cheaper price for the older version as it is the same game.Bottom Line:At full price, you should probably get Fable: The Lost Chapters, but this is still worth it even paying full price, as it stands on its own.  Get it on sale for the mod support and updated graphics, and support these types of projects!"
,Not Recommended,288470,16665825,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,fereldanhawke,"I do not recommend this game. It played fine for the first two hours I spent with it, but after that the game refused to load. I would get to the title screen and try to press start, at which time the game would freeze and crash. Looking around on the internet provided no help and there was no fix to be found."
,Not Recommended,288470,18736126,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Raldor Splint,You are better off sticking with Fable: The lost chapters.None of the new features or worth the extra cost as well as the messed up menus.4/10Fable is a good game. But this spoils it.
,Not Recommended,288470,23007786,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,quantumAnarchist,"TL;DR Terrible remake, play the original instead.Where do I even start with this cash grab of a game? I'm a long-time fan of the fable series, played every title since the original pc version of The Lost Chapters (TLC) and absolutely loved most of them but after playing this game I'm not at all surprised Lionhead Studios closed. This game is actually a downgrade from TLC, with the same glitches as the original plus more, the most annoying menu system I’ve ever used and visuals which are still subpar of a modern $35US game.Contents of disappointment:-Glitching, bugs and terrible mechanical changes-Clunky Interface design and control-Laziest visual upgrades in a remake everGlitching, bugs and terrible mechanical changes:Do like your eardrums, then this game isn’t for you. I found that after playing the game for a while, the audio starts to distort and crackle which only restarting the game fixed. The new checkpoint saves are completely broken. When I checkpoint saved, looted a chest, loaded the save, the chest was still open but the item was gone from my inventory, meaning I lost items that I couldn’t get back without starting over. This new system was meant to fix the hero save exploit but being lazily applied, only managed to break the game. It also has weird fps drops, though I’m using a good computer it still dropped at places no matter what settings it was on.Clunky interface design and control:What’s the one advantage of using menus on a PC? Being able to navigate them with the mouse is a good one. This game does not have this function and even worse, it uses keys that are not intuitive in the slightest, using the ins, home, del and end keys to navigate the menu system. I should also mention that TLC, though its menu system was also a little clunky, you could use a mouse to navigate. Also key bindings are a good thing to be able to change depending on your play style but unlike TLC where you can change any of the keys, you can only change a few of them in anniversary.Laziest visual upgrades in a remake ever:When you buy a '9 years later' remake of a game, you’d expect visuals that would make your jaw drop when you compare them with each other. Fable Anniversary does not do this, though the textures themselves are of higher resolutions then that of the original, the new textures look out of place and quite weird on the models. They did nothing to the animations and barely anything to the models so most of the characters in the game, they may as well be mutants with how they look. The texture quality is terrible, on max most of the textures are still the quality of the Xbox 360, which is unacceptable for a modern pc game and is not worth the $35. This point is a bit of personal opinion but the non-changeable FXAA makes the game as a whole look way too blurry as well. TLC had amazing graphics for its time and nothing in it has aged enough to be unrecognisable. TLC also supports 16:10 ratios and can be used at 4k.Fable Anniversary’s little bit of eye candy doesn’t make up for its many downfalls, TLC cost less than 1/3 of its price and is still a much better game then this garbage. TLC still runs on modern operating systems without much hassle, so the remake for PC is just not worth it."
,Recommended,288470,12675251,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Harry101UK,"I never had the opportunity to play the original, but heard so much praise for the series over the years that when I saw this I jumped at the chance, and I'm glad I did! It's certainly a little dated and clunky in places, but that's to be expected from a game originally from 2004.The graphics look great, and from what I've seen of the original, are a huge improvement. It runs at a steady 60-120fps and fully supports 1080p-4K. I've been running it on a 1920x1080 screen, but downsampling from 4K using GeForce DSR, so it looks very nice.I've been playing with a 360 controller and it works perfectly. Havn't tried M+KB much, but they seem to be well supported.I havn't finished the game yet, but I've enjoyed every moment of it so far; a well-rounded RPG that gives you quite a lot of freedom in how you tackle quests. Coupled with the traditional British Lionhead humour and passion, good & evil choices, and addictive gameplay, it's a lot of fun!"
76561198003307155,Not Recommended,288470,12074784,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Levithix,"Seems to be no thought at all put into keyboard and mouse controls nor do they include the option for borderless windowed mode.I didn't buy a game I already had for this much money for it to be worse. I'm going back to the lost chapters until when and if they decide to add proper keyboard/ mouse support.""Oman  [developer] 1 hour agoWe would have loved to add mouse support to the menu but we reached a point in the project where it was either going to be modding support or adding features such as mouse support in the menus. We chose modding.""http://steamcommunity.com/app/288470/discussions/0/613936039447875434/#p1They chose wrong ..."
,Not Recommended,288470,12075911,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"Sadly, I can't recomend it. Studdering with Nvidia cards makes the game unplayable. No mouse support in the menus is a pain. I mean, the base game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, but untill they realease a patch, this will be a thumbs down.Edit-There are some fixes out there, and I got mine to work,more or less, to a playable state. But the game is still broken in many regards. I mean, by all means though, i'd say if your willing to put up with the bugs, this game is one of the best games of all time*Video Review*http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQCX0EiNtCk"
76561198012786773,Not Recommended,288470,12076120,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,RockOnNinja,"Currently don't reccommend this.I couldn't block with middle mouse so I went to rebind, you can't...Enjoyed about 20 minutes of being hit with a pole before getting bored of not being able to progress without a controller.Get it if they fix some of the issues mentioned by other people here."
,Not Recommended,288470,12909821,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,JadesPukeko,"I was really excited for this game and I pre-ordered it specially but I am so very disappointed. The control system doesn't work AT ALL, the game play is so glitchy and laggy that is impossible for me to play. I have a powerful PC and graphics card but it wouldn't even run semi smooth on lowest quality (I can play Skyrim on HD quality and there is no loss of performance) I regret my choice.I fortunately still have the original so I think I am going to stick with that."
,Not Recommended,288470,12075977,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Nursk,"Dont get me wrong, i love fable TLC and have it for xbox, pc ""disks"" and steam. but this, this was ripped out from the xbox and shoved on pc to the point where you cant use your mouse on the UI and you need to use 8 different keys to get around in your invintory, and not only that but it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ i recomend that you do not buy this tell the game is fixed. just play fable tlc its better then this game right now."
,Not Recommended,288470,12076083,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Banagher,"So basically its just a port from the console version, and not a good one at that. The interface is just plain horrible. Using insert, delete home and end to change between sections of the menu? The feeling of TLC is there, but not enough. Could've at least try a bit harder on the port. I rather play TLC with mods again if there aren't any changes to the interface. Why would you remove mouse from a menu on a bloody PC game. It makes no sense, unless its just a lazy port just to milk money from a series that a lot of people love. Way to disappoint us again Lionhead. With a certain someone no longer part of the studio, I expected much more. I guess a good port to PC is too much to ask."
,Not Recommended,288470,12076312,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Dirty Dwarf,"This port is just horrendous. Horrible interface, wobbling camera, unresponsive controls. There is NO MOUSE CONTROLS in menus.Liarhead doesn't even try to properly port this game. They just slap modding support on it.This is another massive F*ck You to pcgamers. Good work."
,Not Recommended,288470,12076724,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,BigBiz,what a joke. should be illegal to sell a port this ♥♥♥♥ing bad.
,Not Recommended,288470,12077642,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Jigglenomicon,"I had only played this for close to 4 hours when i ran in to a game breaking bug.The game is quite blurry and gives me eyestains.The Checkpoint system/save is flawed (you can only save your last checkpoint.. and theres a long way between them)I have not sure if this was in the original realease of fable but the main story takes ages to get along and i feel like im just doing sidequests most of the time.I wanna play this game.. but between the checkpoint system, gamebreaking bugs and blurryness i dont think i will.Edit : i played it a bit more and got to the arena.When one of the waves of bandits the game started freezing for 4-6 seconds at a time.I expect this was because of the cloth physics on the bandits banners they carrie around on the back, since this lockup only happens with them on the screen."
76561197989458883,Recommended,288470,23874621,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Vat,HERO! SEE IF YOU CAN GET YOUR COMBAT MULTIPLIER EVEN HIGHER!
76561198065727921,Not Recommended,288470,24148237,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pwnanite,"Fable & Fable Lost Chapters are wonderful games. Some of my favorites. I have sepnt endless hours immersed in the wonder Land of Albion but this version of fable, The Anniversary Edition is a bucket of disappointment & lies.This game is literaly a visual upgrade only & with it comes a bucket of bugs & crashes that were completely overlooked & ignored by Devs thru gross negligence. They didn't even try to fix any issues pre prelease or even years after. Which goes to show why the studio was shut down in the first place. They specialize in creating & smashing dreams.So thanks Lion Head & Microsoft, for smashing my dreams with this game, for taking my money & throwing me the middle finger."
,Recommended,288470,27475869,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,☢ GunSalute! ✌,Nostalgia
76561198169952450,Recommended,288470,34940891,Posted: 13 September,all,Obilivous,LITT!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,288470,22845768,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Blaze (Peter),"It is a good game in all but for the PC i would say it sorta ruins it completly , the controls are all over the place , the graphics aren't even changed all that much and it ccal get really glitchy at times - 4/10"
,Recommended,288470,23339378,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Progynecologist,"Awesome rework tons more content, over all im very pleased with the game."
,Recommended,288470,13001283,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,WolfBlade92,"I've seen a lot of hate for this game lately and I have no clue why.Everybody asked for Fable: The Lost Chapters to be redone in HDLionHead Studios did exactly that.I've found no problems with the game, and even if I did, they made it moddable in case there is something that doesnt suit you well.Stop whining and enjoy a good game"
76561198120285168,Recommended,288470,12997936,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Cawpenhagen,"Im seeing a lot of negative reviews for this game, however i certainly enjoyed the play through. I've played this game 3 or 4 times when i came out and i was not dis-satisfied in anyway with this purchase. True there was one bug that caused me to have to load to a previous save, but in the 20 hours or so it took me to beat the game i found it to be pretty minor. Dont buy this game if you are expecting drastic changes from the original, i was glad that they kept the core game the same as the original because it was enjoybale on all levels. If you want this game to be a little more challenging then i would play without the revive vials but i just played it for the enjoyment and died maybe once when i was stoned a ♥♥♥♥. Anyways i would reccomend this game especially if you have yet to play any of the fable games, this is by far the best out of the series."
,Not Recommended,288470,28675663,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wisp,"No mouse settings or sensitivity on this edition, rendering it pretty unplayable on the PC if you can't play with a controler.As much as I wanted to play this, I had to refund right away. The original game didn't have this problem, the anniversary edition have, great ""improvements"" huh?"
76561198068287245,Recommended,288470,12084055,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,chanterdkh,I Pre-Purchased game but I didn't get the DLC?
76561198143241901,Recommended,288470,12079704,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Taco Tuesday 株価,"You better have an Xbox controler for this one!!The game is a nice port but the menu controls are all consol controler based, ive been playing this game all day apon relase and i still cant figure out how to control the damn menu ( WHICH THEY GIVE NO INTRUCTION FOR )lIONHEAD STUDIOS WILL MAKE SURE YOU PAY YOUR SINS FOR NOT PURCHASING AN XBOX AS YOU BUTTON JAM SEARCHING FOR THE LEFT AND RIGHT SCROLL KEY TO CONTROL THE COMPLEX KEYBOARD AND MOUSE MENU INTERFACELIONHEAD STUDIOS WILL CHUCLE AS YOU FAIL TO UNLOCK THEIR ENCRYPTED KEYBOARD COMMANDS"
,Recommended,288470,12404184,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Squirrel UnicornAttack,"Amazing remake of the first fable game, Fable The Lost Chapters. Love the graphics, the story of this fable game is just the best! And they have also added a few extra cool weapons, along with all the other ones.There's also a Heroic mode, a harder gameplay for those who are looking for a challenge, it gets harder but it's so much fun.And a huge plus; there's achievements in this game. So there's lots of fun to do.Reccomend this for anyone regardless if you have already played Fable or not. This is a game that everyone must play. :)"
76561198144137039,Recommended,288470,14901442,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Blackkat,"I bought this game as a fan. I have already played it a million times. So, I know I really like it.  I like how my character looks amazing as he progresses.  I also like that this game is about choices and how the world reacts to those choices.  That's what made this game so innovative in it's day.  I really loved this game in it's day. I played it so much I killed my first xbox.  But, as amazing as this game is, I still had my issues with it.For a game about choices and change. The first one did not give me a choice to be a female. Here I am in playing this amazing game, in this amazing world, kicking butt as the male I have always dreamed to be. Uh no! lol. Sorry, but I want to kick butt as a female thank you.  I wanted to look good in that shiny armor as female.Then the 2nd one came out. I have the choice to be a female.  But, now the armor sucks cause the the story goes into the future a bit! Still I played because I enjoyed kicking butt and I really enjoyed the rest of the game.  I did like the steam punk twist to things. I really enjoy that.I still would recommend this game. Because for gaming sake, it is still a fun game to play."
,Not Recommended,288470,12088963,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Feral Smile,"Absolutely terrible.  Not only were the graphics nearly identical in all the environments I have so far experienced, but the small changes they made to important characters were awful.  Maze's hair/tattoos/face is broken, and all spell graphics are either the same or for some reason downgraded in quality.  My hero is uglier than sin, regardless of what type of tattoos, facial hair, or scars I try to apply to him.The audio is, as far as I can tell, the same.  I have noticed that the natural pauses in conversation that I remember being present in the first game were either shortened or deleted in this game.The worst part is probably the menu and lack of hero save.  The menu is terrible, clearly ported directly from console, as it does not support the mouse and you must use the 'insert, home, delete, and end' buttons to navigate.  In addition, you cannot re-bind any skills on your mouse  (since as far as the menu is concerned, it does not exist.Last but not least, there is no hero save.  That means if you're like me and work hard to get very powerful early in the storyline, you'll be age 65 when you meet your *maybe 20's* older sister.  And you'll be old enough to be your own grandfather when you meet your mother.Awful.1/10, would not waste time with."
,Not Recommended,288470,12074355,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Leo Wolfpride,"I paid roughly $25.00 for this game, I'm sure it would be amazing to play but I am facing an issue that won't even let me OPEN the game properly(or at all for that matter.) I really wish this wasn't the case, I was really looking forward to playing this game.  In the forums a bunch of people are facing issues, most are lag issues, so i'm not entirely sure what is going on but for the mean time I do not recommend buying this game until these issues are fixed.EDIT(11/12/2014): The game will still not work for me, but it might work for someone else, I tend to have sh*tty luck, but the developers have been updating it a lot so maybe I will be able to play it soon. I will not recommend this game though until I have actually played it."
76561198050668870,Not Recommended,288470,21881065,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Gre'rity,"Don't waste your money. The original is $10. They are literally the same thing verses the graphics and controller support. Even the animations lag and stutter in the same postitions.  I absolutely love Fable. But seriously, don't buy this version of it."
,Not Recommended,288470,12125446,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Jack Daddy,"Hoh man. Nice little 2004 throwback, and a bag of chips.It's such a good retexture that I'm actually able to relive childhood memories.Stop hitting me, dad."
76561198068277665,Not Recommended,288470,12142639,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Udon T. Smiff (#SJWBLMHIV+),"FABLE ANNIVERSARY: DO YOU WANT IT!?Have you been looking at the new Fable Anniversary relaease, wondering if you should pull the trigger and add that pup to your library? I asked myself the same question almost two months ago when I decided to shoot for the stars with Fable Anniversary. Here I have for you a few words of caution and/or encouragement. My first exposure to the Fable franchise was a few months after the release of the original on the XBOX, I was blown away and drawn back, simultaneously, to the alluring pull of this new, ambitious and anglo-centric adventure. This was like re-living the debut of Ocarina of Time! Fable, however, was of an entirely different realm. Putting much of the focus into the adverse gameplay style and the design of this beautiful reimagining of the British Isles, Fable left a little to be desired of the story. This was remedied with the addition of The Lost Chapters which made the game almost perfect, aside from a few problems that still exist in the new Anniversary version.Foremost,the game is supposed to be about making choices and becoming your own hero;the game is constantly trying to force you into beingthewell rounded and skilled player that the gameneedsyou to be which makes certain boss fights or other missions difficult or undoable if your hero build isn't right. For example: Fighting Jack of Blades the first time the game wants you to use a bow. I dont want to use bows with my spellwarrior.I WANNA USE MY MELEE AND SPELLS!!!(fighting the Kracken will also take two hours if you try and use a sword and a lightning spell). This is a major problem with the Anniversary version because it still exists in every facet of playing this game making all of your decisions practically pointless and almost all the time reversable (i.e. you can go from good to evil with relative ease). It was ignorable the first time because all of this was so fresh and never really done like this before. After a decade of making games based on free will and adventure, you should be able to recognise the little problems that make your whole morality matrix and character role development feel a little redundant and pre determined. (i.e in Fable you always end up with A or B, never is a C or D involved) Fable was and is a game which does not require much time to complete the core of it but potentially doubles it's playability when you add in the side missions and all the other quirks of Albion. This was done extremely well especially with the addition of The Lost Chapters. I hoped and expected that with the new release we might get another 9 hours out of this game, but here we find much more to be desired.Moving on to the NEW issues with Fable Anniversarry, we take a look at what Anniversary does to leave the gamer longing for more, which isn't always a good thing in necessity. No new missions. If you remembered how to play the last game through, you know this one. Some might see this as a good thing, I figure my expectations were too high. But when I learned not even a single new side mission or interactable character was added to the Anniversary version, I was quite dissappointed. So what did they do? Is anything in this new-old game different or improved? Not really, its still the same semi-goofy adventure. Its the same.The game is the same.It is the same.IT'S THE SAME!!!However you do get a new and slightly longer Heroic mode: There are no ressurection phials and some healing abilities are somewhat gimped. Slightly prolonged eh?HOW IS POSSIBRU IF NO CONTENTS R NU!?!?Well if you never died before whilst playing Fable (this is not uncommon) you probably will die and if you haven't played a Fable game in a couple years like me and decide to jump right in, you may die a lot. All of this dying and reloading is what gives you those extra hours, especially if you're trying to be a good guy (the hardest kinda guy to be). The game is not necessarily more difficult, it just takes longer and sort of forces you to try and gain more experience to level up as you bump along those good ol' core quests. The difficulty in the boss fights comes from getting too bored to actually follow the attack sequences in order to hit the boss amid the 15 minutes of minion fighting/dodging before the 5 seconds you actually get to hit the boss with (assuming you have the right spell, weapon, blood type, zodiac sign, character alignment, age etc.) Here is the attack sequence for every major boss in the game*SPOILER ALERT*:DODGE, KILL MINIONS, DODGE, KILL MINIONS, DODGE, HIT THE BOSS (with the one and only attack), FIGHT MINIONS, FIGHT MINIONS, FIGHT MINIONS, FIGHT MINIONS, RELOAD, DODGE, FIGHT MINIONS, FIGHT MINIONS, FIGHT MINIONS, FIGHT MINIONS, RELOAD, BEGIN ARHYTHMICALLY POUNDING KEYS/BUTTONS*with specifically designated spells/weapons for that boss*PROFIT!?It isn't even subtle the way the game trys to force you into being what it needs you to be rather than what you want to play with. If you have the same sense of conquest and need of self reassurance that I had when I started off, I would reccomend doing the heroic mode first to get it out of the way in order to enjoy the far and few between favorable little pieces that have been reworked in Anniversary.The controls cannot be criticized too heavily as Lionhead was sort of venturing into new territory with operating systems being different these days on the PC, as well as two different controller formats, a total of three control types to be programmed and supported. I'm no expert but that probably sounds easier in type than it is in reality. I use a 360 controller, which can be tricky but you will get used to it and once you do it's almost like the good old days. So, have I gotten older, more mature or more jaded in the decade between the original and the anniversary. Yes I'd guess so.SO TO ANYONE NEW TO THE FABLE FRANCHISE, MEANING YOU'VE NEVER PLAYED FABLE BEFORE; THIS GAME IS FOR YOU! BUY IT TO SUPPORT LIONHEAD AND FUTURE VENTURES![/b]Words of warning; if you're a fan like me, you will most likely find more to complain about. But I'm no Negative Nancy. The second you step into Albion it is beautiful. The updated graphics are what I wanted, not too pristine but volumes more detail than the original. The integrity of the art is indeed intact. The new outfits, weapons and armor are also a great leg up in the game because you finally get more sets that can be more specific, even more condusive to building the kind of character you want to play...Assuming it still fits the Lionhead template. There is no damage done to the story, interactions with characters or any of the little running jokes and insider quirks we all adore hidden about the game. Would I have been willing to relenquish some of the humor or parts of the story in order to make way for new grounds in exploration of the map or exploration of different characters and I dunno, maybe a new mission or two? Definitely. Perhaps the most important and beneficial aspect that Lionhead added to the release of Anniversary was the ability for the community to create their own mods to the Fable program. I am very excited to see what the more skilled enthusiasts will creeate. Keep in mind this is all being written around/about the game that I wanted. Something slightly newer, something a little more in depth, something with a twist and above all something with a little more to explore. Some might say that what I wanted was a new game. In some ways, some people are right.But if you want something a little redundant, a little repetative, a little fickle, a little quirky and/or a little nostalgic, maybe even a little new; Look no further than Fable Anniversary...or this reviewRemember friends, keep your expectations and your promises low, but over-deliver with every opportunity."
,Not Recommended,288470,12074733,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,JayToriko,The support for this game is all community based at this point. They pretty much did nothing to improve it. I feel like I was cheated. I'm not happy with no mouse controls The dev himself said he wanted US the consumers to make it better. You lazy sons of ***** ridiculous.
,Recommended,288470,12087515,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Elocin30,"This remaster is very well done and while it does have some issues, is still very enjoyable. Fable: TLC is my favorite game of all time and this version is a welcome addition to my collection and one that I will be spending a lot of time with. I have had no problems running this game, no crashes, no stutters, no blur problems that others have had and I don't really have the best setup.Now there are two issues that I have with this game, but they do not make the game unplayable.The first issue is that there is onlypartial Mouse Support. You cannot use the mouse at all in the menus and the developers chose some convoluted keys to navigate the menus that are difficult to use, especially on a laptop. The keys that you use to navigate are""A"", ""B"", ""INSERT"", ""DELETE"", ""HOME"", and ""END"". I have to press and hold the""FN""key just to use three of them. There is also no way to rebind these keys. Hopefully there will be a patch or a mod in the future to add mouse support to the menu.The second issue is the targeting or locking on system. It doesn't always work and sometimes the system chooses the furthest enemy or, even worse, afriendlytarget. Again, this does not make the game unplayable, but it is annoying.8/10 overall a great gameOS: Windows 8.1, 64 bitCPU: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3610QM CPU @ 2.30GHzGPU: NVIDIA GeForce GT 640M LE"
76561198093062341,Recommended,288470,14219506,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Colt027,Awesome remake of one of my all time favorite games. To be fair this game isnt worth over 30 dollars and I wouldnt pay that for it. But it is still the great game that it once was with even better visuals. Best of the series in my opinion and I enjoy replaying it over and over using different spells and making other choices.
76561198094675316,Recommended,288470,20492435,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Catfish and the Bunnymen,"More or less a graphical overhaul as opposed to a 'Remaster'; still as vastly enjoyable as it once was though, nonetheless.Fable 2 'Remaster' next please, Lionhead Studios.Please."
,Not Recommended,288470,12076034,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Death the Kid has autism,Fable anniversary almost perfectly mimics the original! From the atrocious combat system with poor targeting to the god awful optimisation causing frequent frame drops and freezing on even some of the best setups. But now it's in STUNNING KINDA BETTER THAN BEFORE HD! Would not reccomend...
76561198054117559,Recommended,288470,21191220,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,~Skarlecia~,Beautifuly advanced and original voice and sounds make it even better. Still feels like the original Fable but looks so much better. :D Take my money!
,Not Recommended,288470,12084083,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,MigzPrime,"They made Maze look like a muppet and when I finally became a hero the game crashed. this is the best ending because you dont have to play the rest of the remake anymore.As I write this, I'm just going to play the original game as the graphics in the original game are way better. and the characters actually make eye contact in that one.Thank you for basically stealing our money for the worst remastered game of all remastered games in the world."
,Recommended,288470,12091932,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Psycho,Not bad. a great game with a great graphics
,Recommended,288470,12094216,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,UltimaN3rd,"It's a solid remaster of Fable: The Lost Chapters. If you already own TLC then this may not be worth the money, but if you don't then this version is worth the increased price. There are a few things to be aware of though:CONTROLLER RECOMMENDED - The keyboard/mouse controls are pretty broken, mostly concerning menus.The graphical improvements, while significant, are not on par with a new release game.As of release there are some bugs - I've only experienced minor graphical bugs but there have been reports of serious issues.If those things don't bother you then this game is excellent! If you've never played Fable before this is fantastic, and if you want to relive TLC then this is a great way to do it."
76561198035314907,Not Recommended,288470,12087113,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Maurice Del Taco,"Yikes! This game is unfinished and nearly unplayable.Apart from the poor menu system, and the general difficulty is reassigning keys, the framerate is poor, doesn't look HD, and the camera jerks all over the place if using a mouse. Anyone who has motion sickness, you may actually vomit.It is obviously made for using an Xbox controller, but this is a PC game. Why a controller? Why not have mouse function in menus for an RPG game that's all about customisation?I hope a quality patch fixes these issues, the game seems like a rushed port and many will be feeling the burn from forking out good money for a barely functioning game.In the end, I'm sure if Lionhead came out and said 'we need on more month to make it perfect' I'm sure everyone would understand. To release it as it currently is, well that's just unprofessional and a stab in the heart of the diehard fans who were hanging out for this game.WIll cross my fingers for a patch, as I know there's no chance of a refund.What a shame..."
,Not Recommended,288470,12122752,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Shigi,"meh, I expected more."
,Recommended,288470,32604119,Posted: 20 June,all,Ethan,"You are now good enough to use the, Port Two and Three expression."
,Recommended,288470,14336796,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Haloarbiter117,"i have played fable anniversary when it first arrived to pc, it had a lot of problems as a port so i was kinda giving this one up, after all those updates it got much much MUCH better, the ui works like it should, the graphics are improved from the color problem the game had, it runs better than it did before and much more.i know most people wanted a full remake with new animations, better voicing but it's a anniversary, it's supposed to be like the original but in HD so if you ask me, this have a lot of improvements like real facial animations and how the game looks is just awsome.there is bugs there and there but nothing game breaking, is the game i rememberd i played on my original xbox when it first came out and fable the lost chapters i brought for pc (still have the original disc)i say when the game is atleast on 20€ or lower, buy it or if you are a huge fan for fable tlc also buy this when you can, it's a good remasterd game.just don't buy the DLC's unless you really can spend money and want to look like other characters in the game. the only thing i like about it is jack of blades armor but even then, it's not worth 15€ for only 1 armor so don't buy unless you  really want and can spend money.PS: if you say this is not fan service, :jackofblades: will get you."
,Recommended,288470,12292666,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,TriNova,"Had a lot of problems when it first came out, but a lot of them got patched in about 24 hours.I've heard that some people are still having issues but I enjoyed playing it a lot.YOU NEED A CONTROLER!"
76561198126287633,Recommended,288470,17181737,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,The Salt Knight,When will we be expecting the re-release of 2?Not soon enough
76561198061339040,Not Recommended,288470,12077748,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Ron Burgendy,love paying money for a an old game that doesnt run.
76561198083615366,Recommended,288470,16521844,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Vons,"Really nothing wrong with it, i have mouse support... Dont know why you care, the game plays like the old game. But its just to expensive, so get it while its on sale."
,Recommended,288470,19568111,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,🌸 Yōgaya 🌸,"Introduction :Fable : Anniversary Edition is Improvement from Fable : Lost Chapter game with some unique addition on Armor, Weapon, and Other stuff, There are some dissapointment on bugs and glitch that happen on the Game, so the game didn't really improved much but overall i still love the game, so here Pro and Cons from me..Pro :+ Graphics Improvement..+ Unique Weapon, and Armor addition..+ Fix the bugs on Save/Load system where you can Bugs the silver key and other stuff..+ Modding stuff..+ Heroic Difficulty..+ Pretty Stressful golf and card coin game..Cons :- Bugs on shop, where it's keeping down, and up or change section of items..- Sudden Crash when open Start Menu or Visit'in certain Town..- Unreasonable Age Improve make me crazy my hero became Old-man..- Knock Back sometimes occur a Glitch on Enemies..Useful Tips from me :* If you have the DLC, simply go to bowerstone south and buy tho Aeon Armour and Sophia..* How to get the gold? for me i simply kill tho trader on lookout point over and over, up your guile and try make oakvale trader to bankrupt..* How to be God Killer? First take Slow and Multi attack then go to Evil up Berserk to MAX, and last take Virtous to up your Shield and Will to MAX..* Fishing competion? go to demon door and fish'ing there you can found 1kgrams fish..* Skorm Bow? do a bit good things and go to Altar of Skorm in 12 PM (Midnight) and do sacrifice..* Sentinus? do a lot of bad habbit and go to Avo Altar and donate 40k Gold..Well, that's all i can think over, i still love the Game since I'm Junior Student..9/10 gonna go to Bordello.."
76561198030361175,Not Recommended,288470,12110633,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Zino Amare,"Well the other reviews are all you need to read, nothing more to add."
,Not Recommended,288470,12086580,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Xhaiden,"Explore a fantasy world full of wonder, adventure and unspeakable flesh puppets masquerading as people. Experience the ever present dread that they may realize you are not one of them. Tremble at the knowledge when that day comes neither the terrible controls nor the anemic frame rate will let you escape.Also, widescreen."
76561198033902746,Recommended,288470,12108434,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,tankJR,There are some problems like keyboard configuration and some graphic issues but this game is so good and it is very fun.
,Recommended,288470,12099832,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Xqz,"Portwise it's pretty bad, missing alot of keys that most would like to rebind in the rebind menu+you can only rebind when playing the game and not from the menu, I am personally on the fence about the new asthetic but other then that its the classic Fable experience and aside from the glitch time to time its really fun too play"
76561198007603917,Not Recommended,288470,12084998,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,BoomDowg,"Wanted to play a childhood favorite of mine, got the game and played a little bit of it, so far so good, then came the inventory and i F***ed off for a while, came back to give it another shot, it ain't great, it's still the same game, but feels cheap and not fun, i'd get the older version and F*** THAT S***TY INVENTORY SYSTEM, F*** IT IN THE A** WITH A RUSTY MACHETE WRAPED IN BARBWIRE THAT'S ON FIRE!!!"
76561198114781920,Not Recommended,288470,18151766,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,16c5a663,This anniversary editions runs so awfully slow it is hardly playable. I prefer the original version which still runs fine on Win 10.
,Recommended,288470,19821250,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Chicken Chaser,"A flawless remake of my favorite game ever. 10/10 Anyone who hasn't played this game definitely should, and those that have should give it another run because it's still a magnificent game."
76561198076419944,Recommended,288470,32659536,Posted: 22 June,all,c.miller954,Loved this game on the original Xbox and I still love it now.
76561198051986271,Recommended,288470,30301573,Posted: 3 March,all,Mäd Män Medic,I love this game i used to play it when it first came out this revamp version is pretty cool but i kind of like the face style of the xbox vr and well i am not entirely happy with the flouish technique they changed it but its nothing that killed the game for me it just makes things a bit difficult cuz it makes attacking a bit slower but i love the extra content so i cant complain to much lol i wish it was fair for both genders tho since if you marry a wife you can do the dirty with her but not if you marry a man lol just sayin that♥♥♥♥♥♥aint fair and why crossing the bordello why isn't there at least one guy there like come on just sayin =^-^= but all in all great game love it =^-^=
,Recommended,288470,12271188,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Pearlescent Diarrhea,"Fable was one of the original games that allowed you to decide who you wanted to be. It was a very popular game for that reason. Fable 1, TLC and Anniversary will always be better than Fable 2 and Fable 3. Not that I didn't enjoy those games either. It's nearly impossible to see sequels or anything further, best the first and original game. With a large community that has loved and cherished this game through the years; there can be a LOT of mods and new content on the approach. Not sure what happened with the Custom Tattoo feature that was previously in The Lost Chapters.I'm sure that most of you, if not all, have beaten the story line at least once. The story line was superb and I will pretty much leave it at that. You must see the story for yourself, since there are multiple ways of gameplay.The new updated graphics are very appealing. Runs a lot smoother than TLC and deifnitely the original. They had fixed some glitches from the previous versions and they have also developed new ones that are currently being addressed. I've been enjoying this game like I have when I first got it. It has a lot of replay value.If you are new to RPGS, I would definitely recommend this game to you for a starter.5/5"
,Not Recommended,288470,12380813,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,BearZerk,"Had huge issues recording this game for no real reason, it's sad to see such a basic thing about frame rates be an issue but sadly that's the case and I honestly cant' recommend this game until they fix that very base line issue."
,Not Recommended,288470,17790227,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Jiggles,"Fun, but one of the main quests broke :( Glitchy, dont buy."
76561198058271045,Not Recommended,288470,18633474,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Fartboss420,I wanted to love it.  But then I tried to play it and it ran like garbage on my 2 month old laptop with i7 and great gaming specs.  DONT BUY IT.
,Recommended,288470,18025788,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Zero,Got it for 11 buxs.. cant really go wrong with that deal if you dont already have fable on pc.anyway story time.< Boots game< Sister messeges me asking if I remember back when I was a kid and running around killing people and laughing< good times.10/10
76561198031320857,Not Recommended,288470,14261077,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Max,"I loved Fable on XBOX and each of the sequels - that's what it's incredibly upsetting that Fable Anniversary is so choppy that it's nearly unplayable. I'm playing on an HP Pavillion Laptop with an AMD A10 2.10 GHz processor and 8 GB of RAM - which should be able to handle the game. Instead I'm spending my first few hours playing around with settings to try to get my character to not pause for a frame between every step he takes. The cut scenes look terrible too - the sun rising took a quick break halfway up due to this choppiness - and the character interactions look worse than on the original XBOX version. I'm going to keep looking online for ways to improve the performance but 1 hour into the game it's pretty clear that Lionhead didn't put much effort into this. Thanks for the huge dissapointment :(Update - I ended up playing through the main story and mostly ingnoring the bugginess. The choppiness gets better after the Hero Guild Graduation - but not completely. I used the Slow Time spell to make the lagginess seem less out of place, and tended to skip all the cutscenes. I did put in a lot of hours, and did enjoy myself, but if I had a choice to go back and buy this again I wouldn't. I'd take a train out to my mother's house in the subburbs and plug in my old XBOX and play the original instead."
,Recommended,288470,16453570,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,❤ Jack ❤,One of my favorite games is now Anniversary!Thank you Lionhead studios for making this game even more awesome!Love you.
76561198062199495,Recommended,288470,19625887,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Anchor Smylie,Being good is so boring.
76561197993134684,Not Recommended,288470,12320853,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Old_Man_Tosak,Sad in my opinion. Just NOT a good game.
76561198015596415,Not Recommended,288470,12310546,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Slickstar,"'HD Graphics' are shocking and barely an upgrade, especially compared to the older Fable3, which looks stunning by comparison. Worse than that: the controls. Physically and mentally painful to play. This PC port has been thrown together by a drunk monkey. This is a once great game, VERY badly repackaged and horribly overpriced. I've never been so disappointed with a game. DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,288470,13456378,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ckins,I would say this game needs an update. It glitches sometimes where the not enhanced version gave me no problems. Why Can't I save my game when I chose to? That's really dumb.
,Recommended,288470,16372923,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Yeezus Christ,"Fable Aniversary is a remake of Fable the Lost Chapers. One of my all time favorite games. While the game stays true to the original, I felt as though it could have been expanded upon. For instance, a gender option or perhaps new spells and demon doors. Also since it's a remake there should be an option to switch back and forth to see what the game looked like ten or eleven years ago. From what I can tell a controller is pretty much the way to go with this game much like the original. Everyone seems to be complaining about the graphics but to me they look fine. All in all it's a very faithful remake with some minor flaws and missed oppertunities. I'd give it a 7/10. If you're a new fan playing this then things may be a little confusing for you but as things get going, you get the hang of it. Highly would reccomend for any returning fan"
76561198080255970,Not Recommended,288470,13004602,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dyslecticdavici,After playing for a couple of hours I would not recommend this game unless you are a giant fable fan. The main reason for this is that this game is not worth the price as  virtually nothing has improved besides the textures and that is not worth your money buy an old copy of the game and use the rest of the money to enjoy an nice cup of coffee
76561198060837535,Not Recommended,288470,14410280,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,MrWoodyWooderson,"I want to like it, I really do...but it keeps crashing every time I try to start it. It's BULLCRAP!!! So I've learned two valuable lessons 1. Pay attention to reviews more, especially if they're mixed and for sure if they're negative! 2. The original is almost always (if not, it is always) better than the remake, and judging by this and the reviews, this isn't. Save your money and frustration and do not buy this game, instead buy Fable TLC, because it does in fact work, and is still a good game (minus the good graphis, but never buy a game for graphics, but instead for gameplay and a good story)."
,Not Recommended,288470,12116696,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,PresidentPark,"Here's the problem with Fable Anniversary: if you don't reeeally love Fable, there is literally no point in getting this. Unless of course you like acheivments and trading cards.I fell in love with Fable when it came out. I've completed it a zillion times over and it was only logical to buy Anniversary so I could get acheivements and trading cards and stuff for a game I've loved for over a decade.But do I love Fable Anniversary? Nope. Do I love Fable? Yep. Will anybody new to Fable love this game? Probably not.Which is why I really would struggle to recommend it to anybody who doesn't already like fable. And you'd probably really (I meant REALLY) have to like Fable to get the most out of this."
76561198057894674,Recommended,288470,14350607,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Егор Сперма,very good game
,Recommended,288470,14937907,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,C@RR0T C@KE K1D,"I feel like I need to make this review because I've noticed lots of negative feedback.Basically, this game is an updated version of the old Fable. That's it. I bought this game for $20, and loved the whole thing. That said, this game is not worth $35. Get it on sale and it's well worth the money."
76561198022813636,Recommended,288470,30299889,Posted: 3 March,all,Dust407,"A shinier version of the original, you can decapitate a bandit and kick his head around a field.10/10 would play soccer again"
76561198158836921,Not Recommended,288470,22210008,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Hjelpmooglene,"I shouldn't have bought this game out of nostalgia.I'm not a fan of the new textures, they remind me too much of fable 2. It should have been like Halo Combat Evolved remake where you could switch between new or old textures.They patched some things with the combat, making it harder to keep knocking people down into the ground. Plus, there are other things that seemed to have been patched.The achievements just seem annoying, especially when it updates you on how many more silver keys you need to get the achievement.I just feel like I had a better time playing this on the original xbox than on pc, but that's just my opinion."
,Not Recommended,288470,14281980,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hjorghensverg,Game crashes just as i press on the title screen every time. There seems to be no one with this issue online and i dont know what to do about it. 0/10 game i want a refund
,Not Recommended,288470,14291851,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,HatsuInu,"You have to ask yourself how important Achievements, Cards and native controller support are to you versus the original expereince. The old bugs and exploits are gone, but this is not to imply the game is bug free. There are no real ehancements to the gameplay itself or to the graphics. The cinematics are a blockfest. Anything new just isn't worth the extra cost. Only recommended for the diehards looking to round out their collections/experience."
,Not Recommended,288470,14271803,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Helios,"It's as if Microsoft gave Fable the lost chapter to a team of junior artists with no budget and said ""GO"". Not worth the buy, you'll save some money and get a much better experience if you just buy Fable: The Lost Chapters."
76561198157255458,Recommended,288470,12961555,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,valentineprionace,Like seeing an excelent game given better textures and re-released. Has all the past content and I believe a few new items.
,Recommended,288470,16066997,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,garbage,"Fable: TLC is possibly the best action RPG ever produced. The atomosphere is sublime, the combat is fast and diverse, and the music is incredible. Some people will argue against paying the $35 for the updated version, but I disagree. The graphics are much better than TLC, and it's overall just a better experience with support for higher resolutions and widescreen. The only pitfall with this version is the new menu system, which is obviously designed for play with a controller.  Overall, it's a great RPG with tons of replayability and a fantastic atmosphere unmatched by many games since.[EDIT: There's been a patch that disables weather effects in one of the areas near the middle of the game. Until this is fixed, which it hopefully will be, keep that in mind before purchasing the game.]"
,Not Recommended,288470,24261890,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,VolcanoesMeltYouDown,"DO NOT BUY FROM STEAM. BUY ANYWHERE ELSE!!!!!!The Fable series is excellent. Definitely my favourite RPG game of all time. I was introduced to the game in reverse order, this being the last one I've played. All of the games are well worth the money. I was ecstatic to see Fable Anniversary on sale and I jumped on the opportunity to buy it. Waste. Of. Money. I shouldve just bought the CD. Now, on to why YOU SHOULD NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME FROM STEAM.Steam does not offer suport on this game, obviously. There are some game crashing bugs that ruin the entire game, even if you try to work around them. The spells Multistrike and Berserk DO NOT WORK. Instead, they immediately crash the game, losing any progress you had made since the last checkpoint. I have researched bug fixes and have found absolutely none and Steam doesn't seem to care that they're selling a broken game. This has been an issue since 2014 as far as I can tell, YET STEAM DOES NOTHING TO FIX. I have validated my game caches, and messed with every setting under the sun to try to figure out the cause. Nothing works. If you buy, NEVER PURCHASE MULTISTRIKE or BESERK. You cannot avoid them once purchased; they're an easy accidental button press away from losing all your progress.THIS GAME IS WORTH 5 STARS.      FIX IT, STEAM.   IT'S BEEN YEARS SO THERE IS 0 EXCUSE TO STILL BE SELLING A GAME WITH HUGE BUGS LIKE THIS.I'll reccomend this game on steam when it stops crashes for stupid things."
76561198083596665,Recommended,288470,21145812,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,BYAH,"This is the best fable ever.A Beautiful remake of the original game, adding a much cleaner menu and some nice graphics. Enjoyed it even more than the original game, and is still fun to replay."
,Recommended,288470,18081803,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Niko,"This is still The Fable in most of the ways. At least, it feel it is.Looks great, works on modern systems, support controllers, can easily be modded.Can not ask for more. Play it."
,Recommended,288470,12107606,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Honorable Chair,"Wth an XBOX controller, perfectly playable. All in all, with SweetFX (and a good rig), it's a port of a port of a remake of an expansion worth buying."
,Recommended,288470,12107988,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Searchapple,Fun game just like the original. But the control scheme is not computer friendly. Nothing is placed close together. You constantly have to leave your mouse and use the arrow keys while in menus. Really there is too much to list it needs a patch badly but it just came hope so here's hoping that in a few weeks it will be all fixed up and awesome. 4/10 just for awful controls.
76561198084864235,Recommended,288470,12122427,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Varolle,"Since last update, fully playable"
,Recommended,288470,12197006,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,BlueySword,Already had 2 major updates since release. Don't be so quick to judge. This game was a big part of my childhood and it's great to play it again <3
76561198079619606,Recommended,288470,12122803,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Aronrck,I recommend the use of a controller. You cant use your mouse in any of the menus. Its only enhanced graphics at least to what i have noticed. Its still the same great game just remastered for better graphics.
,Recommended,288470,19946600,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,TheLump,Was a great game back in the day!
76561198021192273,Recommended,288470,28572643,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Charnz,Will always and forver be the classic RPG that took me away from my middle school worries. Which was practically nothing. The Nostalgia is strong.
,Recommended,288470,14998035,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,TheProfessorLuck,"I really don't understand why people are giving this game a hard time. Sure, there are a few bugs in the menu system and I see where they are coming from, but it really hasn't been a big deal for me. The port seems fine to me."
,Recommended,288470,12109536,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Teddy Prior,"Despite a few minor issues, the game plays great. A huge nostalgia trip, and new for me The Lost Chapters content. The DLC outfits are nice too, always wanted to run around as the guildmaster!For the time being I'd definitely recommend having a controller for this, key and mouse just weren't given much love here. Not to say they won't be fixing any of this in the future.Overall if you are dying for a clean and perfect experience free of any and all minor/""major"" hassles, don't get this. Go get TLC I hear it plays real smooth, not as graphically amazing, but real smooth...If you want something that with a little work, runs like a dream if you listen to what the community has to say about tweaking, then buy this. It is amazing. Real pretty, excluding Lady Grey. They seriously fudged the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of her character model. I'm serious, her neck... is a real hot mess. Hope they fix that. Killed her, not sorry."
,Not Recommended,288470,15041529,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Petriedish,"This game is absolutely unplayable on a keyboard and mouse.  Key mapping block to the middle mouse button is not ok, then when you change that mapping you cant use magic. Wish I could get my money back."
76561198041423278,Not Recommended,288470,14995082,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,The Fierce Deity,"See I played fable as a teenager and I really enjoyed it so when the hd remake was on sale for $11 I thought it might not be a bad opportunity to replay it.  At the moment I'm only about halfway though the prologue so if my opinion changes later I will revise it. Even in the short amount of time I played something seemed off. The characters faces looked nicer  but everything else looked the same and that just causes a lot of dissonence.  it just ruins the whole thing, at least for me. Hopefully my opinion will change but I doubt with all the negativity I read about the other reviews"
76561197971194978,Not Recommended,288470,14326162,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Infearno666,"On one hand this is the much loved classic Fable TLC with pretty new graphics. On the other though you'll be hard pressed to find a more buggy game. It has graphical abnormalities, random freezes, stutters, CTD's and once even BSOD'd. I've tried setting it to CPU affinity 0 since apparently it doesn't like multi core CPUs. I've tried disabling Xfire since it doesn't like multiple GPUs. Nothing seems to work."
,Not Recommended,288470,16961179,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,daninthemix,"I never played the original Fable, but loved 2 and somewhat enjoyed 3. Anniversary isn't fun. The combat is clunky and tiresome, the UI is cumbersome and the map utterly impenetrable. It's like a crude proof-of-concept for what would eventually become 2, and as such is best left in the past."
76561198006217237,Recommended,288470,26990177,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ScooterBeast,"""So you chase... chickens, then?"""
76561198026733078,Not Recommended,288470,14966052,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Legion,"So unstable it's almost insulting the devs released this piece of garbage. I love the original Fable, but this version is unplayiable, and I know my pc can run this game."
,Recommended,288470,13462435,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Lucian,"The game looks more beautiful than TLC. I just started playing and I can't say much for now. But I will return with an update.I've read the reviews before buying it, and all of you semed very disappointed in it. But I still wanted to give it a chance.As for the money, if you are smart enough(I know most aren't), you can wait a little bit and buy it when it's on sale, like holydays and other special occasions. I've bought it at half price now, 15,99E was a deal. That is how I am buying my games. ;)Most of you complained that the game menues didn't have mouse support. But I see that it has. And if you have a little patience, I know the animations would improve also. I have faith in them. <DON'T DISAPPOINT ME, YOU HEAR ME?>As for the game, it is STILL a work in progress. That's why you receive updates for it.PS: Please work a little on the in game mouse control. The movement is kindda chaotic and my head hurts. :("
,Recommended,288470,17490807,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,aLOW,i want to play more but my controller broke when i used it as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥: (
76561198137921047,Not Recommended,288470,17613486,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,sladjan.kalajdzic950,"After trying it for about six hours, I just did not feel I was having any fun. This was the first game I've ever pre-ordered before and I honestly regret doing so."
76561198117704291,Recommended,288470,25356777,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sebastian Links,"A while ago I wrote a review for this game that was just way too damn long to shorten it up ive played every version of this game on every device to TO DATE and this game is still ♥♥♥♥ing amazing to me, what other game lets you see your character litterally grow before your eyes. Plus the soundtrack is one of the best ive ever heard up there with Halo 2, Metal Gear Solid, and Elder Scrolls, All♥♥♥♥♥♥aside though if you want a Re-playable fantasy RPG unlike anyother than you've come to the right place."
76561198028678706,Not Recommended,288470,21932739,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SMAAAAAASH,"A port of the 360 re-release. Any time you die or lose a mission, the game freezes and crashes. The game mechanics are wonky, and it looks like several kills that should be credited to your character go to other characters (particulary the Killing Hobbes missions). The graphics are pretty, but not as pretty as on the 360 (lookin at you, spell graphics). The throwback to the original Fable 1 controls is nice, but...not enough to make it worthwhile. Just as sluggish as the 360 version, in terms of moving around menus."
,Not Recommended,288470,14940793,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,KyoTheKitty,"When I played it last, it was clunky, glitchy, and not really that great looking. The port for the orginal game is ten times better and probably cheaper, I'd go with that if you really wanted to play the first Fable."
,Recommended,288470,12110305,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Sufjan Stevens,"Updated: After one of the developers contacted me stating the game has indded had many of its bugs fixed I decided to give it another whirl. The game is now fantrastic. I got the same feeling when I played it on the Original ten years ago and a wave of nostalgia opened up. I'm now very happy to own the game, yet still highly angered the fact Lionhead pushed this out the door with so many faults.Old Revier: I waited so long for this, it could have been amazing. It is, at present; god awful. Avoid until bugs have been fixed."
,Not Recommended,288470,24714165,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,deviant,The graphics were updated but this game just really hasn't aged well. Wish they would bring the later games in the series to steam.
,Not Recommended,288470,14658661,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Imam Abu Hamza Al-Masri,literal garbagewhere the ♥♥♥♥ is my fable 2 you♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198023057532,Recommended,288470,14948795,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Red Leader,"It's Fable. This game blew my mind when I was a kid, and continues to fill me with the same sense of wonder even now. Peter Molyneux may have fell short with his promises way back when, but he still delivered a solid experience that deserves respect."
76561198131804750,Recommended,288470,16252958,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Vexx,Amazing Game. I would recommend it to anyone.
,Not Recommended,288470,16964735,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Nigel Burke,"I hate Fable Anniversary. I HATE FABLE ANNIVERSARY. I don't hate Fable, but Fable Anniversary is what I hate. Satan wouldn't even accept this along with your soul. Now, there are games that are bad and then ones that are very bad. THIS ONE IS VERY BAD. However, how can I love Fable - The Lost Chapers, but ♥♥♥♥ing HATE Fable Anniversary. I'll tell you those reasons. Here are 5 reasons of why Fable Anniversary sucks balls!Reason #1. The PriceSo, let's refer over to Fable - The Lost Chapters, which in my opinion is amazing and awesome. Also, this is the current prices of both of these games, so if they happen to go up or down in the future, then this won't be accurate, but this is as of July 7, 2015. Fable - The Lost Chapters on Steam is only $9.99. However, Fable Anniversary is$34.99, which is almost 4 times the price of The Lost Chapters. I know people will argue ""But this is aNEWgame!"" However, Fable Anniversary isn't a remastered version of a game that came out last year, it's a remastered version of a game that came outTEN ♥♥♥♥ING YEARS AGO. Also, it's not like it was impossible to get Fable on Windows or even the Xbox 360, as Steam has The Lost Chapters and Xbox 360 had not only a retail regular edition that was released in 2007, but you can also download it on the Xbox Live store. It would have made sense to make Fable Anniversary on the Xbox One $39.99! However, it's unacceptable that they made it only $5.00 cheaper on Steam.Reason #2. DLCI have one simple question, ONE SIMPLE ♥♥♥♥ING QUESTION. WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DID YOU ADD DLC TO FABLE ANNIVERSARY?!?!?!!? That's so much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The only way to have gotten the DLC for free is if you preordered for Xbox 360, but I don't know if that was the same with the Steam Version. They should of given this stuff forFREEif they were already going to make the game $39.99 at launch. Instead, they didn't and forced us to buy it if we ever wanted to have what was in there. ALL WELL KNOWN REMASTERED GAMES DON'T HAVE DLC TO BUY BECAUSE THEY COME FREE WITH THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME! This is something so simple that you would have to be stupid not to do that.Reason #3. SEPERATING THE INVENTORY AND OPTIONS FOR PC IS ♥♥♥♥ING ANNOYING!I liked when in Fable - The Lost Chapters that when I click the escape key, that I can go to my inventory and much more. Instead, they decided to make the options and inventory COMPLETELY DIFFERENT. They are now sepereate and it's annoying because I am so used to click to the escape key to go to my inventory, but then I remember I have to click F to go to the inventory. They made it F because that F stands for ♥♥♥♥ You to all the people who had gotten very used to the Lost Chapters ways.Reason #4. THIS GAME IS THE EXACT SAME AS THE LOST CHAPTERSTHIS GAME HAS LITTLE TO WHAT MAKES IT THE EXACT SAME AS FABLE THE LOST CHAPTERS. On the FAQ for Fable Anniversary, they said the only new things they added was a new lighting system, new models, textures, and details, new particle fx, new facial and cutscene animation, Widescreen Support, and remastered sound. That's it. Can you make your character a female? NO! Are there new quests or content? NO! Is there CO-OP? NO! Are there any Easter Eggs? NO! Are there any small pieces of content at all? NO! Any Future DLC that is actually worth the money? NO! Is there a way to switch between the HD remastered version and the original version? NO! Will there be any changes to the way your character ages as they level up? NO! The amount of changes made is so tiny that it's stupid to even why they made a remastered version. Why couldn't it include all 3 Fables, but with the first one remastered like how this one is? DOOM 3: BFG Edition did that well, why couldn't they do it like that? This game is basically a remastered version of Fable - The Lost Chapters, which is a remastered version of Fable.Reason #5, and this has to be the biggest reason of them all. IT'S THE ANNIVERSARY OF SOMETHING THAT THERE SHOULDN'T BE A ANNIVERSARY OF!Why did they make an Anniversary version of Fable? It's the anniversary of an overrated, overhyped, and short RPG! That's like making a remastered version of Brink or WATCH_DOGS. Are they celebrating of how much Peter Molyneux overhyped this game? Are they celebrating of how much of a dissapointment of this game was? Are they celebrating the Anniversary that this game wasn't even able to sell 5 million copies exclusive to their system? Is this the anniversary of how short this game was especially for an RPG? Is this the anniversary of a game series that has gone down hill after the second one? That's what the Anniversary edition of Fable is, it's all of these. Also, unlike most other remasters, NOBODY cared about getting Fable remastered at all, unlike with other AAA games, like DOOM 3 and The Last of Us.So, those are the reasons of why Fable Anniversary just sucks. I would not recommend it at its current price, but if it goes below $19.99, then you should consider getting it. Glitches make it even worse and the controls don't feel as nice as they did with Fable - The Lost Chapters. I heard many people complain about that game not having controller support, but I thought it had amazing PC controls, but Anniversary will FORCE YOU TO USE AN XBOX 360 CONTROLLER FROM THE VERY START!Let me know in the comments below if you happen to experience the exact same♥♥♥♥♥♥that i did and let me know more reasons of why to stay away from Anniversary."
76561198069383737,Not Recommended,288470,16749588,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,FN-2187,"This is a disgrace to the fable legacy. This game has the most akward camera controls, being very jumpy and often too zoomed in to do anything, Fighting enemies is a chore, and is just plainly not fun. within 20 minutes*SPOILER ALERT*Your family is killed, and when it happened, i couldn't care less. in the beginning you only play as your character for abot 20 to 25 minutes becuse of all the useless cutscenes."
76561198048256130,Recommended,288470,14185738,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,<3 Baedrian <3,After and eternity away from this game I am glad to be able to buy it again. This is probably the greatest game I have ever played. It has its flaws but the way your character develops and the feats he performs makes you so proud as the player and knowing that you are destined for great things makes you feel terrific as you are playing the game and the gear and combat. As well as becoming so powerful and unstoppable. It was the game of my childhood and now I am happy to play it again and happy to know that it is still such a wonderful game.Edit: Just wanted to say that if you guys want to get fable 2 on pc then have a look at the community on the fable anniversary page and sign this petitionhttps://www.change.org/p/we-the-people-request-fable-ii-come-to-pc
,Recommended,288470,14249969,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,[Risk] Galiant,"For those of you who may have played Fable II and Fable III and liked those, but never got to experience this original game, I would highly recommend this game. I will say that $35 is a bit steep for a graphical overhaul, as most of the mechanics (as far as I can tell) haven't been altered. For first timers it might be worth it, but if it goes on sale for 25% or more I would definitely recommend picking it up.For those that have played/own the original version, the $35 price tag is way overpriced. I would recommend waiting for at least a 50% off sale before picking this up.Bottom line... I picked this game up after get one of the mass distributed coupons for 60% off and I jumped on the offer, and I say it was well worth it. The graphics are beautiful to look at. Nothing revolutionary or next gen, but a great enough improvement over the original that makes playing through it again a whole new experience.As for the few things I dont like...- If playing with a controller... Even though I have been using 360 controllers since '06 I still find myself attempting to hit those Black/White buttons to use my bow and sword, but those are now assigned to the LB and RB. There is an option for a more Fable II and III control scheme, where X is melee, and Y is the bow. I like that control setup more, overall, but it messes with my instinct to push Y to block like the original controls do.-The faces are the one thing that seem to have suffered in the overhaul. The Hero's, Maze, and the Guildmasters faces all look wrong, compared to what I expected from the original game. But it is easily able to be overlooked and ignored.The things I have mixed feelings on...- The new menu interface... It is very different from the original. If this is your first time playing the game, dont worry. The menu setup is still logical, just different. lol It definitely looks nicer, I am just still adjusting to using the LB/RB and LT/RT to navigate rather than just having a list you scroll through with the thumbstick.- The difficulty... I recall that during my first one or two playthroughs of the game on Xbox, I used many Ressurection Phials. And then I got to the point where I could sell all but one or two, as I very rarely needed them. The Anniversary edition has two difficulties (the original just had one IIRC), the classic difficulty, and a harder one. I seriously debated playing the harder one right off the bat, as I remember that I had stopped playing the original in part because it felt too easy. But now... maybe the default is harder, or more likely I just lost my ""edge"" in the game from not playing it for a long time. I have only played about 4 hours I think at the time of writing this, and I have already used 4 or 5 Phials. lolThe things I like...- The graphics, obviously. I like seeing the detail on my gear now, and the world seems more vibrant. I have enjoyed just running around and looking at things.- Even though it seems I would have been committing suicide, I am glad that there is a harder difficulty for when I am ready to attempt that.- It is the same game I fell in love with so many years ago. Yes, including bugs lol. They had debated redoing the entire game, but I am glad they didnt. It would have been nice to see the bugs fixed, but there arent even enough to be concerned about really. This game gives me a rather large sense of visually updated nostalgia. Aside from the Halo games on Xbox, this game was my next favorite."
76561198064291417,Recommended,288470,30490574,Posted: 13 March,all,Perks,In my opinion the best game out of the trilogy. The story has great depth and characters. The choices are actually meaningful albeit the story does not dramatically change.Combat is good (if you have played number 2 the spells here are 10000x better no hold to charge bs).The face they have updated the graphics is great. This game can contend with a lot of new games out there.
76561197968106249,Recommended,288470,20338334,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Halfwit,Good Game ..Still not a fan of the controls but not a bad game worth picking up on sale
76561198062050519,Recommended,288470,20344761,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ursinho Carinhoso,Amazing game and graphs.
,Recommended,288470,21210923,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Crona the Spooky Snowball,"Played through the entire game plus all the side content I found. Seemed to run just fine, except for two crashes. Worth it in a sale, at the very least."
,Recommended,288470,14940252,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Fett-Man,"i loved the old game and i love this remake all the same. idk why people are bad mouthing it. they must having nothing better to do, and i guess they do not understand what HD remake means."
,Recommended,288470,14943820,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Krydderblanding,"I really enjoy this game, its a fun RPG and i recommend it to everyone, The controls are ok, the map size is a bit small. The worst part of the game is to get used to the cameraangles."
,Recommended,288470,24055552,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kirk \\ EmperoR [ TK ],"Fable Anniversary offers the chance for many to relive one of the First Gen Xbox Cult classics that is Fable and for me personally, a nostalgia trip. For the time Fable looked stunning, played fantastically and was packed with rich lore. FA just makes it's look nice compared to  todays games yet delivers the joy that was Fable. One of the best RPG experiences ever, I only got to play the basic training since buying but I'll be clocking up 100s of hours again, a must have for all RPG fans. RIP OAKVALE."
76561197993314155,Recommended,288470,23909216,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Hercules,HD remake of the best fable game
,Recommended,288470,32971258,Posted: 28 June,all,Tuntun~,pretty cool game with good graphics
76561198044842333,Recommended,288470,14287369,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,A Goddamn JoJo Refence,"Fun game, feels very close to the original but with better graphics. only downside is if you do the side quests when they are available your left with nothing to do when you defeat the final boss. but i still strongly recommend it to anyone who likes action rpg style combat with a very different experience system."
76561198070626237,Not Recommended,288470,22410679,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Timber,"Revisiting this makes me realize how poorly thought out certain aspects were, like the easily exploitable bartering system and dodge roll. Putting the soul crushingly shallow gameplay aside the story is almost worthless and makes no attempt to flesh anybody out-you can seriously skip every cutscene and you won't be missing much. I can't make any progress in Hero mode because the instant I try to attack the game hangs and I can't kill the process, necessitating a restart. Controls are serviceable enough, game crashes from time to time."
,Not Recommended,288470,16634153,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,KamikaziFly,"Can't start a New Game.I can select Chicken Chaser or Heroic difficulty, then the game crashes to desktop.I imagine that it may be trying to save my new game as a file, but no players have figured out how to fix this known error.I fear I am going to have to ask for a refund."
76561198059061396,Recommended,288470,13987122,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,InternetGrandpa,A must ahve for the Fable:The lost chapters fans!
,Not Recommended,288470,12240688,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,carchuleta89,It bugs where you can't have sex with Lady Grey.  WHY EVEN BOTHER.
,Recommended,288470,12228273,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,TurboNexus,"Had a few technical bugs at first, but it now runs fine!"
76561198253391641,Recommended,288470,23805585,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Pakman,Swinging Simulator 2004 remastered.Ah the nostalgia.
,Recommended,288470,32788814,Posted: 25 June,all,cujarrett,One of my favorite games growing up plays great on PC in higher resolution. It shows it's age in a few wonderful ways and is still great.8/10
,Not Recommended,288470,17289977,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Rian,I thought id love this game but i have a great pc it meets all the requirements and it still wont work i can only move for about 1/3 of a second at a time and id really like some help of a refund ive tried all the fixes so someone help
76561198229730704,Recommended,288470,20158446,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,j_cunningham91,"If you played the original Fable and The Lost Chapters edition on Xbox and thought that the sequels are/were ""meh"" then this is the nostaligia you may want with a clearer picture. Reminds me of when I began to enjoy RPG games as a child. Thank you :)"
,Recommended,288470,32909804,Posted: 27 June,all,Johnny Two Tips,A classic with improved grpahics
,Recommended,288470,18259991,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Akalonian,"After having played the original at least four times from start to finish, I can safely say that I like this version as well.Though it is exactly the same game as before and the ""graphical update"" is something a fan could of done for free, I have no regrets.The game runs fine and everything feels like it should, except for the inventory menu. I remember being able to drag and drop items, spells, and emotes into my quick-slots. Now I have to manually select where to put them one by one. I hate console ports, but I can live with this one.Possibly still the best game from the series, will come back to play it again some day."
76561198095860834,Recommended,288470,18690108,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sion Lord of Pain,So it is a good game yet i know how to make it crash lol just use one of the really long charge powers over and over crashes the game in just under 3 minutes
,Recommended,288470,18172864,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Storm Wolve™,One of the few games that could actually catch my attention and make me forget about the real world around me
76561198065026602,Recommended,288470,20163769,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,JustinTime2SXC,THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED MY CHILDHOOD GAME IN HD THERE IS NO GAME LIKE IT TODAY I JUST KEEP COMING BACK FOR MORE THE BEST FABLE GAME IN THE SERIES 10/10 <3 GREAT GAME
76561198061788520,Recommended,288470,20167340,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mactabilis,the orginal game is my favorit game of all times. yes it has it bugs. and its form my childhood. so i am recommending this game as muth as i can.
,Recommended,288470,19719538,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,tomtico22,I have played this way too long...
,Recommended,288470,19917923,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pepsi_Vanilla,"If you enjoyed Fable: TLC, then you'll enjoy the graphical update with the Anniversary version. The fact that I still enjoy this game in 2015 is telling of how fun Fable actually is. It has a decent story, good gameplay, vibrant/detailed graphics, a fantastic soundtrack, a handful of mini-games (such as Fishing and the Arena), an immersive cast of British voice actors, and it has full controller support for anyone using an Xbox 360/One controller.That being said, if you didn't enjoy Fable: TLC when it first arrived, you probably won't like this one either. It's very much a casual RPG and it does show signs of being outdated with the limited size of Bowerstone and the activities you can do, and it there are a lot of NPC's that don't have anything to offer, so they essentially exist to rub your ego (the way they react depends on your morality).Overall, Fable Anniversary is an enjoyable remaster of an older title. If you've never played Fable: TLC, I'd recommend purchasing Anniversary when its on sale just to get a glimpse of what started the Fable trilogy (let's just ignore the Kinect version entirely). I'd give this game a solid 7.5/10."
,Recommended,288470,12094611,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Lex Lagger,"Edit:I am leaving my initial review because I think it's important to know how companies release games as well as what the end product turns out to be. The game is great now aside from the menues still being terrible with a key set. The graphics are smoother, the eyes aren't taking you out of the game because they are so poorly done (decent now) and although esc doesn't back you out of menues, ""backspace"" does and that in it's self is nicer than having to use the letters on the key set.Now, I would say to go a head and play this game, and I'm changing my thumbs down to a up.(This edit was done when I saw the update installing.)Edit: Seems they may have fixed everything I didn't like... Will have to test soon and re-write the review. See patch notes here: ""New Version Available – 835543Community Announcements - OmanFixes include but not limited to:Expanded Keyboard and Mouse remapping optionsFixed a script issue with digging glyphs in NecropolisHard Mode – Removed ability to farm gold by selling houses with trophiesFixed highlight effect on textures with Alpha (trolls for example)Updated eye textures and placementFixed Moustache colour morphingAdded error message for running out of Video MemoryFixed flickering sky at 3amFixed hero morphs in the stats screenFixed new profile reverting back to previous profile on front endAdded borders to cover UI clipping on non 16:9 screensAdded Enter and Backspace as the main UI buttonsFixed a crash in the modded version with the skill upgradesDisplay the GPU Adapter at the bottom of the screen when on credits option - use this to verify which GPU your PC is using.""Original review below:I was really looking forward to this... Then I launched it.As soon as I launched this game and got to the menue I thought to myself ""This has to be the worst port I've ever seen""Navigation of the menue is not possible with the mouse, you can not move up and down in it with the W or S keys, you can't select a choice with a click of the mouse or a strike of the enter key, esc doesn't back you out. The ""A"" key selects, the ""B"" key backs up, and you must use the arrows to navigate the menue...I shut the game off in discust after I maxed all the graphics settings.Launched the game a few days later with a controller attached. OK fine, if I have to use one in game I guess I can get past the total lack of propper key set support... Now that I'm in the game my dissapointment grows further.The original animations were fun and cheaky at the low rest and dated textures, having the exact same with new textures... Just feels cheap. It can look better, with propper screen shots, and there are deffinitely added foliage, increased resolutions, and so on and so forth but... The dancing shadows from the original are amplified in this version, and you get ""pop in"" loading. I know what you are thinking, my computer must be slow or dated. I can play Witcher 2 maxed with uber sampling and not have an issue, so it's not the machines capability although who knows if it is a compatability issue.Next up, the EYES. I should have said this first but if you played it I wanted you to wait a bit to know I agree heh. The eyes are so bad they take you out of the rest of the game. They make the people look like creepy dead little dolls from a horror flick. They never are looking at the person they are talking to but they do move around and seem to stare off in a direction that might contain the city where the person is that they are talking to, but never actually at them.... This is so bad that all I can do is laugh, laugh at it's complete and utter discrace it has brought to the first game and laugh at the fact I spent money on it...They updated it so the crows in the start don't give you experience, but didn't bother to update it so you could save at any time and shut the game off and not lose your place...I may keep playing it, I'm not sure... If you want to try Fable, I sugest ""The lost chapters"" it was a fun and fantastic game. This one? Unless you want to laugh at it the way you would a movie from the 80's that's completely serious but you just can't help laugh at how bad it is, then don't bother."
76561198141575171,Recommended,288470,20761123,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,SpaceCowboy,"If you were a fan of the original Fable or of the Fable Franchise this is a must buy, dont let my hours played foul you, I had this for the 360 before it came to PC and Ive put so many hours into it.And for those of you who are new to Fable, you love it for its simple on the outside yet deep and thought provoking story/lore on the inside, and also for its well known qorky and brash humor, Fable is a classic everyone should experiece"
,Recommended,288470,20520145,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,dragoniies,"I never played Fable on the Xbox when it came out, but I had heard good things about it so when it was on sale durning the winter sale, I decided to pick it up.  I am sure glad I did!  It has a great story, the combat is fluid and easy to control and the inventory system is very good, although I will there was a little easier to tell what you have equiped. I highly recommend this game if you have not played Fable before, if you have I have heard not much has changed so it might be a waste of money unless you a die hard Fable fan. Bottom line: Get it if you have never played Fable before."
,Recommended,288470,21092237,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jaron,Fable = Yes
,Recommended,288470,16017423,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Tojoi,"Better than I remembered, if not shorter. Good gamepad controls. A worthy relaunch."
76561198121115976,Recommended,288470,23981518,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Spitzkopf Larry,tried to gain all 30 silver keysgame bugged out so i could only find 29.get tilted and ragequit.still cool game.10/10 would tilt again
,Recommended,288470,20491296,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,daughtermurder™,"This is a remaster of a 12 year old game whose core gameplay is good enough to stand against the giants available for purchase today in the genre - the definitive version of Fable/Fable: TLC. I spent countless hours playing Fable for the Xbox growing up, and when I saw Anniversary up on the winter sale this past December I jumped at the opportunity to experience the version of the game I never had when I was younger (I never played through TLC).What a great experience! I've loved every single minute of my playthrough thus far, and will probably do a second one shortly after!Controller support is great (I use a Steam Controller when playing), but I'm sure the KB+M controls work fine as well. The old hero save glitches are gone which could be a boon or a negative depending on who you speak to. The graphical updates are noticable but still retain the charm that the original Fable had.If you played this game when it was originally released and you were a fan - GET THIS! Get it on sale, get it full price, whatever you may do - just buy it. If you have the patience to wait, pick it up on sale (it goes on sale frequently) and get the best value for your dollar. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,288470,24165657,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Redaktor,"Old, good Fable... It's classic LionHead game, but not 1:1. It's great remaster. Graphic is better, but in my opinion classic is still good. Original Fable: The Lost Chapters is cheaper than Anniversary, but I think it was good buy."
,Recommended,288470,29033879,Posted: 5 January,all,almosdd,"Pros :- Great Story- Very specific character- Unique World and controls- Nostalgic RPGish- U can marry someone :>- Mod bring more things <3- Aging system is... ""something"" :^)Cons :- Go to small place -> camera ruin everythin \o/- Marriage's system is kinda.. useless(except u marry Lady Grey) :^)- cutscene kinda akward.. i guess..."
,Not Recommended,288470,21063704,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Epsilon,Unplayable
76561198081947615,Not Recommended,288470,21105978,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,DandyFOXX,"It's a real good game with a nice story and gameplay, but being an ""anniversary edition"", there is nothing new or exciting in this version, only with improved graphs & sound (and lots of lags lol). So, I highly recommend to buy the lost chapter, it's the same thing and more cheap."
76561198108954837,Recommended,288470,14428934,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Skerdi Dizdari,Old Memories!!!
,Recommended,288470,14466773,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Triskaidekathon,"Fable 1 is like dollar store candy- cheap and unsophisticated, but still tasty none-the-less in a junky kind of way. It helps that it doesn't take itself seriously in the least. Anniversary, then, is like the candy makers going over the recipe again, fiddling with the sugar quantity, maybe sourcing a slightly better supplier of chocolate liquer, upgrading their factory machinery, and investing in a more professional-looking packaging. Its still junky dollar-store candy, but now its the BEST junky dollar-store candy. Patching has done much to resolve stability issues, and my gripes are few, mostly in relation to non-functionality of Boast UI and the continued annoyance of trying to buy property in Bowerstone South."
76561198019208389,Recommended,288470,15002563,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,kairul1392,"I have played every Fable game made. Since Fable Anniversary is the remake of the first Fable game, I can only say that the new fight system is hedious. I'm playng it with a controller and its troblesome to use magic. I prefer when pressing the RT button and have a set of three spell skills that i can use instead of keeping on changing the spells that I'm going to use. It should be easier if I can use different set of spells while fighting since the block button is moved to RB. Nevertheless, I will still recomend this game."
76561197982950406,Recommended,288470,15027276,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Vamandrac,"A very nice facelift to a fun RPG.  I had not played Fable since the original game on XBox I was worried the game would have not aged well.  While the visuals and story still hold their own almost 10 years later, the combat controls can be a tad clunky if you are using a mouse/keyboard.  I would recommend anyone that is a fan of the series give this game a try and hopefully we will see the rest of the series on Steam down the road."
76561198076233367,Recommended,288470,16432918,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,DopifiedSmurf,"This game was one of my favorite games as a child... And i love it still, The anniversary edition really brings out everythingof the original story just better! But it might have some flaws and may have some original glitches but you guys must just take this game how it is... Its just trying to fix up the original and its awesome! But i did experience some erased progress. Make sure to backup your game files, I might be looking at this game through rose tinted glasses but i highly  reccommend this game... Make sure to grab it on sale ;)"
76561198183099086,Recommended,288470,14775992,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Zo,"This is an awesome game and it's worth buying! I used to have it for my Xbox 360 but after selling away my Xbox 360, I greatly miss this game so much. It is my favorite RPG game! Thanks to LIONHEAD that had made it a FULL CONTROLLER SUPPORT so I can finally get to play this awesome game again! I'm not good at playing with keyboard and I really hate to play PC games that are not supported by controller. This game is awesome and there are no glitches, bugs or any crashes."
76561198118746209,Recommended,288470,15023092,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,sailor cat,Personally so ♥♥♥♥ing nostalgic.
76561198161730350,Recommended,288470,15041498,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,fauzy,Brought back so many memories. Would definitely recommend.
76561197991207502,Recommended,288470,15751659,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,A1mless,"Patch fixed it, game is playable and good."
,Recommended,288470,16514323,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dozer15,"Easily one of the most ""Original"" rpg's ever made. Hat's off to Peter. Fable 2 was great, Fable 3...eh not so much. This one is by far the best. I put it up there with KOTOR 1 and 2. The music score alone identifies the series."
,Recommended,288470,16576983,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tasear,"Didn't get a chance play it the orginal then this is worth your time and money. The game is legendary open world game that uses lionhead studios world renow implemnation of good and bad moral system. So your choices actually matter to legendary ( at the time) AI or Npcs in the game.Notes- You get old- Their eyes don't blink ( someone make a mod pls)- magic, you like potions right?- You can kill the villagers or become their hero? ( Take out your passive agreesive in a healty manner)- Chicken abuse is okay unlike skyrim- The NPC have lives. ( I saw one reading a book then chatting with guy who was eating an apple)Soultion1) Changed the system config - Boot proccesses to 42) Put the game on a faster external hardrive ( using this one)3) Use the xbox controllerTLDRYou own or played the orginal  than don't waste your time or money. The next one comes out soon.You don't own this then buy it and put it on external hard or look for a mod/patch."
,Recommended,288470,16591527,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Supertard,"As a fan of the original game and not so much the sequels, this game was a wonderful nostalgic ride. Sure, it's not as polished or pretty as a modern game, but fans of the original game will love it. The updates are nice. I do miss the old level up menu though.In any event, it's worth playing for about $15 or less, I say. Full price is hard to justify but I got it on sale at $8.74. Very worth it for that price."
,Recommended,288470,16577009,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,noobdungeon,"Fable was a game backed by huge promises and a lot of hype. Although it didn't live up to every claim that Lionhead Studios made, it did manage to deliver a great action RPG, with a lot of character and humour. Fable Anniversary on Xbox 360 gave me so many problems, that it left a sour taste in my mouth, and I flat out put that console back in the closet. I found it on here for sale the other day, and I am glad I gave this one a second shot. I got to relive all the epic moments and see all the sights Albion has to offer, but this time with a fresh coat of paint and a few slight changes to bring this game up to par. Aside from a few problems here and there (nothing game breaking) and some freaky looking character models, Fable Anniversary was 20 hours well spent, and I actually look forward to my next adventure in this wonderful game!"
,Recommended,288470,16656769,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Silky Elton John,"Not sure how this game was at launch, as i waited 2 months, but ran fine for me since I got it, started playing again recently now that I can.Yeah, the Hero can look a little bit strange in this game, but it is smooth, fun to play, and of course good story like the original obviously and as well, it has awesome enviroment's.If you have the orignal Fable (lost chapters), you don't NEED to pick this up, especially not at full price, wait till its on sale for sure. But if you new to the series and want a new RPG game to play, honestly this is a great place to start if you do not want to play the older game.(BIG FAN of the Fable Series. Even parts of 3 were alright with me, had fun on COOP with old friends. But this, is much better.)"
76561198069805746,Recommended,288470,16872856,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,KRUNKRAT,"Where to begin,Let me start off by saying the original Fable game was one of my first Microsoft gaming experiences (Got it with the Crystal EDition Xbox with Fable and Crimson Skies). Since then however many years ago, Ive owned 6 copies of this game whether it be the original, lost chapters, or anniversary. It was on sale on the summer sale and for the low price tag, I had to try the PC port.Im a huge fan of the game, and the series, however this PC port is less than what is desired. Lets start off with the basic skeleton of the game, the graphics.GraphicsThis Anniversary edition is pretty much Lost Chapters remastered, with a very linear reskin for graphics. The graphics have improved by a little bit yes, but some animations are still quite static and robotic. For a game they are asking $40 full price I guess there isnt too much space to complain about, but when you look at other aanniversary games (Halo 2 Anniversary as an example) that offer full redone and appropriate next gen reskin, its hard to pass this as acceptable. For owners of Lost chapters, its not worth spending that kind of money for minor graphical enhancements. The thing with graphics that drive me nuts with this game is the color palette and shadowing. Original fans like myself will notice this when you first start off, as the green and red outlines around foes/allies are a murky and dull shade, where these colors should be vibrant and identifiable such as the original.Id give the graphics 3/5.SoundFor me this games sound component has always been stellar. The composed music in this game is well written and very recognizable. The music composure fits the game well, and changes appropriately without being abrupt as situations in the game change. Whether its browsing throughout the guild, to entering the woods and entering into a combat scenario. As far as sound effects go there is quite abit of repitition, but its to be expected in an older title, and its only going to bug you if you focus on it. Voice acting is another strong point of this game as some of the main characters (minus your hero obviously!) have very interesting voices, and some of the scripting the speak is quite funny and entertaining.Overall, with the music being a strong point for me and the mix of it all into one works well, id give the sound 4.25/5, especially considering the age of the game (unsure if sound was remastered for the anniversary edition, will have to look)StoryAnother great part of this game. Original fans will feel quite at home and know what they are getting into. New fans will have a great story mode to get into and see how it all intertwines. From the original Oakvale raid, to the battle with Jack of blades, its quite a nice vengeance based story mode that will keep you interested. The transition from the original game to the added extention of Lost Chapters has always been odd for me. You can definitly tell where the original game ended, and where they slapped on the added part of TLC. However, the variety in missions and rewards make this well worth looking into. 4/5ControlsHere is the major flaw with this PC port. The controls are awful. Controlling the camera with the mouse while trying to balance out everything else out on the keyboard is less than desired. In High tempo, higher ranked combat it is quite difficult to go from say a range attack, to melee, to will in a smooth way. I find myself getting lost on the keyboard trying to remember all the silly Hotkeys (Clicking in the mouse wheel to block?!). I havent looked to see if I can change these or not, but even fresh off the install, better controls should be offered as you seem to be all over the keyboard to map simple combos and interactions. Again im very new to the PC port, so I dont consider this part of the review to be fair. Im going to look into other control options, and test out the full control compatibility and update this.But as of now, 2/5 for controlsGameplayBeing a fan of this game I knew what I was getting into. There are gold quests which are your main storyline quests, while silver are selective. Theres a great balance between these quests and none of the main quests seem repititous in anyway. They are all interconnected and feel smooth, while the silver quests seem to be less polished. Whether its combat in the Arena Quest, or racing in your underwear in the prison, I think most gamers will be quite happy with the versatility offered in this game. Its nowhere near as in depth as other RPGs as Skyrim or WoW, but for a casual common gamer such as myself that doesnt want to put 500hrs into the game, its great for pickup and play.The combat mechanics are simple, yet effective. You have a decent selection of basic weapons (Swords, Hammers, Scythes, Bows, Crossbows, etc) which are then placed into damage categories based on level (Obsidian, Master etc). Not to mention the Legendary weapons you can find in game through chests, quests, and other means. Like previously stated, the only amjor hinderance with the combat in this game is abmysal controls.Gameplay 4.25/5Overall, would I recommend this game? For the $9 I paid for it, definitly. For users looking to get into it I cannot recommend it at $40. Owners of Lost Chapters especially, save your time and money,ID RATE THIS PORT 3.5/5Its a great game for a great series, and those who didnt experience it on both xboxs like I did, I would recommned picking up this port and checking out this great story and game. For myself, I can look  past the flaws as im a huge fan of the game, and hopefully you will do the same and experience the core of Fable and where its popularity came from.*Thanks for reading my first review, I will update as I continue on with the game as obviously I dont have much time played right now."
,Recommended,288470,29197703,Posted: 11 January,all,useless fucking psychologist,8.5/10
76561198022776089,Recommended,288470,13303070,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Shadow worker,I thought even though it is the hd version of the xbox original it's just fun as I remember it.
76561198068883129,Recommended,288470,18193907,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Average Mortal,Great.(I would recommend using a Controller to play as I found the PC controls to be slightly awkward).
,Recommended,288470,14342572,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CImanov,Thank you very much but you can still add a lot.
,Recommended,288470,14347627,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Xerolen,a good ode to the original.
76561198090403927,Recommended,288470,14394126,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,KoaKonstrictor,"I got this game for about $12 because Steam gave me a 60% coupon got this game. Personally, I love Fable. Played it when I was a child and I play it as an adult. This game is best played on a 360 controller to avoid the bugs with the keyboard and hot keys. Over all the game is a super boost of nostalgia and the reworked graphics make it a pleasure to play. Takes about 50 hours to max your character, get all the keys and do all the achievments.Good job Lionhead Studios!"
76561198084299385,Recommended,288470,17424345,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,ebola chan,What is there to say? The first fable was the best one. Only bad part about this remake is the faces...
,Recommended,288470,20368631,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Chamberlain ⛧,"I have been playing fable for a LONG time and have loved every bit of every game. I never got to playing The Lost Chapters because the graphics kind of turned me down. But when i saw this on steam I knew the time was NYE! I played it and LOVED it through every battle and restart. The game does have its bugs, but I think they are overlookable. YOU SHOULD PLAY THIS GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,288470,24967300,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,pugmaster2003,This game is the only of its kind. It's awesome!
76561198019094882,Recommended,288470,21091263,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,moxiecrimefighter,"Having played this game when it was first released on the xbox I came back with nostalgia clouding my vision. After playing for only 2 hours, I remembered why the nostalgia was there. This game is and always will be one of my favorite games. It was one of the first games that I thought captured the good and evil aspects of the game extremely well. The way your appearance changes depending on what actions you take was really well done. The only thing I really wished they had was legendary armor sets. The special named weapons were exciting and hard to get, if only they would have done that with armor also.Another thing I wonder about is, where the heck is fable 2 anniversary? I would purchase that game instantly if it existed..."
76561198052309546,Recommended,288470,28959631,Posted: 2 January,all,Nomak,Great game!
76561198093435711,Recommended,288470,14967640,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,xmlgxsweeper,i love this game
76561198105931301,Not Recommended,288470,17108844,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,RussianCrackHead,I previously owned this game before getting refund. I got the refund because the game stops and goes every second not lag I think the port is just♥♥♥♥♥♥.. Didnt make it past the start village.
76561198042237254,Recommended,288470,19249802,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Joxus,One of my favs since forever.
,Recommended,288470,33531117,Posted: 14 July,all,Fehlnir,A guided journey through your parent's various anniversary dinners.
,Recommended,288470,30509680,Posted: 14 March,all,RoseMizoo,I was lucky enough to be invited to the testers category for Fable Legends. Super sad Lionhead Studios has gone under. Sad story for sure. This game will always be a classic favorite.
76561198034456335,Recommended,288470,19533569,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,NSK,"It's an awesome game, I enjoyed it every time I played it (at least 10 times, in different styles)."
,Recommended,288470,23040276,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,s0ma,You can play soccer with your enemys head10/10 IGN
76561197970554803,Not Recommended,288470,21724851,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Squatingtiger,"Fable on the PC is pure nostalgia inducing fun for me. Very rarely can I go back to a game and remember where I was or what I was doing in my life at the time but Fable was "" good old days "".So when I purchased Anniversary edition I was looking forward to going back again, kinda like those hippies who are all like "" hey man, I gotta get back to the times of Woodstock man!""Sure, I got sent back alright...back to the title screen to quit and uninstall. Don't be fooled by my playtime, if you've played Fable before, then you would expect things to be "" just so"". I actually spent all 5 hours of that troubleshooting performance and controll issues while playing.If you have an xbox, better to get this on a console rather than on PC.I could say plenty good about Fable though, just not this particular version. It's just got a new lick of paint, some decent textures, enhanced lighting and god rays, different interface, game is still the same though....but with worse peformance. Even trying the plethora of peformance fixes out there that have been suggested, the game still runs like a wounded snail and no, it's not my rig.As I type this review, I've actually started a new game in the original pc version. I honestly can't figure out why they thought it needed an Anniversary edition now looking between the two versions. The original ran perfectly well, has no hitches or gamestopping moments, the graphics yes are dated but there's nothing like running a game with perfect performance on full settings.The one and only thing I can recommend about this version is that it looks nice."
76561198002994358,Recommended,288470,27826550,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Swagneto,"This review will be simple, for players that already played The Lost Chapters, and are feeling nostalgic, this is a must, basically an improvement over the original game, just putting it up to date with better graphics and fixes, just buy it and enjoy again those days."
76561198028511751,Recommended,288470,25696109,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,onetacopls,Classic RPG
,Recommended,288470,25851101,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,нǝɐɹтвeaт💓,This was one of my fav childhood games.Loved this game so much.So glad to find it on steam.Brings back good memories of kicking chickens :')
76561198040919135,Recommended,288470,20233143,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Cylexus,"Wonderful, Classic Game. I just hope the eventually Release Fable 2 and 3 on Steam - I have no intention of buying an anccient xbox and I would love to play those games sometime :)"
76561198015028883,Not Recommended,288470,24303282,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Tiris,"All they had to do was make an HD versio n of the game that put this company on the map. Somehow they kinda messed it up. The small changes they made took away from the fun aspect Fable TLC had. no Hero Save, the inventory screen is a god damn nightmare. UI isn't great either. I honestly havent found myself having fun at all. It really upsets me becuase Fable TLC is one of my biggest loved games.If you're looking for fun. Go buy the original. Its better."
76561198027956313,Recommended,288470,23842026,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mr. M4ntv1s_92,"It's pure classic this game, you'll finish it, and finish it over, and over again !!! one from the best of all fable series (at least to me)...Always getting nice ""nostalgia"" when playing this game (reminds me good old times!)Game itself it's very good, and fun. Plus now it have ""HD"" textures so it's even more badass. I am happy that developers resurrected, and improved this legendary game (in graphics, audio, UI, new features, Aspects!)I recommend to you guys, to buy this game on huge sale. Because even it's an improved ""HD"" game, but still standard price it's way to high. Same stuff with ""DLC"" some new weapons, and outfits it's cool and nice to have, but as i said buy with huge discount. DLC's price is overpriced, unless your huge ""fable"" fan so yeah grab it :)Overall my verdict - 8,5/10 great classy game!"
,Recommended,288470,19945270,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Haedrick,The Nostalgia is real.
,Recommended,288470,24142761,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mike or Something,just as good as I remember it. lots I forgot that happens but overall an amazing game
,Recommended,288470,25223049,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,insert_bomb_here,Always loved the Fable universe.
76561198037875663,Recommended,288470,25356806,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,raible9,"Great game.Maybe it's just me, or maybe it takes time to get used to, but the UI is god awful..."
76561198107509390,Recommended,288470,25301933,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,SuperGameWarrior101,Just as awesome as the original. I've never had so much fun. Thank you Lionhead Studios for such a great series. RIP Lionhead Studios.
,Recommended,288470,23973102,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jethio,"Nostalgia, Nostalgia, Nostalgia. This is the greatest adventure RPG game I've ever played."
,Recommended,288470,17988547,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Roycehellion,"Great HD remake. The voices and sounds are the same as are the dynamics of gameplay.  All the old tips and tricks still work.The only dissapoiting part is the Hard mode.  Making money is irritating unless you invest in real estate since Guile doesnt affect your buying/seeling prices.  I realize this is to prevent the market manipulation that lets you basically start the game w/ master weapons and plate armor, but it still sucks.  The Greatwood Forrest immediately starts with bandits and it is kinda hard at first, but after you do the first Hob Killing missions the rest of the game in Hard mode is as easy as regular :/  I wanted more of a challenge."
76561198045199712,Recommended,288470,17437978,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,williammead777,This game may be a remake but has a lot of the same fun as the first.
,Recommended,288470,13973971,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Winjin,"Where to start.Oh my Avo, where to start.I first played Fable: The Lost Chapters when it was out on the PC. It was... I don't know. This game somehow got under my skin. All the quests, the pace, it's just perfect. Since then I played through it for about 7 times, as a Warrior, a Mage, an Archer, a good Mage, a Bad Warrior, as neutral jack-of-all-trades... I really disliked Fable 2 and Fable 3 because they somehow dropped all of the Fable Lore, leaving only the name and game mechanics intact, basically everything else was dropped. But the game was growing old and the graphics really stumbled behind.Plus, the game had one flaw: it was incredibly easy. It's a great thing when you show it to your parents or your gf, but the friends did frown on me :D in the Anniversary there's a new Harder mode, for those who like it.But they didn't change anything in terms of gameplay or characters, so I think this is a perfect rendition, when the game isn't changed, only cleaned up visually. Many great old games could use the kind of loving HD remake, when everything is overhauled by hand.So, for those who love nice stories with role-play possibilities or those who LOVED Fable I - this is a totally great game."
76561198088354128,Recommended,288470,13555828,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,graham von do,love it i love fable and hey its back in hd thats just great can wait to see more and i all so onw fable tlc so is is great
76561198073841210,Recommended,288470,13560298,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DemonicAngel,I would recommend this game if they would fix the telaporter map! Also the little ground and wall catches like tree roots and gaps in the walls that look like you might be able to go through!
76561198038796998,Recommended,288470,13567191,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,AavaChan,"Fable is one of my favorit RPG games, and as Fable Anniversary is a remake of the very first one, there is little to say about the actual gameplay. It still as good as when it first came out.I have tried playing this game with both keyboard and a controller. And I must say it's absolutely horrible to even try to figure out how to play it with the keyboard. The game comes with two setting for the controller, either the classicial one for Fable 1 or the enhanced version that are used in Fable II & III, depending on which control scheme you prefer.The menus are re-designed and I'm sorry to say that it's to the worse. It's hard to navigate and you never really know where to find anything. You end up spending far too much time on browsing the menu than finding what you are looking for.The graphics are indeed updated. One can question though if it's really as good as it can be. You still see the low poly and low ress textures. The alpha shaders (hair and vegetations) are beyond all criticism. It's just horrible.That said, the game is still enjoyable and if you see it only as a slightly enchaed version of the first game, it's still as fun as it was back then.Graphics 4/10Gameplay 9/10"
76561198064516351,Recommended,288470,13626870,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Tatertot92,"If you love Fable: the Lost Chapters, you'll absolutely love the remastered version, Fable Anniversary.The remastered visuals and the updated difficulty really bring this awesome game back to life.It is well worth the extra money to buy this version rather than The Lost Chapters.Personal rating: 9.2-10."
,Recommended,288470,13699351,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CHAOS,Pretty good. Did a couple vids on it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOnFcJK4q68
,Recommended,288470,13702303,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Crazylegs,Loved the original on PC. Enjoy the anniversary edition but agree with many reviewers that the gameplay just seems dated. My only major gripe is that the audio in the game is super glitchy and doesn't work well with surround sound.
,Recommended,288470,13843681,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,mvhulk20,After Finally getting this classic Gem on the winter sale it brought me back to the good old day's when i was playing this on my original xbox but things have definitly changed and in a very good way this game looks great Lion Head really did a great job remastering this game i would say the only down side is that it felt better playing with a controller and i'm the kind of guy who likes to play his RPGs with a keyboard and mouse but still i would recommend this game to either newcomers to the franchise and for the people who want that nostalgia feeling
76561198125294979,Recommended,288470,14270514,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,AnagramDan,"As a fan of the original game, as well as te entire series, I was pleased to see a remake of the the original. The graphics have been well enhanced as well as the overall stability and speed of the game. Any fan of rpg's should definitely give this game a try."
76561198021415970,Recommended,288470,14449247,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,dylanellingham,Amazing..... Takes me back to my early Xbox days...
76561198155684196,Recommended,288470,13695685,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,THAToneGUY-76,Chicken Chaser...awesome
,Recommended,288470,13482368,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,God King Emperor Marf,"Great Game, Great Franchise, Great reboot.Thoroughly recommend.Gameplay is a little un-polished but it is overall a fantastic game with a fantastic plot and a lot of terrific quirks, combat is fun, camera is a little odd and jittery.Microsoft if you love money so much why haven't you ported Fable 2 yet?"
76561198073865780,Recommended,288470,13491678,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,drecarnoir,"The only problem I have with this game is that the dynamic lighting kills my framerate. The game runs a lot more smoothly with it disabled, but I like to play with lighting in my game and not have the world look like it has cloudy weather all the time. But really that's my only beef with Fable. Hopefully a the devs could patch the game so it runs better with dynamic lighing enabled."
76561198076485617,Recommended,288470,14001866,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Elophantsoup,Probably one of my top games of the past year next to bioshock infinite. The choices really do affect your character and the people around you. The only thing that disapointed me was the fact that there was no real way to go full will which i might be wrong about.
76561198071073421,Recommended,288470,14015183,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kuntz,this was an extremely fun and nostalgic trip if you have played the original and if it is your first time playing this then it is hands down the best fable to be released to date.
76561198055964101,Recommended,288470,13605597,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Metal king slime,brilliant
76561198006793829,Recommended,288470,13772911,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,XDark_HonorX,Harder difficulty setting from original 10/10 love it.
,Recommended,288470,13838328,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,burnster321,"If you have lost chapters, i wouldn't get it. if you like fable adn lost the lsot chapters get it!"
,Recommended,288470,12091220,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,St0l3n_ID,"Updated 10.11.14So we finally got mouse support, reason to check all patches and take another look at controls, keys and graphics.The game improved, navigating the menu with the mouse is behaving strange, but thats not unusual for console ports, and at least we can do that now.So that works argueable well, in comparision with the 4-key system from before its a 400% improvement. The menu was the main reason i didnt play Anniversary so far, it just made the task of doing anything in the menu unbearable. Thats fixed now. It could be better, but its ok.Contols and fighting system are still like the original, i like that. Yet we werent able to fe. use special mouse buttons or rebind individual actions. All this is possible by now.Graphics had to live through some changes and are now less blurry and sharper overall. Nice to actually see the better graphics now ;)For a review of the game itself (story, world gameplay) check my Fable - The Lost Chapters review, the games are 99% identical and control the same way (aside from menu as discussed before).I'll just say that the old version was/is one of my most favorite games of all time.http://steamcommunity.com/id/st0l3nid/recommended/204030Fable Anniversary finally got the curve, there is still some room for improvement, but we can finally enjoy with mouse and keyboard and nice graphics. I change my vot from no to yes therefore.'nuff said."
,Recommended,288470,12097300,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Watsonian,"The original game with some graphical textures is arguably a much better game overall. The lack of menu and key binding options, the lack of hotkey porting especially (there's no F key bindings I have found), makes this game not only lazy but extremely frustrating to play.Don't buy this if you are thinking about it. If you haven't seen already, you can't actually use your mouse in the menus. WHY? I assume it would have taken 2 or 3 hours at the very worst to put the capability back in, or copy and adapt the code from *any* other game from the studio.Edit: 2 months of fixes later and it has become quite a good game, happy to recommend it now."
76561198002940034,Recommended,288470,12460352,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,riggleman13,"If you plan on playing this game with an xbox 360 controller, then you have nothing to worry about in regards to controls with this game. Most of the negative reviews were made when the game first came out, before all the patches and bug-fixes were released. The game right now is pretty solid and I'm enjoying every moment of it. The price for it is a bit high, in my opinion. I would have thought $19.99 would have been a more suitable price for an HD remastered title. If it goes on sale anytime soon, I would definitely recommend getting it, then. Or if you don't mind paying the $34.99, then I would certainly grab it now."
76561198011828215,Recommended,288470,12112160,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,BmanDD,"Ive loved this game forever, but this is terrible. It doesnt look better, its worse. Forget playing this without a controller. I now have a fable shaped hole in my heart, and a 35$ dent in my wallet."
,Recommended,288470,12074736,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,kiseruyoru,"Absolutely just. . . .the exact sound I made when we saw the hero's face was ""gyuh!?"",. . .This is a good with the same kind of horrendous aesthetic choices. Characters and objects (training dummy e.g.) don't fit with the environment, the low camera with the new visuals make the buildings look like some weird low-budget 3D movie set, and the Fire bridge that looks epic even today is just..underwhelming, clashing, and not at all nice to look at. They done %$@#$ed it up. That clay-ish colour palette, that doesn't help. Fable is meant to be bright and vibrant and  .. . well . . .cartoony. The more realistic colouring and texturing looks really, really wrong on the basic designs of everything else.That said, game runs better than TLC, windowed mode works properly, and finally get a controller on PC. Plus, if nothing else, the hard mode -does- remove both the trade and the sell house with trophy money cheats. There's still stuff you can do, but the worst offenders have been dealt with, and the only real limitation the limited funds put upon you is how many potions you can burn thru.EDIT:The above has been edited as well, so update is a better term, but anyway . .. .The patches do make hard mode more interesting, the worst offenses as a port (keybindings) have been addressed, and just all in all, they're doing a lot to improve things. I still HATE the new aesthetic, but I'll have to begrudgingly offer up a recommend now."
,Recommended,288470,12076587,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Mr Big,"Edit: A bit of a bumpy launch with bugs a plenty, but a speedy response by the developers to squash them all ironed everything out. Now plays as expected, and the fond memories are coming back."
76561198070022159,Recommended,288470,12078317,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Daquank,"It does freeze now and then for a few seconds and it happens anywhere, anytime.I can't seem to use my inventory properly.The looks of the game are quite nice now not that it wasn't before. But some faces looks like (excuse me) ****!The main menu and such looks nice now too, but painful to navigate.I would kindly recommend you to wait for future fixes before buying.Overall rating: Somewhat pleased but very disappointed.Post patch: most problems have been fixed or are on a good track to be.Rating has leveled up!!"
76561198041522353,Recommended,288470,12078765,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,glen.w.kelly,"Significant problems- blurry- main character as a boy looks aweful- no mouse support in menu's (very big issue)- doesn't look much better than the original PC versionAvoid until at least the mouse support in menu's is fixed-------------------------------Update 18/11/2014, looks like they have fixed most of the issues I noted above with the exception of the boy model, having checked the forum, it would seem that most user are fairly happy with the game now.As much as I was disappointed with the game upon release at least the developers have stuck with it fixing the problems, the deserve credit for that.Hopefully there will still be some fixes still to come like the boy model."
,Recommended,288470,12079685,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Valane,"NEW REVIEW: So they fixed all the bugs and issues, the new graphics are alright (nothing special, especially for a PC game). Gameplay's always fun (since it's fable). Of course, usually a remake is the original but reimagined, where you'd expect an entirely new game based off the original, though really it's still the same exact game, I think most of the animations are the same, weapons are mostly the same with a few exceptions. I honestly expected an expanded story, maybe more adult with the Fable Fan Community now all grown up, no longer in their teens or childhood. Honestly I wouldn't really ""recommend"" this game, though it's an improvement from TLC, it's nothing new or different. If you already have TLC I wouldn't say this is worth 60 dollars, though it won't freeze and crash like TLC did often.OLD REVIEW: This is subject to change, since this is only the first day, but essentially it's the same exact game as TLC, only with a new GUI that doesn't allow you to use your mouse in menus, and a screwed up combat system. If you want to learn more I have a nice big rant in the forums. I just hope Lionhead fixes this."
,Recommended,288470,12114987,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Master O-Benwan,"I'm changing my review cause they fixed all the problems I had with the origional port. CURSOR CONTROL is now a thing and its actually really good. The menu is so much easier to control and that makes me so happy. Get the game. Enjoy the game, you know you will. But hey, if you still have problems with it then wait some more time and more updates. I however am now satisfied."
76561198098554655,Recommended,288470,12265199,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Michael is MB,"Brings me back to the original Xbox game. This game is just fantastic! The story is great and bashing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people with swords and stuff is really fun! This game will suck you into it, so if your looking to sink a ton of hours into a game this is the game for you. GET THIS GAME!  10/10 would play again."
76561198082709995,Recommended,288470,12282810,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Le_Ananas,"People are saying that this game is just Fable TLC with slightly better graphics and this is a horrible remake. Well, that's what a remake is. The same game, but with better graphics. If they had changed a lot of things, then it really wouldn't feel like the original fable now would it? I've played Fable Anniversary for hours upon hours, and I get a nostalgic feeling when playing it, which means Lionhead did great on this remake. Because that's what the remake is susposed to do, it's suposed to make you relive those awesome moments you had playing Fable 10 years ago, and that is exactly what this game does. It has great graphics, has the original gameplay and it just feels overall amazing.Great job Lionhead, and thank you for allowing us to relive this legendary game."
76561198055493776,Recommended,288470,12495231,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,FishSpider777,"The game is great, but I as for the moment I lack a contoller(broke a few days ago) it need sto be updated with full mouse support on menues having to use the keyboard to navigate is a pain but the rest of the game plays fine with a keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,288470,13015048,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,"Many felt cheated. Well the benefit of steam is: you get discounts....lots of them over every single month. So just wait out till price drops.I expected nothing more than was it used to be. Considering that most so called HD remake tend to slightly improve the game, I had little to no expectations regarding improved graphics, sound, control, and contents. It's still a solid good ol' rpg.If you played fable before: Wait for price drop. Unless of course you can ignore the aforementioned lack of 'improvements', then by all means, buy and experience it again. This time with achievements!If you haven't played fable: Buy it, but don't expect it to be like fable 2 or 3 in terms of contents or graphics. Still the best fable out of all 3 I think.Or you can simply wait until price drops."
,Recommended,288470,12074790,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Silurius,"UPDATE: As of 21/12/2014, the game is playable, even enjoyable. Most major problems and concerns have been ironed out and the addition of mouse controls in most menus (but oddly enough not all) has made this an actual PC port worth considering. With this in mind, I'm changing my review to a recommended. I will not remove the original criticism, though, as I feel the ""release broken port, then fix all the faults afterwards"" trend has got to stop, and we as the consumers have to tell the developers and publishers that this practice is not okay.TL;DR: The current state of the game is acceptable. What we got at launch, was not.ORIGINAL CRITICISM:If you thought the original port was bad, boy are you in for a treat. This game features endlessly loading textures, with the graphical fidelity of a game from 2006. The menus seem like they've been made by aliens with no idea of how humans use their hands, and the most annoying controls are not rebindable.I think this is a crying shame, as I loved the original as a teenager, but as an adult PC gamer, I'm insulted by the lack of effort made on lionhead's part, to make this remake playable on PC. The least they could bloody do is make the mouse cursor available in the game. I'M PLAYING ON A PC, WHY CAN'T I USE MY MAIN INPUT TOOL FOR NAVIGATING YOUR MENUS?That rant aside, just buy the lost chapters instead. It is at least playable, something that this remake is not."
,Recommended,288470,12265299,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Soggymail,"Its just as good Fable, but prettier!"
76561198012271123,Recommended,288470,14063401,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,enderpants,"The probem with these hd remakes, is they never seem to capture the exact feel of the original game. Fable has a weird sheen over it now, but is quite lifeless compared to my nostalgia. If the cheap original has controller support, play that instead. (If you need controller support anyways) Sure it's fun for my faux OCD to collect achievements for a game that I beat 4 times 10 years ago, but its not as fun as I remember. I am spoiled by modern rpgs that do so much right, whereas Fable always faltered then, and still does now. If you loved the original (or even liked) don't bother with this version. It's not worth it. If you have never experienced Fable, jump right in. I'm sure its quite enjoyable, if a bit embarassing and antiquated. 6/10"
76561198159983521,Recommended,288470,14334740,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,johnscsn,I grew up with this game. The Anniversary version is amazing. Much better than I thought. I would recommend this to a friend.
,Recommended,288470,16569881,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Googer,"All the negative reviews on this game seem to be about a lack of added content... I didn't see anywhere in the description that they did anything to the game aside from bump up the graphics and add the hero mode. That being said, this is a great game, matches the first one (and TLC) perfectly. Being able to play a game i grew up with and the added bonus of the much higher graphic quality was very enjoyable. The people complaining about the lack of added content are all morons that can't be bothered to read a description before hitting ""buy"".TL;DR? Game is same as the one we loved with better graphics and a harder mode.... just like advertised..."
76561198030307760,Recommended,288470,18012323,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Echo Grid,"Fable: Anniversary is the bare minimum for what constitutes as an HD remaster. Sharper textures, better lighting and higher quality sound. The game feels and plays like the original game with the usual loading screens in between sections that you often see in games released back in the day.It's still the same old Fable at its core, but for some reason the developers made some pretty major changes to the artstyle which make the characters look a bit off.If you've never played Fable before then this is the game for you. If you, like me, have played the original Fable then this is just an okay remaster that does nothing better than the original. Hell, it does some things worse."
76561198001506773,Recommended,288470,17040299,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Necro,All the feels
76561198035963686,Recommended,288470,17091372,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Spastic,"The best fable game in my opinion. Between the Anniversary version and The Lost Chapters version, I would recommend Anniversary because of the better controller support and the slightly better graphics. TLC version do not offer controller support and must require a third party software."
,Recommended,288470,17118426,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Raum,"Fable is a decent enough game. Anyone who was playing on an Xbox in the very early 2000's knows how strangely disappointing this game was, due to good ol' Peter Molyneux and the Hype Train Express that he rides all over the place, but at the end of the day the game isn't necessarily bad. It is an enjoyable and simplistic RPG with a lot of great ideas that never really seem to be fully explored. It's the lack of exploration into these ideas that makes Fable strange, as there are truly a lot of really cool things in the game. It just feels a tad lackluster.Nonetheless, this is a great 15-20 hour RPG, worth playing at least once in my book. It's not very complicated, the combat is satisfying, and there are enough sidequests and hidden things to find to satiate most appetites. It is not an incredible or deep experience, but merely a game that is good-enough-to-pass-for-fun. There is an alignment system, you can give yourself tattoos or haircuts, you can run around on a murderous rampage if you feel the need, and you can walk around a town dancing and farting to please the locals. Go and get drunk in a bar, eat some apples, and beat up an innocent guy in town. Woo!For what it is worth, I've managed to beat the game three times, twice on the original Xbox and once just now on the PC. I've always enjoyed it, even if the game seems to come to an end a bit early.The PC port, as far as I could tell, was just fine. I liked being able to use a controller for this game, as I feel like it controls better on one. I didn't have any crashes or bugs, and it even alt-tabbed without a hitch. My six year old computer kept 60fps on all high details, as well. If you're looking for an interesting RPG to play through in 20 hours or less, Fable Anniversary would be a good choice."
76561198116098902,Recommended,288470,17144989,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,NicNax,Enjoy the harder game mode a lot
,Recommended,288470,17220733,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Cosmic Cowboy,"Nearly as fun to play as it was when I was fifteen, but the plot problems bother me so much."
,Recommended,288470,17233396,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,SKINHUB.COM,Fable was one of the best games on xbox imo and it's great to be able to play it remastered.
,Recommended,288470,16885899,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,MarxyPants,"Your Health is low, do you have any Potions or Food?"
,Recommended,288470,16251713,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SofaKing,"It was pretty fun, really quick play through. Probably get one or two more play throughs out of it."
76561197994240052,Recommended,288470,16494094,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Nickert,Bought this game for awesome childhood memmories. To relive them in higher quality ^^
,Recommended,288470,16625366,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Noob Noob,Great game
,Recommended,288470,16629698,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sin,great game i loved it back on xbox and it still shines just as bright on pc even tho it has some optimization issues
76561198054766153,Recommended,288470,16676780,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,blackenedwhiplash,"Fable: The Lost Chapters has long been my all-time favorite game, one I could always come back to no matter how often and still have a lot of fun and find new things. So when one day I logged onto steam and I was given a coupon for I think it was 75% off of Fable Anniversary, the reboot of Fable: The Lost Chapters with HD and more extras, well how could I have said no? The day I installed Fable Anniversary and jumped right into the story, a wave of sentimental memories as well as newly influenced wonder washed over me. It was the same game that crafted my childhood, yet it was a whole new experience. The controls were almost exactly the same, the major differences being what buttons bring up menus, inventory, etc. and how to navigate the menus (like how in the original game in the menus the right mouse button was the back button but now it does nothing in the menus). It takes a little bit to break the old habits here but nothing that takes away from the experience. The sound quality is also better. I personally am especially fond of the sound effects of hitting enemies in this game rather than in The Lost Chapters. The blood looks a lot better and splatters more realistically. This game just takes an amazing game and makes it even better. If you like RPGs and/or Fable, you need this game in your life right now."
76561198013188443,Recommended,288470,16772559,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MrNerdNet,"This game is Beautiful, Feels so much better then when i first got to play it years ago!"
,Recommended,288470,16787169,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Samurai.b,"Bought it as a nostalgia game, I remembered playing it when I was younger and loved it, didn't expect that i'd still like it. I was wrong, game is still amazing."
,Recommended,288470,14506489,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Jaxe,"I liked this game, though it was super easy (the one downside) but overall it was very fun. The revamp on the graphics was great, and the overall storyline and missions stayed the same so it was a good game to play. 8/10"
76561198073201671,Recommended,288470,14635220,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Ozzkek,"As good as the original, just looks way better :)"
,Recommended,288470,15309135,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,TurboMallow,Pre ordered this and tried playing it right away and I couldn't move and the game would crash. Tried waitign to see if maybe an update would come along that would fix this and nothing. The game does not crash but I can not play the game since it is so choppy and the latency is so bad. I was very excited for this so that I could play Fable on my PC with a controller but instead I just wasted $35...
,Recommended,288470,15340874,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,TankXXI,"love this classic, still great even until this day"
,Recommended,288470,15737557,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,lmao,This game is good but I feel like you did not change enough and I felt a little bit bored just playing the game again but if you love fable like me then its worth it.
76561198020712450,Recommended,288470,15774497,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Ansgarviking,exactly how i remember it. only a little more polished.10/10
76561198041367707,Recommended,288470,12088180,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,vladdy94,"After getting back to this game since its original release, I have found that they have fixed most of the problems I have encountered originally.  It feels amazing to be back to Albion the way it used to be and I am more than happy to recommend this to any fan."
,Recommended,288470,12077972,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,hatchet5891,"Overall this is basically Fable: The Lost Chapters from 10 years ago. It is very nicely redone though. This version has updated graphics and audio. It has some added content like some weapons and armor and the opportunity for DLC at a later date. This is a great game to play through for both first time Fable new comers or somebody who would like to relive the memory of Fable from 10 years ago with updates.EDIT: Game is essentially broken so I am changing my recommendation from yes to no until the problems are fixed. I got 4 hours into the game and I now can't even load the game to the menu without it crashing back to desktop. If problems are fixed, I will change my recommendation back.*EDIT 2: Since the updates I have gotten, I haven't really had any major issues with the game. I would definitely recommend this game if you haven't played Fable the Lost Chapters before or are new to the Fable series."
76561198079462553,Recommended,288470,14990756,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Linkan,"Only played for 1 hour yet, I think the game is very fun, it has some ups and downs, but still challenging and fun, I like it very much so far!"
,Recommended,288470,15693394,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,gallenmuur,"Fable has and always will be one of my favorite games. The restin the series not so much but Fable gets a gold star in my book. Lionhead Studios did a great job on Fable Anniversary and they did it the right way. They did not change anything except graphics, added a new diffuculty level which is not easy and a bunch of cool DLCs. Definitly worth the money. Hopefully they do a remake of Fable 2 or release it on PC. I will not buy an Xbox."
76561198042035650,Recommended,288470,15997261,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Fluffy Duck,"Fable Anniversary was a bit glitchy when it first came out, but it's still an amazing game."
,Recommended,288470,15298888,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Nickslice,I've played fable so many times that I've lost count. I remember EVERYTHING in this game. The fact they redid it and added some extra candy/graphics to make it feel more modern makes me so happy. Thank you Lionhead for bringing back a cherished nostalgic game!
76561198105577440,Not Recommended,288470,15231491,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,四仰化三铁,莫名的卡顿带延迟，明明配置完全够，就是不知道哪里出问题了。有人可以解决吗？
76561198066951607,Recommended,288470,17010061,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Ankor,"this game ís excellent, the history and graphics  are beautiful , perfect."
76561198152628024,Recommended,288470,14954544,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,King_Conkerr,"Playing this game on the PC is very odd for me since the last time I played this game was on the original xbox. The game looks gorgeous! I kinda do wish this game had the back and forth graphics Halo anniversay and MCC now that would have been ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Even though Im over the  requirements the games FPS is kinda slow for me which is a huge bummer. The soundtrack is what had me reminiscing all the way back to when I first played. The voice actors seem to be different? if so what a let down. Great game, great price, ♥♥♥♥ed up the voices I think."
,Recommended,288470,14999993,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,KingDreaz,"Don't be fooled by the low rating because this game is as great as the original, if not better. The reason for the mixed rating is because of the price, which is understandable because this edition is simply a remastered HD quality version of the original. When it comes to the story and gameplay, nothing has changed (as it should be).  But that's what makes this edition so great, it brings life back to the original Fable. With the enhanced graphics, it makes the game more enjoyable and playable in todays standards. I'm actually surprised that many were disapointed because they felt that this edition was ""lazy"". It's a remastered edition. It's not any different than getting a Blu-Ray of the Wizard of Oz."
,Recommended,288470,14995390,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Agulag,"who is the ♥♥♥♥wit who decided to change the old interface that WORKED with pcs to a controller friendly, mouse/keyboard hating layout? other than that, seems to be the same old game with better graphics.."
76561197971124142,Recommended,288470,17361213,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Dankus weedman,only one item is good in dlc aeons armor strongest in game game ok dlc is crap
76561198058695554,Recommended,288470,31381795,Posted: 26 April,all,chueykooh,Very good game.
,Recommended,288470,31437185,Posted: 29 April,all,NotMatteBlack,Love this game!!
76561198007197608,Recommended,288470,22074589,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,[S]almon,"Full disclosure: I didn’t play the original Fable when it first came out, so I can’t compare the two.Fable Anniversary is a solid third-person RPG; not a great game by any means but not a bad one either. The controls are a little clunky and the story is fairly uninspired. That being said, this game will certainly keep you entertained for close to twenty hours, longer if you make a real attempt to find all the secrets. Worth picking up if you’re looking for a basic RPG experience."
76561198002194335,Recommended,288470,25564108,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Mr. Pitt,"Post patch, Fable Anniversary is worth a buy."
76561198213352737,Recommended,288470,20305162,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Eadwyn,its great but only get it when its on sale.
,Recommended,288470,18916613,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,( i ) EL TOPO,"If you played Fable in it's original iteration, it's basically that only more awesome. Buy it. Play it again.If you haven't played Fable, here's your mission should you choose to accept it:Install game, start new game, watch story.Punch your sister in the face 25 times before you give her those chocolates.Fable, the ""seriously punch everyone in the village in the face before you give your sister the chocolate"" simulator. There's just no reason not to do it, guys."
,Recommended,288470,19320833,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Magsamm,The chicken chaser approves!
76561198167265215,Recommended,288470,19005668,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Ayunir,Same great game I remember :D
,Recommended,288470,28440281,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Moopish Dag-bang-go,A great HD version of a great game. I don't know if the DLC should be as expensive as they are but well worth it if you can get them on sale.
,Recommended,288470,24229401,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SAY10,"Firstly, I am absolutely in love with this game! I've always loved the fable series and after hearing that there was a remastered version of the orginal, i bought it straight away.This game is just as i remember it, but with excellent fable-style graphics, better dialog and controls and in my opinion, a few minor touches that make it even better.Many people have issues with this game, but unless my vision is clouded by my love for the fable games, i cannot see anything wrong, and i could happily play this game through time and time again. One of the main reasons for this is because although the later fables were excellent, they lacked the small things, the fun weapons to find and the goals to work towards.a must have!!!"
76561198001964868,Recommended,288470,22623613,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Don Capalchey,10/10
,Recommended,288470,18965036,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Mr. Sinister,"If you don't own Fable TLC, buy this one. It add a new level of beauty to the game."
,Recommended,288470,32788383,Posted: 25 June,all,Wolfgrin,"One of my favorite games on the old Xbox, now updated and even better. If you havent given it a chance before do it now, its a nice little old gem."
,Recommended,288470,19922516,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,hollilollitron,Just like the good old days
76561198000168616,Recommended,288470,30889919,Posted: 1 April,all,Mr. 47 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Great game
,Recommended,288470,33856379,Posted: 28 July,all,Yolo Swaggins,Childhood in HD
76561197977060227,Recommended,288470,33799313,Posted: 25 July,all,Darth Vagina,G
,Recommended,288470,27002387,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xone145,A lot of fun and nostalgic.
76561198263153154,Recommended,288470,33797122,Posted: 25 July,all,The Harambe ressurectionist,Freaking dank.
76561198160611140,Recommended,288470,33062563,Posted: 30 June,all,BREAKNSWEAT,Takes me back to my childhood.
76561198169420905,Recommended,288470,33083629,Posted: 1 July,all,DM325,Great title from a great studio (RIP Lionhead). Highly recommend to anyone who hasn't played before.Please port over Fable 2 and Black & White!
,Recommended,288470,28767171,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,lugfranklin,"Can I get a refund? I accidentally bought this when meant to get the Lost Chapters but I got Anniversary instead. It's still an amazing game, just dosen't play on a laptop too well."
76561198152165602,Recommended,288470,30570405,Posted: 17 March,all,kshid,Still a fun game to play fte all these years.There are a couple of weird glitches early on that might make you have to replay a couple of the missions.  But once they are out of the way it is a very entertaining game.
,Recommended,288470,30317126,Posted: 4 March,all,Carl Johnson,"The first console my parents ever bought me was an xbox. I’ll never forget getting my new xbox at blockbuster, choosing fable as my first game. This game brings back those amazing feelings i felt  12 years ago when i was 9 years old. The graphic enhancement makes the game look gorgeous, it includes all the content in the original game and in the lost chapters, and a guaranteed ride on the feels train."
,Not Recommended,288470,20498562,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Xenovista,"Meh. Let's be frank, the original Fable was nothing special, and all this is, is a retread sooped up with Fable 3 graphics. If you've never played the original Fable, I would recommend this. Otherwise I'd leave it be. I played this game to death back in the day and it just does not hold up."
76561198037995400,Recommended,288470,27535204,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,IIIAtronackIII,If you have play the Original Fable then you must play this game. one of the best games of all time. gg
,Recommended,288470,32560268,Posted: 19 June,all,Zanpakuto559,"The game runs very well;Frame Rate is excellent.Control settings are fully functional, like the console version.Excellent Graphics.The only down side I can see is;The Gameplay Music still continues to run while cutscenes are active."
76561198129101111,Recommended,288470,27060163,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,unknown.notregistered,The nostalgia.Also the mini-games. I swear I spent more time on those games than the actual game.
76561198041554939,Recommended,288470,33485882,Posted: 12 July,all,RoTen,A great rpg.
76561198049795388,Recommended,288470,34149469,Posted: 10 August,all,mbsoto,"Loved this game on the original xbox. It's a very simple but entertaining game. If you're looking for some mindless fun, this will give it to you."
,Recommended,288470,22091251,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,DARPtheHelplessNoob,Fable... no words to decribe. one off the best open world games i ever play
76561198039311548,Recommended,288470,22144213,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Irenicus,Great game with a much needed upgrade. Still one of my favorites.
,Recommended,288470,22241966,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,HamsterNuggetz,Brings back so many memories
,Recommended,288470,22003778,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Zynaga,i simply love this game  xD!!!!
76561198027287680,Recommended,288470,22220872,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,IOFSamsquanch,Siiiccck
,Recommended,288470,32354148,Posted: 11 June,all,dawizze,Great game!
,Recommended,288470,32516966,Posted: 17 June,all,IcyCyborg,"Lots of choices to be a hero, villian, or a chicken dancer... guy?"
,Recommended,288470,24091740,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Filthy Red Coat,"Wouldn't pay full price but definitely a smoother experience than what I remember, very nice."
,Recommended,288470,24081467,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Madz,Stay away if u have motion sickness. still it's a very good game
76561198140401612,Recommended,288470,32556804,Posted: 18 June,all,Adragos,"The best game series of RPG series.Fable 1(Annivessary) and Fable 3 is the beyond excellent game.perfect, gameplay is amazing and character customization options are very multidirectional.atmospheric good game.If you're love to play RPG's.NEVER DON'T MISS IT!9.5/10"
,Recommended,288470,20310711,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,YungNecktie👌ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,Do you want to re-live FableTLC with nothing changed other than the graphics? Buy this while it's on sale for less than 10$
,Recommended,288470,34706093,Posted: 3 September,all,Maverickeatpigs,Childhood game and I still love it.
76561198039322755,Recommended,288470,34707183,Posted: 3 September,all,Keragom,"Awesome Visuals, brings back good memories"
76561198124380867,Recommended,288470,24191772,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,mAgnUm thOnG COnCAve dOnG,It's a Spicy MeatA BALL :^)
,Recommended,288470,19383036,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Small Cock Brock,"I REALLY like the fable series, except for 3 lol. the first fable game is probably one of the best RPG games I have ever played and to see it remastered like this is awesome. I just wish they would add Fable 2 to PC :c"
76561198046673270,Recommended,288470,23867294,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SirCumference,By far one of the best RPG games of all time if you like games like skyrim or WoW this is the game for you!
76561198292427369,Recommended,288470,32049521,Posted: 29 May,all,King Explosion Murder,kick♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198357195145,Recommended,288470,32638497,Posted: 22 June,all,Spaghetti95,It 's great game .I like it so much ..
,Recommended,288470,35186285,Posted: 24 September,all,σтιѕ,I really enjoy playing this game
76561198021950261,Not Recommended,288470,24165568,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Naggert,"I just remembered how much I used to hate this game! Don't buy it!Inventory system is confusing at least.Controls are horribleAI is terribleThe whole vendor system is a mess.Keybinds are stupid.Never have I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so off at a game, after only playing a few hours."
76561198062991203,Recommended,288470,13048638,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,dub4258,vgkjvkv
76561197967954689,Recommended,288470,13061463,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,☢ /Jerry/ ☢,"The original game released some years ago so just because it is in HD does not mean it is better in the gameplay department.Comparing Fable Anniversary to Fable 3 is not a fair comparison, the two games are years apart both in graphics and gameplay.I personally loved the original game for how it felt to play not for how the ""details"" where and the dev team did a great job recreating the feelings of this Anniversary game in HD.So if you liked the feeling of the good old Fable and dont mind playing it again but in HD then this game is a good recommendation for you."
76561198110972857,Recommended,288470,13452214,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Littlebuddy,So far i have enjoyed what i have played but ive noticed this game needs a mouse sensitivity setting and the ability to remap keys to your mouse. Looking forward to playing more.
,Recommended,288470,35066910,Posted: 19 September,all,ReBoot,"The game is exactly what it says on the tin: A fable. </review>Ok, that review sucks, doesn't it? You still know nothing about what the game does and why I like it. However, the whole ""Fable"" part is quite important. You see, the game oozes the fairy tale atmosphere. It manages to be a fable in the form of a game. Everything, from character design to writing to you being the hero makes clear that this is an interactive fable.Aren't you the hero in pretty much every RPG out there? Well, sure you are. But no game ravels in this the way Fable does. You are renown, the game revolves around that. Case in example: Trophies aren't (just) for you to look at. They're to run around with, showing off to everyone in vicinity. They're to brag about, to beat your personal highscore of how many people you've showed your trophy in the face of. I am a well-renown little devil.Speaking of the devil, the game has an excellent cartoonish/fairy tale depiction of good vs. evil. Instead of helping a ghost of a dead sailor helping his wife, you can just as well kill her. That makes the ghost disappear, solving the overall quest (getting rid of the ghost), and you get bad karma points. Those aren't just points! My dude has bright red horns, blue veins over the white face, red glowing eyes and he oozes an eery red mist. The best cartoonish evil depicion since Overlord!What else is there to say? Well, the game offers what you're used to from RPGs. You have stats, you have equipment including upgradable weapons, you can have a bard sing of your deeds, you have magic if you want to use it. The RPG aspects aren't ground-breaking, but solid. If you're into the whole fairy tale atmosphere and want to be the hero with a holy halo or devil's horns, Fable got your back.The boss fight of the main story is botched. A big part of the fight, the boss floats being unavailable for meele combat. Well, they have thought of dropping quite the decent bow right before that fight, but they haven't thought of warning me to put enough points into archery not to make the fight suck. Result: Fight sucked big time. Well, I had enough healing potions to brush my teeth with, but it was needlessly frustrating."
,Recommended,288470,13667940,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,PrjectFreelancr,"I couldn't wait to play this game when I heard they were going to remaster it. Fans have been asking them to do an HD remake for years. The gameplay is exactly how it was on the original game (animations and all) and the only thing changed are the graphics. A lot of the reviews are negative for this reason but the majority of the people who were asking for the remake to happen did not and still don't want the original gameplay changed. Yes, there have been some features in Fable 2 and 3 that would have been nice to have on the remake (better animations once again), but a lot of fans, myself included, wanted to play this game exactly as it was. We just wanted to see this great RPG in full HD glory and updated so it ran better, so if you were a fan of the original but wanted improvements on top of the HD remaster, this probably isn't the game for you to buy, but if you, like me, just wanted to see this game in stunning HD quality, this is a great game to buy.The only con I have is the new inventory menu. It takes some getting used to and I'd have prefered the original one, but oh well."
,Recommended,288470,12116402,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Dr Zeus,Like Skyrim with moral choices
,Recommended,288470,12081412,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,FFrulesall,"What's amazing to me is the amount of people complaining about the game so far for reasons I don't see as legitimate. A legitimate complaint would be why they're charging 34.99 for this, when Fable TLC is only 9.99. An illegitimate complaint would be all the ones I see about the controls.PC Master Race people, this is a console game that was ported to PC. And there is absolutely no reason they should have to go the extra mile to appease you. The mouse and keyboard were not designed for gaming, a 360 controller was. And as such the keyboard and mouse will ALWAYS be inferior for controls. Unless the game was designed for PC first, which Fable Anniversary was not. Accept that the PC has flaws when it comes to gaming and lower your impossible standards and you'll all enjoy games a lot more. And if you can't handle the fact that your chosen method of playing games is flawed then it is no one's fault but your own. Sorry to burst your little bubbles but PC gaming isn't as perfect as you all like to pretend it is. Especially when the game in question is a port from console.And I know what you're gonna say. ""The game should have been designed for PC first"" Well it wasn't. And no amount of whining (And that is what you're doing, whining, because you're not getting everything 100% your way) is going to change that. And you have no right to criticize the developers for putting their game wherever they like. Because it's their game.Sure, the menu system sucks with a mouse and keyboard, but it wasn't designed to be used by those. And I imagine the developers have better things to do then tool around with this game for the 3rd time just to make a couple of idiots happy.If you can look past the assinine control scheme (Like me, because Fable is really damn good) or have a controller to play with (If the game supports it), I think you'll have a good time with this, it's just Fable TLC with an new coat of paint, and that's all it was ever meant to be."
76561198046227451,Recommended,288470,14307784,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,The Immaculate Bean,"Despite having no new content I found myself enjoying the brilliance of the old fable again. This fable is the best in my honest opinion and it will take much to waver that opinion. The better graphics and controller support are fantastic, seeing how I played this gem on my old xbox growing up. Although the new reskins are quite bad on the main characters. Weird mishapen people giving off way more eye contact than nesscary. The absoulute best one I found was on Thunder, a large black hero. He, no joke, looks like a balck guy in blackface. Briar rose, a sexy nerd like hero in the original, killed my boner faster than the speed of light in the remastered. All-in-all, if you LOVE fable or somehow missed playing the original give this game a try, but only on sale. $35 is an outrageous price for a 10 yo game. I purchased this on the winter steam sale.If you look at my hours played in this review for length im about 2/3ish into the game."
76561198125274574,Recommended,288470,12089137,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,General W. Melon,its simple really its a must play
,Not Recommended,288470,12101937,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Longes,"This is terrible. This is worse than Fable: the Lost Chapters. The graphics are plastic, like Fable 3, the video is grainy, clearly taken from the original (at least the once I saw). There is no mouse support in the menues, the menu system itsel was designed by chtonic monsters with multiple tentacles. The keys aren't rebindable. Just get Fable: the Lost Chapters and play it. You'll have a much more pleasant experience."
76561197981503252,Recommended,288470,12077845,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Dempat,"First things frist, this game should be listed as needing a controller to play.Not too good of a port from console, but its ok as long as you play it with a controller.played only a little and I'm not too impressed with some of the supposed HD visuals as the cut scenes are blocky.If its on sale, you have a controller, and like Fable its probably worth it."
76561198001585597,Recommended,288470,12093821,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Jack,"Pros:-looks prettyCons:-cannot use mouse in interface-has lots of bugs at the time of writing this. During cutscenes the sounds and textures haven't worked properly and I've barely played an hour and it's already crashed on me onceOverall i like fable but at the moment it's really not worth getting this game until they fix up the glitches and add better key board and mouse functionality. I'm giving this a thumbs up because i'm happy to play with a controller for now and the bugs are mostly minor, although for what they're selling it at the price is a bit steep for such a buggy game."
,Recommended,288470,12087029,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,General Angle,"love it, as a fan of the original I think this game is brill as it has better graphics and some funny achievements to get well worth the 20 quid."
76561198022106323,Recommended,288470,12078404,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Brown Resurrection,this geam is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trash that♥♥♥♥♥♥whisper doesnt let me kill hobbes faster then her. relly♥♥♥♥♥tht ♥♥♥♥♥ im out 10/10
76561198093243760,Not Recommended,288470,12127977,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Takodo,"Simply over priced for what it is and runs as well as my disabled nephew on download.I don't fix games up, I just buy them. I'm like some sorta crazy consumer."
76561197999335469,Recommended,288470,12085622,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,coolystguy,Its awesome its Fable with better graphics and i think they done good a lot of people here moaning about the mouse controls but with the 360 pad its perfect i love this game to bits and it looks better on PC than the 360 version.
76561198115633448,Not Recommended,288470,12107645,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Scruffy Survivor,"I paid, i played, i quit."
,Recommended,288470,12085538,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,TrueSharinganx,Kick♥♥♥♥♥GAME! So glad they finally released this on pc. Words cant describe the awesomeness of this experience.
76561198074270851,Recommended,288470,23797043,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Russian Rowlet,I just punched a small child for no reason.
76561197961273037,Recommended,288470,12114452,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Mr. Floppy,"Its a great game, but I had to go and buy a new mouse because they dont let you keybind your own controls."
76561198008972990,Recommended,288470,12080089,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,dajurgz,Fable is hands down one of the best rpg game you could play.......
76561198044002587,Recommended,288470,12117086,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Vegetable Farmer,Yes.
,Not Recommended,288470,12107709,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,420 Big Wokes,One of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest PC ports in years.Graphics barely look any better then the original and everything is blurry.
76561198038334307,Recommended,288470,12076109,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Parzival312,"I have experienced ZERO stutter, I get anywhere from 60-80 fps outside and 150-200 in exteriors. I bought this SPECIFICALLY for the controller support so I can't say whether or not the key bindings are bad.Specs?CPU:Amd A8 quad core 3.8 GHZGPU: Nvidia GeForce GTX 760 superclocked 2GB GDDR5RAM:8GB"
76561198203399996,Not Recommended,288470,16340570,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Arcadia,Extreme motion sickness after like two minutes. Completely unplayable.
76561198056710898,Recommended,288470,12092920,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Zareth,I've only started and I can feel the stirrings of addiction already. Luckily I didn't spoil myself by playing the original so this remake should be interesting. I do wish I could change which buttons did what though...but I guess it's something I'll get used to.
,Recommended,288470,12100805,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Max Effect,9 bearded red-head women chasing a chicken with a crossbow/10
76561198003344918,Not Recommended,288470,25187404,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,eternalegend,"What can be said about Fable?  Lots of things, but as this is a remake of an older game, only the changes are important.  The graphics are better, of course, but the faces are edging into uncanny valley territory.  There's a new hard mode, which is nice given how the original dorwned you in health potions, but the controls bear mention more than anything.  As with most PC games, you can customize which keys perform which functions, but Fable Anniversary locks three of the most imporant combat functions to the three worst possible keys.  The menu has them greyed out, with little lock sprites next to the function names. It takes two seconds to do what used to and needs to be done in a third of a seccond, and as a result the game is unplayable.  I want my money back."
76561198060287194,Recommended,288470,12087206,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,theDeb0nair,"Amazing game, especially for the fans of the original Fable."
76561197989770308,Recommended,288470,12107251,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Riomiain,"With all the downsides of keys setup that was taken from a console it's still fun to play, and I haven't experienced any troubles with lags or graphics."
,Recommended,288470,12090751,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Neroes,"this game should require a controller, it is pritty much designed for itit has a very poor keyboard controlsthis game has potential in the form of modding, when the tools are more finishedif you want to play with keyboard and mouse i advice buying the originalthough i never feelt the keyboard controlls really workedbut to turn to the biggest reason you might wanna buy it over the original The Graphicsif you want graphics go for the original, it's much better polished, this version may catch up with modding but the new one is not  very pollished, the biggset difference is textures and and dynamic clothes which is improved but lost chapters makes up for with polishingso if you have a controller and you like me didn't like using a keyboard in lost chapters this might be the game for youthough you might wanna wait a while, so the price falls and patches and mods fixes the issues it currently has"
76561198094395259,Recommended,288470,12103775,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Xorbak,Honestly looking at all the bad reviews they are all complaining about one thing... not being able to use the mouse in the menue.When I started it I felt chills running down my back.It was like reliving a piece of my chilhood again!Its the same game... same humor... same everything with better graphics and sound.I had no glitches or anything that aome of the people are complaining about it ran smoothly for me all the way through.10/10 would totaly buy again!
76561198150484916,Recommended,288470,12086847,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,evilfeevil,"As an RPG lover who has never played a Fable game before (because I only had Playstation), hates playing PC games without a controller so I spent $40 on an Xbox 360 controller and waited 3 weeks for Fable Anniversary's PC release, I am pretty satisfied so far. I recognize that the gameplay could be smoother but it's not as terrible as I expected after reading some reviews by long-time Fable players and gaming experts.  The game is definitely playable, just not super smooth when the hero is running, etc.It took me a while to figure out the D-pad items/expressions feature, so that lack of instruction gets a thumbs down (I still don't know why my assigned expressions only appear on the D-pad screen icon when I hold Right Trigger and why certain expressions/items get auto-assigned to the regular D-pad screen icon and why I can't change *those*).I also think there should have been an explanation of the save system at the beginning of the game (or anytime!). I think I'm about to graduate from the Heroes Guild & hopefully I can save anytime after that. Despite the couple annoyances, so far this game has lived up to my expectations. I was hoping for a game like this that would give me future nostalgia, like I have for the old days of playing the Zelda and Final Fantasy series. I'm sure they'll release some patches to improve the framerate but I'm going to continue playing in the meantime; I think it's a cool game and so far, I'm hooked!"
,Recommended,288470,12105159,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,wdavid376,"The game is perfect. Updated textures and XBox controller support. No problems with crashing or sound issues.  Most of the negitive comments are about bad mouse support.. but this is a console port that meeds a xbox controller, so if you know that going into the purchase, you'll be delighted with this game all over again."
,Recommended,288470,12090051,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,WoolyMan,"Fable Anniversary is a great game!  That said, it is not perfect.  Overall Score: 9/10  My simple review breakdown follows:Pros:- Just like you remember the original Fable, except with better graphics.- One of the greatest RPGs of all time.- Steam achivements!- Modding!- Classic gameplay.Cons:- Could have had spent more time redoing character motions and reworked their physics engine to make the game more fluid.- I hate to be cliche, but classic gameplay.  While it is a pro, it is also a con, because RPGs as well as all other games, have evolved.  I feel like this should have not just had new graphics slapped on.- No add in of previous Fable advances implemented into the Anniversary Edition?!  This is definitely my biggest pet peeve.  Lionhead introduced us to a whole new realm of customization of our character in Fable 2 and 3, and here we are, back at square one again without the ability to simply have different color hair.  It is my hopes the modding community comes up with a way to fix this.Overall, great game!  Still worth every penny!  Pick it up!!!"
,Recommended,288470,12086654,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Pet Onyx,"Fable Anniversary, Although i dont agree with the character models, you get over that. I honestly like the look of the characters in the original alot more the resonibly up to date graphics and amazing story line is just to good to give up. Although one thing i really always wanted is to have my character have its own name xD. for instance. ""Avalon, there is a quest card waiting for you"". i know that theoretically impractical but it still would be awesome.I just finished this game start to finish no breaks and all i could think of is the lovely storyline throughout the game. and how the hell was i able to beat this when it first came out xD.Anyway. Thanks lionhead for letting me re-live my childhood favorite game on my Monster Pc :).Pc Gamers Waited and we got Given! :)"
,Recommended,288470,12097140,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,AutumnSounds,Forgot how much I loved this game and how good the soundtrack was. <3With the modding support I'm really looking forward to some crazy user-created content in the near future!My advice: Play with a 360 controller to avoid gripes with mouse/keyboard.
76561198035732709,Recommended,288470,12087905,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Raz0r sh0t,"Fable anniversary is a brilliant compromise between great gameplay of the original and hd graphics tweeks. I personally think they have done a great job of updating the graphics they may not be the best graphics compared to other rpgs but they have kept the fun factor by not fully upgrading certain aspects. I personally think unless your a hardcore fable fan its not worth the money to buy this version and to just buy the lost chapters, they have allowed modding support to this version so im sure it will be worth the money when the game has been out a few weeks/months for the mods :-). The only rant i have so far and i know its early days yet but the game has crashed on me and has stutterd a few times hopefully this can be fixed by a patch but other than that a great choise for hardcore fable fans."
76561198027404826,Recommended,288470,12086910,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Kadash Ispen,"Those of us that were old enough to play Fable: The Lost Chapter when it first came out on PC should be feeling a sense of serious deja vu, and not just because this is a remaster. Just like the original Fable, Lionhead hyped this game as much as they possibly could. At least this time, they didn't make tons of outlandish promises they couldn't keep. Instead they promised a remastering of on of their best games, and instead it's just sort of...updated a bit. Now, I can't play this game on anything but its lowest settings because I am poor, but the immediate reaction I had when starting the game was, ""What's wrong with the controls?"" And then I was immediately repulsed upon seeing the face of the hero as a child. In fact, the entire population of that beginning section has some serious facial issues that made me worry about the game. With the ugly models and the wonky controls, the first half hour isn't very enjoyable. Luckily, as you adapt to the new controls (or get a computer controller) and grow up, the character models settle into their skeletons and by the time you graduate from the guild, the game begins to show its true colors. While probably not deserving of the hype it got, neither does it deserve the immediate bashing. Are there problems? Yes, but the original Fable: The Lost Chapters on PC had plenty of problems itself and unlike the original, this one is going to have some modding support and possibly patching. Even on its lowest setting, post Guild Graduation, this game is a beautiful reconstruction of one of the greatest examples of RPGs ever released. Just calm down, keep an open mind, and enjoy it for what it is, Fable's Anniversary."
76561198075865132,Recommended,288470,12086775,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Steel,STOP HATING ON THIS GAME ITS  JUST CAME OUT YESTERDAY!!!!1111!!!1ONEONEONE!!!!!!!1111111111111
,Recommended,288470,12096566,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Alhazred,"Amazing. Would definitely play with a controller though, so plug your xbox or ps3/4 controller in and play with that, it's much easier than using current mouse/keyboard controls. Fable games controls never translated that well on pc. Anyway, it's amazing. So much nostalgia playing this, and it's been so long that a lot of it seems new. I played it long before any of the lost chapter stuff, so after the standard story all this is new to me and I love it so far. Would definitely get it."
76561198079383553,Recommended,288470,12107586,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Shikaai,"Alright, For those of you who are looking to buy Fable Anniversary because you LOVE Fable 1 and 2 or you are just looking for a new game to play, Dont look at the negative comments for this game because all of them are overlooking what is bad with that game instead of giving it a fair analysis, So here is my take for you guys!Lets start with the bads:YES! The game has some graphical issues, Initially the games motion blur on camera movement is horrble, But you can turn it off, And the colour of the game is too 'dark'. But again you can turn this off, I'll leave a ""How To"" at the bottom for you if you are interestedThe game lags or freezes alot and it drive people insane, But hey guys, Guess what, You can fix that too! jusy Verify the Integrity of the Game Cashe before you play it, It takes a few minutes, But its way worth it!No mouse to operate menus, Yeah thats a bad thing I guess for a PC Port, But its really not ♥♥♥♥ing hard to use Insert, Home, Del and End to scroll through a menu, Is it?Id say thats all for the bad besides just a few little things like hit boxes on the terrain being a little too large or something silly like that. So onto the good things!In all this  game is FANTASTIC and I love the Fable franchise, I even like the shocking abomination that is Fable 3, But this game is greatOnce you tweak a few things here and there the game runs smooth and you can play to your hearts contentHit up the graphic fix by following the section below and the game is beautiful, Its bright and every works as it should!There I'll leave it on a 3 to 3 basis, Because it really isnt a big deal that the game is a little unpolished, It has the same issues as the original from 10 years ago, It just looks a bit prettier, Thats all, Personally, I think they shouldnt have dont Anniverasy and just let Fable: The Lost Chapters on here and Fable 2 and 3, But hey, This is great and once you get used to the quirks of it, Its great, Ive played for 20+ hours now or something and I am loving it! Hope this helps And that it isnt too muhch text for my fair opinion and non pompus accusation!Graphic FixGo to: Documents\My Games\UnrealEngine3\WellingtonGame\ConfigThen open WellingtonSystemSettings with NotepadThen change AllowRadialBlur to false and change DepthOfField to false tooThen TADA, Game looks fine, Happy Adventuring!"
76561198128632365,Recommended,288470,23780688,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,daltonthibault,10/10 would buy again.
,Not Recommended,288470,12120271,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Vick Nincent,"Honestly, just go buy the original Fable: The Lost Chapters. I was a massive fan of the original fable, but this is just a lazy retexture, with some new menues, and the graphics look like♥♥♥♥♥♥still. Wonderful story, awful, awful waste of money. 2/10"
,Recommended,288470,12114530,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Hey Jake!,"Yep it's Fable! New patch removes the ugly blur, so if you like Fable with a controller pick it up! Otherwise you might want to stick with the original PC release, until someone throws in mouse support for menus. (Hopefully they release the source files for that with the mod tools!)"
76561198032082792,Recommended,288470,32495762,Posted: 16 June,all,Toaster Maximus,"Has held up well over time, a very good remaster of a classic."
,Recommended,288470,26211734,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Sane-sensei,"I still remember when I played original Fable and I loved it. Remastered versio gave me that same old happy feeling which the original version did. Game is very good, but lacks an impact. Once you have played it through there is no really need to play it again since there isn't that much choises in this game. I would have wished more from this game, but then again I have Fable 3 which has that impact Fable Anniversary and the original versio lacks. 9/10"
76561198064964445,Recommended,288470,12911742,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Death,the new remake is the same game thist a better look added i love fable and I say buy IT IF your in to fable thist was the best one of them all but thy could have added sume sweat addon from fable 3 like jobs and all the thins your lovely wife prowides you
,Recommended,288470,15230452,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Robert the Rotten,"I wsh people would stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing that the game is exactly the same as Fable and TLC. THATS WHAT THIS GAME IS SUPPOSED TO BE.Its remastered. so what? I payed for this game already knowing what I was buying and I was satisfied.Quit ♥♥♥♥♥ing about there being no changes to gameplay or no new DLC. Its Fable for ♥♥♥♥ sake, let it stay fable.Stop being so worked up about this game and go play hello kitty if you are to stupid to figure these things out before you buy it.Rant Over"
,Recommended,288470,20158082,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Officer Burb | bonqo kill,Morals: The Game
,Recommended,288470,18979166,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Bunk,"This game... I fist played it when I was very young and I didn't remember it well, but when I replayed it a year or two ago, I fell in love. One of the best games I have ever played. On par with The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time."
76561198072555204,Not Recommended,288470,12115092,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Droz,didnt like this game as much as the others.
76561197989432028,Recommended,288470,12106179,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Hurycashin,Great game but i think spell slots are broken i cant equip different spells to the y x or a spots
,Recommended,288470,12103813,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Anch,"I can't say I won't recommend this game since overall the game is enjoyable if you don't encounter any freeze or bug.There is a lot of complaining so far and I support almost all of them still the game is the same as Fable:TLC and other than the crappy menu and lack of keyborad/mouse option, the control inside the game are the same they were and if you use a controller you won't notice it.Graphically the game got a decent update but still could have been better. The visual might be good on the xbox 360 but on pc it suffer for a 2014 remake. The texture need better resolution and too much bluriness not sharp enough.During the playthrough I have encounter invisible wall over a little rock in the middle of the road when normally you could pass over it.The character model are a bit strange espacially the face.The game could have been way better if it wasnt only visual remake of the original. They should have corrected the bugs and even mix a bit of fable 2/3 in it to give it more a feel of a new game. Even if I will pass lot of time in this game like I once did in fable:tlc, it will need some fix and some update texture to give it a better feel. Maybe the modding community will make it honor."
76561198027504587,Recommended,288470,12105860,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Rasasvada,"I don't know what everyone is on about, this game works great for me. The face models are kind of ugly, but compared to old fable the game looks a lot different. If you already own tlc, would I reccomend it? Probably not. There is the new Hero mode, but if you didn't suck at the game in the first place it's really not harder."
,Recommended,288470,12127373,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Trae,"TL;DR: Get it on sale if you haven't played Fable, or if you want graphical pretties. Keyboard+mouse be dun goofed apparently.------------------------------------I was an avid fan of the original Fable and Fable TLC, and the remastered edition doesn't fail to disappoint either.PROS:- WIDESCREEN SUPPORT AW YISS. Getting the original to work in widescreen wasn't terribly hard, but it was still hackish and bugged at some critical moments.- Very nice graphics, they've predominately kept to the core of the graphical characteristics of the Fable series, but it's amazing what a fresh coat of paint (proverbially speaking) can do with a game. Fable has definitely aged well.- Modding support? I'll be curious to see where this goes, and from what I've read, we may end up having Fable Anniversary coming to the Steam Workshop. Can't imagine it'd be like a Skyrim, though.CONS:- No Borderless Window nor scaleable UI. Just a bit of a bummer that I can't have the window maximised since it then causes letterboxing and the like, and considering this is a UE3 game, I'm surprised that we don't even have a borderless window option, since I often alt-tab between windows and would rather have the game appear full screen. I've tried tools to force the borderless window but it doesn't work.- Some graphical glitches exist where objects won't receive light from nearby light sources, kinda kills immersion a bit but it's not a deal breaker by any means.ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT:- Mainly to do with the overall environmental lighting, particularly outdoors, but we could benefit from variations in luminosity, and actually be able to use the lantern at night, right now it just seems pointless to have the lantern since everything is so well lit.- Some head models can do with some improving too, the child Hero looks like he hasn't slept for a week, and Maze does not look like Maze at all, his characteristic stern look got ruined by an elongated, pudgy, wrinkly baby face with tattoos. |:I can't speak for the copious amounts of people that have whinged relentlessly about the whole keyboard + mouse thing, I do remember playing Fable TLC with a keyboard and mouse and it was working quite fine, though since then I've been playing games with a 360 controller, and naturally given Fable Anniversary was originally made for the 360, it still feels pretty good to play with. I did try playing with the keyboard+mouse combo, but quickly switched back to the controller. :PHaven't played through Heroic yet, but that'll be the next step."
76561197968394246,Recommended,288470,12105543,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,BILL COSBY,"great job lionhead!  im very impressed with the updated visuals. everything runs smooth and cleanly. load times are super short and the new interface feels great and is easy to navigate. very satisfied! Bill Cosby approves this game. I should also inform you that im using a controller with this game. not sure how keyboard and mouse compairs, as i have not attempted."
,Recommended,288470,12109932,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,drew1938,"Same classic game, but with new menu system and better visuals(Not that much better). Worth buying for nostalgia and modding toolset."
,Recommended,288470,12110920,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,John34404,If i was able to use my mouse in the menus i would be more happy but that is probably update content... I love it otherwise...
,Recommended,288470,12122985,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Thunder Victor,"Don't buy this game if you do not have a controller to play it with I guess, apparently it's unbearable without one.However if you do have a controller, than this game is worth getting. Playing with my controller, I have had absolutely no problems whatsoever with this game. I've played all the way through it with not a single drop of rain on my sunny experience.It's even got little bonuses that weren't in the original game that I won't spoil. But it is nice to see additions as well as improvements that bring more adventure to an already really great game.So in conclusion; no controller? Don't buy unless they straighten it out for mouse and keyboard, (but honestly what did you expect? This was a game for Xbox, play it with a ♥♥♥♥ing controller and get the original experience meathead). Already have a controller? Buy it, and prepare to reminisce on the good 'ol days of Fable."
,Recommended,288470,12148445,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,LuZee,"I remember playing this game years ago. It was amazing, again and again.I also liked Fable 2 but 3 was.... yeah... not worth the money.And after that, now they brought back the original Fable!Some blame Anniversary for not adding new content. But I'm glad they left everything as it was.Because Fable was a great game for beeing... uhm...itselfxDIf they'd changed anything it would't bethatFable anymore.It is the game I loved. The game I played many times. The game I will ever love.And now it also looks more modern. Yeah, yeah... it doesn't look better than Crysis or anything. (blah blah blah)But it looksfableishway better than the original. And finaly the weather effects are working on modern systems :DSo yeah... if you love Fable. If you like to see this great game in great graphics.Then this is for you. Buy it! (Or wait for winter sale ;D )10/10 - Would kick a chicken again!"
76561198086519564,Recommended,288470,12105045,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Maynards Dick,"♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥es, get money. Hustle♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill a few ♥♥♥♥♥hs in a town while you at it. Be the most ruthless ma♥♥♥♥er around with these thug as ♥♥♥♥ looking HD graphics. Rob people and be a real gangsta whilst sitting in ur room, straight bossing it. Controls are terrible for keyboard and mouse, IT will♥♥♥♥♥♥you right off. Other then that get rich, die trying. 50!"
,Recommended,288470,12124862,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Rey,Nostalgic Senpai simulator
,Recommended,288470,12183078,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Red,"The best source of chicken chasing in videogame history. Fable Anniversary brings you back into the world of Albion that we visited so long ago. A genre defining title that created a perfect balance of fantasy rpg elements and simplicity. While the game might seem simplistic in respect to a traditional rpg or the story cliched you will find yourself coming back for more again and again. The anniversary edition adds many great features besides its remaster, including easter eggs and small content additions mainly aimed at the original players, as well as mod support. While the game launched with some major issues, those were fixed relatively quickly and I would highly recommend this over ""The Lost Chapters"", unless of course you're a big fan and played both that version and continued to replay it with the anniversary edition. 8/10."
76561198071351915,Recommended,288470,12091058,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Jack Hobo M607,"It is a great game, just like i rememeber the orginal game but in HD"
76561198031318036,Recommended,288470,12122184,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Dougdoccon,"As a huge Fable and Fable TLC fan, this is a great additition to the collection.  I had not yet played the PS3 or 360 version so I can't comment on the increase of quality (if any) over those versions.  What I can say is that I am thoroughly enjoying a re-textured HD Albion from the best title in the series.  I have yet to try the hardcore mode, but if you are looking for a Darksouls experience then move on.  Fable's charm lies in the characters, environments and quarky comedy that the game does so well.  Yes it is easy, but it is relaxing, fun, and thoroughly enjoyable.  If only they woud make a Fable 4 as a prequel to this game (during the age of dragons maybe?) with the same style and feel that made this game great.HUGE NOTE* Play it with a gamepad.  As a PC purist, I still have my wired 360 controller for occasions like this and the game really shines when it is used (can't wait for the steam gamepad!).  I could see how the menu system would be clunky with M&K."
76561198007337371,Recommended,288470,12110849,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,BigFatChicken,"It may be that fact that I use an Xbox controller on my PC, but I haven't had any of the problems listed by users. It was exactly what I expected and it's just as fun as it was 10 years ago."
76561198082971847,Recommended,288470,12111459,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Nimunax,Amazing Better then the First one xD it is the First one xD
,Recommended,288470,12105931,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Conduit,"I love how everyone demanded FA on PC and now everyone hates it... I think the graphics are a step up, the interface is strange if you only have a keyboard/mouse but its workable. The story is still there, the nostalgia is definitely there, and its still the same old Fable just all shiny. Be glad we got FA, quit complaining about all thats wrong with it and look at whats right with it.*EDIT* If the original Fable gained as much flak for the bugs it had, we wouldn't be sitting here today with an HD remake... Just think about that for a minute."
,Recommended,288470,12122822,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,GΞMѲ,very dissapointed
,Not Recommended,288470,30378128,Posted: 7 March,all,adidas?,"10/10 game0/10 compatibility issuesLove this game, never played the first one but I'm loving it. Except when I do this quest called ""Hobbe Killing Contest"" at the location ""Orchard Farm"" right when I run up and trigger the cut scene my computer goes black and restarts all the sudden, with the ""RECOVERY FROM SERIOUS CRASH"" screens and such. this has happned 3 times now. I am VERY OCD about what I put on my computer my drivers are all up to date, no viruses, no crap running in the background,win7, 16g ram, quad core 3.8ghz AMD, GTX 480 runs the game flawlessly at about 60fps so IDK whats going on here.its a main quest so its literally a game breaking bug. sad I have to wait for my taxes to upgrade my machine to play this old game.."
,Not Recommended,288470,19691959,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Aven,Just get the original Fable: TLC.The hero looks like the baby from Dinosaurs for ♥♥♥♥'s sake (go look it up and you ♥♥♥♥ing tell me that he doesn't).
76561197996652443,Not Recommended,288470,12286531,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,dustin__57,"The controls and camera are realy wonky!  the controls just feel realy weird  using the mouse to aim at your target, even though the camera likes to do an over the soulder view sometimes.  this makes it hard to aim at times.  Also the camera is verry shaky when running around the map, I dont think it was designed for mouse control.  My suggestion is, if your like me and just wanted to revisit this amazing game.  Dust off that old XBox and buy it used from gamestop.  its just so wonky feeling it realy makes it hard to get into thinking about dealing with the controls and camera for an extended period of time."
,Recommended,288470,16749193,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,MotS,It's just as hilariously broken as I remember it.It has the most exploitable economy I've ever seen and all enemies die in a few hits because you can buy endgame weapons in the first town.Just don't expect anything serious or hard from this game.
,Recommended,288470,23737280,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Icia,"Great game, pretty old school, but its still awesome to play."
,Recommended,288470,12795562,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mister Crowley,"Judging by what it was, and not what people wanted it to be, the original Fable the Lost Chapters was excellent, and is one of the most defining games of that generation.Fable Anniversary retians everything you loved about the original; the humor, the combat and spells, the alignment system, and all those goofy little quests and tasks. But the video quality is updated massively; the models are much better, and the textures really pop as opposed to the original. The draw distance is greatly improved, allowing you to see your enemies much farther away now too, which can be helpful. Also the audio is improved too, but its hardly noticable honestly, given that so much of your attention is usally focused on the game itself.Achievments now come with it too, giving incentive to finish all those things you never did in the original, or just giving you a reason to finish them all over again. Inluded in those is one for finishing the game on its newly implemented ""Heroic Mode,"" which among other things, removes exploits, makes enemies harder and removes resurrection phials, allowing for a much more difficult experience.The DLC for this game is nothing more than custume packs, which are fun to use, but a little pricy. Still, even these costume packs can add a little more to your experience without feeling out of place from the original, and can also result in hilarious screenshots.All in all, it's a fantastic way for fans of the original to experience it all over again, and for people who may have skipped it to reconsider and give it a go. It's by no means one of the best RPGs ever made, but its certainly unforgettable."
,Recommended,288470,12767724,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,MarkioBros,"As a longstanding fable fan with this revamped high definition version i experienced the same feel i had when i played the original version (+ lost chapters) you remember that moment right.. the awe at landscapes the moment you realise that the things that are going on around totally make sense due to certain things in game and then the shear brilliance of gameplay , with this anniversary brings a marvelous showstopper ... and we thought lighnting couldnt strike twice , we were wrong ."
,Recommended,288470,12997348,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,cheese friendo,Much more playable than the 360 port.Keyboard controls are straight up awful (LITERALLY 'A' AND 'B'. LIKE THE DEVELOPER JUST DIDN'T THINK ANYBODY WOULD ACTUALLY TRY).
,Recommended,288470,13693024,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Rob Justice,"I played Fable when it came out in 2004 and hated it. It was over hyped and under delivered. Flash forward ten years and I play it again without the empty promises and straight up lies so easily accessible to my brain and I toughly enjoyed it. It's a fun solid RPG.Disclaimer: My wife loves Fable, which pretty much means I love Fable. I do love a good RPG. Mmm. You know what they call a Quarter Pounder with Cheese in France?"
76561198051086146,Recommended,288470,13875714,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Timewhiz,"Look i know this game is getting a lot of mixed reviews, but this is a great game! The sounds are so much crisper and seeing all my favorite heroes in HD is freakin sweet.Pro:Still great story line!HD is great!Decaptitating bandits while wearing a dress and a redhead wig!LONG story line, up 15 hours of gameplay!Love how they added a heroic difficulty to the game!Con:Main hero face model looks awful, had to go through game with helm on to cover it up....thats it really haha.I love this game and would recommend it to other new or old gamers who love the series, except Fable 3, nobody likes that game... When they make a HD remake of Fable 2, i will be grabbing that!"
76561198148025802,Not Recommended,288470,14536583,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,BruceT,"I recently bought Fable: The Lost Chapters, which is a good game.I just bought Fable Aniversary which is the same bloody game! I cannot see any reference to the Lost Chapters anywhere on the store page. Have I missed something? WTF?"
,Recommended,288470,13467638,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DraeMoney,"I like it, I mean its an xbox original game at heart no matter what, and I only bought this because Fable 2 is my most favorite RPG and I no longer have a 360 but, don't listen to IGN its worth playing. 6.5 (which is pretty much its actual score)"
76561198058319731,Recommended,288470,15197210,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,shmengel,"I have been a long time Fable fan since I played the first years ago. I was hesitant to get it because I already owned the non-anniversary one. But having the steam workshop working for this game, it is definitely worth while."
,Recommended,288470,15128419,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Brettitonion,"great game been a big fan since the origanal, this game took me back to my child hood. I beat it twice already as good and evil. this is a game you can put hundreds of game time into and then play some more. only complaint was the stutter but after some tuning i could hardly notice. but even with that i still give it 5 stars"
,Recommended,288470,15256220,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Let's Stay Together,"I was suprised to see this game only has a ""Mixed"" rating on Steam, but after reading people's reviews about numerous technical issues I could understand their frustration.The game looks beautiful and is still just as fun as when I played it on the original XBox. A charming world, fun enemies to battle, loads of skills to choose from, secrets galore, a powerful variety of magic to fit any playstyle, morality choices, I could go on. Game lore isn't overwhelming, giving you just enough to immerse yourself in the world.This game set the standard for all future Fable games as well as being a shining example of how much fun single player action RPGs can be. At the time of playing I only notice minor sound bugs but nothing game breaking; thankfully some patches were released before my purchase.Treat yourself to this experience, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,288470,15265547,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Ipownyu,I just finished Fable Anniversary and then discovered that it is a VERY short game. (At least the main story) It does feel like the original Fable exept without the eye melting graphics from 2004. The gameplay is the same and nothing has really changed but that is a remake.That is in no shape way or form a reason to not buy this game as it is one the the best action RPG games I have ever played and wouldn't mind a Fable 2 Anniversary and Fable 3 on steam.If you like games with choices and a decent storyline then pick this one up right away!
76561198045647883,Recommended,288470,15211448,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Scruffles,"Pretty okay update of an older game. Always enjoyed the Fable series game.Some of the characters look a little goofy with the new graphics. Lots of NPCs appear to have eyes that point in slightly opposite directions, like they're all a bit wall-eyed now.Missing from the game is the Arena Exploit, which allowed you to save the game at the start of the arena, leave before the final round and reload your save and restart the arena with all the gold and XP you had earned from the first attempt. Great way to grind out XP and gold. Doesn't wreck the game or anything, since it's a single player game.9/10, still gonna play."
76561198139196947,Recommended,288470,15259171,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,dragonrainsd13,"I loved this game when if first came out, but the anniversary edition is pretty darn nice! :yay: my game is back now to decide good or evil. so many decistions"
,Recommended,288470,15184537,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Insomec,"People expecting too much from an old game, yeah the graphics are HD and look rather nice but the animations are somewhat the same. All in all, its a really fun game, especially if you've never played the first fable before id reccomend it to ANYONE who hasnt, though id probably wait till it came on sale because for £20 more its not worth it just for the fancy graphics. If you've played the original already, dont bother unless you NEED the HD graphics."
,Recommended,288470,20160756,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Blue City,The best sex scene ever
,Not Recommended,288470,22508449,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,JeremyJ,maybey but its to laggy no mater what i have a beast gaming tower its just laggy
,Recommended,288470,12074451,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Brannon,This game was very enjoyable and reminded me how much I enjoyed the first fable game.
,Recommended,288470,12214020,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sir Pancakes,"The game's obvious aesthetic takes some getting used-to... especially since it doesn't follow the theme from the in-game stained-glass style paintings anymore... instead it's almost like the character models are based off of the ""Wacky-Waving-Inflatable Arm-flailing Tube-man""...... *sigh*..... That's about my only complaint honestly.If you've always wanted to play The Lost Chapters version but hated the ""gritty"" or ""old"" style look of the game - then this is for you! It plays faster, looks cleaner, and is every-bit the complete storyline plus moar!Side-note: I've found that if you decide to power-level your character prior even to the ""Orchard Farm"" quest - then you'll notice your character be this horrible-looking ""old man faced teenager"".... yeah... However, once you progress and ""grow-up"" in the storyline, your character's model will catch-up and things will start to be a little more anetomically correct."
76561198097904702,Recommended,288470,12224522,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,NathKingCoal,kicked a chicken in the balls 10/10
76561198013594187,Not Recommended,288470,18015648,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Straychild,"This game could be good for kids but anyone over 16years old shouldn't waste time on this. Dialogues goes OOC, looks horrible, switching between combat stances seems annoying to me. I played this game for 2 hours and I don't think there is anything left what could change my oppinion or make me want to play it any longer."
76561198164264677,Not Recommended,288470,13021766,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,zilvermist,DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS GAME ... POORLY WRITTEN CODE... BODGE JOB FROM XBOX-360 VERSIONWILL CRASH AND LAG ON ALL RIGS
,Recommended,288470,12136610,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Sadius the Corruptor,"Splitting this into 2 parts, Review of the game itself and then the enhancements.The actual Opinion is right at the bottom if you want to look and if you don't feel like reading through detail.The game sets you out as a little boy, who has his home town raided by bandits and then saved by a mage known as 'Maze', He then makes you join the Heroes guild, a small guild dedicated to raising people into heroes so they can help Albion, from there it's a very big adventure. Now first off, it's not Elder Scrolls big, there are certain things you can't do but can do, It's between massively open and limited, You can marry, have sex, Buy houses, kill townsfolk (Good luck fist fighting in Bowerstone), Open secret doorways to treasure, buy houses in the towns of people you kill, become incredibly evil or incredibly good (This affects your appearance massively, Evil causes you to lose hair, grow horns, create an evil aura about you and causes your hands and feet to become demonic, while being good causes you to emit a good aura about you, grow white hair and have a Halo above you), but you cannot customise appearance at the start (You can get a haircut, get a beard, tattoo's, become fat by eating too much, becoming good/evil, old, Muscly and scarred), you cannot create your own adventure, your name is always 'Hero' and titles you can buy, Not immersive that highly and do all that creating weapons (There is more but I didn't want to keep this going forever).Now is this like Skyrim? Certainly not, the only reason I compared them with openess because everyone recognises Skyrim as the big RPG. It's a medium sized fantasy RPG action game, most people would think that because it's a fantasy RPG action game, it's similar to Skyrim, however it has it's own unique style, instead of being an entire fantasy world populated with elves, orcs and all that, It's basically medieval britian with magic and monsters, Does this ruin the game? No, not at all, for the time it was a incredibly refreshing change from Orcs and Elf fantasies (Still is).The combat for this game is quite basic, You have heavy weapons, light weapons, Bows/Crossbows and magic, Basic combat stuff like Swing, Block and a heavy attack, Heavy Weapons are incredibly sluggish to use (Don't expect to use them right away until your Physique is high enough) while light weapons are quick (No Dual wielding), Bows can be used to engage fights from a distance at first so they come to you, however headshotting an enemy will do high damage and can instantly kill them if strong enough and magic is something you can use to get around enemies, slow time, do deadly AoE attacks or summon/turn enemies against them. Leveling in this game is hugely different, in fact, leveling doesn't exist, you get EXP drops from enemies you kill or quests you complete, and you spend them at the guild to upgrade your magic, your skills (Speed, accuracy and guile) or upgrade your power (Health, Physique and Strength), killing enemies without getting hit will give huge boosts to EXP drops so make sure to be quick on your feet.Now for Actual opinion, The game is quite a great game, despite the series never living up to it's expectations, it's still a great game and the beginning of a great adventure, the story does better than most RPGs and keeps you invested to the end at least, the world is quite a lovely place, the gameplay is basic but good enough to get through the game, the music is absolutely gorgeus and the setting is amazing. Easy 9/10 for meNow is the graphical enhancement worth it?It looks very beautiful compared to the old game, no edges seen, but it isn't exactly todays standards but still nice and it's definitely as I remember it, the only issue I had with this was the menus, some of the layouts weren't that great but the UI is definitely improved, The only issue I have with this compared to the old game was nagivating through the menus, it was a bit of a chore to do, but they seem like they will be fixing that eventually and they are planing to allow more mod making soon (Currently it's just small things).So I do think this game is worth it if you are an RPG fan, it does it's job of entertaining you from start to finish and does contain british humour every once and a while"
76561198046074042,Recommended,288470,12129031,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Praetor Americanus,"If you have an Xbox controler and dont mind glitches, I would recommend. If not, hold out a bit on this one."
76561198051270376,Recommended,288470,14234174,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,jonzych,"finally an update of the classic. controls well, and looks great. other than some very minor glitches ( primarily in combat) this is an amazing, much needed update.a must have."
76561198145560727,Recommended,288470,13025819,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,kat_freak,"Great game! I only had a little trouble starting it when it first downloaded, but all in all amazing game still and I am so happy to have it on my laptop.!!!! Accidently gave myself a halo when I wanted horns XD silly me."
,Recommended,288470,13023671,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Rin Kobayashi,"After some time and patches, heck, even when I pre-laoded this on a binge I still enjoyed this game for what it is and was. An HD remake of the best and only (In my eyes) Fable game there is. The new textures and scenes look amazing. Tesselation and all that eye candy. Definately feels like a fantasy world now with the glow, lights and crazy amount of trees. Now with modding AND mouse support in the menus. (Should of done that in the first place but what you gonna do?) this game is a great remaster without simply slapping on some textures. (Though it does seem like it at some parts.) But there was work put into it and it has turned out beautiful. Don't have much game time yet but I definately play this version more than TLC which i bought for like 1 dollar. Don't ever forget the chicken hat, kicking chickens should definately be a sport.10/10 Will watch like MLG."
,Recommended,288470,13052461,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Scrim,"One of the best games I have ever played now revamped with nice graphics and seemless gameplay! Highly Reccomended for any and all RGP Fantasy Players wanting something that will be fun, enjoyable and give all your choices consequences"
76561198031828532,Recommended,288470,12126245,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,McDonk,"Sure, it's a port. It's buggy, it has shitall graphics settings, the menu's are ♥♥♥♥ing awful, and its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to navigate and there is nothing to tell you how to open your inventory anywhere. But you know what? I love it anyway. Fable: The Lost Chapters, was my favorite game as a kid, and when they announced this for PC, i was crazy happy. This game is awesome, and I enjoyed it immensely. Anyone who complains WAHHH IT HAS BAD SETTINGS WAHHH ITS A PORT, you should've known it would have been, and just enjoyed the game anyway.So yeah, buy at risk that it's difficult to get the hang of the menu, it has FPS drops and its a console port. But if you love Fable, the world of Albion and the humour, you can't go past this game :)"
76561198043560520,Recommended,288470,12125358,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,NippleWizard,"This game is getting thumbed down for more reason than it should. Many complaints about this game are so minor yet people let it ruin their experience just because they rage to rage.Pros: Just like the original except better graphics and the ability to mod. New items added and the chance to replay a great game with a revamped look.Cons: Mouse is usless and key set up is terrible beyond belief (this is being worked on).It isn't too hard or expensive to buy a controller. Gamestop sells them for 6-7 bucks used and you will use it more than just fable.If you write a review please write something that hasnt been written a thousand times before and not about sucky controls, we get it. My opinion 8.5/10 once the modding community grows this will be hell of a game dont let others spoil it."
,Recommended,288470,12180573,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Sherponie,"I prefer using a controller and the game looks great, sure there are some bugs but who cares. only gripe is not being able to drink multiple potions after going through the clunky menus."
76561198021303730,Recommended,288470,12135072,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Infernalbird,"I don't know what major issues are being experienced but apparently from reading the reviews on this page there is a slue of them. I haven't had any problems with the menu's in game or movement and visually this game casts a shadow over the lost chapters and the xbox original. There was added content but nothing that really matters because this is a HD remake not a reimagining or a retelling, personally I think that it is unfair to demand even MORE of a dev after they've already ported it once and now again. The game includes mods support with the engine editor so any problems to be had are going to be fixed whether we like it or not which is far and beyond what a lot of other games on steam can boast about. I've only just started it up and can't seem to replicate the issues so take this review for what its worth. This game probably won't have a good mouse and keyboard support because it was never intended to be played on a pc without a controller, they aren't even that expensive.The issue in the end isn't the game its the coddling of the players that is absent that seems to upset people and that doesn't lend to fair judgement of the game.tl:dr - if you like fable / lost chapters, get it. it looks amazing it has all of the replayability and it has the editor. If your a bargin shopper christmas is coming and we all have wallets that will hurt afterward this should go on sale by then."
76561198032342193,Recommended,288470,12124969,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Friendly Filipino,"My childhood lives on. Back during the original Xbox days, this was my religion. Still captures every aspect of what I loved about the original.10/10"
76561198062555896,Recommended,288470,12131581,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,ARKREND,"If you loved the magic from the first Fable you will LOVE this, I remember playing the original and always saying that this game would be perfect if I could wear Thunders outfit! Or Jacks robes! Well now that's possible and roaming through the game world is beautiful, Snowspire village they did an outstanding job its so gorgous. On the down side character animation can be a little clunky but I have faith that will be fixed. Plus steam workshop on the way....What more can you ask for? I say finally Lionhead has delivered."
,Recommended,288470,12132607,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,HeyMcFly,"Wether you played Fable 10 years ago or not, do yourself a treat. You can't really call it the best RPG of the past decade, but it's one of the few you'll get back to with pleasure years later, as I did."
,Not Recommended,288470,16431327,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Morigue,Way To much LAG to enjoy playing this game. :(
,Not Recommended,288470,16427461,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[HD] .:ĦæΜęŋ:.,"Unplayable, #betaculture at it's finest!"
,Recommended,288470,16616757,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ThirdDegreePun,"I wrote a 1300 word review of this game which apparently surpasses steam's capacity for reviews. So, with much reluctance I present to you the dot-point summary of my masterfully fleshed out glorious review of Fable: Anniversary; an HD Modern Re-Release of Fable: The Lost Chapters;The Good- Expansive world which reacts to your decisions rather nicely- Visuals can be quite pretty in places (animations and models a bit uglier in other spots though)- Quick travel, mechanics and controls are quite good (set to classic. Seriously.)- Quests are varied, fun, and challenging when you 'boast'.- Humour is highly appreciated and nicely balances against the grittier elements of this game.- Play it in a bunch of ways, you'll probably be a mix of good and evil but tofu your way to goodness if you're like me.The Less Than Good- Bugs. Here and there. Can be rather annoying- Audio is too compressed for my liking- No female character available, your control over how they look is both expansive but also limited (e.g. hair colour)- Aging can be ridiculously fast. Its cool, but like, chill.- Some aspects of the game which would be fun (stealing) are hugely difficult.Fable: Anniversary is a game which has a wonderful soundtrack, excellent balance of darker elements with some tongue-in-cheek humour intersperced throughout, wonderful character-world interaction and an excellent quest and navigational system. It's held back by some distressing bugs and poor audio quality at times, but otherwise is a great romp into a classic RPG.8/10"
76561198078654111,Recommended,288470,13317155,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,kritydar,SUPER!!!
76561198035163764,Recommended,288470,13138187,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Christopher Rabbit,"I really enjoyed playing through Fable again. It WAS one of a kind, even innovative for its time. It's still lovably quirky, iconic, and the HD graphics are great; but otherwise, its clunky combat system, unbalanced difficulty, and paltry offering of an expansion haven't aged well. So many other games succeeding Fable took cues from its formula and improved upon it ten-fold.If you have a nostalgia b""ner for the original Fable, buy it on sale.Is it really worth $25 today? Me thinks NOTS'MUCH."
76561198040634520,Recommended,288470,13193262,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Loki011,"I feel the game is nicely remastered but i wasn't looking for a new experiance by any means.  I picked the game up cause i wanted to play through Fable again, as its a classic, and i loved it the first time i played through.  I figured i would give the Anniversary edition a shot since it was on sale for only 7 dollars more then Fable TLC.I am loving playing this game again and the graphics look great.  Honestly i feel great about this purchase.  I don't think i would have paid $34.99 to play through the game again but at half price definatly.  I will get more then my moneys worth in entertainment!!!Hope you enjoy!"
,Recommended,288470,13258721,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,HacknSlashkid,Beautifully remastered with full controller support. Big thumbs up from me!
,Recommended,288470,15408492,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Hermit,Love everything about this game but im not paying that much for the DLC. should have been in the game for free. Can use keyboard and mouse now
76561198046675266,Recommended,288470,29191052,Posted: 11 January,all,Dustin,An amazing remastered Fable 1. 'Nuff said! :D8/10
,Recommended,288470,13665735,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,teets,"If you want to play lost chapters, then go play it! Instead of teabagging this version!The game runs smoothly, looks great. Using a controler is probs beter since there is no mouse support for the menus LOL.Murdered my sister, friends, fellow heros, father figure but let Jack live. I'm a horrid person.I enjoy this game. Still leagues better than Fable 2,3Do recommend"
,Recommended,288470,18274671,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ElfenRP,10/10 Game Favorite game. Played orginial long ago.
76561198068727355,Recommended,288470,23743694,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Primest,This is by far one of my favorite games of all time. I probably have more play time in this game than any other game in the world.
,Recommended,288470,12951456,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Voidness,"Putting this simply, Fable Anniversary is a remake of a game we all loved either from back in the day on the orginal Xbox or pc. Overall it's remembering great memories that will make you buy this game if you've played it before, and if you haven't, a great experience and fun game which at least for me, started the whole be good or be evil choices in rpg games"
76561198109877467,Not Recommended,288470,16496132,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Aniska,"I don't really want to rate this game negatively since I loved Fable 1 and was dying to play the game again with better graphics but unfortunately I had to quit the game after 10 minutes of playtime due to motion sickness (I play on a laptop with keyboard and mouse) and there weren't any options to adjust the camera speed or something.Thumbs up for the graphics and the game overall (at least Fable 1 was good, and this is basically the same game)Thumbs down for lack of camera adjustment possibilites. Motion sickness really is no fun at all :("
76561198045136968,Recommended,288470,12996010,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mr. Bean™,"Yes this game has it's problems with were some keys are placed, but this game is true to it's word. What I mean by that is that they didnt add new missions witch could have hurt the game. All they really did what re-hual the graphics and audio. The game play is fun and bring back old memories from my child hood though it does suffer from 10 to 15 second screen freezing every now and again. I can say I would recommend sence it's on sale as of the time that I wrote this review.  7/10 Because of a few bug that can be crippling."
,Recommended,288470,15978725,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,raiderred27,"Menus aren't great for PC, still as good as I remember  overall."
,Recommended,288470,13558409,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Atrum Ruina,"Fable Anniversary is exactly what it says on the tin: it's Fable: The Lost Chapters with a new coat of paint. The game looks good, performs great and, most importantly for me, has great controller support.A lot of the negative feedback for the game is based on the sorry state of its initial release. Most of these issues have been resolved in later builds, including adding mouse support, more logical keyboard inputs, better keymapping and better performance. I personally play the game with a controller and think the implemented support is superb however I can see how M+KB players would have been put off by the game's initial state.There are a few notable changes; Hero Saves are gone and replaced by a Checkpoint system. This has advantages in that it's much easier to pick up a mission where you left off, rather than having to plant yourself once a quest begins and hope nothing pulls you away. Unfortunately, some of the old exploits are now gone as a result of the change -- you can't decrease your age, you can't farm for experience by Hero Saving mid-mission, you can't get both of the ""either-or"" items in the game (Bright/Dark Will User's Hat, Sword of Aeons/Avo's Tear.) Overall, these were exploits so while I miss their inclusion, I don't think it's a straight negative for the game.In addition, the game now has a Fable 2/3 style control scheme. This works rather well, though it's largely not a significant advantage and comes with its own issues. You can't use your Fists since using X or Y (on a controller) automatically unsheathes your Sword or Bow, respectively. More importantly, Will users are significantly less flexible as they can now only use one spell at a time, having to cycle through each individual spell rather than cycling through groups of three and using a button to cast the appropriate spell. It's problematic and for most users, the Traditional is probably the best option. For users who focus almost entirely on Melee/Archery, however, it can be a boon.Overall, the game is faithful to the original and that's what you're buying -- the original game with enhanced graphics and Xinput support. I got the game on sale and think I got my money's worth, given that I'm a massive fan of the Fable franchise and the original is still arguably the best. A chance to replay the game with rose-colored glasses firmly in place is definitely worthwhile for me.P.S. Lipsyncing helps the dialog look a LOT less wooden. Very good move on Lionhead's part."
76561198010120271,Not Recommended,288470,17239385,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Spidermang,The characters look like♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,288470,24747659,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Sloth,"Great Game, loved it. Went out and bought fable 3 from amazon lol 8/10"
,Not Recommended,288470,24695271,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,jru_666,Nice to see they did a good job remastering this game....Cutscenes are so blurry they have ruined not only my vision but also my fond memories of this game on the orginal xbox.
,Recommended,288470,24307319,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,RAYKINS,There are two things that Lionhead did right during their lifespan.1. The first Fable game2. The remake of the first Fable gameEverything else is the reason why they're dead.
,Recommended,288470,23830648,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bay Liva Badem,"Story is simple, kill your family to get uber weapons or work hard to do this not killing your family but killing lots of other things way. No matter what you do, the outcome is the same, you'll get to be the hero even if you have the horns or the angelic stuff hovering over your head. The game doesn't force you to do things even if the story is pretty linear.You can make the combat simple, by mashing buttons and slicing your enemies, or more complex with a little dash of magic. Seriously, spellcasting in this game is one of the best. Or you could just play the game for the nostalgia sake."
,Recommended,288470,16583610,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ex^Cell,"Personally, to myself, the graphics update looks fantastic. HOWEVER, I would not recommend buying this at full price.. If it's not on sale, definitely don't pay full price. The graphics update is really awesome, but not ""full-price awesome"". If you catch it on sale for 10 or less, then this update is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,288470,17527147,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ᴍғɢʀᴇᴛʜ,"A nice update of Fable: The Lost Chapters. Works great in big picture mode with a controller, though the menu is kind of borked if you want to stick to mouse + keyboard. The first Fable game was an extremely overhyped game that could never live up to the promises Peter Molyneux made for it, but after reflection is was a solid little RPG with tons of heart and cheese. The new graphics kind of make the character models frightening, but the environments look wonderful. PROTIP: Get the color correction mod from Workshop, as the default colors are a bit too bright and clean as opposed to the originals versions fantastic palette."
76561198015389373,Recommended,288470,16438468,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Stapes,"Seeing a lot of hate towards this game and it kinda bothers me. I was very cautious about buying it due to the complaints of performance issues and other problems that people were mentioning. Since the game went on sale during the summer sale for a very good price I decided to go ahead and buy it since I have always wanted too play it. I will say that in my honest opinion that the game is very fun and enjoyable to play. I have no complaints about it's performance and I am running it on max settings. I am using a Xbox One controler and the controls feel really good, I asked a friend how the keyboard controls were and they said that they are fine once you get used to them. If there were issues before, they seemed to be fixed and the game runs absolutely fine. Its a rebooted game so try not to expect to much, try to have the mindset of playing a game from your childhood."
,Recommended,288470,14965099,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Dress Coded,Best
76561198120485677,Recommended,288470,15960944,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dazmine,"I absolutely love the graphic improvements of Fable Anniversary. Although the game is unplayable for me, (jitters, I've tried several fixes that haven't worked for me, I can only assume my system is incompatible or something), I gave it a good shot, but couldn't get passed the jittery/stuttering game. I love Fable though, and if you have the system for this game, I absolutely recommend it."
76561197986997779,Recommended,288470,13466497,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AgmP.KsW,Nostalgic :D
,Recommended,288470,13993717,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Quake III,"A great fan service and throw back to nostalgia.Not worth full price, but it on sale. Still a great game in its own right, if a little dated."
,Recommended,288470,14267709,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Kristofen,People are so moody.Get it if  you like Fable and want to relive. This was my first time playing it and I was not disappointed.
,Recommended,288470,30327358,Posted: 4 March,all,Sorrien,Worth getting on sale if you miss the original.
,Recommended,288470,13014162,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Nimrom Dug,"This is exactly what the players have asked for for so long. A  ""HD"" remake of the fantastic game that was Fable. If you've enjoyed the fable games in the past and want to relive the old adventures of the first fable game (Looking slightly better) Then there's no reason for you not to play this. Yes it has some DLC's but nothing that is needed, if you don't enjoy DLC then don't get it.By all means this is a great game and worthy of sinking lots of hours into, exploring and getting to know the characters, but bear in mind the original game is now getting quite old and therefore might lack in content compared to modern AAA titles.It has a captivating story and entertaining characters with lots of classic british humor thrown in here and there."
76561198089311810,Not Recommended,288470,24315538,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,squad up360,fable 2 is way  better u know where to go for quests i dont even know where to go to start some of them in this one. the guy locks on the wrong person when fighting and the game is just boring after a while
,Recommended,288470,12225992,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,DualWieldingBucklers,"It's back, and it's finally hard enough. They did a great job bringing this game back. There are a few disappointing things, like the character faces look a bit too unnatural this time around and Oakvale has weird lag spikes when the hero is still a lad. Other than that, this game feels just about as satisfying as I was hoping."
,Recommended,288470,12226526,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,XxmanoxX,its great that its on pc and i highly suggest getting the game. its awesome
76561198032140201,Recommended,288470,12242378,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,3Dogg,This game is still fun after all these years
,Recommended,288470,12246689,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Rep,As awesome as ever
76561198061408925,Recommended,288470,12236188,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Scamnewton,great game. HD. Always been a fan of this game.
76561198043818144,Recommended,288470,32788084,Posted: 25 June,all,chucko2010,I love fable and always will. Fable 2 is still my favorite by a long shot. Man this game is bugged still made it through it but holy cow is it bugged.
,Recommended,288470,24025897,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,queenslayer,"It really has nothing to it to make it different unless you add all the bugs. It's not as smooth as the original in my opinion. Awesome game, just poorly remastered."
,Recommended,288470,22132390,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ganja,"I love this game, the graphics are absolutely stunning. It requires a pretty good computer, which mine can't run it very good. I got this game on sale for about 8 dollars I think, overall I can recommend this game."
76561198122165923,Not Recommended,288470,20031362,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,xjazzx,I am absoloutely discusted in the way i have bought this game and it is not working properly it lags out and i wont move intill about 3 min later please sort it out all my other games work.
76561198046480133,Recommended,288470,20958093,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kveilmark,An absolute all time favorite! 10/10
76561198006267841,Recommended,288470,12419248,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Jimmy D,"If you loved the original Fable or are new to the franchise this is the game for you.  The music and graphics have been pumped up very well but keeps it's charm with the original storyline and voices. Hardcore mode is insane, and a real challenge, if you were able to fly through the original give it a bash. I highly recommend this game."
76561198035686034,Recommended,288470,12092969,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Bad Wolf Cub,"I am loving the remastering of a favourite game from my past, but there is a major bug still in the works (either connectivity to the server or some overlooked animation problem)  regardless, the game lags to high hell mid combat then regains it's composure just long enough to allow you the gripping visual of your own death.  If this game is to be the wonderful rebirth of a long loved game series, this needs to be dealt with.  Untill then, I cannot recommend this game, you're better off dusting off the old console version and playing through all the glitches we found the first time through."
76561198090372755,Recommended,288470,30798744,Posted: 28 March,all,Stepan,Top kek i sink
76561198119518801,Recommended,288470,19425911,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dio Brando,"I dont think people really understand what remastered means. There's not really suppossed to be any updates, just better graphics. Anyone buying this game for new content dont because it doesnt really have any, its not suppossed to, other than DLC of course but not the point im making, its remastered the graphics and maybe some controlls are the only new things in this game.If you disagree then ♥♥♥♥ you, if you think my grammer or spelling is bed then also ♥♥♥♥ you.Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,288470,21573856,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Matom_Bomb,"I hadn't owned an xbox or pc when fable first came out, so I was excited to see what all the fuss was about. Action RPGs are my favorite genre, so I figured I'd like it a lot, but there are so many issues with this game that just haven't made it worth it.Cons:freezes everytime I've played it (a problem a lot of people are apparently having)generic, mediocre storyhorrible voice actingno mods, there are 16 mediocre ones in allabsolutely not improvements from original, it's basically just a fable skinPros:open world is neat if you don't care about storymildly funny at timesinteresting, if a bit clunky, gameplay"
76561198014832737,Recommended,288470,12463639,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Galenskapen,"Helt okej remake av orginal spelet, gillar man fable och inte har kört Lost Chapters rekommenderar jag det starkt."
,Recommended,288470,12076474,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,deadlygambit2,"Since I wrote my original review, there have been patches implimented into Fable Anniversary Edition! The game comes off as more stable, but still has rendering issues in the Arena when it comes to the cut-scenes with the hero, audience, Jack of Blades, and Lady Grey scenes. I also am confused by the system used to assign keys for the D-Pad. I assign them, but cannot seem to use them. Those are my only urks at this moment.Aside from the urks of rendering issues with certain points of the game, Fable feels like the original. The game-play is very smooth with the XBox 360 controller and the Fable 2-3 controls (unless you are assigning to your D pad, as mentioned before). The game matains the feeling I had with the Original Fable and Lost Chapters versions of the games and gives you a nostolgic feel when you play it.If you are a big Fable fan, and can get past the issues of rendering delays, and the D-Pad issues, then I would reccomend the game! Despite the flaws, it is still a lot of fun and a great trip down memory lane for those who once played it on the Xbox. There is much the world of Albion has to offer you, once more!If you cannot stand those problems I listed, I suggest waiting for more patches or look into getting Fable: Lost Chapters instead (You cannot play that version of Fable with a gamepad unless you get a seperate program that allows it. It is a strictly a Keyboard and mouse version of the game). If you are still on the fence, the best I can tell you is to wait for the game to go on sale and take a chance on it.As for the DLC, you do not need it. The DLC only gives you the ability to BUY the items in game, and they items are insanely expensive or hard to find. I was hoping we got the items off the bat once you became an adult, but nope. Unless it goes down to super cheap, I suggest you save your money and play the game as is."
,Recommended,288470,12091084,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,shae.b35,"""Not until they fix the major annoying bugs of this game. Constantly freezing, and frame stuttering.Other then that the HD remake is beautiful. They just really need to start fixing these major issues before releasing games. It shows when they do something for profit and not for the fans.""EDIT**The patching has fixed most of the major issues in this game.It's a decent ""redo"" now."
,Recommended,288470,12075718,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Shantiri,This last patch fixed most every problem I personally had with the game. Now I can actually play it!
76561197982798161,Recommended,288470,32603634,Posted: 20 June,all,♥ 팬더 ♥,"Simply the best game of my life. I played it at the time there were 4 (or maybe 5) CDs in the box. Was the first game with such history, design, universe etc.A gem that's still shining in 2017.I would recommend to buy this game and spend lot of hours into Albion."
,Recommended,288470,12094431,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Zeitzef,how do i get my refund.Every thumbs down review has already made it's points 10 times over I'm not gonna repeat it again.Edit.The developers seems to be on it. Fixing major issues with the game still not great but acceptable.Only thing missing is full keyboard + mouse control that would make me really happy.
76561198316051857,Not Recommended,288470,33273169,Posted: 5 July,all,Yukinekorin,"Updated:The graphics are fine and all...But the PC controls don't really work that well for me and I don't have a controller. It was a little weird controlling the character for me. If I could sell off this game to someone who would  like it and enjoy it more than I did I would. I don't know, maybe because I am kind of new to Fable or maybe Fable games just don't really suit me.Highlight: MAYBE Fable Games don't really suit me. I really wanted to like it, trust me. Or else I wouldn't have bought it in the first place. T.T"
76561198109227149,Recommended,288470,13438045,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,FAT █-█ █ ▀█▀ LER,This is my all time favorite game! I remember playing it on the first gen xbox and i loved it! now that it looks 200 times better im even more in love with it i hope you guys can fix the glitch were the menu just goes down and you can barly move your selected items up idk if its just me but if you could fix that it would be great! forget about the other comments saying its bad and all it is is a texture pack well basicly yes it is and it is amazing! Just wait im sure microsoft has more in store for this game!
76561197970384883,Recommended,288470,12275488,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,FHDA,87%
,Recommended,288470,12257000,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,bagodees,I have both the original and this one and love this version because of the controller support.
,Recommended,288470,13220435,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,W1ntur,"I love the Fable games.  I bought The Lost Chapters (TLC) when it was released on steam out of nastalgia, but never got aroun to playing it.  Since this was an update on that version of the game, I came into this game blind to the changes that TLC made.I was disappointed at how many poor review this game was being given right out of the gate.  I preordered it, and was thuroughly enjoying it on release day.  I believe they did a wonderful job with this game, and were still patching any errors and exploits that were reported a week in.Personally I dissagree with the primary comlaint that was being given in the first week.  That complaint being about poor keyboard an mouse controls.  The original game was designed around a controller, and required significant changes to work intuitively with a keyboard.  They attempted this with a modicum of success, but as with any game that is designed with one control sceme in mind, they do not translate well.  I would never dream of playing this game without a controller, so in my opinion it is a moot point.The addition of a harcore mode was interesting.  It did not add much challenge though.  I almost never use potions, so the lack of resurection phails became the greatest dificulty.Overall I enjoyed this game even more than I remembered from my playthrough of the original.  I would recommend this game, but would also caution those with a tight wallet that there is little difference between this and TLC."
,Recommended,288470,13406219,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,LeftyLink,"I started Fable with The Lost Chapters, the original PC port/expansion out in 2005, and immediately fell in love with it. I'm very happy to say, the Anniversary holds true to the original, sprucing up the graphics and improving the menus to a degree. Controls and audio are tight as ever (don't fix what isn't broken), and overall it steps the game up a notch. If you liked the original, this will no disappoint. If you missed it the first time around, definitely get this, you're in for a treat."
76561198028358390,Recommended,288470,34207028,Posted: 12 August,all,Irish,One of the greatest games ever. Not even hyperbole here. Checkout my playthrough on youtube and maybe tell me I'm a piece of $#@! and dislike.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0DmP-z6WxqdmYt-taCCxcQ/videos
76561198027370698,Recommended,288470,12080497,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,killum109,"Updated ReviewThey have made a few updates that have added mouse support for the menus including the inventory menus, also added more keymapping so most of the commands are in there. I still think that the original art style was better. Because they have fix the major issues that made it a pain to play I have changed the review from ""not recommend"" too ""recommend"".Original Review: 13 Sep @ 4:47pmThe menus do NOT have any mouse support! you only use the keyboard for menus, keymapping is very limited.The graphic upgrade is not very good. The textures are not sharp and the changes to the faces are weird .I would recommend just getting ""Fable The Lost Chapters""."
,Recommended,288470,29529531,Posted: 27 January,all,Vicente,"It's an old game, so it has it's issues, but it's hella fun!"
76561198045349099,Recommended,288470,28476579,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Pediluvio,F*****g masterpiece.
76561197989964303,Not Recommended,288470,27665097,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Replicant_Owl,"Clearly my choice for the ""Best Use of a Farm Animal"" Award.Poor crunchy chicks..."
76561198142083824,Recommended,288470,32198324,Posted: 5 June,all,Djungeln,I like.
76561198049222743,Recommended,288470,34570717,Posted: 29 August,all,gotgameguy1,"Fun, silly, and charming. Played the whole game :)"
76561198098442212,Recommended,288470,17353721,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Chrisp Ratt,You can fart8/8
76561198017943247,Recommended,288470,12182618,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,black culture,"Most of the control issues have been solved (adding the mouse cursor to menus) and the addition of steam workshop has added the possibility to deal with some of the other issues like the FXAA making the game look worse. It's a fun game if you loved the old fable, which I did. It's not much of an HD remake but if you like the look of it and it doesn't give you too many technical issues than it might be worth your money."
,Recommended,288470,33297497,Posted: 5 July,all,Syruse,Please port Fable 2.
,Recommended,288470,17259553,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,memp.0,"No idea why people hate this port so much, I had zero issues with mouse + keyboard, game ran flawless (UE FTW).Wish I could stay in Albion for longer but I'm not really someone for replaying story modes. For anyone looking to check out the Fable series this is a solid start, for anyone who has played the original years ago I highly recommend playing this remake."
,Recommended,288470,30991606,Posted: 6 April,all,Hitokiri Battousai,This is back when games had story. Where developers didn't overcontemplate things.
,Not Recommended,288470,24144390,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SinglePlayerGod,"First Fable is outstanding, colorful rpg. I fell in love with it in 2006....But this is not a good remake!Cons:-Low resolution textures (because its easier to make a f@#$%& xbox 360 port)-Ugly AF characters (even in lost chapters they weren't so bad)-Few bugs and crashes-High price and motherf$#@%& dlc-Old animations, old cutscenes-More ugly AF characters-When I heard about Fable remake for the first time I expected locations would be connected... Yeah, right...Pros:+New menu...designed for controllers+Optional higher difficulty...still ez+Achievements...which you can get all of them on first walkthrough+I noticed that Heroes guild, Greatwood and Bowerstone looks better...but thats allGuys, trust me - its better to pay 10$ for Lost chapters, than 35$ for Anniversary (oh wait, game costs 35$withoutdlc)."
,Recommended,288470,33213353,Posted: 3 July,all,Assassingamer7,:D
76561197989309123,Recommended,288470,12855514,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Drenwolf,"Cette version remasterisée de l'anthologique Fable, premier du nom, mérite toute son attention envers ceux qui n'aurait pas eu le plaisir d'avoir connu sa sortie en 2004. J'invite cependant à ne pas payer cette nouvelle version au prix fort car bien qu'éblouissante ainsi qu'un compatibilité manette confortable, il nécessite encore des corrections ( de textures par exemples). Et sa version vanilla ""Fable The lost Chapter"" coûte moins du double! Ce qui est quelque peu gonflé à mon simple avis. Vous êtes curieux ? Alors, n'hésitez pas, ce jeu est une pépite d'or !This remasterized version needs all attention towards those which won't have heard its first release date in 2004.I would nevertheless advise you not to pay the full price for this new version because, although their beautiful work and the long-awaited xbox joypad compatibility are added, it still requires some corrections (of textures for examples). And the old version “Fable The lost Chapter” costs less double! This is cheeky in my simple opinion.. But if you're curious?! Then, do not hesitate, this game is a gold nugget!"
76561198043129218,Not Recommended,288470,22987129,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,|EmergencyLlama|,"Seriously, just buy the original, much better"
76561198068787967,Recommended,288470,13002084,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,AltoTim,"If you have played Fable (The Lost Chapters) in the past, and you liked it, this is with no doubt a game to purchase for around €22!If you have not played Fable in the past, you should realize that it is simply a graphical update of the 2005 version. So don't expect evolutionary gameplay for 2014. Fable was a good game back then, and still is. So if you are looking for a light RPG with lots of British humor, great storyline and memorable boss fights. You should pick Fable Anniversay up for €10."
76561198035899904,Recommended,288470,13000791,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Scotty,"I really enjoyed the original and got very excited to hear that it was being remastered graphically on consoles, and even more so excited when it came out on PC. The only qualm I have about it in it's current state is the new interface and controls are very lacking. With a little bit of keymapping I was able to get the in-game controls to a semi-natural feel, but that still left the menu interface with a lot to be desired. Overall I am having a blast replaying a huge part of my early gaming experiences with updated graphics and at a harder difficulty (Heroic) which was added. This was a purchase I am overall very happy with and would highly recommend to anyone who played Fable and The Lost Chapters on the Xbox (or PC)."
,Recommended,288470,12079688,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Tornado433,"It's ok, but I recommend that you use a Xbox controller as mouse and keyboard doesn't work well for this game. Also the cutscene audio cuts out 5-10 seconds into the cutscenes.If your planning on purchasing this game get it on Xbox 360 (or Xbox One if it's on there)."
,Recommended,288470,12999112,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Eyes0fred,"Great great game.  I played the original when it was new. I've played and replayed all of them.  I've now beat this (on Heroic =P) and had a BLAST, already replaying it as evil.  No crashes or bugs iirc.Better graphics, widescreen and Heroic difficulty justify price IMO. and yea, I own Lost Chapters, still bought this, still don't regret it."
,Recommended,288470,12078544,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Ryan,"Don't know what people are complaining about. The menu interface is kind of a pain to get used to but it doesn't detract from the gameplay one bit. It's great having an updated, remastered version of a game I grew up with."
,Recommended,288470,12075595,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Arakata,"I thoroughly enjoyed Fable and Fable:TLC and this is a great remake of the great game. However, I do agree with the other bad reviews when they say the graphics are choppy. While beautiful, the rendering and optimization is terrible. Once I finally got the graphics tuned to a good option, things got better however the game itself was still choppy. Once this is fixed I do believe it to be a great look back on the classic Fable. As far as the rest of the game is concerned (EXCLUDING the choppy graphics/gameplay) I would recommend it, 4/5"
,Recommended,288470,12075274,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,rot kat,"When I was little, my daddy bought me an xbox. Included with lots of games like Halo, Jade Empire, Dead or Alive, Tony Hawk.Later on he gave me a package and in that package was Fable: The lost chapters.I loved the game and played it over and again. I also bought it on pc and started modding, because it kinda bored me after a while.  Then Fable 3 came out on pc and I bought that game as well, loved it. But not a lot of emotion; neither I had that 'feeling' I really had a choice. In Fable TLC I did have that, and I still do.Now today Fable Anniversary came out and I have to admit I love it as well, even though it seems a bit laggy sometimes.Have played for about 2 hours; I would say, if you're a really big fan of Fable in general: GO ON AND BUY IT.But don't expect too much from it; it's only HD and some DLC added (Clothes and weapons.)But don't forget there will also be Steam Workshop for this game which will maybe make it a more enjoyable!"
,Not Recommended,288470,22703863,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,David0vić,"Generic story, generic world, generic characters and very simple, basic gameplay. Press the attack button to win. I was mashing x on my 360 controller the whole time and had no problem with any enemy. And then getting the solus greatsword halfway through the game which is the best weapon in the game and maxing out my slow time ability, my god. They updated the game adding a higher difficulty in response to how easy the game was. The problem is they couldn’t balance it. They added tougher enemies, for example instead of normally fighting wasps in the starting areas you are now fighting against bandits that kill you in three hits instead of eight or so. This would have been fine but the combat mechanics are not built for higher difficulty because of how basic it is. There is only one attack button and there is no way to predict enemy attacks like in dark souls for example so the enemies attack animation hits you in less than a second and takes of half your health bar and blocking and dodging is so clunky it’s not even worth it. So you have to choose either one of the easiest games of all time or really unfair difficulty for the sake of it being difficult. I mainly focused on the main story because I wasn’t into the game much to do much of the side quests. The main story isn’t very long took me 10 hours to beat. I could not get into this game at all I thought everything about it was so bland, basic and dull.4/10 (Mediocre)"
,Recommended,288470,12085265,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Wobbuffet.,"Love it. Brings back the memories of 10 years ago with a fresh look!To all people complaining there was nothing extra added to the game...It'saREMAKE.And there's DLC.yes, you have to pay for it. But Lionhead cleary stated you were paying for a remake of Fable: The Lost Chapters. Which alone is worth the money, because its everything it used to be, but with a new look, controller support and achievements."
,Recommended,288470,12077902,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Hawkeye,"With recent updates it's more playable than ever to those who had a problem with the controls, I haven't experienced any glitches as of yet even made it to the demon and back in under 50 seconds haha."
76561198041499696,Recommended,288470,12079346,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Genray,"Aww chicken chaser look at the chi-Chicken cha-Chicken chaser? do you ch-Look a-Chicken chas-10/10 well it was either that or have the people of Albion call me ArsefaceNo but seriously alot of people are hating this game because of the ""terrible controls"" but it really isnt that bad and if your as big a fan as fable as I am you shouldn't let that stop you from getting this game"
76561197997404115,Recommended,288470,12085606,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Shleeen,"I really enjoy this nostalgia trip, it looks really good for a 360 remake ported to Pc. I´d say dont play this game if you haven´t got a Contoller., if you liked the first fable as I do. then go for it. (steam sales)"
,Recommended,288470,12075614,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,TechSilent,Looks and runs fine on my PC.
76561198043671732,Not Recommended,288470,20545847,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,The Great He Goat,nothing grants me more euphoria than SPreading my cheeks and releasing a hefty load on my laptop
,Recommended,288470,12291522,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Rude Cookie,"My body is made out of sugar, I hope I don't fall into a cup of tea.10/10"
76561198136557979,Recommended,288470,12996738,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Slickknife™  ᵀᴼᴬ,"This is the first time I've whritten a review. I personally bought this game for the Heroic difficulty. I played the original so much that I almost memorized every little detail, prolouge, etc. But then it just became so boring casue you can be pretty much be immortal spamming the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of magic potions with the phy shield up. So I bought this game, put it on the Heroic, and I just couldn't believe that I actually died like 10 times in an hour. If anything that is the best pro of the new HD relase, of course I hadn't played the game since the 360 came out and I was having a hard time with the controls.I also agree with a lot of the negative, it's annoying how they have released the first game like 4 times already. I really wish for fable 2 to be on the pc. I love the first game but I really like the 2nd one too. The third one is a meh and can go die."
76561198061022645,Recommended,288470,12882604,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,OopsFactor,"Mouse cursor implemented to all menusWell, it only took them roughly 3 MONTHS.BEST PATCH EVER"
,Recommended,288470,12385891,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,acdcrockme,The detail was not what i hoped for but still a great remake love everything about it
,Not Recommended,288470,13176135,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,seraderpity,This game is just terrible. I wish there was a way to return this game for a better game... maybe Fable without  the crappy graphics and demening  tittles.
,Recommended,288470,12105739,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,☣ Лордус ☣,"Brilliant game, I don't know why this is getting so many negative reviews.So far in my questing I've been having no problems like freezing, jittering or crashes at all.This give me a great nostalgia trip being one of my very first Xbox games back in 2004 with better graphics and new (but small) features like weapons and armor. I hope there will be more out there and am really hoping for some amazing creations the community will come up with using the modding tool.The modding tool however isn't really working for me, I'm not 100 per cent if it's fully released but says I'm missing the executable when I try to launch it.Again, it's a beautiful, classic game and I hope it will impact the gaming community in the future."
,Not Recommended,288470,23951933,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,✯ Sam ✯,"Worst optimization everFor an old remastered game even on low settings this game runs painfully slow. And its not just me, everyone is having performance and graphics issues. Good thing i got this game on sale. If you want to revisit and play this nostalgic game then just buy Fable: Lost chapters since its more smooth and playable then this abomination."
,Recommended,288470,12111673,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,[SYPH] reduL,Fable was a great game when it came and is a great game now! Works perfect with a controller
,Recommended,288470,12105946,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Fork,Is good
76561197972619463,Recommended,288470,13749745,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Decoy,I PUNCHED A KID IN THE FACE WITHIN THE FIRST 4 MINUTES AND 30 SECONDS!!!!
,Not Recommended,288470,18406760,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,phatpatrickiii,es poop
,Not Recommended,288470,14721199,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Adoknight Official™,"even with the discount this game is an absolute steaming pile of dogshit.1. the original LOOKS BETTER...like seriously? you would think that if I could run that, I could run this fine, which...2. It runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ nuff said3. yay controls! finally, I can sit back and play this without cts...oh wait, 1 and 2 says I cant4. ue3 nuff said I have yet to find a worse engine in the poorly optimized category. cryengine at least has an excuse.if a ""remake"" leaves you pineing for the original, there is something wrong. I dont understand how the ♥♥♥♥ed this up, but it has put them on the blacklist for me, and I love the fable series immensely."
76561198038814068,Recommended,288470,13064403,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,PotatoCoward,"Loved it and still my favorite fable game, only issue i had was the character's facial structure was distasteful."
76561198000203982,Recommended,288470,25529462,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,torllin,Last game I played on my laptop before it super died10/10
,Recommended,288470,12957258,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Jimbo,"„I like it.“ - This was my original review.Now there i saw 4 people disliking this review I want to edit it and explain why I like the game.Fable was my childhood and will be my favourite game forever. This remake of Fable TLC isn't „bad“ or sth like that.It has better graphics and a new gamemode, which makes the game a lot ♥♥♥♥in' harder, so why are there so many bad reviews you might think.Most of the negative reviews are very old and were written because of the negative sites of the game, which not really exist anymore.For example, when the game came out you couldn't use your mouse in the menu - now you can.The bugs that were complained about are fixed and if you look at the reviews for Xbox360 you can clearly see the game is very good and there are also not as much negative reviews as on PC, which probably is, because they never wanted a cursor based interface.The only thing that I can really understand as a reason to not review this game is the price.The game costs 30 bucks and is exactly the same game as the original Fable TLC, but has better graphics and so on.There you know Fable is my favourite game, it's not really weird that I bought this game on the release day including all DLC's.I finished the game twice ( once easy mode, once hardcore mode ) and all I can do now is to highly recommend it to anyone, because it's just as great as the original.// If I made any mistakes in this text, or you don't agree with my review, feel free to dislike or comment .:)"
76561198086983096,Recommended,288470,12119131,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,dragoon.reynolds,I couldnt play it due to the uglyness of the main character face body .....This is like the worst port in history please tell me liongate didnt work on the port.  I think some lazy third party did because the main people behind fable has true skill
,Not Recommended,288470,18457232,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Randy Lahey,Expected more from this game from all of the hype ive heard about fable. Very boring and basic RPG.
,Not Recommended,288470,13868839,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Silentsouls,"Had to restart the game because apparently doing good, means you have to kill the good.Or quests that do not trigger.Or save games that do not contain the last part you did"
76561198046301481,Recommended,288470,16191834,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Maverick1752,I love the nostalgia feel of this game.
,Recommended,288470,13010363,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,DiscoRhylis,yes
76561198062989439,Recommended,288470,12472048,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,...,"i would have to say this was a great game, ive always loved it, and love what they did to the graphics. all the fable games are so amazing! defiently woerth the buy!"
76561198025274429,Not Recommended,288470,13018718,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Delicious Lasagne,"It'll be worth it when it's 50, maybe 66 percent off minimum and some more mods've been released. Other than that...-The graphics update makes the characters look like disproportionate wax dolls-The menus lag just enough to be annoying-The inventory menu, which was perfect in the original, is AWFUL in this one-The level up system's been 'upgraded' to Fable 2's standards (the hell's up with that, Lionhead? Nobody who actually played Fable liked Fable 2's level up system)-The keyboard and mouse controls are almost unusable (do NOT buy this without an Xbox or PS3 controller)-The Xbox controls don't allow for any customisation, only the presets for Fable 1 or Fable 2Honestly, we all knew Peter Molyneux hated his fans, but this takes the cake. Good job Peter, you've done what we all thought was impossible - you've ruined one of our favourite games of all time."
,Recommended,288470,12089744,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Pondo,"(Updating due to fix by player Diggler)Apparently the Bright Will, Dark Will and Assassin outfits cause the game to lag horribly. Something to do with the capes. Ever since wearing different armor the freezing and stuttering have stopped entirely. Also recommending the game instead of not recommending as it's not entirely game breaking.(Updated at escorting trader to orchard farms)It's become almost unplayable at this point. Every other bandit I attack the game freezes and audio loops. Must keep going..This is disappointing. I first read from a friend who gave a bad review saying the cutscenes were buggy. I was hoping this was an isolated issue or an issue with her computer. Sadly, it's not isolated. For the first 10 cutscenes or so it will freeze or stop for no reason what so ever. This isn't an issue with my hardware and I'm not the only person to experience this. Whenever I use the Lightning magic on more than 3 enemies the game will freeze and the sound will loop for a good 10-15 seconds then cut back to normal. I'm doing my best to avoid being a parkinsons Senator Palpatine with stuttering issues.Apart from the terrible performance of the game and the sub-par graphics improvements (lol improvements), the game is fun. I'm enjoying it as I've already paid for it. I'm not about to whine over trivial issues and not enjoy the game I've paid for in advance. Lots of nostalgia! :DThat being said.. I don't recommend this ""hd remaster"". At least not until they fix the cutscenes and horrible performance of the game.P.S. After getting past the guild introduction quests and venturing into the world all by your lonesome, the cutscene stuttering/freezing isn't as bad."
76561198032042816,Recommended,288470,12156594,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Sluethburger,"I love this game. One of my all time favorites. I was so happy to see this come out on steam and now that I have been playing for awhile I can say this is still a great game. The updated graphics are great. The new Hard mode is great. They said the game is open to modders and will be on Steam Workshop soon enough. I can't wait to use mods for the game and have even more fun. If you are a fan of Fable I would definitely recommend buying this. A lot of people have been complaining about Keyboard and mouse controls, but I have been using an Xbox controller so I don't have that problem."
76561198150076511,Recommended,288470,14125463,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Chaos Swiss Roll,This is a good game but it pails in comparison to the second and third ones.  I wouldn't say it worth the 30Euro but if you can get it on a sale then go for it!Controls can be a bit annoying sometimes and the combat is fairly bad.The story is great though.  I enjoyed plaing it but it is only marginal that I chose to give this a reccomendation.  I found verry little replay value in this game and a lot of the side quests were mind numbingly boring with highly over powered enemies.  Whats with the final boss any way!Funny and fun to play despite the negatives.
,Recommended,288470,24521200,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,El Guapo,After skimming through the reviews and playing the game myself the bugs and other stuff people cry about in not even there 99% of the timeThe game is great brings me back to my Xbox days (I have an actual boxed copy of Fable: The Lost Chapters for PC but I first played it on Xbox yeah I am old) but with new and improved HD visuals. The DLC is not needed but it adds to the game.Only problem I have is the modding community is not at all working on mods for this HD remaster of gold
,Recommended,288470,28683808,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CirithGorgor,10/10
76561198033517946,Recommended,288470,12327941,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,stardreamer333,"I am not as tech savay as some of the people who left responses, so if that is what you are looking for in a review then this is not the review for you.  I loved playing the orginal Fable when it was first released, and I enjoyed playing this verison as much as I did the first. I loved that they added new quests. I would havw like to seen more added content, but I am happy with the game I just played."
76561198049744422,Recommended,288470,13073216,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Festus,I did indeed did this for a cheevo
76561198106329705,Recommended,288470,12331980,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,JuggaLord,amazing remake wow great graphics and very well done so happy to see this game again! they need to remake 2 and fix all the mistakes.
,Recommended,288470,13065520,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Tomothy37,A great throwback to an amazing game. Brings back all the old memories and more.
,Recommended,288470,12298158,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Athlon,"A great port of the TLC to PC, doesn't bring anything new but it was fun to replay the game with updated graphics. Definitely worth picking up if it goes on sale."
,Recommended,288470,12313356,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Apresuntado,"One of my childhood games, immersive and impressive at all. Cartoon Graphics and outstanding history!!"
76561198072571653,Recommended,288470,18002330,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,MrDjenty,"Buy it when it is on sale.Good game.Played it before , played it again. ;)"
76561198271892496,Recommended,288470,30317436,Posted: 4 March,all,ToxicChopSuey,its good
,Recommended,288470,12139914,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,WTWR Zydrate,"If you're coming here to get a 'fresh' restart to this fairly old game, you will be disappointed.This is a purely aesthetic remodeling - I find myself excited to see what my favorite characters look like with their remodels. As a result, this is purely a gift to people who enjoyed the first game (Or the franchise, in my case).Just be warned:The movements are still odd. They're identical to before, they just ""look"" better.The controls and leveling system still remain fairly outdated. It's clunky to switch between combat styles, something Fable 2 and 3 remedied later on.This is purely a refurbish. You can make an old chair shiney with some sandpaper and gloss, but it's still just a chair."
76561198042531650,Not Recommended,288470,30695162,Posted: 23 March,all,cantongamer,Doesn't hold up imo. Controls are wonky.
,Recommended,288470,12935447,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,MoistOyster,One of my faveorite games ever growning up. I've been waiting for Fable to come to PC re-made like this. I was not dissapointed. Still love this game and they did a great job.11/10
76561198089368010,Recommended,288470,12673191,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,breddaprophet,remapped the inventory controls to +- and home and end key's i remember the days you didnt need a mouse to play a game.
,Recommended,288470,12765597,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Vish,It was so much fun coming back and playing Fable. It is one of my all time favorite games and it definitely stands the test of time. The updated graphics fit the game perfectly and looks great. If I didn't hear of Fable before I definitely would have sworn this game just came out. Even if you've played and beaten Fable a dozen times (Like I did) I very highly reccommend playing the Anniversary.
76561198066983153,Recommended,288470,12656884,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,twin_beats,"Fable: The Lost Chapters has always been a favourite of mine and has a very special place in my heart. Fable Anniversary is, basically, exactly the same, but with several key differences.Let's start with the obvious: Textures have been massively reworked, giving wonderful eyecandy while preserving a Fable feel. That's the main selling point with Fable Anniversary. It really does look great, although I was a bit iffy about Chicken Chaser's new textures at first, but then I realized that, when he got old, he didn't exactly look old. And that was what I modded out with the original Fable, so that was an issue that I felt had been very well hurdled over (and I'm not the only one who wants their character to appear young for the game).And the not-so-obvious: The developers chose to keep the mouse out of the menu interface. And hey, that's not a bad thing, so long as it's done well. Unfortunately, it's not. With the layout of my computer, it took a fair amount of time to figure out how to properly traverse, and even then I was unable to move left in the prime categories due to the menu deciding I wanted to select instead of move left. Usually, these issues don't annoy me, but when I accidentally make a mistake by moving too quickly in the interface and go one more right than I had intended, so then I have to exit the menu to begin trade all over again, it begins to wear on the patience a little bit. In this case, the original's menu was much better with the layout, and it had the use of a mouse.The characters and environments, however, do look excellent. And while sometimes there can be minor issues in conversations (like mouths moving but no words coming out) and camera focusing for cutscenes, I personally can overlook it because of my love of the original game. I also enjoy hearing the original voices and am glad the developers chose to simply carry them over instead of get new voice actors. Then again, it's hard to replace someone like Maze or Jack of Blades.So, if you've ever played the original, I do suggest this game. The menu can be trying but I find it's worth it. And if you haven't jumped on the Fable bandwagon yet, this is a great game to start, so you can properly appreciate the lore in the sequel. But if you have the original game already and are iffy about purchasing, I'd suggest waiting for a sale. Believe me, you're only missing the pretty colours."
76561198039934233,Recommended,288470,12764451,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Nintai,"A nice remake of the old Fable The Lost Chapters. The new difficulty Heroic Mode makes the game really challenging, so you don't have to worry that its exactly the same as the old Fable. If you are a fan of Fable: Play it!"
,Recommended,288470,12765575,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Darth Zed,"If you enjoyed Fable the Lost Chapters has everything it had with some updated graphics and effects. It's not so much something new as it is just an HD remake but if you enjoyed the game in the past you can get a less outdated looking version.The controls feel a bit wonky at first, the menu take some getting used to, and the graphics may need a tweak or two depending on hardware. In fatcy ou can really feel the console in the game, but the devs really put a lot of attention in the form of almost daily patches to try to improve the PC experience which you really don't see in console ports nowadays.If you're just starting the Fable franchise, I'd say go ahead and get this version if you don't mind some awkward controls. And if you're a long time fan Anniverssary has a new difficulty, Heroic, where you get much mless experience, cash, items, and no ressurection phials so if you loved Fable you can test out those old skills in a much harder enviroment."
76561198036652729,Not Recommended,288470,29065154,Posted: 6 January,all,ryanrognas,"The game crashes and spits out a video memory error. I'm playing on a computer that exceeds the minimum requirements by leaps and bounds, but I can't even access the title screen and the fix requires using command line manipulation. This is utterly inexcusable. I give credit to the dev that worked with the community fo find the fix, but the team as a whole didn't care enough to make the game actually work. Complete waste of money."
76561198136546909,Recommended,288470,16615457,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,PapaKhan,I bought this game...then got my♥♥♥♥♥♥wet! thats how good m8...thats how good
,Recommended,288470,20364692,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,robbo,I don't recommend this game it's really bad.lol jokies
76561198062033152,Recommended,288470,23863647,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ChuKhiMhay,why the game cant be saved ???
,Recommended,288470,16489110,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,AairBear,Brought a woman at the beginning of the game apples to make a pie. I brought her 4 apples and she gave me a blueberry pie. Blueberry Pie/10. Would apples again.
,Recommended,288470,12495170,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,{SSQRL}NecronoMenah,"If you're a fan of the first one, then you need to get this immediately. Even if you're not, you should probably still get this immediately. Well updated visuals, more content, and a VASTLY improved interface really bring this game up to date and make it worth buying again. 10/10. Would sleep with."
,Recommended,288470,12506532,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,FuelWaster,SOOOOOOO GOOOOODDDDDD
76561198157162969,Recommended,288470,12473077,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,molotov2061,"A brilliant game, great and sometimes hillarious story. Gameplay is slightly lacking (just in combat) however i think it is still fun to fight all the enemies and is especially good concidering how old the game is. As my child-hood favourite, the anniversary is a brilliant nostalgia trip. The game looks very good with its new HD textures and smoother animations for talking etc, Its still the original just looks a lot better, but still worth buying in my books. I deffinetley recommend it to people who have played the original but no longer own it and want a nostalgia trip. And i 100% recommend it to people who have never played it."
,Recommended,288470,12483813,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,MastrGuy,"If you've never played the best and first Fable, you really should. Only get this version of the game if you like something pretty to look at, otherwise The Lost Chapters will probably suffice."
,Recommended,288470,12484212,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,East Atlanta Santa,Never played Fable before dont know why its gettingmuch hate once you get into the story its a good game
,Recommended,288470,19184388,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Ramona Andersen,ok to make this game possible is to rebind the block key to something that doesn't slip and also there are a few bugs STILL in the game (like constantly being locked at going right in menus or just faulty movements in general)
76561198204203625,Recommended,288470,32814241,Posted: 26 June,all,♫ ♬ ♪ ♩ ♭ ♪,Get your nostalgia on with this game.
,Not Recommended,288470,33738223,Posted: 23 July,all,I am Bitter,"♥♥♥♥ing awful port. The UI is far worse than the original game and much harder to navigate. The controls are terrible for PC or using a gamepad. Graphics are OK, but sort of don't capture the original aesthetic (maybe that's just me). I couldn't make it too far into this before quitting out of frustration and going back to play the original for PC."
76561198073033773,Recommended,288470,12137070,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,lasricat,"While the controls and menu interface is absolutely horrible, the graphics overhaul along with the numerous clothing/weapons added to the game has significantly renewed this game. However noting what was previously said, either play with a controller, or be a brave, brave, fool, and use mouse and keyboard."
,Recommended,288470,12145194,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,FRRAKSURRED,"Changing my review after updates, more soon."
,Recommended,288470,12193169,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,AWeeLittleFox,"This game remains amazing.The visual update added here is amazing, as well as the DLC.I've yet to try Heroic mode, but I can already feel it making the game more difficult.If you like Fable, buy this.If you think you'll like Fable, buy this.If you like the LOOK of Fable, buy this.If you have $35, buy this."
,Recommended,288470,12135895,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,lxndr.tsh,"I loved this game growing up and have many fond memories. I also bought this game at the pre-order price. I found it worth it. With the time I played this version, I paid ~$2.50/hour and it was great. For those of you who loved the game and wanted a nostalgia moment in a game that actually functions on your newer computer, I recommend it. I played it all the way through the story and was satisfied there. I can go back and do a lot more with the achievements if that was my thing. This game always had a little bit of re-playability after long breaks between, so I'm looking forward to spending my Christmas Eve playing all night again.I read a lot about the horrible port controls. I played through with a mouse/keyboard, and while it did take a lot of getting used to with the menu paging, I was over it shortly. If you have the original TLC PC port, the controls are very close. I'm going to bet they won't create mouse support in the menus, so I recommend getting over that and just enjoy the game. I popped my 360 controller in and enjoyed it that way as well. I'm not a fan of controllers at all, so I just got over the weird UI controls and really enjoyed the game. I played all night long the day it was released, sat on it for a week thinking about it, and I will be happy to recommend it as my first game review.Also, what the hell did they do to Maze?!"
,Recommended,288470,12141177,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Bloodbath,I recommend this game!
76561197983341230,Recommended,288470,12160880,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,repoman715,"A beautiful remake of the classic xbox game Fable.  Many people have complained about various issue with the game, though I have encountered NONE.  The game looked beautiful day 1 with maxed settings and hasn't crashed on me once.  However, for those people who have encountered issues, Lionhead has been extremely diligent about patching this game quickly to resolve as many issues as possible.  Great story and gameplay, would recommend this game to any who have not played the first one, or those who wish to replay it."
76561198038714631,Recommended,288470,12173163,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Wolfe,"Bringing the old classic to the new age of graphics tech, loved it immensely... except for how distracting it was... now I have WAAAY too much studies to catch up on...Awesome game, would recommend to anyone!!"
,Recommended,288470,12163965,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ohheyimluke,Pretty much the best remake of a game I have ever played. The Heroic difficulty actually created a more fun atmosphere with a different element that added a lot ot the game. I enjoyed it thoroughly.
,Recommended,288470,12193985,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,grayfox313,"Amazing game. Just as good as the original, if not better."
,Recommended,288470,12170321,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Mitty03,"A lot of negativity in these reviews so far, but I played the game from start to finish on release day and had absolutely no issues with the game. Definitely an improvement over the lost chapters graphics wise, and the inbuilt controller support was icing on the cake."
,Recommended,288470,12177332,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Crazy Drummer,i cant get the game to even start  never got pass the difficulty screen
,Recommended,288470,12191678,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,zinnia,"It's the same game as Fable TLC, just with a graphic enhancement and a couple of new weapons/ armor placed into the game. The same bugs from the pc version of Fable TLC can be found in this version, but the developers have been active with fixes. So, yes. I can recommend this product but only to fable fans who wish for a ""better"" version of fable TLC. If you are expected something else, then no, I can't recommend it too you"
,Recommended,288470,12136318,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,spatnack,'ello 'ero
,Recommended,288470,12175819,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,AhellHound,"I was very excited when this game was announced, however, I've tried to change settings, and once you're in the 'Advanced Options' menu, there's no way out. The menu says to use the backspace key, but that didn't work. I had to use task manager to quit out of the game. There's been about 3 updates since it's release, as of writing this review, and I think I'll give the game a few more weeks for more bugs to be fixed. Until then, I cannot recommend this game, as it's key mapping is non-existant in some menus.I will rewrite this review once more bugs are fixed."
,Recommended,288470,12164939,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,[DnA] Yamabushi,"I am really enjoying this remake of Fable I am also a player of TLC and yes it was easier to do everything in TLC but the remake is also really well done. Another good thing about this is that people want to play fable for the first time and never knew what it was its a good starting point for new players to see how games were done 10 years aog., From what other players have said it is hard to navigate through the menus. It is as first but if your using a controller it just takes a few seconds to learn how to navigate throught he menu and learn how the new contorller 2/3 settings are mapped out other than that this game is a good remake and brings back quite a bit of memories that I have sepnt in TLC. IF you haven't played Fable and would like too this is a good game to get you started I would recommend this game to players who want to relive the original Fable or to new players that are wanting to see what fable was all about back when it came out."
76561197977117811,Recommended,288470,12174819,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Creeper Magnet,"EDIT: I thought after almost 50 hours I'd add some more detail to my review, for those complaining about keyboard and mouse issues, I can't imagine how this game could be enjoyed without a controller. I do have to say I probably enjoyed it more as I haven't played this Fable before now, only the sequel I can imagine anyone who has played through this a few times like I have now would see improved graphics as not much of a change but you are paying for the rest of thegame too..All I can say is the bad reviews are way too biased.. I don't imagine remastering is some small feat and this has been done rather well with Fable Anniversary. I'm a huge Fable 2 fan, I've wasted many an hour gaining my halo, horns and cool glowing blue lines so I went into this expecting that to have ruined this experience for me, boy was I wrong, for 2004 this game is outstanding, the story is rich and full of twists, the characters have, well, character and the alignement options and side quests allow for hours of extra fun. Yes they are still working out some bugs but what do you expect? Even then you still have no room to complain, it's completely playable. I'd say if you're a fan of the other Fable games and not played this yet then go right ahead, it's worth every penny in my opinion. I know my review is slightly biased but my game experience has been an enjoyable one and I want anyone considering buying this to see what they are missing out on. Your's sincerely, Arseface."
,Recommended,288470,24035547,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Evyalectric,Best.Game.Ever.
,Recommended,288470,17219172,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Poad,"Fable is my favorite game serie of all time! ""Fable Anniversary"" gives something new to the Fable universe but still not. If you haven't played any ""Fable"" before I highly recommend this one, This game is the first in the series , and it provides a whole new way of thinking about the game-industry. From my own opinion ""Fable 2"" is the best game in the serie and in the world. If you like Adventure, Action and RPG then this game IS for you to play! Pick it up now if you don't want to miss an opportunity, a new history, a new life!"
76561198102789947,Not Recommended,288470,34105549,Posted: 8 August,all,Ego,"Welp I got to the bandit camp quest, spared twinblade and then the game's quest line glitched/ didn't progress. Now I have to restart the game."
76561198210823296,Recommended,288470,22294796,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,(asylum) son goku (kakarot),Very fun game
76561198005510116,Recommended,288470,12235032,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Dr. Claw,"I thought it was well done, the no mouse in the menu thing is trivial and not really something that should bother anyone, it takes nothing away from the game in any way."
76561198046900654,Recommended,288470,28567784,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Darkholyvoid,blast from the past
76561198103666302,Recommended,288470,18263276,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Nirn,Amazing. I spent every single hour of my school days playing this game. That's how much addicting it is.
,Not Recommended,288470,24091185,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Literally Everyone,"I can't quite figure out what if the cause is an unstable framerate, a jerky camera or the constant hitching (even in pre-rendered cutscenes, WTF?) but this game is nauseating and has given me a migraine. No amount of settings-tweaking appears to help. On top of this, the spell effects are ugly, the animation is choppy, the character models are completely expressionless when talking and have a habit of staring off into the middle ground when supposedly addressing you, lending them an air of psychopathy. The lip-synching is completely off too. If you'd told me that the developer of this game had never made a game before I'd smile and nod politely."
76561198214604860,Not Recommended,288470,30371894,Posted: 7 March,all,Dudeicle,"I never played Fable back in the day and tried to play Fable 3 when it came out but got a gliched version of the game and could not get out of the city. Anyway I got this on sale and was excited to get into it to see what the hype is about. Currently only about 4-5 hours into the game and I have some things to say. The controls are very bad, the hotkeys for your potions cannot be changed and they are my function keys. Now i have to hold my Fn key and then hit F2 for a health potion while the 1-9 keys are used for stupid emotes.... smh. Just now I was playing and started a quest I was not at all strong enough for, so I thought ""I will leave and do some other quests and then come back when I am stronger"". NOPE I have to reload! For some reason I cant just walk back out the way i came. Then when I tried to reload a previous checkpoint the game crashed.... :(Maybe I just have terrible luck with Fable games, or maybe they just are not what people always made them out to be. Either way I got this on sale(and I still feel robbed) and I will continue trying to get into the game, I will give it at least 10 or 15 hours. But right now I cannot recommend this game."
76561198031805461,Not Recommended,288470,30383764,Posted: 7 March,all,Den,If it weren't for its numerous glitches just like fellow Lionhead Studio Games I would have recommended this game.
76561198084046451,Recommended,288470,12256053,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,EternalHunterFox,Bugs have been fixed. Great as the original with a chalange mode. Love it. Will no-life it all over again.
,Recommended,288470,13164386,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,แฮร่,I think this is very fun game.This is first time that I i played fable series and my first impression is this game is very cool and great story but in game sometime the movement of character is so weird and I think if you want to play this game easier is to play with controller.
,Recommended,288470,15728188,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,PajamaSpacePirate,<3 <3 <3 <3
76561198262627349,Not Recommended,288470,24168403,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Feelstrain12345,"Oh well, I expected more. I tried to enjoy this FUC- I mean game, but it's just so DAMN SLO- I mean uncomfortable. Dont get me worng, the original Fable series was amazing 100000/10. But this ♥♥♥♥ING PIECE OF SH- I mean game doesn't know what a good camera angle is.Do not buy this PIECE OF SHI- I mean game, it's really bad"
,Not Recommended,288470,22388397,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Abradolf Lincler,Lack of control.... no wonder why Lion Head got shut down. long tim fna... but the was as bad as the Dark Soul/ Saints Row 2 import
,Recommended,288470,23894352,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,FISH,Love it!
,Recommended,288470,12175252,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Cryptosporidium-n,For me Fable is 10/10
,Recommended,288470,12947059,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Falsedeath,I'm recommending it on my personal taste. you dont like it. eat me. ok so all in all ive played every fable in existance so i kinda have a small bias towards it. i thought i played well  from the get go. heroic mode is actually pretty awesome cause i thought it was way to easy in the original. i would recommend it full price cause you do have a challenge now and it does look alot prettier. I'm a lil drunk at the moment so ill end up changing some of this to make more since later.
76561198160891506,Recommended,288470,30295495,Posted: 3 March,all,R-T-B twitch.tv/rgrthatboss,"This Game brings back that bubbly feeling, you get when you remember a good♥♥♥♥♥time back in the day. This game left a mark in my life as a child playing it with family and friends.If you have never played it, I feel sorry for you..."
76561198035488066,Recommended,288470,12338892,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Joe Ellis,Is good
76561198229231924,Not Recommended,288470,33683807,Posted: 20 July,all,teufel_barde,"Fable is the classic action rpg by lionhead studios, and can be described as a box of toffee. It takes a while to get through, its enjoyable in the moment, but by the end you feel ill and the experience isn't memorable in any way.The plot is as standard as it gets with fantasy stories. Your home town is burned down by baddies and you spend the rest of your life training to become a powerful warrior to stop the bad guys and help or hurt people. That is literally the entire plot in a sentence, there are no surprises in all honesty, or unique elements outside of the ability to be ""evil"" or ""good"". Even then, the being evil or good options boil down to ""want to be a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥"" or ""want to be the goody two shoes?"". There are some mildly amusing side quests, but almost all of them have been done better in other rpgs.The combat is pretty bog standard as well. You have melee (which is mainly one handed weapons, no shields, duel wielding), long range (bows and crossbows, which handle more or less the exact same), and magic (which has about 20 spells). The melee is simple, mash attack, use a guard break move when the enemy blocks, occasionally block or dodge, repeat. You will win 90% of fights this way without much issue. Range is basically useless unless you are fighting flying enemies, or if you want to pick off one or two enemies from a distance before they swarm you. Magic begins as tiny♥♥♥♥♥magic missiles, but can get really OP if you invest time into it. It never felt challenging, and I routinely did the ""no armour"" boast on quests just to add some level of difficulty. (I'll get to that in a bit.)Outside of combat, you can do gestures, this ranges from farting and burping, to pickpocketing and laughing like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ They all have their uses, but you don't really need to bother with them for the most part unless you are trying to get a wife (which can be almost anyone), or want to make people run away so you can steal from stores. You can have sex if you want, and you can break the game by buying and renting property to generate infinite gold. But ultimately, alot of the things you can do outside of combat feel pointless, they are there, and its nice that you can do these sort of things which means you can be whatever kind of person you want to be. But they feel like pointless fluff.That goes for most of the game actually. Alot of it feels pointless, as if the people writing this just didn't care at all, save for some dialog here and there, the way this game was written feels as bland and generic as it gets. Even the boast system on quests (one of the only actually good systems in the game) feels tacked on. You can take any quest from the guild you want, and boasts on top of that, in order to gain greater renown and more money. But its far easier to just farm the renown from enemies out in the world and get the money from renting out houses.Graphically speaking, it’s an older title, so it gets a pass on looking a bit dated, if anything it has aged well given how cartoonish everything looks. The music however is as forgettable as everything else though, not a single song really sticks out in my mind.Overall, this game was a disappointment. I beat this game on the Xbox a while back, and replayed it here, and I forgot how lacking this title was in, well, anything. I can't recommend it to rpg fans who want choices, because none of their choices really make a difference. I can't recommend it to any action rpg fans either, since there are far better titles like witcher 2 which do everything this game does but far better. It has no deep or thought provoking story to speak of either, so its more of a waste of time than anything. If you are looking for a quick, easy rpg fix without having to worry about micro managing anything, and don't care that the game has little depth, then you might want to pick this up and play it while you wait for another real rpg get your hands on."
76561197971393754,Recommended,288470,12645813,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,k9unit,"Hmmm i bought the lost chapter kinda played it a bit. Now this  shows up and ive been enjoying it again. And like the other 2 games evil within and dead rising 3, ive had no problems no crashes well i think it crashed on the initial time i installed and ran it. But since ran perfect. Game is fun i like roaming around shooting things with my bow/crossbow and using my spell of protection. :D  buy at own risk works for me though and i use a xbox controller."
76561197976319123,Not Recommended,288470,24066666,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Spacemanzero,"I would not recommend this game over Fable: The Lost Chapters, all it is is a graphical upgrade, no new mechanics, no bug fixes, nothing new that makes it worth the extra $24 you would be wasting on this over TLC. While it does look nice at a glance (and admittedly the glamour shots on the store page), in game it doesn't seem very good. While all the models and areas are remade, it all seems the same as TLC, they didn't even to redo the intro cutscenes, so they are very low-res and compressed while the rest of the game is HD. The animations each character does seem to be mapped to what seems like the TLC models and not the new Anniversary models, making the other cutscenes even worse to look at than Sonic Adventure's terrors. Now it might seem I'm making a big deal on graphics and animations, and you may be like ""What about the gameplay? Why are you just comparing to TLC constantly, can't you judge this as its own game?"". Well to answer your questions, the gameplay is exactly the same as TLC, the graphics and animations are the only thing they ""changed"" in this. Now if I were to judge as its own game, I would maybe say it's pretty ok, except for the weird animations and it will definitely not have aged well in a couple years (heck it doesn't even look that good now). But since this is a remake that is THE EXACT SAME GAME as the original game with a graphical upgrade, A comparison is all you can really review it on. And in comparison, TLC is better, though the graphics don't hold up as well to this, they have aged considerable better than this has in only 2 years, gameplay is the same, bugs are the same, story is the same. These were the reasons I found myself asking for a refund after such a sort playtime, I had seen all I needed to see and it wasn't worth it even if it was on sale. Just take your money and get Fable: The Lost Chapters, you'll be much better off."
,Not Recommended,288470,30325442,Posted: 4 March,all,Androido7,The 2d cutscenes are very choppy even though i have a high end pc. Also the mouse sensitivity is extremely high with no way to change it in settings. Finally the menus don't look as nice as the original. If you want to play this game again get the original not this verison.
,Recommended,288470,24028705,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,d1axel,This game is 10/10 lol
,Not Recommended,288470,23899382,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,gl1tch,"At the time I'm writing this, I have already refunded Fable Anniversary. I suspect most people won't be bothered by what I did not like about it, but let me tell you about it anyway. I've played the first Fable back in the day and decided to get some nice hours of nostalgia via Fable Anniversary. Some of the visual shaders create a very washed out look, however, making the game look very bland, way less colorful than the original. Disabling these shaders, however, created an image that was way too vibrant. I couldn't enjoy either look properly, hence the refund."
76561198069959201,Not Recommended,288470,13005421,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Abang Ganteng,"this is a good game, but i dont like the UI and there is no mouse option, that make a huge different, if i can, i want a refund"
,Recommended,288470,12394909,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Churchifer,"This game came out great and looks great, so stop it losers"
,Recommended,288470,12571972,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,punchy93,i remember back when i used to play this when i was younger and back than this used to be my favourite game and now they ive started to play this anniversary edition its bring back all those fun memorys and im really enjoying it
76561197974528689,Recommended,288470,12474620,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,CP stört,Absolutely amazing
,Not Recommended,288470,30687594,Posted: 23 March,all,[L]therael*,Keeps crashing for no reason after the 2nd mission... This used to be my childhood game tho
76561198051088711,Recommended,288470,12133599,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Vladimir Poutine,If you're a big fable 1 fan then you owe it to yourself to purchase this new port! You won't be dissapointed!8.5/10
,Recommended,288470,12835598,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,RedMadnessX,they still need fix the problam about the laging whale your herow walks or at least it is that way on mine but i played the game on the xbox and the xbow 360 so yah i still lick it other than that reasion for this one
,Recommended,288470,12685217,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Zuros,"This game is graphically superiour to Fable TLC. Unfortunately this game has next to no support for mouse/keyboard, so unless you plan on only using a controller, do not buy this game. Fable TLC has great mouse/keyboard support, but for some reason they took all that support away with this game."
,Recommended,288470,12690152,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Jiko,still fun. will always be fun. more games like this plz
76561198192101350,Not Recommended,288470,24084681,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SOLIDAMOUR,"i had play this game before in my cousin compu.. (not anniversary) it's very smooth.. i had a long journey.. when the game is end.. it was 2 years ago... than i had a laptop and looking for games.. i found this.. something nostalgic... but its remaster with more graph.. and my laptop with recommended spec for the GAME STILL LAGGING AS F... fyi, i played this game for 5 hours fighting the ""each-1-second-freeze-screen"" BECAUSE FABLE (NOT ANNIVERSARY) IS EPIC.. NOT THIS SHI**Y GRAPHi know i can't get refund cause the ""5hoursplaying"" BUT AT LEAST YOU SHOULD PUT THE LAST GRAPHIC SO PEOPLE CAN CHOOSE IT..... ...don't buy this game, if you can't calm your self for the laggy"
76561198055850911,Not Recommended,288470,29750913,Posted: 6 February,all,Jordan,"I have no idea why there is still a steam workshop for Fable anniversary. There are like 5 mods and they all replace in game models with either shrek or heavy weapons guy. In some places Fable annicersary is uglier than the original Fable The Lost Chapters, in the players hair, in the players face, in pretty much every character model come to think of it. I would recomment buying Fable: The Lost Chapters instead. This was a bad Anniversary release, which is a shame because the original game was great."
76561197970938027,Not Recommended,288470,33465733,Posted: 11 July,all,Kairos,"i remember getting this game when it originally came out on the xbox and really liking it so when i saw this on offer and updated i couldnt resist, however after playing this and desperately trying to like it for hours on end i can only assume there must of been an unknown gas leak in the house when i was younger to make me think this game was good...This game is awful in just about every way possible, the controls are infuriating the graphics are supposed to be upgraded but i really cant see it, it's hardly got any content to keep you interested and its full of bugs honestly theres so much fail in this game i cant even list it all or this would turn into a novel.....Bottom line unless you just want to collect as many games as possible even if you see fable for £2 thats £1.99 too much.."
76561198015670208,Not Recommended,288470,33443733,Posted: 10 July,all,TheJester0673,"I had an itch to play this game again, summer sale price drop was a bit higher than I had in my mind, but hey, its a remastered version, so why not. 4.5 hrs of gameplay, that posted number by Steam is not relative to my actual game time, no fricking clue as to why. after 4.5 fricking hours I get an exe failed crash. multiple attempts at various fixes. no avail. attempted refend, yeah I know, and failed. uninstalled, add another broken wasted pile of cash to my wall of shame.AVOID."
,Not Recommended,288470,24813757,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Bad Randolph,"This is rediculous... the combat is awful, the camera worse. Sometimes Enemies can be focused on, sometimes not. If you're moving whilst casting a spell your whole movement gets srewed up, making it impossible to dodge enemies or even move slightly past them without getting stuck in the super tight paths.This whole Situation gets only worse by thinking of how restricted one is in the matters of movement itself. ""Oh, wanna dodge an attack splitseconds before it hits, but you're casting a spell? Well f*** you!""Moving through a fight in this game is like trying to fly a solid rock. In matters of controls, this is even worse than playing dark souls with mouse and keyboard.I can live with the crappy graphics, the restricted magic, and even with the bad timing in fights... but to load into a map and watch your character get killed by some freaking bandit because he suddenly just stands there by f***ing chance tops it all, I'm done with this sh*t.For f***s sake, I'm furious.sh*t game."
76561197994237399,Recommended,288470,12102999,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,HYPE! Ironclaw,"Game is just the way i remember and then some.  Obvious Graphical enhancements arnt going to get state of the art,  People thinking it should look like a ''new'' game are delusional.  I know there are some problems some people are having issues so i wouldnt advise getting this if you have a bad PC.  Some of these reviews go on a bit.  How about i just list pros and cons?PROSNostalgiaEnhanced GraphicsNew lootCONSA few lag spikes every now and then (noticed mainly when the guildmaster talks to you via the guild seal)Some textures are a bit scetchyInventory with mouse+keyboard (i honestly can tolerate it,  just gets a little tedious at times)Playing with a controller might be advised too.  :crunchychick: :evilhero: :goodhero: :guildseal:"
76561198037878832,Recommended,288470,12103626,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,thegreatdavid,"Before being disuaded from buying Fable Anniversary by the countless bad reviews, try comapring the time spent by playing by the people who didn't recommend to the people who did.It's important to remember that this is a remake of a console port. That said, if you buy Fable Anniversary without having played the original and you are expecting a AAA RPG adeventure prepare to be disappointed. Very few things are changed from the original game, aside from the visuals, and aside from the addition of extra weapons and armor from the pre-order bonus, there doesn't seem to be much in the way of rebalancing, save for the addition of the ""Heroic"" difficulty. Most people's gripes with the game seem to be from the controls and lack of mouse support in the menus, my recommendation is to have a gamepad. Believe me it will make life a lot easier on you.Storywise, the game is unchanged from TLC, become a Hero, take on quests, discover the secrets to your bloodline and the power that awaits you. Same old, same old.Visually the game does indeed look better than TLC, except for the face gen they used. Half of the NPCs look like their eyes are trying to escape from their head (lots of derp faces to be seen). The game does look more dark and grim than it did before, where it was more cartoony.Your biggest foe in this game isn't going to be the bosses or the small hordes of enemies, instead you will find youself fighting with control over the camera. If I can say anything bad about this game, it is that the camera controls have not aged well AT ALL! The bad camera controls are especially noticable in locked-on combat and questionable angles while you're gambling.Performance wise, the only real issue I have with the game so far is the occasional audio stuttering, my friend didn't seem to have this issue so it might be isolated to my rig, but it's still something that bugs me.Also if you're an achievement ♥♥♥♥♥, 18 hours of play was all I needed to get 100% of the achievements, so there's that too :P."
,Recommended,288470,21697021,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,SCUM NATH,microsoft are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s FACT
,Not Recommended,288470,29730909,Posted: 5 February,all,Akarana,I always loved the original Fable: Lost Chapters - it's one of my favorite games! This remake looks like an atrocity from the first menu onwards though... Pure waste of money and resources... Stick to the original.
76561198124528984,Recommended,288470,12103520,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,KingJim,"The last time i played this was on the origanal xbox and i loved it. i seen a few bad reviews on it and i wasn't sure to buy it or not but im glad i did!! Same game with better graphics, What more could you want? Not only that, my pc is a very low end pc and this game runs fine. I would certanly recommend getting this game if your a fable fan!"
,Recommended,288470,12154593,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Modkin,Brings back memorys of playing Fable when it first came out :-)
,Recommended,288470,12153688,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Zurenarrh36912,rad
76561198025045693,Recommended,288470,12155060,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Pi Pharm,Nice HD remake of the Lost Chapters
76561198104305812,Recommended,288470,12101774,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ilystoyou,very good
,Recommended,288470,12155947,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Supaapple,Great game. Love the open-world and freedom to really do whatever you want.
,Recommended,288470,14253778,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Cliff,"I played through this glitch ridden remake, and guess what. IT WAS FRIKIN WORTH IT. All these wimpy neckbeards complaining about UI problems and whatnot. Suckas, GET A CONTROLLER! Fix'd. Glitches? Notaproblem, as long as it's not Fable III we're all good!"
76561198154539535,Recommended,288470,17557554,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,PrinceZuko1030,Thank you lion head studios for making the fables they have aways been my frovert games growing up and they will aways will be i recommend this game to all my friends and family and other people and also thank you all of you people that work for lion head studio and i rember fighting Jack of Blades at the end and i rember when i was little my sister aways played the very first one you had came out with on xbox one its the best one that i think it is so thank you guys and the people that work for lion head studios.
,Recommended,288470,17973606,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Sinloch,So much fun. One of my favorites.
,Not Recommended,288470,33262545,Posted: 4 July,all,Grant Eggers,It's a shoddy port. The original is much more worthwhile.
76561198105509670,Recommended,288470,20442725,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,toot,"I want to like this game but, the cut scenes suck and I feel that it has no magic too it like some other older games have. Like I can easily go back and play something like I don't know Majoras Mask and It just feels right but, this it just feels like something is missing and I cannot describe what it is. But I got this game for like 5$ or something def worth it even if I dont like it"
,Recommended,288470,23915868,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BaƉ,Now you can chase chikens in full hd with 60 fps.Chiken out of 10.
,Recommended,288470,14380431,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,WildKarrde,"http://youtu.be/GKSqfkpNpLMThis game has been awesome! I got it for $14 with a coupon, and it was worth every penny. No, it's not optimized so well that it feels like a brand new game, but if you were a fan of the original, you should love this! Apparently, there were some game-breaking bugs when the game was first released on PC, but with my main system, I haven't detected any problems. The game looks much better than the original version, and I ran on max settings at a constant 60 FPS. When trying to play on my Surface Pro 2, the FPS did studder a lot, making it an unenjoyable gaming experience, but the SP2 only has integrated graphics. If you have a dedicated gaming PC, you shouldn't have any problems running this game.I just finished my first playthough of the Anniversary edition, and it was thoroughly enjoyable. The only annoying thing was the load screens, but they were quick, and only interrupted gameplay momentarily. I didn't encounter any game-breaking bugs or glitches. The graphics look great, compared to the original game. Compared to modern games... they aren't that great, but they are certainly better than tolerable. The video I posted above was to show how the graphics look.If you're a fan of the original game, this version is a must have! If you're a fan of the series, but never played the original, this is the version you should play it on."
,Recommended,288470,12079413,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Jake iLLz,"Honestly, I have played the CRAP out of TLC. I've played this game for quite a bit of today and have come to the conclusion that most if not all of what these horrible reviews are saying is not the case. I have a mediocre computer, nothing special... this game has not frozen for me once, it has not demonstrated slow load times or high FPS or ANYTHING of the sort. This remake is more than worth it if you're a big fan of the original.To be completely honest the ONE problem I have with it is the clunkiness of your characters head movement. (Which was always clunky to begin with, but now with the updated graphics it just looks ridiculous at times). I quite frankly love the game already and yes, the menu navigation is a bit ridiculous but at the same time THOSE THINGS ARE NOT ""GAME BREAKING"" like others have tried to tell you.All in all it's still a great game and I would highly reccomend it if you want an updated version of the original, oh... and yes... Maze IS white.Pros:-Beautifully updated environment that actually took me breath away when first walking into Albion.-All the core elements have not been altered to the slightest degree. (Disregarding the menu interface)-Great game with hilarious puns and decent action that has the potential to keep a fan of the genre hooked from start to finish.-No frame rate problems as of yet,-Modding support? Yes please.Cons:-Clunky player character head movement.-Menu controls do frankly -SUCK-.-The main character's face is now ugly as all hell.There you have it, no misplaced hate... or misplaced love... just my honest opinion on what I think of this remake. Still a great game and I look forward to finishing it."
76561198153176634,Not Recommended,288470,25387420,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[YGS]Dies On Duty,"Let take a look at what Fable Anniversary did right and what did it do wrong. I will be reveiwing the game in a pro/ con style where i will try to give as much detail as i can with the game.Pro:The game has a really nice atmosphere. When playing i felt as if was playing a game like The Legend of Zelda Orcarina of Time. That really was cool to tap in to that sense of how similar in hero stories both are.If playing on chicken mode, the player can easily take on any challenges without much worry since that mode has many features that are gone on heroic. Such as the ability to get money really easy, revive potions, more hp, and the ability to take more hits.The achievements can be earned in diffferent ways, not all achievements but a good number can be earnd one way or another way depending on what the player chooses. One example was either winning the archery competition or pulling the sword from the stone nets the player the same achievement. This is awsome since it doesnt necessarily limit the player to do any thing specific that they wouldent necessarily do. Some people are either mainly archery or strength builds.Lots of content for both a good playthrough and bad playthrough. Note that there isnt much of a major difference but it does have some minor changes between being good and bad or whatever choices you chose in specific moments. They give dialog difference for the most part but can not really do anything majorily different. For an example i could kill wisper in the collesum or just leave her to live and after that nothing different besides dialog is different.Con:Enemies can easily block attacks and swing really fast. Thats ok if they do that only if i dont get major stun lock.Major stun lock. Like the point above the game has some major stun lock on the player himself far more than the enemies they fight. The collesum is the worst part especially when fighting the 2 trolls or gollems at the same times since if you get hit once better have your fingers crossed that you dont get stun locked to hell. I got stun locked so bad that i went from max hp to near death 2 times with no ability to change the outcome.The game at points does not explain things well. This goes for things like how to upgrade the archery skills and magic skills since the game doesnt tell you that 1 you can upgrade those skills in the same upgrade station and 2 the buttons to press to change the skill sets. I know it is simple but it is worth noting since the rest of the game explains things in good detail as to what this does and how to use it...ectHeroic mode makes getting money hard and causes an entire skill to be useless. I played heroic mode and thought it was ok for a hard mode, especially since it is hard to get money but heres the issue; there is a skill that helps with getting money that even if you upgrade provides no help what so ever. If it does nothing then why not delete the skill for that difficulty, sure it has a stealth ability for that one stealth section but really it doesnt help much at all in that aspect either.This game isnt metal gear solid so why do i need to stealth? I dont mind the option to stealth given if i want to be that player but it is a mechanic used once and done. It isnt even a good mechanic so why is it here? I know Orcarina of Time had stealth mechanics but that works since it wasnt a one and done thing. Also since i am talking about Zelda and stealth it worked in that game because it was for the most part simple and was not a huge deal since one can do it very easy since we can knock out the guards and pass through will ease. It isnt a big deal for this game but it is just an awkard mechanic to have when it is only used just once.The inability to abbandon a side quest. Sometimes when your not carful which side quest you choose you might choose a villain side quest which again doesnt mess with your moral very much at all but can really be annoying if you realize that you are going to kill guards or civilians making an area pretty empty later. This causes you to avoid the area like the plague but the problem is sometimes you need to go to the area to go to another area to do a main quest item. Which means the player will need to kill the guards and civilians to be able to travers in and out of the area without having to load a previous save. If the player could return a quest to the guild to abandon the duty then awsome. I wont have to worry about killing innocent people when i am trying to play a strictly good guy.Players can get villain quests at the guild...a guild full of heros. That is just akward and can cause people to acidently choose the wrong moral quests.Rpg elements mean pretty much nothing. As a maxed out hero i can be easily killable reguardless of how much damage resistance i have or how much strength i have. Some enemies take alot of hits not counting the big enemies but the normal minions. What is the main way to survive is to focus on weapons and armor. Kinda makes the whole idea of leveling up pointless in some way not counting the accuracy, speed, and all the magic skills pretty pointless.Wonky hit detection. Sometimes when you play the game you will take damage even though you dodge the arrow or sword swing. It is akward and can lead to some unfair deaths given the situation.The flopping hero (lol). At times when you take a hit, your character will be locked in place while the enemies move freely. This may be a bug or glitch but it is an annoying issue i ran into many times while playing heroic mode. Since the enemies have free movement they can constantly hit you while you can obviously do nothing. After the game releases your character from being immoblized, he will flop multiple times which looks funny but wastes time and can lead to more damage being taken or being stuck in a stun lock.Some bosses are just broken. Being broken doesnt mean unbeatable but just a real pain to fight because they have the ability to use magic. I dont mind that if it didnt do so much damage and they were always attacking which makes getting a hit in a real chore. The main one i feel is broken is the final boss since he has this magic ability to suck all the hp from the player. I dont know if this is just strictly heroic only moment or not but it is broken since the hp drops very fast and you die. It is unfair in the sense that you can not dodge it and if you dont have any healing items then your dead. The boss isnt too much of a trouble but that one move can make or break ones experience since it doesnt allow equality in other circumstances where people are low or have no health potions. All the other bosses you have a chance except maybe maze since he has the lightning spell that auto locks on which is again broken since you can not dodge unless your behind and object.Archors can pre-aim. So if you turn the corner in a hallway and get hit by an archor immediantly passing the corner. That is unfair since the player has no chance of avoiding it unless they dodge roll pass the corner but still there is a chance they will shoot it after the roll animation which will cause a hit. Not just that but enemies can fire arrows at you without looking at you. It looks funny but again can be really broken since if the player doesnt know that this can happen then they will get hit thinking they can rush the enemies to attack with the sword.Conclusions:Fable is not great of a game. It has really nice set peices but nothing really in terms of entertainment. There are weird bugs and glitches that can lead to some unfair and frustrating deaths depending on the difficulty. There was 2 pretty unfair bosses and other cons i put in the list. I am just too lazy to remention them again. I unfortunantly can not reccommend the game since i didnt really have fun playing the game and had issues with bugs and glitches."
76561198054897650,Not Recommended,288470,33019431,Posted: 29 June,all,Marinus,"Disclaimer: didn't make it past 20 minutes of gameplay, wish I could have, can't comment on the quality of the remaining content.Can't recommend due to basic functionality issues. Camera wobbles on every turning step causing motion sickness. Don't consider myself sensitive to motion sickness either, never had problems in any other game. I was willing to adapt to clumsy UI, awkward graphics and dated storytelling to experience a little bit of Fable, but not being able to move the character more than two steps without feeling nauseous is where I draw the line. A sick, wobbly, sadistic hangover kind of line. Sorry to say I've got to refund this one."
,Not Recommended,288470,24059961,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Zyre,"This is my second time giving this game a chance, and yet again it has severly failed me. The art style is still terrible, which I didn't expect to be fixed but is still worth noting, it says its running at 60 but I swear to god it feels like 20, it's just jagged, jittery, the controls are stiff, it basically takes the problems of the original and just makes them all worse, I don't understand how anyone has given this game a positive review, it baffles me."
,Recommended,288470,12077779,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,knifekłd,"One of my all time favorite games, Very happy to see it back in HD!"
,Recommended,288470,12076515,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,NoizeyBoyMusic,"The original fable with all its glory and more, prepare to kick chickens, get shopkeepers drunk, and enjoy the hell out of this beautiful HD remake."
,Recommended,288470,12076219,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,madclawwookie,"I understand that alot of people don't like the lack of keyboard and mouse support for the game but people like me prefer the controller support as when i first played Fable on the Xbox, not the PC.Besides that there are issues with frame rate and such but those can be overlooked and also could be patched later. But overall I am giving this game an 8 out of 10. Despite the flaws of the port the game still has an a high playability factor, and a great storyline."
,Recommended,288470,12079527,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,KingStoneTootsie,"I don't mind it, it's not worth 40$ but it's not bad. it's just the starting menu that is not keyboard friendly. the ingame menu and the game itself is. and now you can use a controler ill put recommend but im actually saying yes and no to it. with everything, it is 50/50. But honestly with microsoft we had to expect the controler thing but it can't be as bad as Dark Souls for PC, Fable Anniversary is decent due to controller capability but don't let that ruin the game. This game do have dlcs and now for some odd reason, modding"
76561197981753000,Recommended,288470,12084136,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,N1njah,"Game seems fun, except for the huge amount of lag spikes you get in certain areas. Every second the sound and screen freeze for 5-10 seconds which makes the game unplayable.After 1,5 hours the game started to freak out, no fixes are available yet. All other games run fine.A waste of money for now, waiting for a fix."
,Recommended,288470,12076820,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,M00se1310,"I was kind of hyped for this game, And I have some bad stuff.Bad:-Menu controls are just terriblewell... that's basically it, I have not found anything else that REALLY bugs me, everyone is saying it keeps freezing and dropping FPS, have not happend to me at all. It is the same old Fable TLC, just a bit better graphics. The game also have a modding ability right now where you can mod stuff yourself or play a modded version, this makes it playable even more than TLC. To be honest, I'd play this version over the old one.Even though the menu controls are terrible, some mod might fix that, and if it does not, you will get used to it anyways.To the people having FPS problems/Freezes, have you tried updating your drivers? I don't know if that'll help, I would just recommend trying. Anyways.Yes, it is a console port, so was basically Skyrim for the PC too when it came out, even though it had better PC controls, it didn't really make up for it, so people modded it and well, everything is perfect now, I have hopes the same will happen for this.I will put a recommended on this one. I have enjoyed it so far, and I probably will in the future too."
76561198067081765,Not Recommended,288470,26273152,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,GeekGranny,"I could love this game. It's fun, it's amusing, it has all the earmarks of an entertaining experience.It also crashes frequently, characters get glitched in doorways time after time, controls are not nearly as responsive as they should be and when it crashes out, it takes ages to get it sorted out and a whack of messing about in the task manager to shut it down.Lovely gem of a game if you don't mind ripping your hair out in frustration after planning and executing a half hour battle only to see your efforts flushed down the rabbit hole due to a glitch up.Too buggy to be enjoyable.I played for more than three days offline which is why the time does not show up correctly on steam."
76561198131657529,Not Recommended,288470,23769516,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,"Bis, The one without a clue","It does not allow you to hotkey anything.The controls and camera is worse than the orginal game.This version should not exist.Im glad I brought it during the sale and not their full price.Unless you are collecting games, dont buyt it."
,Recommended,288470,12943012,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Mira♡,its a beatiful story... and nice rpg game
,Recommended,288470,16036415,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Billythekid88,Fart.
,Not Recommended,288470,28765305,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Abereau,"All I can say is: REFUND ASAP!!!Pointless garbage. I own TLC, Fable 2 and Fable 3.This one is an insult to the original one and even with a discount it was overpriced. It should have been a patch instead.There is nothing good that is not already in TLC so Don't buy it.Buy Fable: The Lost Chapter instead. Don't worry about the mods, there are 10 or 12 of them, but as useless as this game is. There is a reason why Lionhead studio was shutdown."
,Not Recommended,288470,23040903,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dende the White Mage?,"This game... is amazing. ON CONSOLE ONLY.Yes the pc is more often then not the best for games, but this game is the WORST possible port.Ive only played around 40 minutes of it and all it is is a texture pack over the main game, and that would be FINE if they FIXED THE DAMN BUGS AND MADE THIS GAME WITH MEDIOCRE GRAPHICS AND GAMEPLAY RUN RESONABLY WELL.My pc is... mid range, in short it wont be running witcher 3 on Ultra/Uber, but it can run Witcher 2 on high without ubersampling (Low with ubersampling) and stay at a resonable fps, but Fable Anniversary.. NOPE. not even on the lowest settings can it acheve over 7 fps, and i more than meet the recomended system requrements. I even went as far as overclocking and only obtained 12~ fps.I could forgive that... hmmmm if glitches and crashing where fixed. THE GLITCHES ARE CONSTANT... but sometimes funny so ill let that go. But crashing is unforgiveable, i mean THE INTRO OF TAWLKING TO YOUR DAD PERSON CRASHED SO MANY TIMES THAT THE FIRST 20 MINUTES OF MY SUPPOSID PLAY TIME WAS THAT DAMN CUTSCENE, STARTING QUESTS REQURES ME TO SAVE , TALK TO THE QUEST GIVER, LET THE GAME CRASH, LOAD MY SAVE, AND DO IT ONCE MORE AND HOPE I ACTUALLY GET THE DAMN QUEST. EVEN RIDE TO HELL AND ITS DRYHUMPING GAMEPLAY IS BETTER THAN THIS AT LEAST ITS RELIABLE THAT I GET TO DRYHUMP....IF you run 4 titans in 4 way SLI have fun, if not Get used to crashes and low fps, oh make sure you have a duel cpu mother board, 4GHz ,12 cores, xeon cpu, and use 64 gigs of ECC ram to take advantage of the xeon cpu.But no, if you can get it to run its awesome... AMAZINGLY GOOD for such an old game. But with all my problems with it im afraid i have to say get it on console it will be much more enjoyable there."
76561198086654412,Not Recommended,288470,28994044,Posted: 3 January,all,Hopsizzle,"When you strafe (move left or right), the camera will wobble into place. To a lesser extent this happens as you look around. This makes it pretty nausiating. I've searched for a workaround, but it seems others are having the same problem as I am. I'd be happy to revise my recomendation for this game if someone could tell me how to fix this. Clearly not everyone feels that this is a problem, but to me, the game is unplayable."
,Not Recommended,288470,33430520,Posted: 10 July,all,Ponco,"Camera sensitivity is absolutely garbage. If you consider yourslef an even slightly real PC gamer, AVOID THIS PRODUCT! The only default mouse/camera sensitivty is designed for use with a controller. This game is strictly unplayable! You can edit the settings in a config file on disk but it seems to get overwritten / ignored. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. ♥♥♥♥ ME."
76561198063241906,Recommended,288470,12083031,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Im 12 I do what I want,"Yeah it has a shἱt interface and menu system, yeah some of the character redesigns are terrible, yeah it has underwhelming graphics for a PC game in 2014. But in the end it still plays like the original and that is enough for me to still enjoy it in its full nostalgic glory."
76561198020361336,Recommended,288470,12094649,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,goldenvoidknight,"Overall I would say its a good and fun version of the game. I will not say there are not issues but moving over to a controller helped me with alot of them. Now saying that the menus are still a pain in the butt. It looks good and at least personally my visuals are not blurry as some have stated they can be. Game is just as fun as I remember with updated and very nice looking models, it is what I was expecting and thats all I can ask for. As to the price well considering what it is and that TLC is still available for less than a third the price I would say unless you really like the game and want to play it again in visual upgraded glory right now I could never blame you for waiting for it to be on sale."
,Recommended,288470,12083185,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Jamie,"Despite everyone hating on it, i love it, i play it with a controller on traditional scheme because thats how i first played it on xbox, I do have TLC on pc but the menus and mouse and keyboard didn't suit it for me.The game is fine, because i use a controller with many controller supported games now minus FPS, thats why recommend this."
76561198055209763,Recommended,288470,12081459,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Mac,"So far, after a couple of hours, I am content with my purchase.  Last time I played Fable was on the original XBox.  I am really enjoying this game.  I am enjoying the touch ups, and I look forward to play the Lost Chapers DLC for the first time.  A lot of complaints seems to be the controls.  I bought this looking forward to using a controller.  I believe that the Lost Chapters didn't support controllers.  So yeah, Fable Anniversary works great with a 360 controller.It is the original Fable with the Lost Chapters content, upgraded graphics, and works great with a controller... For those reasons, I recommend the game."
,Recommended,288470,12082091,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,aldeosandrei,I never played Fable so this is objective. I like the vibe of the game. The characters are funny  and witty. Graphics and sound are acceptable for 2014 in a sense that they get the job done. Gameplay is fine minus the controls which are taylored for console. Luckily I have a Logitech gamepad. Story seems well put together altough nothing that interesting. Overall a nice game untill Inquisition comes :). 8.6/10
76561198040818844,Recommended,288470,12085829,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Juicy,the game is bug ridden. After Oakvale i cannot walk for 5 steps without lagg spikes and game crashes. fix please!
76561198033912970,Recommended,288470,12086577,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ackley_will75,"I wish I'd waited. Where to begin? First off, it's not worth the changes they made. Thegraphics for the origina were very good for how old it was. The new one's graphics can be discribed with a sound, meh. The new inventory interface is  terrible. Its not friendly in the least. The main character graphics are terrible also. He looks bug eyed and creepy. Save your money and just purchase the original version, for the price its a better deal."
76561198142291965,Recommended,288470,12599749,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,2Close4Comfort,"Okay, I have about 50 minutes into the game. WHY??? Because I have a sucky AMD A-series processor computer that my mom got me for Christmas. It lags like a piece of cow dung and now it is to the point where it is a lousy 1 FRAME PER SECOND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No, I'm not asking for AMD support. I'm getting a new computer soon. But so far IT WAS a good game while it lasted, so I'll give it a thumbs up."
76561198044698168,Recommended,288470,12609487,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Rodberd,"Fable is a wonderful game.from the beginning of your childhood its your choice of commiting evil deeds or be a nice boy.be good or bad, your choice will be soon or later visible on your hero. will it be a halo for the rightful and good player, or maybe horns and evil red fog for the chaotic evil persons? your choice.Little downside, you should play with a gamepad.its ok with mouse+keyboard but the real beautiy is unleashed if you use a gamepad (like PS3) and combo your fightingskills and/or spells."
76561198066135987,Recommended,288470,19948680,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rikashey,Played the original and liked it so the remaster can't be bad.
,Not Recommended,288470,29392205,Posted: 20 January,all,Maxy,Not as good as Lost Chapters.  New graphics seem off.  I didn't mean to buy this and can't get a refund.
76561198056314106,Recommended,288470,17810185,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Hampusssy {(;)},nostalgic
,Not Recommended,288470,35108153,Posted: 21 September,all,Lenning,"Wouldn't reccomend it over the original, but it depends what you want from a Fable game. Unfortunately the modding community for Lost Chapters is pretty dead, so if you want good graphics, this is the only way to go about it.Click the link below for a full discussion on whether Fable Anniversary was worth it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9k-zMgJ--A"
76561198046407118,Recommended,288470,12075106,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,True Patriot,"Fable 1 has been, and will always be, one of my favorite RPG ever released (along with Kotor and other amazing games) and this game does it justice. It looks great, plays great, and sounds great. It's exactly the game I wanted it to be....ALMOST. The only reason I'm recommending this game is because of how great the storyline and characters are, and how they managed to keep it exactly the same, while improving the graphics. But one major flaw, could've kept me from buying it...THE USER INTERFACE (UI) IS TERRIBLE! You can easily tell this is a game (much like ones we've seen in the past) that had almost no effort put into the PC version. This feels like it was stripped from console, added the ability to use a keyboard and mouse (barely) then released on PC for $35. Only buy this game if you have a controller to play it with, which completely defeats the purpose of buying it on PC. So I recommend this game to die hard fans of Fable (like me) but to NO ONE else until the terrible PC UI is fixed."
,Recommended,288470,12074616,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,WoollySMASH,"I can't figure out why everyone is crying. Game looks fine, plays fine, I've had zero lag, my fps is fine, and the porting over to PC is alright. It is a game that requires a controller, but 99% of ports do in my opinion. The only thing I dislike is the new UI which I find overly cumbersome and annoying - but I'm used to it already. Graphics look better and still maintained their particular design style which is cartoonish to some. Overall I'm pleased with my purchase. It has given me a crisp experience without me having to dust off my old console."
76561197961748521,Recommended,288470,12075131,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Snuggi_,"(REVISION)(9/16/14)The game has been fixed. All of my issues were addressed and rectified. No more game studdering MORE kbm support and haven't had any crashing issues.If you like the fable you will like this game!(release day)I want to start by saying I love this game, I played the original edition through multiple times so naturally I had to buy the anniversary edition. With that being said I am having HUGE issues running this game!My major issue is all the game studdering! I am 10 minutes into the game and this entire while I've been noticing all out lag at ALL different video settings. I know it's not on my side because I have a pretty powerful rig and this game (even with the new texturing) has super low system demands.With that being said I am stoked to finish playing through the game just wanted to give you all a heads up that if  something like game studder is a deal breaker for you that you may want to consider plugging in your old xbox rather than buying this game at the current time (atleast till issues are resolved)"
,Recommended,288470,12077912,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Stray Sheep,"First off, while I am recommending this product, I will definitely say it lacks quite a bit of polish that it desperately needs.While I do miss the more cartoony style of Fable: The Lost Chapters, Fable: Anniversary does well in the way of bringing us the hit-and-miss Fable 2 graphical style.I can't speak for keyboard users, as I use a PS3 controller with ScarletCrush and while the menus have gotten a bit more confusing, controller navigation is a breeze.Really, my only complaint with this game is the fact that it randomly stutters after an hour or so of play. Then it'll clear up for a while after about 15 minutes of choppiness. Then happen again later. I really hope they can and will fix that, as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization is inexcusable in this day and age. Especially for something so recent.In short; Would recommend, but maybe wait a while before buying. And god help you if you're using a keyboard.EDIT #1: After some tweaking of graphics options, I find the stuttering to be much less of a problem. If you want to minimize performance impact, sent Anisotropic Filtering to Medium, and all LOD options to low, then restart your game. I found this to be extremely helpful, and it still looks better and has exceptionally better draw distance than The Lost Chapters."
,Not Recommended,288470,30830820,Posted: 30 March,all,Emmanuel_c,"Performance is dreadfull, another poor optimized port from Xbox 360. Fable 3 runs better on my computer.To enhanced the performance you need to modify the configuration files manualy to disable most of the post-process wich is performance drain, the game is good, but for a remake, a few extra options in the menu would have been welcome, the worst part is that it's actuallty easy to implement.And you can modify key bindings except that is in another menu, that you need to activate."
,Recommended,288470,12079351,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Ryuku,"Getting randomly frozen for a second a lot and game just crahsed, an update needs to come other than that it's exactly like fable but better graphics and it's amazing"
,Recommended,288470,12079159,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Schuhp,"All the people that are loosing there♥♥♥♥♥♥about this, its fine a few things need to be improved here and there but i'm 90% sure if u loved the old one you will like this"
,Not Recommended,288470,33095577,Posted: 1 July,all,driebau,"Really, really bad port to PC. I played this game a ton as a child on a console, and I wanted it to be worthwhere, but there are just too many bugs."
,Not Recommended,288470,33138910,Posted: 2 July,all,jbrowning2017,"Complete letdown of a game for someone who is personally a huge fan of this series. Paid for the game plus all DLC thinking this would be an easy game to run with 4gbs of RAM but experienced two crashes within the first half hour of gameplay. The clunky UI and slow, buggy graphics system didnt help much ethier. I would not recommened this game to anyone I knew and am disappointed that I didnt see better out of a series that in the past has been of much higher quality."
,Not Recommended,288470,19996276,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,i'm_CoG,This remastered need a remastered
,Recommended,288470,12080273,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,ShAd0w13X,"So far i'm really enjoying this remaster of the game. The graghics arn't anything to write home about, but they get the job done."
,Recommended,288470,12082389,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Bijlstra,"I cant even figure out how to swap menus in the inventory tab, Keyboard and mouse settings are horrible. Why is this even released for PC if its not even working properly? Cant change my hotkeys? Mouse is not enabled in the menus abilitys inventory etc. WHY DID I EVEN BUY THIS?!"
,Recommended,288470,12080743,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,pinkbandannaguy,"I think a lot of others had to high of expectations for the games anniversary.  I bought it and the extra DLC and am in love with both of them right now.  Sure it's not skyrim graphics but it's still a good remake on an old game, IMHO it was worth it."
76561198305471600,Not Recommended,288470,23851726,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,xdinshoang,keeps shuting down on me.
,Recommended,288470,16409852,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,JustSmile,my sound for the charicter dialog isnt working or when im roaming around ive cheked the settings and everything i just cant fined whats wrong
,Recommended,288470,14270974,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Brownzy,Best game ever made.
,Not Recommended,288470,30486264,Posted: 13 March,all,big_tony1979,DO NOT WASTE YER MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I baught this game for pc cause I love the series and it was on sale for 75% off at the time.   I should have looked at reviews first cause it will not let play past the father talking to you before it freezes up.    I even removed lots of old programs I was not using on pc to see if helped.  Did not work.
,Recommended,288470,33069109,Posted: 30 June,all,Antonio kontos,computer fable is fun they said ....... they lied
76561198089269298,Not Recommended,288470,19981890,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Clara,"Let's just say this, If you look at the review status of a game and it says ""mixed reviews"" don't buy it. This game is a total waste of time."
76561198071705090,Not Recommended,288470,31446927,Posted: 29 April,all,A Red Panda,"A re-skinning of the Xbox classic which has taken a brilliant game and made it look tragic.Its still the same game, with I think a few added extras but the total immersion break for me is the fact that the character skins just look AWFUL!I would not recommend this. Get Fable: The Lost Chapters instead."
,Recommended,288470,29536699,Posted: 28 January,all,neko('ω^＼)B>TF2/D2/FN,"Very catchy but too short, even completing it all."
76561198018243744,Recommended,288470,12076525,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Weelliem,"Great game, just like it always has been. However there seems to be some issues with the game such as fps drops, sound issues and random freezes these issues can be fixed if you spend your time to find the solution in the fourms. For me after looking it up i was able to fix it and it also seems to be isolated to the introduction village so it isnt that much of a problem.To sum up its a great game worth the money, future patches will make it more optimised and fix the tweeks (the devs have already said some sugestions in the fourms for fixes)  but they can be fixed if you spend some time on it .7.5/10 because of the few problems however 10/10 for the when it's fixed. I'm recommending this because it's a great game and the bugs are annoying but easily fixed and will be patched in future."
76561198044852751,Not Recommended,288470,29955904,Posted: 15 February,all,kid_extreme,"I have never played a Fable game in my life and it is my first time playing it. I think a person who had played the game in their childhood would greatly appreciate the remake, which is not my case.Gameplay wise, the controls are really clunky. I have tried both the keyboard and mouse combo and the Xbox 360 controller. The lock-on system is really frustating as it does not target the foe the camera is facing. When using the Xbox controller, there are too many emotes and spells to cycle through, which may be annoying during combat. I have only played a few hours, so maybe I have not become accustomed to the controls. Nonetheless, as a first time player, it is not enjoyable.Story wise, I cannot tell much about as I have not completed the game. From what I can tell, it is a rather simple story: *Spoilers* you control an orphaned kid throughout his journey to avenge the death of his parents. There are decisions to be made that will affect how people see you, either as a hero or a villain. That's pretty much what I understood from the few hours of gameplay.I can see why people like this game and I would have loved to finish it. But I really hate the controls. This is only my personal experience with the game and I am sure that many people had a much enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,288470,12074819,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,ratytang,"Awesome game works great and I have a Amd 7670m 1gb laptop gpu, so for everyone complaining that it runs poor, upgrade you computers or shut up, and yes its got bad keyboard and mouse controls, but what did you expect?, it was a xbox exclusive game to begin with until everyone had a cry to get it on pc and not to mention people complained with fable tlc that there was NO controller support at all, at least this one has both.either way, if you have a decent pc the game should run fine and it does not freeze like the xobx version, so bad port my♥♥♥♥♥ they made it better!"
,Not Recommended,288470,23768396,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mugdog,"So I bought this game thinking it would look great and would blow me away with its visuals and new player models. Boy was I mistaken! So I booted up the game and I get to see all those old logos which was nice little bit of nostalgia but then the main menu shows up, and it's a book that opens up, everytime you launch the game. So you have to wait just a little but longer to even get into the menus/game. It's just tedious watching this damn book open everytime, just take me to the main menu please!Now the game looks a bit better to be honest. But it lacks the feeling of even being Fable at all. The characters all look weird now and don't have that charm they had from the previous version. All these old animations being used on newer looking models makes everyone just look awkward. But then there's you. You look like a train wreck! Someone ran over the heros face and now he looks like this weird, being of some sort that doesn't even look like he belongs in Fable. I couldn't get past it either. The Hero and The Guild Master just throw me off.Now the menus are just awful to navigate. It used to be you pressed pause and it would take you to a little menu that you could easily navigate through. It was simple and easy to get around in. Maybe a bit clunky but I had no problems with it. These new menus are trying to look all fancy and ""current gen"" but they somehow managed to make it complicated to figure out what's where. I got into my inventory and I was just so confused I couldn't tell what I was doing, and all I wanted was to equip my new weapon. Everything about this remaster of the classic is just too much if you ask me.The combat felt alright. I had no issues and infact felt like they had improved the AI some. Gameplay and all felt the same though and really felt alright. I was able to easily move around and do the side quests without any trouble.Don't take my review the wrong way it might not be all that bad but the visuals drove me away from this remake. Everything abouts new style really threw me off and not because I'm some nostalgia freak, but because it feels extremely unnatural, you can tell the quality in the cutscenes are lacking and the audio quality is a bit off (You can hear it clear as day if you compared the games) I don't recommend this game but instead, recommend you play the older one (Lost Chapters). However each is to their own so if this is the one you prefer then have at it! But I highly recommend you play the original!"
,Recommended,288470,12075734,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,goTriCe,"For all those people that complain about the game, why are you even playing it on a keyboard and mouse? Grab a controller and plug it to your PC. My experience has been great so far, yes there are some FPS drops, but my isn't freezing up or anything. The ony problem I've seen so far in the game is that when preview your suit, it combines other clothes in. For example, if you are missing a chestplate and boots in let's say a leather suit, and you were just previewing your guild suit, the guild shirt and boots will be shown in the preview of the incomplete leather suit."
76561198022820837,Recommended,288470,12075768,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Peaky,"I know this game has alot of bad reviews but to me it's fine. It has added 360 controller support (which makes the much more playable to me over KB/M) The graphics have been improved but the game is unchanged, voice acting and the odd ways characters sometimes move still exist. This is what a re-make should be like right?"
76561198335995214,Not Recommended,288470,28234958,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,youngdale2008,great game. loved the original but this remastered version just keeps crashing every 20 mins
76561198017097631,Recommended,288470,12075891,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Duffman:D,"Great graphics but, maybe u need to be a fable fan to realy enjoy the game."
76561198057258911,Recommended,288470,12077466,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,lukusgraw,This is a beautiful remake of a classic! My only issue is that it lags just a little bit but I'm pretty sure it can be fixed with a simple update! Again worth the price! :)
,Recommended,288470,12077260,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,CrazyRandomzZ,"A**** Game, and a rather good port, best played with a controller.currently doing a youtube lets play on my channel, (same is steam name) so would appricate some support, if your into it :)Now all we need is fable II and fable III ported to PC ;)"
76561198121914897,Recommended,288470,12077903,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Titanus,"This is about as good as it gets as far as re-skins are concerned. Don't expect the stuttering/repeating npc dialog, invisible walls in doorways and assorted other glitches we all remember to be patched though as this is NOT a reboot or overhaul, It is just a re-release with an all new graphics engine and it was never stated to be anything other than that, So the self righteous idiots whining about lion head not re-coding the entire game to fix minor non game breaking bugs just need to grow up and stop their ignorant whining because they never said they were going to in the first place.-This game works perfectly fine on my laptop so it's probably not the GAME that isn't working, I and many other laptop users are experiencing NO problems with this game so it may just be a glitch in the software or maybe even with steam that only affects towers.-What you see is what you get, The original fable digitally remastered with new HD graphics and textures and some new albeit minor in game content, The gameplay mechanics are the same and the controls are for the most part original in setup and the game runs very smoothly. FORTUNATELY Lionhead had the decency to make this game open source so Fable SHOULD recieve the patches that it needs before too long! This game is well worth a purchase if it's on sale."
76561198013257623,Recommended,288470,12075581,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,wyattr.hicks,"Major lag points where audio and game freezes, and stutters for 20 seconds, not playable. Graphics are nice and overall seems very good, quit playing after reaching guild.AMD x3 2.1ghz4GB ddr2Nvidia GT440 OC 1GB Gddr5Please patch for the freezing stuttering moments."
,Recommended,288470,12076398,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,BooCakey,"soo much nostalgia, really great game."
,Recommended,288470,12077385,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,sandroxis,chicken jokes 10/10
76561198040150323,Recommended,288470,16374041,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,J'viens d'chier un esti d'tas,"Woo. Happy birthday,"
,Recommended,288470,23759755,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tomato,2 laggy for me but otherwise good
,Recommended,288470,23673947,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,JookHook,Incredible remake.
76561198171137386,Not Recommended,288470,28924944,Posted: 1 January,all,Texan Sheriff,"Lady grey can't even talk right after I married her. Reason why I bought this game, but oh well I only cried every time, so its cool."
76561198008106104,Not Recommended,288470,28176991,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,cannar.mek,"Graphics are not greatly improved, chopy, lagy and buggy on a system that handles brand new games smoothly on max settings. Not recomended."
,Recommended,288470,30312727,Posted: 4 March,all,Ango,a
76561198290403341,Not Recommended,288470,23497298,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Daphire,"I was very disappointed with this game. It lagged like crazy. It took forever for the mouse to even go across the page. I'm sure it would have been a good game if it didn't have so many glitches. I wish they would fix these problems because I was really looking forward to playing it. Everyone kept leaving reviews about how bad the lag was, but I didn't listen. Sometimes it's a good idea to read the reviews before you purchase a game on steam."
76561198106289222,Recommended,288470,12075211,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,KiVaGaming,"It's laggy on my 1400$ republican of gamers asus?...not even by much, but it's noticable and it's buggin the hell outa me.."
,Recommended,288470,14156760,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lyriok,Happy anniversary babe.
76561198131672271,Recommended,288470,26929449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Koyuki Himekawa,The funniest humorous nostalgic game returns to me in 4K with 120fps!.......^_^
76561198289613333,Not Recommended,288470,21958175,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Behumbl,idk wtf happened but it is absolutely the worst gameplay compared to wow and csgo. theres no way its my comp
76561198048632813,Recommended,288470,30008176,Posted: 18 February,all,Dr Doom,I like it
76561198118729821,Not Recommended,288470,30488201,Posted: 13 March,all,t3thra,"this game has been turned into something terrible, the original game made it easy to understand what the quest was and gave options immediately, if you havent played the original in a long time its become a memory game, if you've never played the game in order to even get through the manditory quests its impossible without google.... waste of money, dont buy find another game"
,Not Recommended,288470,24000054,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TSMAC88,Terrible remaster! Took one of my fav games and did a horible dump in the Unreal engine on top of that its a horible port from the console version. I have a top of the line PC and it dips consistaltly also who uses the Funtion buttons for quick inventory?? I had to remap the entire game only to find out I hated it! glad I didnt spend more then $3 on it!
76561198007535969,Not Recommended,288470,24192012,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,redstorm,This game is complete junk.  do not buy
,Recommended,288470,12074838,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,killbox,This game is now 10 times better since the Freezing bug has been fixed havin loads of fun with it
,Recommended,288470,12074276,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Venom :Ð,Do not believe colon cancer's lies. This game runs pretty well and is pretty heavy on the graphics. Loads of fun.
,Recommended,288470,12074903,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Rucka_Inc.,"It's Fable TLC. What more could you want?I know a lot of people are complaining that it's not running smoothly, but it's running just fine for me. Maybe I was gifted by the Fable gods?UPDATE:A recent update came out for Fable. Supposedly it fixed a vast majority of problems people were complaining about. Pick up this game. Now."
,Recommended,288470,12078587,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,TheMadness,After reading the reviews on here and everyone complaining about performance issues I was worried.  But upon launching the game I found it to run at a constant 60 fps without any problem on max settings.  Not sure what the problem is with other's computers but I am running on a Nvidia GTX 780 ti with no issues .
,Not Recommended,288470,23681152,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Heathensauce,"I bought this for like 15 dollars on sale and I got to say, its worth 15 dollars but NOT worth 35. I beat fable 1 three times, the game itself is definitely worth the buy, but save your money and just get Fable the Lost Chapters. You are paying an extra 25 dollars for graphics that look like a refurbished ps2. THIS DOES NOT LOOK LIKE A PS3/XBOX 360 LEVEL GRAPHIC GAME. The graphics are still terrible, you still see floating feet, weird head bopping, no facial expressions, they put absolutely no effort into refurbishing these graphics.If you want a well made refurbished game, get something like Final Fantasy X/X-2 HD or Final Fantasy 7 HD. This one was done half azzed. (Stupid mature language filter.)Of course, this is Lions Gate we are talking about, their entire series was done half azzed. Even on console. That's why Microsoft expunged them. Don't get me wrong, 10 bucks for Fable the Lost Chapters is worth it and they make a very good story. They just dont bother fixing many of their glitches and tend to half azz it once the story is done.IN A SHORT VERSION: Save your money and only buy this for 15 dollars max. This is not a very well refurbished game, go buy Fable the Lost Chapters instead.PS: Don't let the play time fool you, I've beaten Fable 1, 2, and 3, and the only thing new was the graphics. Which was very sad. You can see several graphical glitches left behind that were common in old games very clearly. (Floating feet, blotchy noises, sunken eyes, etc.) Games like Final Fantasy Series made in HD,  Halo Master Chief Edition, Resident Evil Remakes, and practically every other remastered game fixed most of these graphical glitches, this is the only one i've played that hasn't bothered even trying, and looks like all they did was squench the pixels together. Which you can do yourself with Nvida Control Panel or whatever software thats equiped with your graphics card. Extremely disappointing.How this got so many good reviews, I dont even know. People truly are stupid. They dont realize they can just buy Fable the Lost Chapters and manually refurbish the graphics themselves."
,Recommended,288470,12079487,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,FluroTech,gr8 m8 8/8 no h8
,Recommended,288470,12075372,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Coldice,"Game of my childhood remade in hd quality, what can be better? 10/10"
,Not Recommended,288470,28265612,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Jehovah's Thickness,Better off playing Fable: The Lost Chapters.
,Recommended,288470,12074608,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Burritobanditz,Awesome glad this finally released!
,Recommended,288470,12075027,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,omeiran,I love this games
,Recommended,288470,12074498,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Big Balls Small Willy,Ignore the autists and it's a pretty great game.8/10 in my book.
76561198002118990,Recommended,288470,12074754,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Derrel.G,"Nice HD remake of an old favorite, good excuse to play it again. But the menu sucks, very weird layout and you can't even use the mouse and the key bindings are very awkward. I wanted to use a controller I would have played on the Xbox"
76561198054744467,Not Recommended,288470,23714151,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,wapitihome,I am having idfficulty saving my progress.  The program insists on saving back to the previous checkpoint which means I must play to an unmarked save point or lose progress.
76561198075672482,Not Recommended,288470,23775882,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Spicy Paprika Daddy,"I really wanted to play this game; I was so excited when I started until I tried to use the camera and it was almost gave me motion sickness, something I've never gotten before. I'm not interested in dropping money on a controller so I had to request a refund. Not very happy."
,Recommended,288470,14948178,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Hide on Bush,Nice.....I bought it like a week ago for 30 euros and now i see it go 10....
,Recommended,288470,32731432,Posted: 24 June,all,ElSpartan,"I played the other fable games like fable 2 and fable 3, I have to say this is the worst of them but it is still a great game"
76561198085042889,Recommended,288470,12080541,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,(SC) King Valas,It is no exageration when I say that this is the worst port ever to hit PC. There have been some horrible ports and I've played most of them but this one take the cake for the worst port in the entire history of gaming.  Having said that it is one of the best games ever made. I enjoyed it on the original Xbox and I enjoyed it now on PC. After you get used to the menu interface then it is an amazing game.
76561198086758882,Recommended,288470,12074959,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Zappieroth132,a great game.heroic mode really makes the game better then it was before.there will be modding support which makes the game even greater.graphics are pretty good and i am not dissapointed about them.the downside of the game is that at the moment of writing the menu doesnt have mouse support and a few keybindings are limited(the mouse as example)that doesnt take away the expirience of the game however and it is perfectly playable.DONT TAKE ANYTHING FROM THE TROLLS!
,Recommended,288470,12074500,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,mijames1,If you like the first game you will like this. Menus are simply terrible but the rest is fine. Controls take some getting used to and its probably easier to play with a controller.
,Recommended,288470,12074526,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Spartan H99 Reborn,The only issue at the moment (Launch) is the fact that you cant use your mouse when navigating the menu. Other than that it plays great and looks great. Higher FPS than the 360 version naturally. Even looks better too. Im not having any issues with it running or frame drops or the game not launching or random freezes so i dont know whats going on there. Im sure Lionhead will patch things up later if people are having issues.(EDIT: Also the keyboard controlls are abit arwkard to use at first but you get used to it)
,Recommended,288470,21069922,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Gunnest663,"I dont understand why people give this game bad reviews, Its amazing and has a good story, good controls and its funPlease dont read the negative reviews because they lie"
76561197965938871,Not Recommended,288470,23910686,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mournful_tits,just another game ruined by lack of mouse options.
76561198156967199,Not Recommended,288470,28816986,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Corn csgobounty.com,The game has too many glitches to be playable. I stopped playing when i was fighting someone and he teleported into a house i couldn't get into. The graphics are bad. The animation is bad. It's a fun game if you can get past the game breaking glitches and pretty much everything else
76561198170685529,Not Recommended,288470,27376527,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gasmonk,grafic
76561198169380169,Not Recommended,288470,23899466,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,LaurRsk,"Rlly bugged. Npc bug, buttons pres random ,give money to radomn ppl/ when i try to lvl up the power, he s going to the last  page, and i cant move back ( 1-2-3-4 page, is going to 4, i try to go to 3  and the game going again to 4)"
,Not Recommended,288470,34066538,Posted: 6 August,all,Kirbs,"The original fable was released in 2004, and it was one of my favourite games when I was a kid. I can't tell you how many hours I've put into that game.And after all those years, my disc for The Lost Chapters got too damaged to be used, so I was left without that game. And to be honest, once you get used to the graphics of 2017/2016, it gets very painful to look at the potatofaces the older games have (Oblivion has the same problem, fable is just a mild case)So when Anniversary went on sale, I bought it. 15 euro for the full package (dlc's included)And honestly, it was just the same.Sure, things looked better, and hearing the old voices and music made me feel nostalgic. But at the core, it's still the same game. With the same mechanics and boundries as in 2004. The biggest issue I have here is the area system. The world is cut into smaller areas, which in 2004 was fine and understandable, but nowadays we don't have to do that anymore, and it really takes away from the atmosphere of the game.The gameplay is still the same as well. Probably the most basic you can get, attack, block, magic, or ranged. Again, understandable in 2004, but I hoped more from Anniversary.Let's talk DLC's. because boy, they aren't worth it.All the DLC's consist of is outfits. Which really seems like they wanted to put in the game to obtain for microtransactions, but because of the backlash microtransactions got/still get they released it as a dlc. Honestly, buying these isn't worth it at all. There's about 2 good looking outfits.So, should you get Anniversary?If you really enjoyed fable like I did, then probably yes. But wait for a sale. Not worth it at full price.If you think fable is alright, and are hoping this game will change your mind. Then don't buy it. Because it won't.(all in all you're probably better off buying The lost Chapters, which is also available on steam.)"
76561198052006557,Recommended,288470,12092312,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,G Cazran,Its a good game
,Not Recommended,288470,24052669,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Armond,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE A KEYBOARD AND MOUSE. The controlls are so awful, I wanted to put my fist threw the wall. the story is ""okay"" but the voice acting makes it seem you're going to be an♥♥♥♥♥the whole time so when you do something ""right/good"" you still get talked to as if you did something wrong. the story was not horrable for it's time I think it was good but if you're going to revamp the game....fix it more. Alot of people huff posting ""Just buy a conrtoller"" but that's not why I buy PC games. If you have a controller you might like it (maybe?) but it was just Eh. Not Recommend, i was barely able to get threw the first hour with out having to look up how the controlls work"
76561197983131478,Recommended,288470,26313888,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,loki1944,One of the most fun RPGs made to date. Another masterpiece by Peter Molyneux. It is so unfortunate that we will never see the like again thanks to the toxic millennial brats.
,Recommended,288470,14509049,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,AMOG,waa i h8 it cus dlc or somethigdespite having 30+ hrs on it
76561198001518949,Recommended,288470,12074093,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,nato,"dont try use will on maze during the last test , youll blow your ear drums"
,Recommended,288470,12074124,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Soldier1312,"Good old Fable came back in HD. Everything is great, improvement to original version, but one annoying thing is menu without mouse."
,Recommended,288470,31712910,Posted: 12 May,all,megamandaman,This is a great game. Really.  If you ever wanted to play WoW by yourself than play this. It's like a single-player WoW
,Recommended,288470,12074104,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Skeltal Steve,I beat up a kid in Bowerstone and I didnt get arrested.10/10
76561198073564516,Recommended,288470,12074043,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,BlueMatt,Best!
,Not Recommended,288470,32899653,Posted: 27 June,all,TraumaticJack,"The graphics aren't low quality, however they are bad. It's like a more cartoonish and less enjoyable skyrim. I would refund if I had not played over 2 hours."
,Recommended,288470,12073812,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Poodleinacan,"Yep, it's Fable: The Lost Chapter with updated Xbox 360 graphics.... I wonder if we can still get those super-hidden wood-cutting axes that were hidden in the game' files... (well, at least, I remember that, and I'm remind people of that, and also teaching people of that.)...I tried playing the game from work, with an Xbox One controller., on my work PC... I can hardly run the game without fearing the CPU to melt. Lagging, sound drags... It's ""playable"", but not recommended... So I'll have to play it at home.The resolution options are pretty restricted. You wont get anything under ""1000x[...]"", and even with every settings set at Low the game still looks very pretty....Did anyone noticed that the moment the game became unlocked, on the game page, the Heroes and Vilains Content Pack DLC had a discount set at 100%?... The final price of the DLC was locked at 0.01$."
76561197963553563,Not Recommended,288470,12695621,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Bubble Bobble,"Very bad game, not for adults."
76561198050797527,Not Recommended,288470,23844252,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cheatenabled,I saw that this game was on sale and couldn't pass it up. Loved the original game. Sadly this one is not playable for me. The game launches to a black screen and sits there for a few minutes until it crashes.
,Recommended,288470,12077284,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,SanityGamingUK,"Fantastic mother ♥♥♥♥ing game, :D Ive been waiting years and such for a retexture of the game or so. THIS JUST DOES IT! this game is ♥♥♥♥ing wicked, Fable  the lost chapters for life <3:-) hope fable 2 comes to pc, one day"
,Not Recommended,288470,24224443,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Flakey🎈,"Old is GoldI would not recommend this unoptimised piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥even if it were to be free. Gameplay feels like moon walking, every action is so slow and I really have no patience to open the equipment section everytime to eat certain fattening foods nor the need to hotkey foods.All the game and menu lag cannot beat the nostalgia and pride you get after watching the story unfold and realize how this game has inspired games like Elder Scrolls: Skyrim and Dragon Age: origins in certain aspects. I for one think that DOA had directly stolen the entire opening plot from Fable 1.All in all great storyline, you can relive Fable: Lost Chapters through Youtube other than this bloated Pile of junk."
76561198063038203,Not Recommended,288470,23452284,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,valegame2,"I was really looking forward to Fable anniversary, and intial playing of it was great, I like the idea of following a hero from childhood.  However |  then reached the quest where you have to help a person get to  a farm using ""follow and wait"" comands. No problem have done that  in assasins creed - or so i thought. I amplaying with an xbosx control as a lot of thses games are easier with a controller, not this one.You have to use the dpad to issue the commands, whbich would be ok if there were 3 or 4 - but no most of the expresions you need are on the dpad, ie: you set it up with the ones yopu need, or you try to.  I started getting problems, and thought I wil;l check the manual - absulotely no help. Ok next step google, OMG hundreds of pleqas fro help doing this. Well after struggling  for several days (well it feels like it - in reality 5/6 hours) I have given up - I could have put up witht auto saves but not the ""dpad"" Why do game manufacturers do this, if thet are fgoing to put in a fairly complicated key  EXPLAIN how it works.Once again what could be a great game spoiled by silly controls.  Why dont they learn from one another, after all Assasins credd controls are ok (apart from climbing a wall when run when chasinf a person - I can live with that!I really do not recomend this game ""unless you have the patience of jove"".By the way i don't usually review games, but fable has got right under my collar."
76561198066983830,Not Recommended,288470,14945046,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,unkablue,Did not care for it. Controls are clunky and not at all intuitive. In game movies were overlong and boring. Main charcter stands around with his mouth open.
76561198058839422,Not Recommended,288470,30326534,Posted: 4 March,all,Alucard Hellsing,horrible fps
76561197995932331,Not Recommended,288470,23504192,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,GeekBoy,"how can you just fooled us like idiots,Microsoft?give us a classic game but with a stupid camera problemthe lastest patch is 2014 still not fix itgood job MicrosoftI'll give the original Fable 10/10,but this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥0/10"
76561198035703918,Recommended,288470,14231139,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,BAREBEAR,had a ♥♥♥♥in time
76561198015278617,Not Recommended,288470,28630508,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Devon_62,"Awful camer, Awful visuals. feels like the game was untouched in this ""remaster"". If you could get past that and the laziness of this port the game is good. Still salty about the lack of effort"
,Not Recommended,288470,25477995,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Asperyules,Some game breaking bug destroyed my save file after 10 hours.10/10 would delete it and write a furious negative review again.
,Not Recommended,288470,28941937,Posted: 2 January,all,Phil,If you like to play with deformed human characters this might be the game for you. Terribly ugly!
76561197970465924,Not Recommended,288470,28230577,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Core2029,"Speaking as a childhood fan of Populous, Dungeon Keeper, and Black and White... I just don't understand how Bullfrog/Lionhead decided this was a good idea.  Man I miss those clever game ideas the Brits/French used to pull out of their♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,288470,13151242,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ralen Stargrazer,"Did you love the original Fable? Are you satisfied with a visual and audio upgrade with the improved comat from its successors? This is absolutely the game for you.Where Fable 2 and Fable 3 largely failed is they lost the awe, wonder, and atmosphere that was so vibrant in Fable. Decisions were truly reactive with everybody judging you and your choices truly impacted your image and how you were perceived. Mixed in with an iconic soundtrack, classic British Dark Humor, and plenty of unforgettable moments, this is truly a jewel amongst RPGs.Even if you did not play the original Fable, I strongly urge you to buy Fable Anniversary, especially while it's on sale. It's better than its successors and is an experience everybody should try if they are an RPG fan.I didn't (and still don't) see eye to eye with Peter Molyneux on many things, but this game truly was a masterpiece. Enjoy your journey through Albion. You won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,288470,25727171,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Willie,"super glitchy, not optimized.  Needs a lot of work"
76561198128826705,Not Recommended,288470,23793536,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Emmetthunt74,"Game keeps crashing after 30 minutes of game play.  I have a quad core processor, GeForce 970 withe well over a terabyte of hard drive space. Oh and 16 gigs of R.A.M."
76561198084190752,Not Recommended,288470,23769068,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ffadel999,How do you save game its not working cant save my game always starts from the begining.
76561198043671821,Not Recommended,288470,32723424,Posted: 24 June,all,[Mampf] Bass-T,Fable the lost chapters is one of the best games i ever played.This is basically a HD version so i guess its good too.But sadly i cant play it because it crashes after startup. Noone can fix it and the company doenst offer support anymore
76561198064764334,Not Recommended,288470,14943829,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Star Butterfly,This is the only game i have purchased on steam that i wish i could get a refund for.Holy sh*t it is so bad.
76561198116250023,Not Recommended,288470,32839903,Posted: 26 June,all,ruckus,Stupid game doesn't work
,Recommended,288470,12497010,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Red Steel,"For the most part it's a great game. There are some concerns about binding controls to the keyborad. For example. I could not take off the bandit helm after placing it on me, half the game people thought I was a villian. Some of the controls don't match over greatly with keyborad, leaving you unable to do certain things for the most part. It's a great game. That reminded me why I fell in love with the fable series. Still, you would think after ten years they would have ironed out these bugs to the PC. They have not."
76561198124892716,Recommended,288470,12073657,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Dovahkiinss,"Got married, then killed my wife just to marry another, just to do the same thing over again. Then got a huge bounty on my head and kept killing the gaurds.. 10/10"
76561198021755479,Not Recommended,288470,30332498,Posted: 5 March,all,Shmeegashper,"i found the quests a little shallow and too quick. like i'd prefer if there was depth to these quests instead of just good or bad good or bad. voices were really cringe; atmosphere, what the characters say, none of it felt really believable for me, not enough to keep me interested anyway."
,Not Recommended,288470,19809585,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,wienerdogab,Not as good as Fable II and III.
76561197985584880,Not Recommended,288470,32266705,Posted: 8 June,all,g.pelleon,"Never wrote a review on any of my 151 steam games, but I HAVE to warn others not to waste 32 euros based on completely biased reviews here. Every other review focuses on how Fable is their childhood and its an amazing game. Some think the remaster is good, some think its bad. But I just want to write a review about it being A GAME. A game release for 32 euros.TL:DR: If you are buying this only out of nostalgia, you belong to the only group of people that might enjoy this game. The remaster is still weak though. The Witcher III costs less than this... thing... There is no comparison, seriously. Also any other major RPG now and 10 years back has more value than this. There is very little content and the novelty morality and romance systems are a joke.Positives:Relatively speaking, compared to other RPGs on the market priced similarly - None. There are no actual positives. It has okey stylized graphics and the begining seems to be a start of something great... Its not though.Crushed expectations:SIZE: I thought the game is big, or at least comparable to other RPGs... Its not, even Morrowind has far bigger and FAR more interesting world and that was 12 years before this thing was released and 2 years before the original Fable was released. Every segment is tiny, and separated from others by a loading screen. Whats worse - the whole world is incredibly tiny as well. I thought the map will get bigger over time. NOPE. In first few hours, you have traveled through the whole map. To just walk the distance will take you like 10 minutes, INCLUDING the 20 loading screens. TINY!COMBAT: Attempted action combat, extremely simplistic. The only interesting thing is that there are quite a few spells, but most of them are not worth it. There are very few weapons in the game and they behave samey, only have different speeds and dmg. They also have mostly the same model recolored for different quality.STORY: I have to say, I couldnt force myself to finish the game. But the story didnt keep me interested too much. It might get better towards the end, but I wouldnt hold my breath. The main meat of the game is in the quests, that are... just there. On the map. You pick them, you go there... and then some story happens. The gameplay and story seemed to be completely separated. But the quests have an even bigger flaw:GOOD/EVIL SYSTEM: The game was hyped for the moral decisions you can do. Well, no. Its quests again. You LITERALLY get a pair of quests on the map - One for good points, one for evil points. Example: ""KILL THE FARMERS"" or ""PROTECT THE FARMERS""... Thats it. That is the morality system. The only other BIG INOVATION is that you can wear light colored stuff to be ""more good"" or dark to be ""more evil"". Also eating some stuff will give you good/evil points... like eating Tofu = good. Okey game, go home, you are drunk... Compare this to any serious title with actual moral decisions and you have to conclude this was made for small kids... But its not, sometimes it gets strangely dark, and you can gave PG sex... Which bring me to my next point:ROMANCE: This is the worst letdown for me. When I realized this game is small, has boring combat, uniteresting story and the morality system shouldnt even be called a system, I recalled that there was romance and even SEX in the game... The sad truth is, its even more simplistic than the ""morality system"". All you have to do (and CAN do, unfortunately) to get to the pinacle of romance = mariage, sex - is to get gold to buy steel armor (a few hours) and buy some chocolates and a ring. Than you go to town and spam romance emote on a woman. She likes you after you emote her 5 times in that armor. You then give her the chocolate. She falls in love with you instantly. You give her the ring. BAM you are now married. Now go to your house (yes you can buy propery, it has no function tho, it just EXISTS there) and you emote her some more. BAM sex scene (= 5 times the same voice track. Literally the same OH sound or whatever it was 5 times, like a broken recorder. All while looking at black screen for 30 seconds. Exciting). Thats it. There is NOTHING more to it. If you wanted, you can do all this like 2 hours in the game, just buy more chocolates/flowers, you wont need the steel armor set.I believe there might be a brothel somewhere later in the game,  but that most likely results in the same black screen with maybe some EVIL points added for good measure.OVERALL: The game cant compete with any good or mediocre RPG nowadays and it probably coulnt compete with good RPGs even 10 years ago when the original version was released. The lack of content is stuning. The recolored weapons just reminded me of Vanilla WoW, and even that MMO game used it only for crafted low-lvl gear. The morality and romance systems are a joke and seem almost insulting. Could be interesting for very young audience 10 years ago, but not now. The fact that you can get Witcher III or Skyrim for less... is incredible.Dont buy this as a game, only as a nostalgia token."
76561198053767780,Not Recommended,288470,30704397,Posted: 24 March,all,Anguis Furor,"Unbalanced nonsensical piece of garbage.3 Whole strenght based skill. Strenght (mediocre, pulled down by the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ melee system), Armor (useless), Health(at least worth something).3 Whole dexterity based skill. Guile=Charisma/Stealth (useless), speed (next to useless) accuracy (actually useful)A bunch of magical skills. Timeslow, Multistrike, Heal and Mana is useful. The rest are useless.All of them are from 1-7 except spells, which go from 1-4.There are two melee attacks, a regular, and a charged attack, which can only be executed at certain times. Ranged attacks have to be charged. Some spells like Fireball can be supercharged, which will make them more powerful.Ther are four XP types. General, Melee, Skill, Magic. Each XP can only be spent on its own skills, except General, which can be spent on anything. Melee XP comes from hitting stuff in melee, Skill XP comes from trading and shooting stuff with bows and crossbows, magic XP comes from casting spells (any spell, as long as it hits a valid target. Like Fireball anyone, Healing always gives xp, since you are a valid target). General XP only received on killing the target, or at certain quest reward points. All XP rewards subject to the combat multiplier, except for the quest rewards.Story (so far) bandits ransack your village, killing everyone, except you, your mother and sister. Apparently you are part of some sort of ancient bloodline, who can do stuff because reasons. Then each time you finish the quest, you get a DEUS EX FAKLOGIC level help to continue your epic quest to save your family. Then you get captured, and tortured, and you have to play this part because the developers are sociopaths. I mean ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly attempt to create emotional vestment which they miserably failed just like in the previous ten or so hours. I mean... okay, I give up, there is literally no reason to play through your own torture. This is where I stopped.Overall, mediocre mechanics, FAKLOGIC level story, which actually pulls down this game into the ""don't. just don't. Burn your disc. It's not even worth to be under your beerglass."" category."
76561198014103119,Not Recommended,288470,30308543,Posted: 3 March,all,kennethsw,Could not get sound or music to work  refunded
,Recommended,288470,12073348,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Styke,"HERO, YOUR HEALTH IS LOW."
76561198069891510,Not Recommended,288470,30937848,Posted: 4 April,all,Buzwizer,This game runs horribly so much motion blur and lag on movement that it is unplayable. I love this game and wanted to play it on my pc now and I physically can not. Couldn't find any mods to fix it and there are no settings to help.
76561198116299262,Not Recommended,288470,24031392,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Spizzor,Can only use a xbox controller... Nice rice.
76561198143591454,Not Recommended,288470,23738513,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Gibbon,oh my god i feel so unwell what are these horrific camera controls
76561198087216508,Not Recommended,288470,30026250,Posted: 18 February,all,CFontenelle,"Nostalgico, serve para relembrar os bons tempos nesse game fantástico. Mas acredito que os gráficos e a jogabilidade deixaram bastante a desejar nesta versão. Poderiam ter dado uma boa melhorada, principalmente nas spells, o gráfico do raio mesmo ta escuro, feio...não consegui sentir prazer olhando para o game."
,Recommended,288470,12073398,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,LooseLips,"i deff recommend this game, not even that far in and i can already see the difference."
76561198138986505,Not Recommended,288470,30340360,Posted: 5 March,all,stshawn8,liked the new grafics but thay ruind the game for me my faverit part about the ariganul game was the arena and how you culd play it more then once
,Recommended,288470,12073471,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Biribiri,everyones voice is funny and i've barely played a couple minutes in this game10/10 goty
76561198014174951,Not Recommended,288470,31589771,Posted: 6 May,all,Godshady,♥♥♥♥♥♥and more broken then the lost chapters so go buy that one!
,Recommended,288470,12073373,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Clint Eastwood,Here it is my favourite game finnaly arived. Back in the days i could spent days and days in this game. This will bring a lot of good memories back.
76561198058143618,Not Recommended,288470,28696431,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,youngchild4,Not as good as the oraginal game
,Not Recommended,288470,32326512,Posted: 10 June,all,Squeedle,"I had heard a lot about how interesting this game was mostly because it allows you to choose between good and evil and how this affects game play. I thought it would be a bit more mature for lack of a better word. But the choices are too obvious and the game itself is just too goofy for me. Also, you can't be female and everyone is white. That got old long ago."
76561198269580438,Not Recommended,288470,20129256,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NeonNekoXD,"Is the character only a boy? if so,can i have my money back..."
76561198013724027,Not Recommended,288470,30305478,Posted: 3 March,all,Yeti,"seriously do your research before buying this, it doesnt even start on my pc. if you have a 360 go to gamestop and get it for cheap there instead."
76561198353155008,Not Recommended,288470,31124177,Posted: 13 April,all,Ginger2Rocker,"It is required to have a mouse with middle click or a controller to play this game. I don't have either, so I can't get past the tutorial. It would have been nice to know if I could actually play the game before purchasing it."
,Not Recommended,288470,31937226,Posted: 24 May,all,| PooT | Predalien,HAH NO THANK YOU
,Not Recommended,288470,31168397,Posted: 15 April,all,Mr. Cunt,fable 2 was better
,Not Recommended,288470,28671241,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Miss Nel,"Y'know, spend all that money and time reworking this game to make it look pretty, you really could have added a female player character. I mean really? Come on."
76561198201126374,Recommended,288470,30384862,Posted: 7 March,all,PhonoBlade,"This is a remaster, a GOOD remaster of a game I have seen in a while. It improves on the gameplay mechanics, while still not ruining some of the moments from the original Fable on the original Xbox. Overall, I think it looks great. There are some few creepy faces here and there, but overall it is a very good remastered version of the original game. Every choice matters. Your character undergoes some changes as you progress along the story whether good or bad, depending on what you do in game. Overall, Fable Anniversary is an example of a good remastered game done right in my opinion. And yes, I have played the original Fable on the Xbox. I have also played Fable II and III."
,Recommended,288470,30386172,Posted: 7 March,all,Djackz,Thank you Lionhead studios!
,Recommended,288470,30392196,Posted: 8 March,all,Dysbro,"Nostalgia will hit you hard, real hard..."
,Recommended,288470,30419393,Posted: 9 March,all,Hitzuki Key,"Fable is an old classic RPG game for me. <3I simply love the way the hero gets to make choices between evil and good acts, and the deeper he walks into that path, the more it's shown on himself.You can also go around kicking chickens, or buy all the houses and have villagers reside in them, giving you a little cash over the days.It has a simple Trading system (tho with sorta a bug that allows you to get infinite gold, not sure if it was fixed on this version. I think not).Anyway, this game is a must try.If you love RPG games, just play this, it's one of my favorite games of all time."
76561198182540093,Recommended,288470,30478051,Posted: 12 March,all,Scomik,"So It's hard to rate this game honestly because today's standards for RPGs are so much greater than they were back when fable first came out, but I am going to rate it honestly by today's standards. I have also played the original and is probably one of my more favorite games for the xbox.Story:  5/10While the game is funny with a multitude of different side characters and side quests the game is overall short and does not immerse you well enough in to the world of fable. Since the story is short,  it makes everything seem to fly by, leaving  no real build up of characters and backstories, even though you can hear them briefly at the end of the game. The story does have it's twists, but at least to me, aren't super shocking and mind blowing.Gameplay/Combat: 4/5I do however enjoy the action combat. Nearly full control over what you can do, with no one type of combat (power,skill,will) feeling way overpowered, until maybe the last act of the game. The makers did very well in creating will powers that complement power and skill (personal favorite combo = slow time + multistrike + melee) making you not want to be purely a mage or warrior. This is an old game so sometimes targeting can be sketchy but overall a fun combat system.Replayability/Postgame:  0.5/2When you beat the game, you may have some sidequests leftover, but overall nothing extra once you are done. There is a little pull to create a new character and play the game in order to be the opposite of what you were the first time (good/evil) but its not really worth it.Graphics: 1.5/3This is an HD remake of the original so it the environment and characters do look nicer than it did in the original. However, it is not breaking any records and does not impress me to give it more than an average score.Music  0.5/2 -Not many tracks, Not really any standout tracks. Unique boss music? nope. Pretty much the music is there and the music fits the area you are in.Misc/Unique extras:  1.5/3Customization wise, I like that armor changes your appearance but the overall selection seems kind of small. There is no real benefit to wear cool or funny gear that you get because the armor values are much lower than the warrior plate armor, while at the same time the plate armor does not dull your mage abilities. The game being funny is definitely a bonus. I still like Fable's unique experience system (general/skill/will/power) where basically you get general experience and then bonus experience for whatever fighting style you did that battle. The new ""hard mode"" is another new pull that can get the hardcore gamers a little more challenge.Overall 13/25The problem really is the story has not held up over the years, and this is an rpg meaning the game score should be heavily weighted towards the story and that's what I did.  Gameplay is still solid by today's standards and should not be overlooked.based on the score  this game hardly gets a thumbs up but I' would give it a thumbs up because it is a game worth playing especially for nostalgia purposes. This game also played a big role in RPGs, helping lead the way to more decision based RPG games."
76561198072779480,Recommended,288470,30473602,Posted: 12 March,all,Caesar Salad,"Playing this game brought back so many old memories. After playing the original game for years and years it was nice to see this remastered and experience it in a HD world. The graphics are a change from the original and look nice but all gameplay stays the same which is good, including that pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Knothole Glade bug where one of the traders decides to not exist. It was great to get this and then put my fable TLC knowledge to work and 100% this again worth getting 10/10"
,Recommended,288470,30468478,Posted: 12 March,all,Istaqa1,Better on PC than on XBOX. Certainly one for anyones collection.
76561198297427974,Recommended,288470,30486230,Posted: 13 March,all,jon.estrada33,Absolutely love it!!!
76561198118759444,Recommended,288470,21340382,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mr-Big,love it!! just sucks some bugs are still present within this game -_- like targeting people and it gets stuck in combat stance lol
76561198116566084,Recommended,288470,21395598,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Ban,1 of the best fable games i have played in my life.
76561198299441994,Recommended,288470,29523901,Posted: 27 January,all,Djcawood,"Great game and was great replaying it again, just wish fable 2 and 3 were available"
76561198126528787,Recommended,288470,30536959,Posted: 15 March,all,Bruce Wayne,"EXTREAMLY OVER RATED!But still a good game. Its decent, you start off as a boy watching your childhood burn and transform into adulthood where you can be good or evil. Its got some irritating features like the fact that enemys can block almost all your mele attacks unless you do the stupid florish which i can only get to work half the time. Then theres the fact that the game itself gets very repeditive with its sidequests and if you wana play as an evil character forget it. Every enemy you kill gives you good karma so every town you visit you better make sure you kill at least a dozen people to keep those horns. The story itself is argueably the best in the fable series and the main villian actually looks like a VILLIAN so thats good. Wider variety of spells  and mele weapons is nice but only two types of ranged weapons. All in all its another one of those games that needs a thumb going sideways.P.S. Buy on sale.P.S.S. The DLC is extreamly short."
,Not Recommended,288470,12103154,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,madbaldscotsman,"Spent four hours trying to make this work on my computer, which isn't really that old. Followed all of the instructions (btw ALL other games work). Spent $27 on this game when it came out. Since it doesn't work, asked for a refund. Since I spent four hours trying to make the game work, it went over their two-hour refund policy. ♥♥♥♥ you Steam!"
,Recommended,288470,12077368,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Gbane,"This was a horrible port. I have had mutiple problems with this game when i first preorder it. First of all when i started the game the first thing i noticed was the frame rate dropping dramatically so i tried setting the graphics to low hoping it would improve but it didn't work. Another thing that was annoying was that the game was constantly freezing up every 15-20 seconds it's also worst in combat, sometimes the game will crash randomly for no reason at all, the controls are pretty bad when i used a keyboard and mouse but it works great with a controller, and another thing that happen was when you lock onto an enemy it will somethings lock onto a friendly target instead accidently hitting them.Until Lionhead fixes these problems i would recommend you play the lost chapters instead.Edit1: It looks like they fixed the issues that i've stated in my review so now i would like to change this review and say that i would recommend this to anyone that's a fan of fable or is new to the series."
,Recommended,288470,12076881,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Cadetmaster,"There has only ever been two games in existence that I have stated are ""the best game of all time"" and the original Fable held the title for years. With that being said, quite obviously, seeing the ""HD"" remake finally come to PC deserved more than my attention.I understood that no mere remake would ever come close to the experience I had when playing the original, nor did I expect this anniversary edition to be held to such a high standard. What I did expect however was to go on a glorified nostalgia trip and bellow in the good times of yonder and upon release, I did not think this game could offer that due to the sheer amount of bugs and crashes that occured, jest I forget the bloody awful blur that was everywhere, but a few patches later, it is absolutely worthy of merit. There are however, some gripes which still have not been ""fixed"".A PC game should use a mouse and keyboard apppropriately in whichever way makes it easier for the user. Good PC ports understand this simple concept and use both inputs as intended, however, poor ports which have clearly been rushed out and unpolished do not and often retain keyboard controls where they should not be. Sadly, Fable Anniversary is the latter. No mouse controls in menus whatsoever is frustrating beyond comprehension and should never occur.It still makes me wonder how when the game was originally released, it can pass quality control, not only by Lionheads testers, but by this distrubution service. It should not be legal to advertise and sell a product as a polished fully-working release when this is quite clearly not that. It is truly sadenning to see how poorly Lionhead Studios performs since Molyneux's depart and the fact this thing was released in such a state shows an utter lack of respect for the PC audience as a whole. Of course, as previously mentioned, the majority of gripes have been fixed now, but the release sure was off-putting.Graphically, it does overall look quite pleasing. The environments are relatable to the original and look most grand. The models however, espescially the hero, look laughable and plastic.The ""Heroic Mode"", which was advertised as an extremely hard mode, was really not noticable. Apart from the lack of resserection phails (lives), the game was overall quite forgiving in both combat and items. I never truly felt challenged and I believe I only died once overall, which, considering I'm so bad at games in general, should say it all.I had a lot of fun with the achievements, even if one of them was bugged and I had to do the whole bloody thing all over again (silver keys are so unrad).Overall, it's quite easy no matter which mode you're on, now the bugs have been patched, it's quite a nice nostalgia trip to the original and I would recommend it to not only original Fable fans, but to people who never got around to playing the original and want to give it a shot in HD glory."
,Recommended,288470,12081410,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,8one6,"I love the original Fable. It's one of my favorite RPGs. I love the tone, I enjoy the combat and magic system, I like the art direction and the settings lore. Now that a patch or two has been released this is every bit the nejoyable game I remember, with a fresh HD paint job."
76561197992453705,Not Recommended,288470,15061540,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,--LaKasaflark,"It's a more beautiful, more buggy version of the original game. Some of the quests have been left uncompleted because it's got so many bugs.Buy the original Fable 1."
76561198045387665,Recommended,288470,19404772,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Curly Jefferson,Fable is by far one of the best games ever and this is a wonderful way to relive and replay it with added content and better visuals and sound. Thank you LH studios. Love you.
76561198133975677,Not Recommended,288470,19041451,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,flyleafforever,"It doesn't work when I tried to use it, it crashed alot and didn't really load to begin with. It would let me start a game and would load it, but when I went to play it, it would be a black screen with no sound. The only way to get out of it was for me to press the windows key and manualy shut it down."
,Recommended,288470,19412816,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Blizzard,This game cured me of cancer
,Recommended,288470,30644956,Posted: 20 March,all,Phat Owl,"Great game, 'nuff said. This is a great fantasy RPG, the art style and graphics are good, and the storyline is captivating and compelling. As someone who had never really played fantasy RPGs, i bought this game based on the recommendation of a friend and it was on sale for around £6. This was a great first impression not just for the fantasy RPG genre but also the Fable franchise itself.I do have some issues with the game though; The choices you must make can be difficult at times however, unfortunately they have little impact on the overall story and rather just contribute to your alignment. I also have some issues with the lock on system as it can lock to allies too easily and does not offer a great camera angle in combat. Another issue i have is with some of the voice acting particularly that of Whisper but the majority of the voice acting is great.Some other things i like about the game are; the designs of the weapons and armour, the variety of environments, the enemies and monsters as well as the overall formula of the game. I can't speak for long time fans of the series as to whether this is a wonderful fable experience, but for people looking to get into the series or genre i would diefinitely recommend this game but i dont think it is worth the full selling price so maybe wait for a sale."
,Recommended,288470,19595816,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Darth Revan,BEST. REVAMP. EVER.
76561198066111808,Recommended,288470,19500081,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Brazen Aden,One of the best action Rpgs ever made. Too bad the second and third ruined the series. I wish other games would live up to this game.
,Recommended,288470,19399748,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Hom Tanks,"I remember when this first came out there were Mixed reviews and I was heartbroken to see that Fable Anniversary wasnt  the port everyone wanted it to be. Fast forward one year, I have purchased the game on sale and I can gladly say, the port works amazingly.I will say that by default, the graphics and color palette are bland. I strongly recommend you look up Sweet Fx presets so that you can really feel that Fable 'Fantasy' mood again. Once you have that installed, it felt so compelling to play the game once more. The textures are a nice facelift and it feels even better to play a simple RPG since nowadays in 2015 all the RPG's are insansely huge.If you are a hardcore Fable fan, I would recommend you look into the Sweet FX visual presets and you should feel right at home with this 2005 classic as it plays just as good with some minor annoyances."
76561198112012971,Not Recommended,288470,19398629,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Chronusxx,"I loaded in an the mouse input even in the menu felt laggy. I looked for an option to change it but couldn't find one, loaded into the game thinking it will only be the menu but nope.Don't even bother unless you have a controller to play it with."
76561198115685652,Recommended,288470,30631425,Posted: 20 March,all,MKperson,love this game
,Not Recommended,288470,19429167,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Spongeman,"Not quite what I anticipated.Fable is a wonderful game, and is one of my favorite games as a child. I played through it several times, clocking in many hours of this game. I love this game, I really do.That being said, itbreaks my heartthat Fable Anniversary is a poorly done port of the original. The only real improvement in this game was the visuals. However those visuals weren't as dolled up as I had previously hoped; the only real improvements to Fable Anniversary is that it has a new coat of paint.That is seriously it;a fresh, albeit sloppy, paint job. No new movement animation for cutscenes, fights, gameplay, or anything. While I'm not saying this is a bad thing, I'm really upset how they didn't bother improving anything else; because Fable was kind of ugly. They had so much room for improvements, but they barely did a damn thing.The menus are rediculously hard to maneuver through, and honestly lookworsethan in the original Fable. The new UI is.. okay; nothing really exciting, but everything is where it was before..I love this game, and I will not stop playing it; just because I was dissapointed severly with Fable Anniversary.I would not recommend anyone buy this remake at full price. Ever. I bought it on sale; so I would tell you to do the same.Or you could always buy the original Fable: The Lost Chapter for a third of Anniversary's pricetag. Unless, that is, you care for Achievements and muh Trading Cards."
,Recommended,288470,19737076,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Tylias,"Fable is a game series very close to my heart. Played the original for soooo long. This new anniversary version has revamped graphics, gameplay enhancements, and even some added quest and story bits. The only downfall is there are some minor glitches in this PC version that need fixing. Aside from bugs and glitches... perfect remake of the original Fable I love so much."
76561198070167106,Recommended,288470,19796995,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,anthony.paul.cross,"Great game!Even though it is identical to 2004 game, the updated graphics allowed me to relive great memories."
,Recommended,288470,20283993,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FiXR,this game bring back my good memories in my childhood with better graphic :)
,Recommended,288470,21907193,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ShazamHam,"I enjoy the series.I enjoy the upgraded graphics.I hate keyboard and mouse.I hate the console systems.The game runs perfectly fine for me.If you can not relate to any of this, then just move on."
,Recommended,288470,22115259,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,K'nuckies,"When I bought this game, it was newly released and was loaded with bugs. Now that most bugs have been worked out, it's much more enjoyable. The only thing I notice is that dodge rolls seem a bit slower, like you can't roll back to back fluidly as you could in the older release of fable.The updated graphics are very pretty, a nice facelift for a game that got a bit hard to play through over and over as it aged.  I'd suggest it if you don't already own the original, or if you love the original, but don't want to squint at outdated graphics."
,Recommended,288470,22131555,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Wolfie,"I loved Fable: TLC when it first came out, and haven't stopped loving it since then. To me, this is one of the best games ever made."
,Recommended,288470,21955235,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Sai,"I use to play Fable when I was younger, and when they announced they were remaking it in HD, I just had to have it.This is one of the very few games I've ever preordered in my life.I must say, it is worth it.Fable 1 was, and is, the best Fable game that was made, Fable 2 and 3 were good and okay, but the first one I just think is a lot better than the others.Fable Anniversary is just like the original (Lost Chapters version) except looks a lot nicer, which just makes it better.The gameplay is still wonderful, and it's a game I think everyone should have the chance to play."
76561198061135012,Recommended,288470,21861786,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Rockchase,Love it
76561198135767123,Recommended,288470,21878175,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Kodek,Great game!
76561198110016550,Recommended,288470,30731846,Posted: 25 March,all,~Crooked Cultist~,"Charming gameplay, some mechanics being very annoying, but the story and overall feel in this world can't help but make me feel welcome as a hero, or villan, worth a try."
76561198018078168,Recommended,288470,22154369,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Rangolf,"If you like classic rpg with good and evil paths, multiple play styles, and still plays well on computer you will enjoy this game. The game now has a hard mode for those that want to try a more challenging version than the original and want to see the updated graphics and are afraid it will be to repetitive.Pro:-Great remake with all the classic features-Some bonus content with dlc if you want new weapons and armor that don't break gameCon:-It has all the classic features including some of the original annoying bugs and glitches.-The new dlc doesn't change the game in a major way to make it worth it unless on sale and you still have to buy dlc items in the ingame shop there isn't a way to get them instantly."
,Recommended,288470,22015150,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Libertad66,"HOT, BUTTERY BITTER-SWEET NOSTALGIAWhat can any of us ay about a game that has impacted countless games after it?I doubt very much, but here I shall try....Fable Anniversary takes the iconic classic first entry in the brilliant Fable series and glosses it up in high-res sugary anthrax. What do I mean by that? That the game still does so very much right (great story, decent depth, and a combat system that won't leave you throwing the controller too often), but it falls short when compared to the many titles that have built upon its great foundation.That being said, I higly recommend this game to anyone that hasn't ever played it, and even a good bit of those who did, and loved it, hated it, and couldn't put it down...."
76561198168602170,Recommended,288470,22246037,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,PlsHugMeImScared,"very good game, i have played throught the story 3 times.this game has a great story . pretty fun to play"
,Recommended,288470,22284741,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,terreurhaas,"Fable Anniversary is a game that was marketed to be the best thing since Fable: The Lost Chapters. The game itsself is indeed a remake of the original but it seems as though they focused more on making it look up to date instead of fixing the painful small bugs that existed in the original and TLC.I bought this game instead of the original because this one has controller support - and as someone who played the original on the Xbox, this is a must.Pros:Controller supportHigher resolution textures than originalNostalgiaCons:They really butchered the menuSome bugs are still present from the originalThe main menu takes ages to open the damn book (really, why!?)The cutscenes still look like 1980All in all, I would not recomend this game to people who liked the original Fable and intend to buy this for nostalgia (unless the nostalgia is strong enough to weigh two points against the cons list). New players to Fable should get this one though. It has better quality textures and the story is exactly the same.6/10 would probably recommend depending on nostalgia levels."
,Recommended,288470,30770301,Posted: 27 March,all,YörükBey,"Shame there isn't a neutral optionPros:Good storylineFull of contentGood combat mechanicsIt's Fable for ♥♥♥♥'s sakeOnly problem;Huge stability issues, combine it with more than 20 hours of gameplay and all the fun is gone. Seriously just typeFable Anniversary stability issues to google and you can have an idea."
76561198068735242,Recommended,288470,22715093,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,bulkchart32,"works and looks WAAAAYYYYYY better then the xbox360 version. i recomend this game. but try to catch it on sale. sidenote, i wish it was remaster using dx11 instead of dx9."
76561198038079262,Recommended,288470,22706842,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,TehWaffleTime™,Brings back memories and gave me a part of the game I never been before
76561198081395965,Recommended,288470,20887136,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hillary Clinton,Favorite Game simce it came out on the original xbox
,Recommended,288470,20871018,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,lylandra_,A classic! The Steam achievements could be better though...
,Recommended,288470,20888890,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,GreenSkull,"FABLE just by itself is a fun game to play, but the lost chapters made it batter adding on to the story BUT!, the fable anniversary gives you the best of both worlds, you get a high quality remake with better graphics, the lost chapters are included, more weapons n costumes in  the anniversary, and acheivements, i mean they arent that important but in my opinion the achievments add to the gameplay, this version is just an upgraded version of fabel the lost chapters, really dam fun."
,Recommended,288470,21151961,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Mr.Johno,"I still had a lot of fun with this, although it is showing its age a bit.Controls are pretty good if you use a xbox controller"
76561198046841596,Recommended,288470,21191278,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Atilla The Fun,"I loved Fable when it originally released, so was pretty excited to pick it up in a sale for around £6.Whilst the game is pretty much the same as i know and love, the game is NOT made for mouse and keyboard.It may be ok with a controller (i dont use one) but the keyboard can be woeful, auto scrolling, poor responsiveness, just general problems.It's still worth picking up, but be careful with the controls!"
76561198160299574,Recommended,288470,21033977,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,CaptainCasual,"awesome game with nice HD grafics compared to the original and also good faithful recreation of fable TLC, the dlcs are ok but they are not mandatory, also, f**k the controls with the keyboard and mouse, why can<t you customise them like the original, if you want to play the game, use a controler7/10(sorry for bad grammar)"
,Not Recommended,288470,21425178,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Hanzo #ᴼᴿᴰʟᴏʜ,A poor excuse of a port after a game dev lost his marbles
76561198028854017,Not Recommended,288470,21642326,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,LightningFalcon,"If you already own Fable: The Lost Chapters, I suggest you do not buy this game, because it is THE EXACT SAME game, only with slightly better graphics. The bugs, the gliches, the issues, everything form the first game is in this one. This is a blatant money grab with a really hefty price tag. But hey, if you never played this game before, go for it, it's still a good game, but if you want it cheaper go for The Lost Chapters instead of this."
76561198130397970,Not Recommended,288470,21651846,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Words,"Ive tried loading this game so many times, re-downloading it and my game still crashes on the first loading screen. I am yet to play the game because of this. If it is something im doing wrong someone please tell me because i want to at least try the game. atm its just money well spent -_-"
76561197962397576,Recommended,288470,20232039,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tony Yorkshire,"You can ""Kick Chickens and break wind"" they are the only reasons!!"
76561198193836998,Recommended,288470,20239879,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SolidChristophe,"A childhood classic. I've always said the first Fable was one of the greater games ever made. I still stand by this statement in 2016. Amazing game. Remake is the same as the old classic you knew, but looks prettier. Well worth the buy.+++"
76561198065737696,Recommended,288470,20239076,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jahaga,"The graphical update looks really good. The game feels and plays the same as the original, but looks better doing so.There's a few minor things I wish they changed, such as betting and donating gold. It's still ""hold the up arrow as it very slowly increases at first, then becomes way too fast to keep track."" It'd be much faster to type in the amount. Also, the UI was way overdone and feels clunky. You would think they learned something from the completely awful menu in Fable 3. I shouldn't have to go through all these sub menus just to add one thing to the hot bar and do it all again for each thing. A simple click and drag would have been nice, just like the original game.Other than that, fun game."
,Not Recommended,288470,20202818,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Crazy Marc,"Oh god why does the menu lag? As soon as I started the game the whole world around me was stuttering, good christ my eyes. Buy the original."
,Recommended,288470,20244265,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Purefilth,Nice to go back and play through after all this time.
76561198272079874,Recommended,288470,20245750,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Deus Vultica,the best of fable. 117/10
76561198077858464,Recommended,288470,20304996,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Rwright248,as of now i am like this fable game a lot as this was what got me into the fable franchise and aas a bonus i never completed it so this makes my experience a lot more enjoyable but theres one problem im having with the game and it is the use or in this cant the ablility to not be able to use the spell multistrike as it crashes my game. The spell sounds like it would be really handy but since i am unable to use it it makes the game a little less enjoyable to me if tehre is a way to fix this then by all means may someone tell me but for the mean time ill have to do the game without the aid of such a useful spell.Overall i give this game so far a 5/7
76561197994325522,Not Recommended,288470,20378940,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,neo_nille,"The camera is really weird, It lags and ""jumps""  Unplayable..."
76561198122127353,Recommended,288470,20425128,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,undeaddread944,"Astonishing, but theres minor lag between few segments of the game!"
,Recommended,288470,20428059,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,phllame,"Whether a favorite from years ago or your first time playing, the game is sweet."
,Recommended,288470,20444029,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,DȄZMǾŊD,"I purchased this game back during its original release, I sunk many hours into it back then. And now I can see myself spending many more in this charming little world. The visuals have been updated and run very well on even the most modest of machines, I love the entire Fable series, and trust me: ITS WORTH THE PRICE. The game is very unique and has a style of its very own. The voice acting is cringe worthy, yet humorous. I HIGHLY recomend this game if you would like to play something unique and original!!!"
,Recommended,288470,26904840,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ares,The best chicken kicking simulation there is.
,Recommended,288470,26919376,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PhilDeezNutz,For any of those wondering. This game will bring back all the nostalgia feels of fable: the lost chapters. I myself played the hell out of the first one and thought it was the best one by far as compared to the others. This games storyline is so basis to set you up and not drag you in so hard where you feel this sense of constant repetitivness. The games story really drags you in a very appropriate manor being that there is alot of humor and things you can relate to in the game. Not a free world RPG but it doesn't need to be because it's fable. Seriously this games awesome and the remake makes is 10x better. Nothing new except some new spells and graphic visuals and funny looking people. 15/10 any given day.
,Recommended,288470,27004082,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SarcasticDevil,"I love Fable. I remember playing it way back when and ending up as a grumpy old man kicking chickens on a beach to rob the owner of all his money... flashing a bunch of school children to their applause  while holding up a bloody severed werewolf (balverine) head...Good times.PS please bring Fable 2 to PC (ignore Fable 3 though, that's fine)"
,Recommended,288470,26804818,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ConkerMortis,For Fable vets its a must to re-live this lovly game again on the new PCFor new commers welcome to a lovely story and great atmosphere with only a slight hint of britsh humor
76561198014939117,Recommended,288470,26777108,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Travis3406,One of the most pleasant games I have played in a long time. The universe is rich and exciting with characters that are humorous and memorable. This game should be played with a controller as I feel that it does not make the most of the PC controls.
,Recommended,288470,27019653,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shotdown,"Like a bunch of other people reviewing this, I loved it when I was a kid. Despite my love I had not played it since though, and in this day of better looking, controlling, and more fleshed out games, i went back and put 30 hours in. Something about Fable draws me into the world of Albion and I get swept away. While I have countless other games I have paid for and never played, I don't regret spending time on this classic again."
76561198027045305,Recommended,288470,27699203,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yin,I played fable when I was young. It's one of my favourite games. 10/10
,Recommended,288470,27686010,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LiLKoT,"Nice game, recommended"
76561197989123636,Recommended,288470,27686017,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,theothertwinn,HOLY SMOKES! this is great.
76561198002588282,Recommended,288470,28003292,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Agoraphobic,Game is the best of all the Fable series and is worth replaying.
76561198104241665,Recommended,288470,28009099,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Frostt-M3,Perfection perfected. Need I say more?
76561198067608490,Recommended,288470,28115853,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MrMilkman254,really fun game
76561198036222150,Recommended,288470,24434464,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Green Spleen Submarine,"The game is pretty dated, but the upgraded lighting and slight texture upgrade is a really nice treat for anyone who was a fan of the orginal game like I was. Its better to get this game on sale, but it is still worth it at its full price. 9/10"
76561198290252224,Recommended,288470,24919282,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,jaimerom,CAN YOU GUYS FIX THIS IT KEEPS CRASHING ON ME ON LOADING SCREEN!!!!!!
,Recommended,288470,25056812,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,70's TV Floating in The Water,who doesnt love fable 1?
,Recommended,288470,25116649,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ULINA,"My first fableInteresting us rpg,  a simple rpg with a good story.I recommend it"
,Recommended,288470,24897424,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ghoulishfish,"One of the very first games I played, many years ago. Was very happy to see it on Steam and to be able to start playing again.Does not disappoint, brings back some great memories!"
76561198067864500,Recommended,288470,24817325,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,۩ηασкι۞ƒℓαιя۩,"I can't tell you how this game was when it was first made due to the fact I only bought the game yesterday from the time I posted this review. I played about 13hrs had a total blast, and wish they added 2 and 3, but what I have seen is that 2 was made only for Xbox and I can't stand Xbox, and 3 is no where to be found due to it's ""bad ratings"". Howerver if I was to find these two games for PC that would be great. Lionhead possibly have concerns about lossing money for I dont not know what the fees are to establish a game on steam if there is one, but I do know if they do put it on the PC I will definetly like to continue the story without being forced to buy an Xbox of any sorts."
76561198122314704,Recommended,288470,24936918,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Toremate,I loved it when it came out and i love it now!
,Recommended,288470,24964174,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,✠ Desperandum ✠,"Great game returns in a new guise, but with the old content.You will find yourself in a Kingdom called Albion and will go from a young boy with a heart full of revenge to the great Hero (with a capital letter). On your way to face many dangers, for which you were trained from an early age. I think many people played the original Fable and know what it's about.This HD re-release also includes the addition of ""Lost Chapter"". In the game interface and graphics are much improved. Clumsy release control with the X-box can still be felt, but fortunately, everything can be customized to your choice. Colour is good. however, the only thing that gets in the way is a huge number of downloads of locations with extremely small area. The linearity of these locations is attached. And so, it's the same good old Fable.The game can be purchased for the sake of the ability to kick chickens =)In General, the game is wonderful. There's a storyline with twists and additional tasks with complications. And humor is present.10 peasants frightened by the beard of the player from 10."
,Recommended,288470,30702875,Posted: 24 March,all,d34thbringerl,EPIC
,Recommended,288470,21305725,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ThatGuyCalledNathan,"People are saying it's pratically the original just with updated Character Models, I don't care! I love it as much as the original and the help of DLC and Achievements, It's as enjoyable! I LOVE this game! :D"
,Recommended,288470,21311144,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,seahorses,"Who doesn't love Fable? It's funny. The gameplay is fun, characters are wacky, there are silly quests but also an interesting story."
76561198285164793,Not Recommended,288470,21373266,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,jrnixon83,I can't even get past the loading page. It plays the the opening video where I am told to earn money for a gift and then it just freezes and wont proceed any further. During the main menu the graffics are all jumpy too.
,Recommended,288470,21541475,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Danakin,"Beautiful game. I did experience some minor bugs and glitches, but nothing major. They were worst in Bowerstone South. Overall, I'm having a blast and totally recommend it to everyone and escpecially if you've played other games in the series."
,Not Recommended,288470,21488986,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Damuel,Get the original.This one looks worse with character models and ruins a lot of the appearances of NPCs like Maze and even the hero at times. Animations were not updated so game looks clunky as ♥♥♥♥. It is at the very least just as buggy as the original if not more so. And honestly with the mixed in graphical upgrades the fidelity is all over the place. So I'd say at times this looks WORSE than the original game while also running far worse with all the bugs.
76561197982263639,Recommended,288470,20412140,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Descent,"This game is one of my all time favorite games and probably my favorite RPG game.Fable is so immersive and sucks you in with its charm and vast dialogue, personally I think this is the pinnacle of a solo RPG game and the best of the Fable franchise.I could write alot about this game but to try keep it short; if you enjoy fantasy games and want a indulgent campaign to play through it is a must buy, it is one of few games that I have genuinly been dissapointed to have finished everything on and have no more reason to play.I would suggest playing it through on the harder difficulty (introduced by the Anniversary edition) and also take your time with the story and complete all the side quests along the way to make sure you get your times worth as there is unfortunatley little end game content.But overall this game for me is pure enjoyment although that may be partly to blame on the nostalgia from my first play through on Xbox Classic."
76561198082427208,Recommended,288470,20458995,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Sakaiden,"If only there was a more middle of the road button. D:Anyway, I'll say this much-- I haven't run into all the same glitches everyone else has reported yet, and some of them are quite the same as what Fable had prior to remodeling. It's an overrated version of the original, which is why I only bought it when on sale. I give credit where credit is due; it does look somewhat nicer than it was (Read: They cut corners), but I guess I'm a bit harsh when it comes to game aesthetics.Also let's be realistic here; the game itself is still good content-wise. If the glitches happen to hinder your ability to play it, then go back to the original copy if you've got one floating around. The only bad bug I encountered so far is that the voices tend to cut out randomly. With subtitles, I can live with that.Bottom line is, its still Fable. Its still buggy-yet-easy as ever, it's still basically the game so many know and love. Could it have been redone better? Absolutely. But evidently, this is what we're getting. Here's to hoping they decide to clean it up a bit more.Meanwhile, I'll continue playing it on and off until more glitches annoy the living hell out of me. :3"
,Recommended,288470,20455088,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Kizzy,Why would they change it from having all your spells on the scroll thing to a max of 8 it makes no sense
76561198117042418,Recommended,288470,20456958,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,vior wolfkin,"if you ever played the original , this will be disapointing . slightly better graphics <only slightly> is the only difference noticeable after first 1hr however menus and maps are not as good as the original . menus were intuitive and clear . now they are unclear , maps are unlabeled . a good game but  the anniversaru edition is a cheap money grabbing copy of a great game. only an hour in so lets hope it gets better"
76561198271690779,Not Recommended,288470,20555847,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,grandpa7045,plays with a jerky motion-cant play enough to know if its good
76561198054435409,Recommended,288470,20499393,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,kz4peanuts,NOSTALGIA MAKES ME FAP M8
,Not Recommended,288470,20714151,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Vida Artificial,"The game crashes. Look for ""fable anniversary has stopped working"" on google."
76561198156980868,Recommended,288470,20671517,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Moopmoop24,When nostalgia forces you to do recommend this game
,Recommended,288470,20668637,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Call The Banners,"The music. Oh, it's like taking a frying pan made of pure nostalgia to the face while a muscle-head reads his poetry about the color grey.Buy it."
,Recommended,288470,27366041,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ルピクセルアーコン,Is great
76561198074102803,Recommended,288470,27341699,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[MNI]DazBones,Wish they made another one like this !! Goog game
,Recommended,288470,27361163,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PenguinzOP,Better than I remember it to be!
,Recommended,288470,27351474,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FrogFood,"Classic game, great music, great voice acting."
,Recommended,288470,27313284,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,🔥Rasing Angel🔥,This game would never get old. I'm still w8ing  for 2nd and 3rd part coming on PC.
,Recommended,288470,26859350,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,♚Lord Gumby♚,"This game is one of my all time favorites when I think of a game I put plenty of hours into as a kid this is the game that comes to mind playing this game brings back so many good memories from when I was younger and it makes me feel sad there most probably won't be another fable as lionhead have shutdown but this will just keep the good memories of there games, I jsut wish they would of brought out a remastered version of 2 and 3 (by the way 3 was my favorite :D).This game should be voted for an award."
,Recommended,288470,27297422,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Goober AKA CHAD,One of the best rpgs I played9/11 Would kick the chicken
76561198046460433,Recommended,288470,27087489,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MonsterTruckDave,"""HERO. Your health is low..."""
,Recommended,288470,27046775,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bear,This game takes me back to my original xbox and summer in the basement. It is an awesome game with a suprising amount of replayabillity. One of the few games I would rank an actual 10/10.
76561198025235146,Recommended,288470,27036406,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ligoten,Updates the graphics of the original without overly compromising the fun. I especially like the fact that I can still get insanely high combat multipliers.
,Recommended,288470,27231923,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BrahmaBull,"I already completed the game years ago on my older PC as Fable: The Lost Chapters.  But at sale price, this is a great way to relive the experience on a much better PC.  Everything has been reskinned to higher resolution but all the voices, music, and dialog are still as you may remember them.  A little confusing to see both products available on Steam, but I guess the system requirements are not as steep for Fable: TLC.  Some people prefer the M+K controls but I like to have the console experience as intended and the game uses my XBox controller perfectly.  Remake some more older Microsoft Studios games and you software distributors can make more money off me!"
,Recommended,288470,27213111,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Carnage,"one of the best games i ever play, i think all need to play this because is part of the evolution of the decisions actions in the games an this is ♥♥♥♥ing great."
,Recommended,288470,25821268,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,azerisii,"I came late to the title and only just played it for the first time.It's a decent title that does live up to it's reputation.  The length is reasonable, and the game plays well in this version.  There are some minor annoyances that you may find if you are used to the combat systems of more modern titles, and the game does punish you for not fighting in the manner for which the system is designed.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys console RPGs or Lionhead's other work.  Even if you're a strictly mouse and keyboard gamer, once you get past the initial feeling of ""this controls like a tank"" the gameplay is fun."
76561198104952164,Recommended,288470,25839731,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Snortch,"JUST AMAZING, this game is unique and have the chance to play it again and remastered is unique!"
,Recommended,288470,25602372,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Lord Beerus,"Very nostalgic. This is for every fan of the original Fable. The whole gameplay is still exactly the same from years ago. The only big change here are the visuals and graphics and a bit of new weapons and clothes as DLCs. That's pretty much it. I'll give this one a 9/10!Oh, and btw, don't buy this on full price! Wait for the sale!"
,Recommended,288470,26253682,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,c r a z y,"Fable: Anniversery is an amazing game. Having only ever played Fable 2 and 3 im mad at myself for havent played this before. The game looks and plays beautifully. Fable is easily one of the best RPGs ive ever played, and i always catch myself loading it up once and a while just to mess around. So much to do like get drunk at bars, steal the rights to a ♥♥♥♥♥ house and gain their services for free, kill owners of stores and houses to be able to buy them, having a wife in every single town, and you just flat out feel like a absolute badass once your hero is maxed out. If you havent played this yet, im disapointed in you."
,Recommended,288470,26639299,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,A Meme Reborn,"It lost a lot of it's magic and didn't really age that well and I cought myself a lot of time getting really bored of this. They improved the graphics, but they didn't fix the bugs of the original. If you never completed the game, I still would recommend it, because the story and the soundtrack are good."
76561198231844596,Recommended,288470,26687630,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lapreea,"fun game to play, was worth the money. Bought this when it went on sale, I also love how the character progress in this game is made."
76561198072857350,Recommended,288470,26937228,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,All things fade.,"This game is just a kick in the childhood, I wish they kept making them but not all dreams come true."
,Recommended,288470,26937287,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SpOoKy Sensual Suicide,"This game was my childhood, it's great to be able to play it once again. So comfy on pc."
76561198151583706,Recommended,288470,24820387,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,flx.ga,"I got it cheap in a summer sale and i have to say it's a great game full of nostalgic and epic moments. It's kinda hard playing it without a controller but still fun. I recommend it if you can get it in discount if not... if you have money and don't know what to do with it, buy it."
,Recommended,288470,24925405,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,PrinceBren,"I only recently got my gaming pc and this is the first game I have played seriously on it. Well I love the game, I love the controls (am using controller).It did take me a few days to master the controls but once mastered, they are very easy to configure.I can't think of any serious issues other than a quest later on that requires you to fail an optional quest in favor of another to open.SPOILER V :Marrying Lady Grey and failing exposing her. I mean if it was my game, I would have made it so any marriage can unlock the door and exposing her was still an option. That being said, she's probably the most attractive female in the game if you want a wife and I would have chosen her anyway because she's evil, just like me >:)"
,Recommended,288470,27957922,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sofiachan,Press left on the d-pad to fart 10/10
76561198009363739,Recommended,288470,27790053,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hexonaz,"Great game, still holds up today."
,Recommended,288470,27952103,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Add_Endless,"The original was great, this one is liker the original, but better looking. Not much new content you might say, but really, did it need more? I personnaly don't think so."
76561198173594481,Recommended,288470,27782840,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JESMAN,"Loved playing Fable when it first came out on xbox, and had even more fun when fable lost chapter came out. So in all this game is awsome."
,Recommended,288470,27493494,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Neoknight88,"Everything I liked about Fable: The Lost Chapters, but in HD! This game has always ranked among my favorites, and even with the new textures, it remains in that position."
,Recommended,288470,27526975,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gondalf,An old classic in a slightly better outfit. It builds the foundation of every other story- and decision-driven RPG I have ever played. You must play it!
76561198039074469,Recommended,288470,27528272,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Baard Goldstein,"Everytime I come back to this game, no matter what version I am playing.It still is godlike."
,Recommended,288470,27575908,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hektikbones,"Always an awesome game to play, and this version being remastered with HD audio and visuals just makes it that much better"
76561198162602959,Recommended,288470,27583712,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ablepsia,"Brings back so many memories of me and my brother playing this. I love the hd remaster but some of the character look little derpy, it's a must if u haven't played any of the Fable franchise. Very nice game 10/10"
,Recommended,288470,27584153,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Naratos252,good old times
76561198132161870,Recommended,288470,26798055,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Iepuras,I played Fable the lost chapters more than 200 hours and now that we have better graphics its just perfect.I just hate how the faces of the characters look lol10/10 game
76561198061990435,Recommended,288470,26891775,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bigdommer,"This game is just as awesome as it was when I first played it, graphics are updated enough to not seem like a total piece of garbage, all in all, very good port."
,Recommended,288470,27916751,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TOPGUN ROCKS,Have replayed this game so many times and it's still not old.
,Recommended,288470,27918966,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SynfulKnight,Forever Bad♥♥♥♥♥!
76561198017397324,Recommended,288470,27896232,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,=\VA\=Boer Sjarel,"I loved this game when it came out on X-box, and I still love it today, it's very relaxing to play and yet very addiciting.There are multiple ways to approach this game and you can have multipple and different ways of playstiles, it's very nice."
,Recommended,288470,28495928,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Sl0thmens,I loved playing this game on Xbox as a kid and I think it's great that they released an anniversary edition.  The game has you play as a hero and allows you to make choices which can be good or bad.  The game is fun to play and has a great story which the player can slightly alter through his/her choices.  It was a great game at the time and still is to this day.  I heavily recommend this game and hope you enjoy playing through it as it is a great game with a lot to offer.
,Recommended,288470,28320642,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,kingkoopa,its good but it dosent look like the gamplay in the video
76561198136461669,Recommended,288470,28200102,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,giae40,such a good game
76561198267211791,Recommended,288470,28220896,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Armoured Jester,"Haven't had a single issue with this game, and I get to go back to one of the first games I played on the Xbox.I don't have anything to say, really, because this is so far away from the games that I usually play that I have nothing to compare it to outside of its sequels. Out of the three, I choose this one."
76561198161930056,Recommended,288470,28787014,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rё∀L,สนุก เควสเนื้อเรื่องน่าติดตาม น่าจะมีระบบ co-op
76561198116373409,Recommended,288470,28837122,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Phelim The NinjaJesus,"Now, Fable, don't be fooled by my hours, i played the game at least 15 times, its the best. I see many cheap comments about glitches and bugs and except from 1 or 2 bugs that you log off and its over, there isnt many bugs. This version is still worth it and for someone who played the old one its pure magick to play on this version. The history is on point and awesome, kind of cliché too (kid, familly dies, revenge, hes the best, power in his hands) but its the best, its like you are reading a book.I mean come on, pulling a sword out of a stone is cliché but they managed to do it correctly and the is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of other things. The combat is cool and fluid, nothing to say there and the spells are awesome. The other major thing is of course, choices, ho you can kill a whole trader village for fun? you can kill your sister for weapon of mass destruction?  There is NO reason to NOT buy this game, forget the complains, there isnt many bugs, im the one always getting bug and this game is fine. BUY it, and you will be even more disapointed with newer games that cant match the story or gameplay."
76561198027891196,Recommended,288470,28796701,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Slavvy Destroyer of Kebab,"Great Remaster!Loved every second of it!My playthrough was also bug-free, which was a plus!If you didn't Play Fable yet, i would recommend it for sure!"
76561198161859768,Recommended,288470,30991659,Posted: 6 April,all,Luminescence,"Play this game for the badge! Totally worth it! Just hope more from this series, but I think It won't ever come true~"
,Recommended,288470,26946741,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZeroGhosty,"Best fable of all time! grew up playing this game and it makes me happy they remade it, also sad we wont see anymore games from the studio. but the memories I was given as a child growing up with this game will be forever! :D thank you Mr. Molyneux"
,Recommended,288470,27005860,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Perruzza,Hands down the greatest Chicken Chasing Simulator I've ever played.
,Recommended,288470,24001776,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Boop,"This is my favourite game for quite a few reasons, one being it was my favourite when i was younger and nostalgia that's why. But while recently replaying it on remaster, i have noticed the games flaws much clearer as i am much older, BUT this is still my favourite. Sure the story has a pace thats off the rail, combat can weird with the camera and depending how you play you can essentially just be mashing buttons. But here are the great parts.Pros:- Great RP elements- Good humor (May be a bit crude)- Story that kept me engaged (Gave me motivation from the prolugue up)- Amazing Spells and Weapons- Full (working) controller support (Can even use traditional controller format)- HD 60fps- Chicken chasing- Full character choice of who you want to be (evil, neutral, good, whatever gives me the most money)- Replay Value? (For me yes very much)Cons:- The HD remakes of the characters faces was a no-no."
76561198097669449,Recommended,288470,27051479,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yunalesca,"I liked the game. I played it earlier when it was new and came back to it now. The story is nice, overdrawn and fun, nothing too serious. The graphics are easy on the eyes, even though a tad repetitive (looking at the NPCs).I found combat to be rather easy, I didn't really need to master it in order not to die at every boss. I liked it that way, but I know for many it would be boring. I'm not one to enjoy hacking that same boss ten times in a row to get forward, I play for the story.One thing that kinda annoyed me was the inventory system that required like 10 clicks to finally get to the item that I wanted, even though I knew perfectly well where to find it. Oh well, can't have everything :)So if you can live with such minor drawbacks, I think you might like this game!"
,Recommended,288470,26912782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crayon Muncher,"A worthy update of one of my favourite games of all time. The hero's face is, however, incredibly ugly and weord-looking compared to the original, but chuck a helmet over his ugly mug and you'll hardly notice it as you murder townsfolk and buy their property to rent to the next batch of cattle.Or do good deeds but...Gotta pay the bills somehow."
76561197982922286,Recommended,288470,26912025,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chelraine,"A nice facelift for an all time classic. Decide wether to be the hero or the villain, help the people or torment them, kick the chicken....or kick it harder! If you own the original it may not be the best decision to do the upgrade but if you want to get into the game for the first time, shoot for this nice graphic update.Pros :- Interesting Story- Good RPG Elements- Freedom of Choice- Good Soundtrack- A lot of replayabilityCons :- Upgrades not sooo noticable to buy the game full price- Some parts/Quests are very tediousOverall :Thumps up, you gotta try it, people!Cheers"
,Recommended,288470,26852171,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Möökö,Yes
76561197982087969,Recommended,288470,26753804,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Richard,"Fable has never been the most complex or advanced RPG but it has always been fun and easy to play. In terms of the game play, with age it has become inferior to titles in the same category such as Skyrim & the Witcher games but is still fun to play and what mechanics it does have to offer it does fairly well considering the age of the game.The remaster brings the graphics up to date and seems to fix some issues from the original but does very little to change the game in anyway (The Combat is still somewhat annoying). It still controls clunky at times but there is now controller support along with control schemes to mimic fable 2 which makes it a lot easier to play than the other version on steam.Overall, although basic; Fable is still a very enjoyable RPG and I’d recommend paying the bit extra for the Anniversary edition for PC compatibility and smoother control. I’d still recommend getting Fable 2 for those who own an Xbox 360 as I do consider that the Highlight of the series (despite a lacklustre ending)."
76561198005916420,Recommended,288470,27581350,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,millzee23,"A classic in HD, what more could you ask for to bring back good memories and for less than £7 its a bargain. recommand buying it!"
76561198024768739,Recommended,288470,27581617,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sneak Thief,"The original Fable given a much appreciated facelift (something its successors could also benefit from), made just before the apex of Lionhead Studios prominence, I would still consider the first entry into the series to be the best. Simple but enjoyable concepts and gameplay, Fable was mostly criticized for a lack of depth and a failure to live up to the famous Molyneux hype. As someone who never was swept up in the pre-release fervor, what I found was enjoyable, albeit short game, with an engaging story and topnotch character."
76561197980234251,Recommended,288470,27580572,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pawLy,still an awesome game!
76561197971433778,Recommended,288470,27654775,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,blackjoker454,Still one of those game you can jump right back in to.
76561197996662237,Recommended,288470,33227213,Posted: 4 July,all,☺,"Fable... my childhood crush. Some say third time's the charm. But I say fourteenth time's the charm. Yes. Upon completion of Fable Anniversary, it marks the fourteenth time that I have completed this wonderful game. Perhaps a bit overkill but if you're a poor lad like I was when I got my first thirteen playthroughs then it's worth finishing at least half that many, haha.With Fable Anniversary, the definitive edition of the original game in the Fable saga, I feel that I can finally close this book for good after having completed it once again, my way, even going so far as to collect every achievement, this game finally holds no more surprises for me.My personal relation with this game aside, it really is a wonderful game even today which everyone who likes classic games need to have played. Though some signs of age show through even in this remastered version, with the somewhat clunky menus and occasional stubborn AI, those warm, fuzzy and adventurous feelings you get from playing Fable are still there."
76561198128792997,Recommended,288470,33238557,Posted: 4 July,all,The Grinning Chimera,"An exellent classic adventure game, with an intereasting story and far game play.I myself would give this 8/10"
76561198077719495,Recommended,288470,33038965,Posted: 30 June,all,babydollpinup,Excellent upgrade of a classic and I love that it is now controller compatible.
,Recommended,288470,33252213,Posted: 4 July,all,cgunz,"Lion Head was truly a blessing. It breaks my heart that the charm of this specific title raised the bar so damn high, we will never see another with same agony, bliss, pain, and humor."
76561197988113155,Recommended,288470,28814800,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SAF,"I have very fond memories of Fable. It was the Fall of 2004, I was almost a year removed from my intense Morrowind addiction, I was living in my gay alcoholic uncle's basement, in debt, with a drama queen of a g/f, and then along came the release of Fable. It was very unique at the time because you could choose to do ""good"" or ""evil"" things to people (and chickens) which affected not only how NPCs reacted to you, but also your appearance (halo, horns, etc....).The soundtrack was incredible, it's what stood out to me when I first started the game, the main theme song was ""enchanting"" to me and I don't use words like that. The graphics were excellent and I think the artsyle still holds up today. Fable Anniversary has improved graphics (a bit), includes the Lost Chapters, and also added gamepad support, which was a win for me.Fable's story was well done and the combat and overall gameplay kept me entertained (expressions were fun), but the game was too short and a bit too easy. I remember beating it in about 20 hours, feeling accomplished because I had a lot of fun with the game, but also saying to myself, ""That's it""??? I was bummed.After I beat it, I missed the game dearly, I missed the freedom you had in the game, which was ground breaking. I missed my fugly wife I married in the game. I missed my Jesus-like, Mother Teresa type character I beat the game witth...I started a new game with an evil character, but never finished that game. I just remember my evil character kicking the s h i t out of every chicken in sight and going full hardcore gay with a male teacher. The groaning sounds they made when ""knocking the boots"" was hillarious!I am determined to play Fable Anni one day and beat the game once more. I highly recommend it to fans of Adventure & RPG. There isn't a game out there that is quite like it, besides for the sequels and Kingdoms of Amalur.I'll never forget my uncle crying and asking me ""Why, Why do I drink, Whyyyyyy!?!?!?"" and my good times with Fable during Fall 04...It's one of the few games I have played in my life that I'll always remember..."
76561198093949456,Recommended,288470,33413966,Posted: 9 July,all,Quashi Gandalf,"amazing game, glad i could play it again with almost no money spent :D i recommend this game."
76561198210388881,Not Recommended,288470,33416647,Posted: 9 July,all,chapmanj1986,"Played for 15 hours. The game crashed. Now i'm unable to play it at all without creating a completely separate Windows ID. Love this game, hate that I'm ""locked out"" now."
,Not Recommended,288470,33415277,Posted: 9 July,all,WhotheEffcares,"Great game, but the constant crashes and freezes combined with the steam controller going unresponsive really make it unplayable. Unfortunately, I cannot recommened it. It may just be a windows 10 issue, but this is a Microsoft game for crying out loud..."
,Not Recommended,288470,33454341,Posted: 11 July,all,Curb your Dotka,"I pre-bought this game for my love for Fable I, but i'd recommmend you play the older Fable I - The lost chapters, which is a nicer game, Whereas the anniversary edtion is just an ""enhanced"" random spam of fx, mssa, fxaa or morphgical filters and ultra god rays, unoptimized high resolution textures and an occassional stutter, and with no native support for most settings, so you'll have to manually locate the ini files, which are not really easy to spot among a dozen other files."
,Recommended,288470,33431719,Posted: 10 July,all,Reid,"Want to play Fable in HD? This is the way to go. I loved it as a kid and I love the remaster now. Admittedly the original control scheme hasn't aged well, but there is a new scheme to use that's inspired by Fable 2/3 (though that scheme puts will users at a disadvantage so I use the original). Better graphics, a new UI, and some bug fixes. They did fix all the XP farming you could do at the start of the game along with the gold farming you could do from traders/rental houses, kind of disappointed to see that but it's not too big a deal.I haven't found many bugs, and the game hasn't crashed, but the ones I have found have been annoying. I've gotten stuck in the floor twice, had two NPCs get stuck in the animation cyle where they turn around causing them to forever be stuck like that (the armorer was still able to trade, but the person I tried to wed wasn't able to do anything and there was no fixing either of them), and whisper getting stuck in her cutscene animation during the arena. Speaking of the arena, when I was going through and fighting the rock trolls, the crowd approval fell to half. Because of that, they started booing. The problem is, the audio started stacking, causing it to get louder and louder. It continued into the cutscenes and during every single round after that. No dialogue was audible as it was completely drowned out by the crowd, I had to mute my TV because it wouldn't stop. Annoyed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.But overall a great remaster would suggest 9/10"
,Recommended,288470,31874208,Posted: 20 May,all,hatsunator,I will always love everything Fable.9/10
76561198006142858,Recommended,288470,31956240,Posted: 25 May,all,shagon212,this game is fantastic one of the best RPGs out there and i would recommend this game to anyone who feels like not moving for days to grind for every wepon in a game 10/10
76561198198354162,Recommended,288470,31635156,Posted: 8 May,all,Ze Po1ar Bear,"I never played far into the original one I had on my xbox so I got this. Its a fun game with shiny graphics, you just got to remember that all the mechanics are the same as the xbox version, so combat may not feel exceptionally good.Mostly, this game made me want to play Fable 2 again more than anything.Edit: oh, and I never got the dlc. I played through the whole game and didn't see a reson to spend another $25.00 for just weapons and armor. Dark Leather Armor FTW!!!!"
,Recommended,288470,31672687,Posted: 10 May,all,Rhyno,The Graphic improvements alone make this game worth purchasing again.
,Recommended,288470,31764197,Posted: 15 May,all,Zakkles,"Pretty damn good game, never played the original only played 2 & 3 on the 360 back in the day8/10"
76561198165530205,Recommended,288470,31730035,Posted: 13 May,all,shaun.groggins,very good game for the price i paid well worth it
76561198046177174,Recommended,288470,31921795,Posted: 23 May,all,Loki,Beautiful game. So nostalgic
76561198139554077,Recommended,288470,32173823,Posted: 4 June,all,chinesemario,"i love the fable games, pity about lionhead would have bought the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a fable 2 version"
,Recommended,288470,19528424,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Zephyranthes,"I love Fable. The 2nd and 3rd one not so much.Fable anniversary is the Lost Chapters but with the graphics updated. All the old exploits are still their, ( Except on heroic the shop theft is harder to pull off since each bar only sells about3-5 beer per each restock)I have had no issues with bugs except when using the fable 2 and 3 style controls with a controller I found the A button would be unresponsive.  However I switched to teh Classic controls of Fable and had no issue of any kind and still haven't since.The only negative thing I have to say is that the dlc armor is kinda meh. I used a couple of teh new sets and some of the arm pieces have issues with no clipping if you use a bow. So yeah kinda kills my interest in the dlc armor. Glad I got it on sale.All in all its the Fable we all enjoyed but with better graphics."
,Recommended,288470,17433946,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,James Doorman,"If you liked Fable: TLC and want controller support, or just want to relive middle school memories, get this version of Fable."
,Not Recommended,288470,29529240,Posted: 27 January,all,Phishing Master's Taco Box,"Maybe this is a good game. However for me, it is not playable.There're 2 reasons which drive me away from Fable Anniversary:First, playing this game with keyboard and mouse felt uncomfortable. Clunkier than I thought it would be.So, I plugged in my controller and tried it again. However it only made my experience worse.Here's the second reason:Everytime I pulled or pushed my left stick to order my character to do a 180 degree turn, the camera shaked for 1.5 second. And this kind of camera shaking was something that I had never seen before. It shaked in a strange frequency and made me feel really dizzy. After just one minute game play with the controller, I had to quit the game because if I didn't do that, I would have a bad headache, literally.I don't know if anyone else has the same problem. However to me, this game is not playable with either keyboard & mouse, or a controller.So, yeah, I have to give it a thumb-down.PS: I know some people may argue, but turning back means turning 180 degree, not 360 degree. Turning 360 degree means making a circle and your eyes will still be looking at the same direction. If you have a mechanical clock just look at its arms and imagine they are representing the direction of your line of sight, and you will understand.Edit:I've asked a friend of mine who also played this game with a controller, and he said he didn't have the issue I was having. I don't know but the game made me so dizzy and gave me headache when I was playing with a controller and doing 180 degree turns. Maybe I will give this game the third chance, which will also be the last chance."
76561198084022657,Recommended,288470,33447954,Posted: 10 July,all,Sanik,I loved this game so much. theres was so much to do i played through it twice. I wanted to play the other two but steam does not have them. then i looked up fable legends to find out microsoft closed it. it looked so good and microsoft through it in the garbage. so when buying this game dont get your hopes up for another one.
,Recommended,288470,29873115,Posted: 12 February,all,sunnie,"Unfortunately i never got to play the original as a kid and started off with Fable II and then went on to Fable III. I feel that if you are a fan of either of those games, definitely play this game to help tie the story all together. I really enjoyed it and i'm honestly contemplating a second run through the game making the opposite choices than i did in my original playthough. Definitely recommend."
76561198021263677,Recommended,288470,29650446,Posted: 2 February,all,evan.scott,"This isn't a massively engaging game, but for what it is it's enjoyable enough.The graphics are ok, the art is good, the combat is ok, the story is ok, the style is quirky and fun ...The RPG advancement mechanics kind of run out of steam about half way through the game, which is probably a function of the fact this is a few titles turned into one experience, but the end game is a bit thin in that respect once you get the final set of gear/level up the skills you use, and relies on the story to keep pulling you through to the end.  And, honestly, the story is only just adequate.  Hardly any emotional impact, and you've heard this story told a thousand times before.I do like the game style, it has fun, cheeky writing, and you can play the game as a goody or a baddy as you like and aren't really penalized for being a goody two shoes.  There are bits of the story you only experience if you make certain choices, but ultimately I don't think the overall game experience changes very much even though they try to make your playing choice history matter.If I was more into the story I think I would go back and play it differently to see what other outcomes you can get, but ...  having just finished I don't feel any motivation to do so at the moment, but maybe in a  year or two if I'm bored I might come back to this.So yeah, an enjoyable if fairly slight game."
,Recommended,288470,29923156,Posted: 14 February,all,TwiliSailor,"A game that is overshadowed by it's own creators failings. Fable did not end up the game that we were promised all those years ago, but this remaster proves that it is still a great classic even today. It is a simplified or introductory RPG at its core, placing a much larger focus on dodging and attacking than on level ups and strategy. The shining points of this game are in it's lifestyle gameplay mechanics. Fable manages to add realistic elements to the game without it feeling out of place or panderous. This is the type of game that has as much focus on questing as it does on buying a house, finding a wife, getting fat and kicking chickens.Because these things are not forced on you in anyway, your decisions and action affect the character in a believable way. If you eat too much food you get fatter, if you need money you can rent out a house that you own. Doing a lot of evil deeds will make your character appear visibly more hideous and accomplishing more in game quests and side quests will begin to age your character and show how they have grown throughout the game.This remake includes not only the original game but also all of the content in the lost chapters. It has its moments of imperfections but they aren't an overall detriment to the enjoyment of the game. If you are a keyboard and mouse player however the lack of options compared to the original steam release are dissapointing."
,Recommended,288470,29950582,Posted: 15 February,all,Leo,Just like the good old times
76561198174483809,Recommended,288470,29334020,Posted: 18 January,all,reesy1080,"Great game but the frame rate is bad which will tell you how good it is if I'm putting up with it. Download lost chapters instead, it is the same game and I'm sure it would play better + it's cheaper."
,Recommended,288470,29285487,Posted: 15 January,all,BeastDv,"Great ehen it first came out, still great to this day."
76561198057081807,Recommended,288470,29512921,Posted: 26 January,all,Sauron,Brings back the good old days when I owned the game on the original Xbox. Love it.
76561198112579466,Recommended,288470,31011358,Posted: 7 April,all,^4[L^7MA^1O]^7Bloody_^8Panda,"Many people would certainly agree that Fable, The Lost Chapter should have been the only game of the franchise. yes, forget about Fable 2 or 3 which should have never see the light of the day  and say in their shady cave.But what is Fable ?Fable is a RPG, i which you control a ""Hero"", a young man going on an epic journey within the world of ""Albion"". Quests, mysteries and epic battles against various foes will be the main actions you will undertake during your adventure ! But beware ! every single action you will take will have an influence... Upon you... Live as a hero, inspire glory, pride and peace... Or end up as the worst evil being in Albion inspiring fear, bringing destruction and much more...Yes, this is what made Fable one of the most unique games when it came out, at least 10 years ago from now: Each action you will take, will change your personality, your physic and how or what people will think about you. Becoming a bright angel or the darkest horned evil being... You decide !We will only regret the few hours required to complete the game which I personally think should have been improved within this remastered version instead of adding (extremely) optional DLCs adding new gear. Note also that the inventory system is just... Well, let's say it is not really optimized...Anyway, I would only suggest you to buy this game which is for sure one of the modern ""classic"" in terms of RPG. And if you like achievements, this rmastered version will offer you some, perfectly achievable at 100% without too much challenge !"
76561197981834290,Recommended,288470,29469546,Posted: 24 January,all,flightless dog,"Great game, captivating story."
,Recommended,288470,29385761,Posted: 20 January,all,alcidiow,"It is a shame fable ii is not on pc. i am new to the fable franchise but i got to say this game blew me away.It has a very nice replayability(after you finish you would want to play as the oposition because some things are very temping specially when you are doing a pacifist playthrough).the story is very good, the combat is great, music very goodquest variety is amazing(sometimes your are defending a farm against gangs other you are in a fighting arena)not been able to cancel a taken quest anditems navigation are my only complaint(is not intuitive)would i recommend?, yes this is easily a 9.7/9.8"
,Recommended,288470,29265931,Posted: 14 January,all,Mr Omnomnom,"""Chicken Chaser eh? Why do they call you that then?""R.I.P LionHead Studios."
,Recommended,288470,29191119,Posted: 11 January,all,skimo336,Beautiful remaster of one of my all-time favorite games. Very glad they released on PC.
76561198374141998,Recommended,288470,32238335,Posted: 7 June,all,βΣⱢṪΣṨḤΛẒẒΛṜ,"Amazing! Pure Nostalgia, holds up well to most modern RPG'S."
76561197998102489,Recommended,288470,32334715,Posted: 10 June,all,Wulferayne,"I loved this game before it came to PC and would recommend it. To be good or bad, which will you choose hero or villian? Controls at the time were quite unique, the over all feel and story were enjoyable. I don't know about the following releases but the first Fable was the bomb."
,Recommended,288470,32901342,Posted: 27 June,all,Dr. James T. Rustler,Relive the magic of running around in the buff and and not being able to replay the Arena in HD. Also you can buy more outfits... literally
76561198067773602,Recommended,288470,21146596,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Jimnick,"7.5/10Fable aniversary in my eyes is an amazing game. But let me say first off, if you are looking for a remake of the original which changes gameplay elements in order to create an improvement of the game then this is not the game for you. But if you are just looking for practically the same game with different graphics or are new to the series then this game is perfect for you.Lets start off on what the game is, in fable aniversary you start off as a rosy cheeked child whos town gets slaughtered by bandits. After being saved by a hero he takes you to the Hero Guild where you tain and become a full fledged hero. You are now ready to traverse the world and chose who you will be, Good or evil.Now to start with the gameplay, Fable anniversary  is a combat heavy game which has a fairly simple system. You can use either will (magic) Finnese (Archery) or Strength (Melee). You are also able to block and dodge. Once you have learned how to do these mechanics the rest of the game will be fairly easy. In my playthroughs I have specced in each tree (you can upgrade all three) and I have seen that finnese is the most powerfull as all you need to do is roll then shoot then roll. Doing this I am rarely ever hit.Now the alignment system. Theres not much to say if you do a bad choice you gain bad points if do a good thing you get good points. It is a black and white shallow alignment system.Next is the equipment. Equipment in this game can be aquired unreasonabely fast. Not only can you gain money extremely quickly just by playing the game. If you use an exploit in the game you can quite literally max out your money in the first town. Meaning you can buy end game gear right after the first mission.Going on we have the skill progression. The game doesn't offer much in terms of skills rather you will upgrade your current skill and spell or get new spells. The way you gain skills is by earning experience, experience is earned by attacking enemies, for each hit you gain experience depending on how you hit them and when they die you gain general exp. General exp can be used on any skill whilst attack based exp can only be used on there tree. There is also an attack multiplier the more you hit without being hit means the more exp you get. Meaning playing an archer like I said above means you can get unimaginabley high amounts of exp from generic enemys. Ruining the game progression."
76561198210071037,Recommended,288470,30366146,Posted: 6 March,all,intence66,good and bad //// plus bonus hack info///good  ok so from what i can tell everything works you have upgrades and places to buy and people to talk to and things to sell the quests are cool and good you get really cool weapons powers cloths and items and potions and books the graphics and colours are also good .....///the bad .... ok so theres only maybe 2 things and 1 is i noticed that in the first fable not the anniversary that the colours are diffrent to the anniversary within the old fable the colours seemed much better than the anniversary version? alouth everything does look good but just a bit colour dull??? 2 soooo my issue is with 1 quest so far i married lady grey and then did the side quest that proves that she killed her sister anyways i went to go prove she killed her sister but then the guy was dead and then the police guy just wouldnt let me give it him ? so then i kept hitting the lady grey but then she dumped me and then i tryed again to give it to the police guy yet he still would not have it ? turns out you have to restart everything just to do that quest and give it the guy ? what is really bad ?????///bonus ok so while youre upgradeing youre skills to be come a better seller you can buy loads of apples as soon as you start the game  once you have brought loads of apples you can sell them back to the guy again and get more profit out of it and then rebuy the apples and still make a profit ??? in turn buy everything in bulk and then keep selling and rebuying and selling and rebuying and keep getting more things and repeating the process and you get to keep all youre stuff and become rich///also i do reccomend this game becasue of the ammount of content it has inside
76561198371827964,Recommended,288470,30363272,Posted: 6 March,all,FallenDemonicSaint,"Amazing graphics.Gameplay is fantasic and with such a gripping storyline.Started out how I would have expected a Fable game to start but was a bit different.Great game to play and if you are a fan of Fable, Fable 2 & Fable 3 then it is a must play."
76561198163198563,Recommended,288470,30322436,Posted: 4 March,all,Eco,"Really good.  The aim mechanic on the ranged weapons is a little worthless, but really good game"
76561198156259978,Recommended,288470,30357956,Posted: 6 March,all,Black Hand Goddard,good game
76561198122983896,Recommended,288470,31285746,Posted: 21 April,all,Burnan,In my opinion one of the best games to ever come out for xbox and is even better on computer
,Recommended,288470,31333586,Posted: 23 April,all,Expendable,"Pretty decent port - gameplay is fun as it was when it was released. Some of the mechanics are dated, and it shows. You'll be max level way before the end of the game and leaves nothing to really strive for when fighting enemies. Found myself avoiding battles in late game cause of it. 7/10"
,Recommended,288470,31330415,Posted: 23 April,all,Hadezs7,Extremely fun and well worth getting.  Picked it up since I lost my original xbox copy and dont regret it at all. So much fun to wipe out everything
76561198253423867,Recommended,288470,31272356,Posted: 21 April,all,Dr.Dog,"The coolest part about this game imo is that although your character isn't initially customizable, he constantly changes throughout the game based on your choices. The ability to choose from tons of different powers to spend experience and level up is pretty cool too."
,Recommended,288470,31565234,Posted: 5 May,all,kiras_last_light,"An interesting game, I like how you are able to grow up with him and develop his personality. The combat is simple and I feel as if the execution of it was pretty okay. You can either make it a silly game or a serious one, either way it's enjoyable. I don't play it for too long since at times the missions are vague and the map isn't that helpful at times, with frustration I take a break and come back to it. I haven't played for quite a while but it is a game worth trying."
76561198262821746,Recommended,288470,31473440,Posted: 30 April,all,The Elder Troll,"I completely love this game! Definitely one to come back to and mess around on. So far I have every achievement except the wedding one. The game supports several different controllers, and has a remarkably fluid feel. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,288470,34913863,Posted: 12 September,all,bluefootedpig,"I recommend this game based on the value I got out of it when it was on sale. It is a very solid game, but I feel much of the extra side stuff was not that flushed out.Combat, amazing.Dialog and world, great!But like to find a wife, women would just fall over me. Tips say you need to give them gifts, but everyone wanted to marry me regardless.Worth playing."
76561198065807260,Recommended,288470,34780014,Posted: 6 September,all,AliMa,"This is one of my all time favourite games.It is amazing and offers many hours of fun and adventure! It has a lot of action, a rich story and the character development is simply grand. There are tons of weapons and clothing to choose from and you can shape your hero as you wish (literally! Eat enough cake - or chicks for that matter - and you will see ;) ). Sure, graphics are a bit clunky compared to more recent games - but even today Fable is very enjoyable to look at.I cannot recommend this game enough and would give it a solid 10/10.....and now I'm off to install it agian and replay it once more :)"
76561198161280711,Recommended,288470,33689401,Posted: 20 July,all,ricky bobby,Classic
,Recommended,288470,33661814,Posted: 19 July,all,MrLoch,"Fable was one of my all-time favorite RPG's. This one doesn't quite manage to capture that same magic that the original had, but it's not bad I guess. Still would definitely recommend playing the original despite the outdated graphics."
,Not Recommended,288470,33634941,Posted: 18 July,all,MoneyofFools,"Fable Anniversaryis a complete remake of the originalFableplusLost Chaptersexpansion in Unreal Engine 3. Knowing that, I expected Lionhead to resolve any technical issues or broken gameplay elements found in the original version. Instead it appears that the developer ported as much of the original source code as possible and focused on stability rather than imrpovement. There is little reason to purchaseFable Anniversary, as the original version is often found cheaper on Steam and features a UI actually designed for mouse and keyboards.This is a shame, asFable Anniversarywas a great opportunity to spruce up an aging classic. It is still an outstanding  take on clichéd fantasy RPGs. The tight gameplay, surprisingly human story, and amusing satire hold up remarkably well. Even the gothic fairytale asthetic retains an adimrable charm, but the updated visuals inFable Anniversarymay not gel with those who loved the original artistic composition.---My SpecsGPU - GTX 1070 SLICPU - i7 6700kRAM - 16GBsStorage - NVMe SSDOS - Windows 10My Graphics SettingsResolution - 2560 x 1440FullscreenVsync - OFFGeomerty LOD Distance - HIGHShadow Distance - HIGHLandscape LOD Distance - ULTRAAniosotropic Filtering - IGNORED (Forced 16x in Nvidia Control Panel)Extra EnhancementsReshade 3.0FXAA RemovalAltering the .ini to disable ambient occlusion and all forms of blur.My ExperienceI encountered no major issues while playingFable Anniversary. It worked well with third party programs and overlays. It never crashed, though it suttered at various points. Even when using an Xbox controller (which the UI was designed for), navigating the menus was tedious.Resources I UsedPCGamingWikiThe Fable WikiFelixanity's 100% Achievement Guide"
76561198029620063,Recommended,288470,33885517,Posted: 29 July,all,🐺,"So you are a muteSwing swords, use magic, bows that shootDon't forget to toot"
,Recommended,288470,33892698,Posted: 29 July,all,Vlad3nt1n3,"Game was a blast of the past, however in the graphics department don't expect too much. The story is still captivating and reeling you as if you were a fish chasing a top water bait."
76561198083592151,Recommended,288470,33921282,Posted: 30 July,all,Trahelion,"A good standby for nostalgia or for new players alike.It's great for humor and lightheartedness, and lots of magical locals to explore. As a con, there is little to no reward in re-exploring places you have visited already.There are a lot of spells, and a traditional might/magic/guile customization for your character, which you can blend to your liking."
76561198306641531,Recommended,288470,33871857,Posted: 28 July,all,almaha,my favorite childhood game and u would think after all thhis years its not good will no its better then u could remmber
,Recommended,288470,15053571,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,A.A.Wayne,"It's not better than Fable: The lost chapters but I appreciated this game being a fan of this series.The price it's enough high, infact i've bought when there was a big sale.There are also a lot of bugs,dips in framerate, and sometimes stop working but it's not so grave.So I recommend this game only if someone is a big fan of Fable.Vote: 7 1/2"
,Recommended,288470,19942185,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ThievingWolf,"I love this game and played the 2nd n 3rd parts, but the first one is still the best. I keep having these problems, such as the game crashing when I face the rock troll in witchwood lake. I've also done the ""break the seige"" quest about 3 times now. Other times, I'd have to chase down the xp orbs while holding down the collector button. Also, when selecting a specified save file, the game starts, continues for a couple of seconds then crashes, at times. The gameplay is great and looks like how i remembered it when i played it on the first xbox.  I really love this game and would like to finish it 2 more times before im officially satisfied, i wanna work on my evil and mixed heroes. Please see if these issues can be addressed, and thank you for the game!"
76561198079884183,Recommended,288470,33983548,Posted: 2 August,all,Yorozuya,"Good game, didn't play it before, i think this anniversary version is great, graphic is not too bad, the conversation in this game is very interesting. I spent 14 hours to clear this game, enjoyed it a lot."
,Recommended,288470,34019903,Posted: 4 August,all,Alex~,"Fable Anniversary is, in my opinion, simply a better version of an already great game. The graphics have been overhauled, the interface has been redone, a new difficulty added for veteran players looking for a challenge, achievements for achievement hunters, controller support and a multitude of Steam emoticons, backgrounds, and cards.However, it does have two pieces of DLC, but they are entirely cosmetic and new content, not anything cut from TLC. So, if you're a fan of the first Fable, or a series Veteran in general, and have a controller to play with (as the redone interface is built around the new controller support), you should definitely pick this up."
76561198043820407,Recommended,288470,34135148,Posted: 9 August,all,Daevid,"Honestly? Fable: The Lost Chapter was my favorite video game as a kid. And it stayed this was for long, long years. I played it probably, I don't know, over 30 times in the course of my teenage years? When I heard about Anniversary coming out, I was PSYCHED. I got it as quickly as I could. And honestly? I'm not disappointed. I mean, there isn't... That many changes, sure. And at first, it was glitchy as hell. But TLC ALSO was glitchy as hell, so I mean, it kinda was like the good old days. The glitches and bugs got fixed, it all went smoothly. The graphics are really good, the added difficulty level is a good plus for people like me who like collecting gameplays. Also the achievement are really cool, some are definitely hilarious. So, in the end, what I want to say is, if you like Fable, yes, IMO, this game is worth a buy."
76561198143354050,Recommended,288470,34121460,Posted: 9 August,all,dumbdawg,a neat remaster of the game with a harder difficulty available wish the would come out with more
76561197980661826,Recommended,288470,34221571,Posted: 13 August,all,★ Xziinii ★,Bringing back some old memories! just as fun as i remembered it!
,Recommended,288470,30645639,Posted: 20 March,all,Zazinator,Very Good. (play with a controller)
,Recommended,288470,34300671,Posted: 16 August,all,souskuemadara,"This is still the amazing game from my childhood. I will be replaying a few more times just because I genuinely enjoy it. Especielly when running an evil character cause ♥♥♥♥ Thunder.Pros -Its Fable and not the less satisfying sequels.Murder everything.You can buy every house in the game (almost) and rent them out. It takes just over 1.2 million gold to do this.Magic!Upgradeable gear!Upgradeable you!You actually feel progression and its imposble to not notice how OP you get over timeAlignment makes sense.Chicken hat!You can fart on peopleI could go on...ConsIt is easy. There is nothing remotely difficult about this game. Take a few seconds to read your spells or think when you're in a fight and you'll win every single time.The menus and some controls don't feel right. Getting used to it didn't take long, but it is pretty obvious when improvements can be made."
76561198325040744,Recommended,288470,34280044,Posted: 16 August,all,Tay of the Lor,"The most replayable game of all time, never loses its charm."
76561198131530198,Recommended,288470,34267283,Posted: 15 August,all,Lonedragonwolf,"I had originally played the Lost Chapters back in the day, and in general love the Fable franchise.  I decided to pick up Anniversary during the Steam summer sale since it was such a great price, and it has been an immense amount of fun revisiting this game in its remastered form! :)  Definitely a must play for those of you that have not tried it yet."
,Not Recommended,288470,20246837,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hungrychip697,This is far from a remake. Whilst playing the visuals were far less pleasing than what I expected.Anything far away is blurred beyond recognition and my screen tore what I was seeing unless I turned V-sync on which limits you to 60fps.And don’t get me started on the horrible UI in the menu which is extremely painful to use without the aid of a controller.I decided to grab this version as it supports the use of a controller unlike 'The Lost Chapters' which is how I originaly played on the Xbox.I would reccomend 'Fable: The Lost Chapters' over this version if you're wanting to use mouse and keyboard.However if you are not to fussy about the things I've mentioned this may be for you.Game itself (The Lost Chapters) 10/10PC functionality (this port): 3/10Controller highly recommendedEdit: The addition of the Sweet FX mod gets rid of the blur and also enhances alot of other graphical features. Would highly reccomend getting it if you wish to buy this game.
76561198129083872,Recommended,288470,18034790,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,caturdayeveryday,"Timeless, masterpiece of a game. Remastered very well and every bit as good as the original. Your seriously missing out if you haven't played a fable game"
76561198063302779,Recommended,288470,34513644,Posted: 26 August,all,Andrew,"I though this was an excellent game with good graphics, quests, voice acting and a great and unpredictable story."
76561198089487800,Recommended,288470,34481791,Posted: 25 August,all,Illuminutty,"""CHICKEN CHASER"""
76561198054180809,Recommended,288470,35488250,Posted: 5 October,all,sapphirescales,"By far my favorite ""modern"" game ever (not counting classic consoles).  I've put probably 1,000 hours on this game including my XBOX (about 500 hours here on Steam).  Replayability itsn't very good, but the game is so excellent that you just want to play it again and again.  I know literally EVER nook and cranny in this game, every secret, every thing you can possibly discover.  Now I'm going to stop playing it and come back to it in around 10 years so I can experience it all over again.I will say this.  The character graphics in the original are MUCH better.  Sure they're not HD, but they were much better animated.  The characters look like dolls in the anniversary edition.  The only reason why I bought this edition is because it has full controller support.  I'm a PC gamer, but I prefer to use a controller.  Call me old school, but the last time I played a PC game that required a keyboard was in the MSDOS days.  Joysticks, off-brand unofficial controllers, and now the XBOX controller are what I use.  I don't want to memorize 100 different key combinations in order to play, and I typically play from bed so a keyboard isn't good for me."
