user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,288880,11529954,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Avalanchemeh,"Summary (TL;DR): The game is OK. It will (probably) scare you and give you the feeling a horror game should. But if you’re in for a storyline or interesting/innovative gameplay then you’re going to be disappointed with the game.So I just finished playing this game, so my opinion might be heavily influenced by how the game ended. I will try not to spoil anything in the opener, and talk about the game mechanics first.Sound: So at first the sound in the game is alright, the music is there to creep you out and create an atmosphere. However, the music is constantly there and it feels out of place at most times.  At times, the music will get intense as well, and loud noises will come out of nowhere, which again feels out of place most of the time and is overused in my opinion. There are a lot of sounds that are there to disturb you, example at times you’ll hear footsteps near you, or someone “Psst”-ing. Personally I don’t think these are out of place and makes sense to use, and they aren’t really overused to the point where they become an annoyanceGraphics: Graphics were okay, I don’t have anything to add to this since I didn’t really expect AAA game graphics in the first place. Some textures were weird, but it’s nothing to really focus on.Gameplay: Gameplay wasn’t that interesting. Opening the same doors to the same rooms every day, trying to find out which room is going to have any “Action” or events happening in them is not as interesting as it may sound. It was alright the first couple of days when there weren’t that many rooms to look through, but once you unlock almost every door it gets irritating to put up with, because the game basically requires that you re-visit every room every day. If you run around confused for a prolonged time, the person you’re controlling will give you a clue, which is nice, but I still feel like it’s annoying that you have to walk around every room all the time.Level-design: The level design isn’t TOO bad, but it does fall short on some parts. Some rooms connect weirdly, though it does help you getting around the house easily once you have all the doors opened. Still, it’s an annoyance walking around, and you will often find yourself being lost in all the rooms that you can visit, and will probably miss some every now and then. That being said, the rooms were nicely decorated and they helped with the atmosphere.Atmosphere: So I guess we can all agree that atmosphere is the most important thing in a horror game, and Pineview does get away with it pretty nicely I’d say. There are the annoyingly repetitive sounds I mentioned earlier, but if you look past that, the game does succeed in having that horror feel to it. Some of the props helped nicely and were put to good use. Overall I’d say that Pineview does capture a good scary atmosphere and there’s not a lot to really touch on here.Story[No spoilers]: So I decided to split this up in to two, because the story annoys me to no end. It starts off by the main person arriving to the house where some stuff has gone down. Linda, the wife I’m assuming, has died in the house and “No one has survived in the house for 30 days” and you have to find out what happened to Linda. Simple stuff, though from there the story kind of falls short, and I can’t go in to detail without spoiling the game, but you basically find letters scattered around the house that tells you what has been going on in the house back when the incident with Linda happened. That’s it, that’s the basic storyline.Story[SPOILERS]: Right, so moving on, this is where the game falls short and REALLY disappoints me. Note that this section will spoil the entire “Surprise” of the game, so read with caution. During the game you find some notes which help you finding out what happened to Linda, and you find notes explaining what has been going on around the house, like the clown being moved around and then appearing in its original place, and that Linda had been hearing strange noises in the house. Though, the notes doesn’t seem to tell all that much until you start gathering the pieces of a picture, which then reminds the main person about a doll. A doll that is evil, and, assumingly, is buried with Linda. On day 29 you gain access to the cemetery, and enter Linda’s tomb, and in that tomb you’re going to face the game’s biggest disappointment. You’d expect everything to be cleared up, an open ending, or some sort of explanation as to why the house is being haunted, why the clown is moving around, why the scarecrow will chase you, why the shadows of the girls appear at random times or get to know something about Linda’s death. But no. The game ends weirdly, abruptly and in a very strange fashion. As you walk in Linda’s tomb you suddenly find a machine. There’s no explanation as to what this machine does, and you have to turn it on. Once you do, the game ends with a video which I assume is a continued version of the video in the very beginning of the game. This still clears nothing at all, and the machine still feels weirdly out of place.Edit: This is the first time I have actually taken my time to write a lenghty review for a game, and I would love some feedback. Thanks in advance."
,Recommended,288880,11560267,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,AestheticGamer,"Pineview Drive is an indie haunted house simulator with relatively simple gameplay. Over the span of 30 days, you try and find clues to what happened to your wife, Linda, who disappeared without a trace at an old abandoned estate 20 years ago, for your own closure. To accomplish this you must look around the house, find keys, open doors, and experience a variety of scares and spooks.And let me restate this point: This game is a haunted house simulator. It's with these expectations that I think the game is best experienced. It's done in a similar vein to the Ju-On The Curse game or the Haunted House mode in the Fatal Frame 2 Wii Remake. Nothing is coming to attack you, there is no hiding mechanic, no enemies to shoot and kill. Your character is slow, can't jump, and gameplay consists of looking for keys/matches/batteries/notes/locked doors, and experiencing events.On this accord, it does some smart things. Your character does have health even though you're not attacked directly, the health instead is basically responsive to how you react when 'scared' When a scare happens, if you do something with your controls, IE starts shaking your mouse around or suddenly start running or stop running or stop altogether, basically changing the pace of movement you were doing when the scare happens, you'll lose health. How much health you lose is accordant to how extreme/timely your reaction is. This also is all monitored to take note of what you react strongly too and don't and stores that information away to change some minor events. It works well for the most part, though I noticed the game seemingly thinking I was scared of certain events that didn't scare me.And in my opinion the game works, mainly due to the fact the atmosphere of the game is good and some of the scares did legitimately scare the crap out of me. Scares are subjective, but most games don't scare me, so when one game manages to scare me a few times over the course of the game, I take notice. The atmosphere helps a lot towards this, the rooms look appropriately creepy, the music has good variety and can be good to make you unnerved, along with the type of music you sometimes question if the music is the background music or something happening. The game starts off rather slow with little happening, but escalates as the days go on.Some scares and moments are obviously inspired by other things however. They're still effective, but can take away from the moment if you recognize the scare's obvious inspiration. Without spoiling too much, there were two scenes that were very obviously inspired by the film, ""Ringu"", and the game, ""Condemned: Criminal Origins."" And not all scares were winners, many either left me unphased and some were a bit silly.On the flip-side, there was some very unique scares in places and some were handled well, and there's a good variety. There's even a few scares and entities that are randomized and can happen anywhere later in the game as you're exploring. Special mention from me goes to a certain clown and scarecrow...But the game is bogged down by a few problems. Firstly, it's very dark. I had to turn brightness all the way up and it was still super dark. This would be fine, but you don't get your flashlight until a bit into the game, and I found myself stumbling through the dark for a while before I eventually found it. A second flaw is that while new elements get added in scares and the like, the gameplay remains mostly the same, making the later parts sometimes feel rather tedious. On this, in some of the later areas when a lot of the estate is opened up to you, sometimes there's very little indication of where you're supposed to go, leading you to randomly scout rooms to see if you spot any keys or if any events trigger. Spend too long searching, and your character will eventually tell you where to go, but it seems disappointing and not well designed especially since the game at some points does an excellent job at leading you to specific parts of the house with cues, sounds, and graphical things.Also the last area of the game and the ending are slightly confusing and come out of left field, and I found the last area ended up being kind of trial and error with getting past it as it's a bit too harsh on your health and scares to get through all of it.Still, it turned out better than I expected and I enjoyed playing it. It reminded me of a game version of those horror movies about characters stupidly staying at an obviously haunted house that gets worse as time goes on. Some good atmosphere and scares steal the show here, even if not all moments are winners. It's held back by a few problems, but if you want a haunted house simulator to play through, this is a pretty solid effort."
76561198048974498,Recommended,288880,12811292,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,rjmacready,"I am currently unemployed, and sometimes worry that others may be ""right"" when they opine that I should NOT be waking up as late as 3 or 4pm in the afternoon.  I am glad to see that this game has cured me of any such concerns, as our main protagonist, in spite of having set himself a task of exploring a spooky haunted mansion over the course of thirty days, seemingly elects to get up no earlier than 5-5.30pm each and every day (judging by how quickly the sun goes down).  And considering how low he is on flashlight batteries and matches - indeed, did not even think to bring any with him, but as luck would have it, they are intermittently dispersed throughout said mansion - this is perhaps not the wisest of strategies.  Alas, a work ethic is a work ethic, and if he feels he is most efficient at night, I can only empathise.  Like a male ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, it would seem both myself and the hero of Pineview Drive do our best work after dark.  (It's a burden sometimes, but someone must be up to the task.)It would also appear that our protagonist is either an avid horror gamer himself, or failing that, someone aspiring to join the team of the Most Haunted TV series.  Because for whatever reason - ""searching for clues"" which have something to do with his wife, apparently - he gets up every evening, at the crack of sunset, and wanders around the house just HOPING something spooky will happen.  He searches the same rooms, over and over again, night after night, to see what spooky tricks the mansion might have to throw at him THIS time...as sooner or later, one of these spooky events is destined to lead to the finding of yet another KEY.Yes...sigh...it's one of THOSE games.In fact, whereas other horror and/or first-person games intersperse door-locking ""puzzles"" with slight variations on the theme, such as turning cranks or, well, actually solving PUZZLES perhaps, this one pretty much operates on the principle of forever looking for a key which wasn't there five seconds before said spookiness occurred.  Well, okay, sometimes it takes a smidgen longer than five seconds to acquire the key...for example, you might be standing near some windows and hear some creepy childish laughter, and look out the window to see a ghostly young lady on a set of swings outside.  So what does our humble hero do next?  Well, like we all would, he decides it's time to venture outside, into a storm, in the middle of a dark and spooky night, and check out the swings...I mean, we'd all do that, right?  ♥♥♥♥ waiting 'til the next day, and DAY-LIGHT...let's go outside right this second, at a time of optimum eeriness, just so we can unnecessarily scare ourselves ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ whilst obtaining yet another key (which would, presumably, still be there in the morning or afternoon if we'd only wait).This ""logic"" is by no means the worst of the game's problems, however.  Scenarios like the one I just described, while a tad bemusing, are frankly a God-send compared to the numerous bits in the game where you simply HAVE NO ♥♥♥♥ING IDEA WHAT TO DO NEXT.  Fortunately, after about ten or so minutes of fruitless wandering about, your character will eventually muse something aloud like, ""I don't know why, but I have a feeling I should go and check the children's room again""...which, while a bit LATE in coming, would still be something of a God-send IF WE COULD ACTUALLY REMEMBER WHERE THE CHILDREN'S ROOM IS.  If ever a game needed a map...THIS IS THAT GAME; not just to help find a room we know we're specifically looking for, but indeed to save us walking up to almost every single door in the house (which consists of several floors, AND several wings) to see which one our latest key might happen to fit...which is to say, a map could have clearly shown us which doors we HAVEN'T managed to unlock as of yet, narrowing things down a bit.  Something as simple as that could have saved THIS particular gamer, at the very least, a good few hours of unnecessary gameplay, and significantly tightened up the pacing and structure of the game while we're at it.  Wouldn't that have been nice?  Just a thought.Oh, and I haven't yet mentioned the game's supposedly innovative ""fear-detection"" system...which basically adds up to you losing a bit of ""health"" every time you jerk the mouse too suddenly after a scare, or keep the run button held down during such encounters, or...something like that.  Personally, I found this little feature to be almost null-and-void for the first twenty-nine chapters, as I barely ever took ""damage"" anyway.  That is, until Day 30, at which point the balance completely flips in the opposite direction and you can barely even MOVE FORWARD without the game interpreting said ""violent"" motion as sheer-and-utter-horror on your behalf.  It's a bit poorly-executed, in other words, and kinda borderline pointless even if it HAD been flawlessly implemented.  Still, I'm sure it was a nice idea on paper, a bit like the first Amnesia's almost equally pointless ""sanity"" system.  Full points for trying something different, though...Now, if it sounds like I'm giving this game a hard rap, don't believe a second of it.  I actually really, really liked this game.  At least until the bewildering final chapter and the ludicrously baffling final cut-scene which follows it.  Sure the game's a tad long (THIRTY DAYS?  Was it really necessary for us to endure THIRTY DAYS?!), rather repetitive, and not really all that ""scary"" (""spooky"" is definitely the more appropriate word, as it's ultimately more bark than bite)...but other than this, if you were the kind of kid, like yours truly, who used to enjoy wandering around abandoned schoolyards and empty old houses at night in some attempt to try and scare yourself silly, this is the kind of game you can probably get behind.  But be warned:  You really DO need to be that kind of person, who enjoys EXPLORING things, and RE-EXPLORING them, and RE-EXPLORING THEM AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN, or else this is gonna bore you stupid in no time; not least of all because the occasional ""hints"" as to where to go next are generally few and far between.In all fairness, this IS a tiny bit more than just a ""walking simulator"" - you can at least add ""key-finding simulator"", ""door-unlocking simulator"" and ""note-finding simulator"" to that list - but there isn't a great deal more to it than that.  Like any good horror game, it's really just the vaguest semblance of a ""plot"", ultimately serving as an excuse for the game to throw a certain number of super-atmospheric and spooky ""set-pieces"" your way.  If this is the kind of thing you consider entertaining, then by all means, come inside...just remember to wear your halo, though, 'cause THAT's the level of patience you're gonna need to make it all the way to the final cut scene (though if you made it all the way through this rather long-winded review, I guess you're part-way to Sainthood already)!Verdict: 8/10."
76561198079724187,Not Recommended,288880,11506918,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,M42,"I tried to make it through this game in the interest of being open minded and writing a fair review, but it was so mind bogglingly dull I just couldn't take it anymore. The atmosphere and darkness are indeed creepy but the pacing was terrible, and the scares were so laughably unfrightening, few, and far between that it felt like a poor reward for all the aimless circling ( done at a snails pace walk ) to obtain them. I don't mind a slow start but this went on with no clear rise in the pace of activity for 10 agonizingly slow levels. I felt more annoyed than anything as I made my nightly rounds, hoping against hope to stumble across the door behind which something would finally happen quickly. The story is delivered in single sentences and is, so far, too vague and without unity to be engaging. Yeah, yeah, some creepy stuff happened, but there's no character or conflict or mystery or anything motivating me to find out what happens next. If you don't have action or puzzles you have to have a really good story. A game can't sustain interest on atmosphere alone. Perhaps all of these things improve later in the game, but without some kind of hook in the first few levels that teases at something  mysterious or surprising or scary or dramatic etc. I have to presume after 10 levels without change that this is what I can expect from the rest of the game."
,Not Recommended,288880,23968153,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,girldoesrant,"You drive up to a spooky mansion. You enter its spooky gates. You unlock the spooky door. The mechanics are set. You spend the first day in tedium. Looking for unlocked doors to find keys. To unlock doors. To find keys. To unlock doors. To find keys. You stumble around in the darkness like a fitfull drunkard, because the home owners buy their bulbs at discount bulb bulk barn. You find some flashlight batteries. Your character can't figure out how to pick them up without first finding the flashlight. Because your character is an idiot. You find a flashlight. Rejoice! The flashlight casts a bright beam. At last! The flashlight drops one level in power. You're back in the darkness. The flashlight doesn't understand how to flashlight. Two minutes later, it burns out completely. You had one job, flashlight. Find batteries. Replace batteries. Spend flashlight battery power looking for more batteries.There's spooky stuff happening. But who cares because you can't see it. Spooky stuff repeats. The ghosts are annoyed you're not paying attention to them. You visit rooms. You look for keys. You re-visit rooms. You unlock doors. You find more keys. You re-re-visit rooms. You un-lock doors. You re-re-revisit rooms. You trigger some arbitrary event. You go to sleep. You wake up and realize you have to do it all over again. You walk out the front door and leave."
76561198032418107,Not Recommended,288880,14439267,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Sinuyan,"Please not buy this game, it starts out good but then youre just walking through the same rooms over and over, day after day, with so little light it hurts your eyes. By the end I never wanted to play this game again. And if youre thinking the ending will be worth it, i will save you a great deal of wasted time and tell you now it is not at all worth it. In any way. At all.TL;DRDONT BUY!!! WASTED TIME!!!!! WASTED MONEY!!!!!You've been warned :)"
,Not Recommended,288880,11596599,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Sweet Dee,"If you want to see it as a demo of a new horror game mechanism, Pineview Drive is great and could definitely be worth a try. If you're a veteran horror fan and will do anything for a few seconds of real in-game fear, I promise you that you'll get your scares in the first few hours--that alone might be worth the $15 price tag. But as a stand-alone game, judged against other indie horror games out there, Pineview Drive is probably not worth playing. The first few nail-biting days in the mansion had me really optimistic about what was coming next. But the tedious gameplay (plan to walk through pretty every room in the house, multiple times, every day, looking for keys or journal entries), the overused scares, and the lack of a compelling story quickly drained both fear and enjoyment from my experience. The developers themselves defend the lack of story, posting the following in the Steam forums:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorWe are sorry, but this game don´t has a typical ending like ""ok look this is the end of the story now and everything was clear from the beginning"". The game wants you to come up with own ideas of what really happend.The problem with a philosophy like this is that it only makes sense if there is enough material in the game for the player to come up with their own version of events (think Home or even Gone Home). This haunted house has little personality of its own, and feels more like being in an amusement park ride than in an actual place with a history. For example, there was one random event that had my character trapped in a room full of clocks, and the ticking seemed to be driving him insane. All the clocks were set to 5:00. Did something happen at 5:00? Is that when I could have killed my wife, or when...something happened? No, it turns out that it was just another random scare, and the clocks were only set to 5:00 because that's where they stall at the end of each day. And I never did find out what my character had done or what happened to him. The events at the end of the game didn't reveal anything.For an example in contrast: in haunted-house games like Amnesia (both Frictional's original and thechineseroom's sequel), not only is there a coherent story, there are general themes that add to your experience of the environments. Exploitation, torture, loss of children, surveillance, monstrous industry...the simple events of the game are darkly colored by the way your imagination slowly mulls over these ideas as you play. You won't find any deep story elements like that in Pineview Drive. The scary sound is just a scary sound, the scary doll is just a scary doll, and you can be scared or not be scared in the moment--but this isn't a game where you take the fear with you, a game that leaves you lying awake at night, unable to move on to pleasant dreams.So much wasted potential in this game, which could have been something memorable with an overhaul of the key-hunting gameplay and some love from a writer who cares about telling a good story. I hope the developers learn from this experience and continue to work with their fear mechanic, because it does have a lot of potential. (However, it's also currently imbalanced, making the last day of the game almost impossible to complete.)"
,Not Recommended,288880,11543609,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,[TPZ] Cereal Killer,"About The Game:Pineview Drive is a game that is designed to be a story driven thriller, it's designed to make you think that something isn't quite right and that if you round the next corner something may jump out at you. In most cases this is correct & every door is a new gateway into hell.While this game is designed on Horror there's nothing in it that can physically hurt your character, there is only mental tricks that can end the game & in a majority of those cases the game pulls this off quite well with its sharp and shrill audio tones, it's nice graphics during the day and night & many other things that this game did well to capture the immersion.It's a rather enjoyable experience & it's also quite a long experience with 30 days to play through & each of those days becomes a little more intense.The Review:Pineview Drive is a well paced & well designed peice of Software that performs nicely & manages to capture you with it's good horror designs but it's story is pretty average.There are so many things that were good and bad about this game but where to start?For starters i think we should get the story out of the road.The Story:The Story has you (the main character) attempting to figure out what happened to your wife and why she went missing at the Mansion.Maybe it was something i missed or maybe because by the end of the game things felt a bit meh & i stopped caring so much but i was still left not understanding what the hell happened to her. All i got was a cinematic of you holding something and her running away into the forest, is this supposed to explain to me what happened? Cause it's done a bad job explaining.Overall the story is pretty poor, but what about the rest of the game?The Gameplay:The gameplay of this game is very similar to other Horror games you are required to find different keys and items to help you progress in the game, but here's where things change a bit unlike general Horror Games this one doesn't rely on monsters to scare you it rely's on your reactions to random noises or ghostly figures to do the damage rather than a monster chasing you down the corridor and needing to hide.Although this mechanic is good and worked well, this game really needed more to it rather than just reaction avoidance. Most of the time i'd rather have reacted to the thing that made the noise and relied on it to scare me rather than ""oh something made a noise better not look or it'll cause me to lose sanity"". They could have REALLY done something great here and instead of just losing health with no signs of what caused it, they could used these ques to generate a random Ghost or something of that nature to terrify the player. (Really disappointed about that).The dark atmosphere in this game is superb but it was lacking a few things here and there that could've made the game better, the more you played the game the more obvious it become that things weren't going to change up much after the power goes out and you have to rely on the Flashlight or Matches to light candles. This would have been PERFECT if and only IF you used the power outage much later in the game when things started to get more scary.One thing this game did pretty nicely was the fact that it made sure you didn't miss the bigger scares because every night you had to find the biggest scares to progress further and collect the valuable keys you needed to open locked doors and find the diary entries. (Good Idea!)The Good:This game had potential to be something more and sometimes it showed like the new feature of using just scares to make you go insane rather than using a random monster.Or it's unique idea of not just relying on jump scares all the time but actually making sure you're getting scared by forcing you to endure them to find the keys.Using a pretty normal setting not like most settings and making it creepy with atmosphere and not just a run down old building.The Bad:Not branching out much and after a while things got pretty repeatative, not enough variation with the scares.Around about the last 5 days things seemed to start being rushed it took maby a minute to complete them from 25 - 29, 3 of the days from 26 - 29 involved finding a peice of photo with absolutely no new scares to endure between finding them? Come on seriously it's meant to be a horror game not a find and seek game.Removing players use of interactive light switches too early in the game to increase the scare factor before things actually started to get scary, it would have been better removed after the scary stuff really began around day 15 or so.No clues as to where you are supposed to go or what you're meant to be doing until the clock reaches 5:00AM it really doesn't help, try adding a quick vocal que to the beginning giving the player just a little hint as to what they should be doing.It changed from day to night really quickly, like 2 minutes of day and about 20 minutes of night or so, and once you reach a certain point in time at about 5:00AM ingame time the clock just stops, you really could have used this feature much better and made it a time limit, if you missedthe deadline then you miss part of the story and won't get the full picture of what happened.The Verdict:Although i did enjoy the experience of this game it's going to receive a very low score because there was just so much more i expected from this and didn't end up receiving it.I give this game a 5/10 because while it brought something new and interesting to try & experience there was just too late here to warrent anything more than a 5.There was scares, i did jump a few times but more often than not i ended up just walking around going ""Oh was that meant to be scary?"" As i said earlier in the review instead of expecting people to not react to the games scares you should have expected them to react and then used this to generate a more terrifying experience.While the game had beautiful graphics for the most part, it was a bit lacking in other parts the lighting and the atmosphere during the night was great & the transition between day and night was beautiful to watch.Do I Recommend This Game?:I find it hard to recommend this game due to the fact that there was just so many things that could have been there to make it a more enjoyable experience but for the most part it was just lacking in things to make it scary.If you think you'll enjoy it then give it a go but don't expect much unless you're easily scared."
,Recommended,288880,11506767,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Poods,Played it for 30 minutes.It has good tension and sound but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this game awful.Spent 30 minutes looking for keys that seemed just randomly places in different rooms. OVER AND OVER.Doesn't help that you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥in the darkness which makes the searching for keys all the more FUN.This game is not worth your time or money.
,Recommended,288880,22040269,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Sonozaki,First of all: I want to like the game even though it is hard to do so sometimes.StoryYou playing a man who wants to discover what happend to his wife in the 'Pineview Drive' mansion 20 years ago. She is gone since then and you want to recover your lost memories.People say no one survived more then 30days in the house since then.Let the fun begin.GameplayVery atmospheric but ♥♥♥♥ the gameplay seriously...You ran around the house for 30days searching for goddamn keys to unlock one of the 'thousands' doors to continue the story. Sometimes you get a little advise by your protagonist so you know where you have to look... when you can remember the goddamn room he meant.The jumpscares/scares are pretty good in this one and they will get you mostly when you do not expect them. The sounds and noises in this game are creepy as hell. A scratch there a 'psst'there you really never feel safe until you found the clue that leads into the next day.So the game isn't bad but sometimes the contra points annoy you too much.Played it during the last days together with a buddy because Steam Cloud deleted our previous progress and damn this game is fun (-minus the key search) till it comes to the end. I rage quitted it. Going to finish it but for me the end killed the whole fun for me then.Edit: We finished it and it was pretty good overall.
76561198013274120,Not Recommended,288880,11542264,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,redherring,"I am mixed on this one. While I found certain aspects to be unique, I found most of the game to be boring and not scary at all. Running around trying to find keys and notes got tedious after day 6. I was hoping for some new challenges and puzzles after this point but they never came.  The story line was never a story but merely just a prod to keep you feeling engrossed. I played til the end and was more dissapointed at myself for playing along with the game hoping things got better. They never did. The concept was good but somehow I did not feel entertained. Rather, I felt imprisoned by trying to justify why I just spent $15."
,Not Recommended,288880,11571756,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Depressyv,"If you like Amnesia or Outlast: DO NOT buy this GameI did not finish the game yet and I don't know if I ever will, cause it's always the same.Find a key -> check all the doors -> find more keys -> check more doors -> find a note and the day is done. That's it. Every single day.It's like an atmospheric ""Where's Waldo"" game including some scares here and there, but it's totally not worth the money."
76561198131393059,Recommended,288880,13210413,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ScareCAT,"This is an amazing first person ghost-horror story/adventure. Though I thought at first it was a bit slow, it crept up on me like a storm and before I realized it,  I was actually frightened and obsessed with finishing. Few games have interested me as much as this one (Outlast and Slender The Arrival compare with strength of story). If you are into First Person Shooter games or lots of gore, this one isnt for you. However if you value story and substance as well an an ever increasing sense of dread, this game is for you.  Lastly, this game is long compared to some of the others I have recently played. I enjoyed it for over a week while other games I can finish in a night or so.  I hope this team makes more  games similar to this one."
,Recommended,288880,11791167,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Dental Plan,"Not quite finished with this game as I only play late night and can only play 2 nights a week. This is without a doubt one of the best horror games I've played thus far. Granted you are only in one house and the surrounding area but what you experience is quite terrifying.The game says it tailors the experience to what scares you the most and I certainly believe it delivers on those scares. The sounds, graphics, shadows and the lighting are all amazing.The only thing I really don't like about it is the fetching, but it does give you subtle hints at the start and during each day.Can you make it through all 30 days?"
76561198007380040,Recommended,288880,13430984,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,jagodown,"This game has amazing atmosphere and is truly an awesome experience but there are things about this game that cripple it for me. For one they need to put in a REAL day/night cycle. The one in this game is fake, no other way to put it. It's also very, very, dark. When most of the game is played at night its extreamly hard to see anything infront of you. They released a prequel to this where the problem was fixed and worked very well!This game has great potential and shows the skill of the developers but theres problems in the gameplay that make the experience more frustrating than fun. But uniquely horrifying non the less :)"
76561198140890021,Recommended,288880,13249497,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Horizonblue,"Only been playing for a couple of hours but I like it, it has its spooky parts but the keys can sometimes be annoying to figure out where they go. Other than that, good game."
,Recommended,288880,11647976,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Ruiner,im on the fence in this one. it got very boring at times. running around the same hallways looking for something different or changed 29 times gets old. its tense though. they did a good job on making it seem like a haunted environment.
76561197969749884,Recommended,288880,25450239,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"One of the better horror games I have played in a long while. Graphics are pleasing, sound is superb, atmosphere is amazing.Only the gameplay itself it quite tedious, as you are running around in the mansion for so many days, getting key after key and then running down the entire building again to see which door you'll be able to open afterwards.But even with that repetition, the atmosphere absolutely delivers a great mixture of jumpscares as well as a steadily more and more creepy atmosphere.I do defenitely recommend."
,Recommended,288880,13623197,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dienes,"Pineview Drive is all about being alone at night in a haunted mansion. Even though this sounds like an overused scenario, the game makes use of some clever scares.If you like house exploration, almost no story and creepy atmospheres (think Gone Home), this is for you. If you hate searching for tons of keys opening tons of doors, walking in pitch black rooms and not being able to fight, this is not for you."
,Recommended,288880,12169108,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Maelstrom,"This game is a giant mind screw from start to finish.  On its face you're investigating a spooky old mansion to find out what happened to your wife 20 years ago.  You are confronted with all manner of spookyness and only nerves of steel will see you through the end.... and nerves of steel is all you need.  Is there anything truly there, or are you just imagining it all?  Perhaps you are just dreaming, or hallucinating.  The Gainax ending certainly doesn't clear anything up.  Is it survival horror?  Or is it a deconstruction of survival horror?  Perhaps it is both.So even though I know most people won't like this game, I'm still going to recommend it, just because it's such a brain bender."
,Recommended,288880,13653575,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,QuickShift,"Someone sent me a text while i was playing this game and the ringer volume on my phone was maxed out, i♥♥♥♥♥♥myself.Suzanne ( the name i gave to the ghost lady ) keeps psssttting me, i pssstt back at her.Phone's wouldent stop ringing in the house, i couldn't even.If you're debating on buying this game but you're too iffy, check out my DAY 6 video, this games deffinitly worth it, sound effects are on point!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuVWllWVnKE&list=UUGETXX2vrz8qYh-izs4ZteAPlease don't♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself, as i did many times... I had to change after the recordings...Have fun, hope this helped!I still have 27 more days to go till i beat it... ♥♥♥♥ me :'("
76561197963164050,Not Recommended,288880,11565290,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,NighT WolF,"This game reminds me of the windows labyrinth screensaver with some interactive elements included. Finding keys, finding doors, finding notes, finding batteries, finding matchsticks... that ""game"" is a pure searching simulator. Don't get fooled like me by the screenshots. After you're in the game it becomes night within a few minutes and after that, you stumble around in the darkness. On the pictures it looks like a nice and decent adventure. But there is NOTHING which really kept me interested in the story or what will happen next. After a few minutes most players (like me) will get so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by searching the next key/note/door/whatever that they start running around and the atmosphere dies completly.It wouldn't be so bad if there would be at least a pattern... something that makes any sense. But everything is scattered around at pure random. After you finally find the note (which are useless and give you nothing), the day ends and drags you out of the game and the next day is like the day before. You start again searching in every room, every corner until you finaly give up and the game gives you a clue, where to look. Great.How the game determines wether you are scared or not is a pure joke. If you just slightly move your mouse during an event or you run, that guy freaks out and gets an heart attack. The prank only works, because you will get bored and don't even expect that anything will still happen at all. Even then you will be more surprised than scared.The only really scarry thing about this game is, how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it looks and still chew up your hardware. If you really want to play it, buy it now, while it is on sale. But for 20 bucks? Forget it.Besides, if you want to play a good horror adventure, try Scratches. That game works even at daylight and still gives me some shivers. Aaand it is also much cheaper."
,Not Recommended,288880,11556876,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,PsiSyn,This game can suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥ 0/10
,Recommended,288880,28807924,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Yldrania,"Pineview Drive in its essence is one of the most atmospherically frightening games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. With its constantly tense background music and random spikes in sound effects and melody, it coninuously keeps the player on edge throughout the first half of the game.However, after the first 15 days the game becomes very repeatative and the lack of storyline or variety of sound and music as well as the jumpscares lose their effect. I must say, the second half of the game was hardly even startling despite the occasional jumpscare. The flashlight is also ridiculously dark with an extremely short battery life, making navigating the endless maze of the mansion in its extreme darkness almost impossible at times.All in all, it's a good game but not nearly as good as it could be due to its lack of story, direction and variety.Here's my full playthrough for anyone who's interested (Link to playlist):https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYzlb9Rw0iBSMD7P3VizClX3FA3Il8myA"
76561197971696450,Recommended,288880,21135868,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,EYEBOT,"One major scary game,nothing says more then looking for an sound in the tall grass.Then all of sudden lightning flashes,just as I turn to look up and see an scare crow looking down on me! Took me more then 30 mins to get an grip and come back to the game.Need more additional content please! Keep the terror coming!"
,Not Recommended,288880,14999570,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,BlueAlopex,"Do you like playing games on finding out which key goes to which door, constant back and forth? Do you like running around waiting for♥♥♥♥♥♥to happen or trigger so you can continue with the damn story? Or do you like games that are not scary AT ALL and resorts to cheap jump scares? THEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!BUT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, DO NOT SPEND $19.99 FOR THIS GAME![/b]It is only worth while if it's free, otherwise you are wasting your time! I'm sure this developer really did try at making this game entertaining, but it falls soooo short it hurts."
,Not Recommended,288880,15059249,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"At first this indie horror game is surprisingly pleasant and scary indeed, as you find yourself in the secluded house surrounded by the darkness filled with unsettling rustlings and weird murmurs. But as soon as you realise how the game works, it all immediately becomes boring and predictable. You walk in circles through the same dark rooms, meeting from time to time the same cliched jump scares. This is the exact description of the gameplay.Oh, and the ending here is nonexistent. But there is a doll. A doll, really?"
,Recommended,288880,28902592,Posted: 1 January,all,Itama,"The thing with this game is, it sucks, if you don't have proper sound output.But when you play it with good headphones, this game is more scary than Outlast (yep i played it right before i started this game)Outlast was a really good game, don't get me wrong, but after a while i wasn't scared.Here it's totally different, the father I get into this game, the more and more scarier it gets for some reason. It's because you never know what's coming next and when. No, this game is not full of Jumpscares, they sure are some in it, but they are mostly well done in my opinion. It's more about the Atmosphere, Music and Ambience.So All in All, the gameplay lacks a bit, you are always walking around, searching for the next key to open the next door, but if you want to get a game, which gets you on your limit with it's creepy atmosphere, GET IT!BUT Remember! ONLY PLAY THIS GAME WITH PROPER HEADPHONES, otherwise you won't get the full experience. THE SOUND, MUSIC AND AMBIENCE IS EVERYTHING IN THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,288880,20228664,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,RAIZO,"10/10 would become a blind cave salamander again!!Absolutely under no circumstances should you buy this game for the full asking price.  Actually, it may be best that you avoid it all together unless you like making yourself go blind while trying to see in perpetual darkness.How is this possible you ask?  I'll tell you.  Early on, the power goes out and stays out.  Good, considering that it was all but useless to begin with as the lights weren't very effective and would have to be turned back on constantly. Of course you still have matches, but seeing as how the candles are virtually as useless as the lights were for illuminating Pineview Drive's various rooms and hallways, that's a 'no go' too.  Wait, there's still the flashlight - thank god!  No, scratch that, it's just about the most useless thing you'll ever have the misfortune of using in any game as the batteries run out in like 30 seconds and the fractional amount you can still make use of makes a cave environment bright and sunny by comparison.Then there's the 'key quest' the developers force you to go on each day; a day that begins 1 min. before nightfall, so you guessed it....time to go blind all over again, day-in, day-out. Also, there's the convoluted story which makes no sense and the lame jump scares which are only moderately creepy when they work right; otherwise, they're just annoying. About the only good thing going for this game is some decent sound effects/music and the achievements and trading cards."
,Recommended,288880,21370769,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,that guy you may or may not like,"Love it. I was baised to this game because of the gameplay I watched before, and because of the trailers luring me in. Amazing graphics, and in-depth backstory, realistic for the most part, and really brings out the feeling of insanity with that health bar, it gives you a challenge and a puzzle to do on most of the nights, which in my eyes, makes it better than most other games I played. Totally worth my twenty bucks you guys, keep up the great work! :D"
76561198009893503,Recommended,288880,11813438,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Charmefis,"So I was looking at this game for quite a few days considering if I was gonna buy it or not, and the only thing that kept me from actually getting it was all the negative reviews that was posted on it.I did however decide to get it and see what the game had to offer and by now I have put quite a few hours into the game. I am gonna be completely honest and neutral when I say that this game has received more thumbs down in the review section on Steam that it deserved.Yes the story in the game is not great and it does leave you with a lot of questions in regard to why you are staying inside a haunted house searching for your wife that went missing 20 years ago. And to be honest if I had not read the game description before playing I would never have guessed the story at all.HOWEVER!This game is not ment to be played for its story. The game itself has an amazing atmosphere that makes you aware of your surroundings and most of time it is not the scares, but the atmosphere itself that keeps you coming back.Don't get me wrong, the game does have scary elements and they are VERY well placed in the game. The scares are unpredictable and suprises you every step of the way and the best of all; ""The scares are awesome and not cheap!"".And not to mention that freaking ***** that makes me too scared to pass him every time a need to go through a certain hallway...BUT BE WARNED!The story is not the only bad thing about the game because there are quite a few other things that could definitely get improved which I will go over.First of all as soon as I started playing this game I noticed my FPS dropped constantly between 24-34 FPS on highest quality while I was recording with my screen recorder (should probably mention that screen recorders does tend to decrease the FPS a bit when active). I did need to tinger a bit with the quality settings before i could get a 33-44 FPS.I can play Crysis 3 with 3 times better FPS on ultra settings, and trust me, this is not a hardware problem!My PC has a:- i7 4770k core processor- GeForce GTX 780 graphics card- 16GB RAMThe second issue I found with the actual gameplay itself is the objectives inside the game. A lot of people reviewing this title is calling it a ""Open door simulator"" and they are definitely not wrong. The entire gameplay is you finding keys so you can unlock new doors that allows you to start a new day.But don't get discouraged, even with these faults I still believe this is a great game and if you are looking for a horror game that simulates a haunted house this is definitely a game worth getting. The whole time I was sucked into it and because of the variety of the scares I never felt each scare was remotely similar to eachother. If you are willing to go through the process of collecting keys then this game will definitely be worth it!"
,Not Recommended,288880,13634423,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,jovtoffie,"This game creeps you out. It's good. But not great. Even for people afraid of the dark, as well as people seemingly without fear alike, could get bored pretty soon if the game developers don't fix the unnatural lighting of the game engine rendering ""dark room"" or ""night"" scenes. Even with all settings set to full it disappoints at moments. Day-time outside  lighting is great. But if they could fix the unnatural lighting in the ""dark"", the game would be even better than it is now, and it's not too bad. It's okay. I'm just saying you're not supposed to see a lit wall or anything illuminated without light source beaming on it."
76561198118539187,Recommended,288880,11569460,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Shendril,"A quite elaborate review for Pineview Drive, TL:DR at the bottom. Enjoy!Pineview Drive provides an interesting approach on the whole horror scenario, although the setting is quite classic:There is this huge mansion, strange stuff is going on there, no one knows exactly what it is just that nobody survived longer than 30 days. And now it's up to you to enter the house, solve the mystery and stay alive until day 30 and beyond...The MechaniX (minor spoilers!):The biggest asset of Pineview Drive is, as you might already know, the 'Punished for Panic' mechanic, that actually works quite nice especially since it also provides a 'Reward for Relax' function. This means, the game will try to scare you, and the further you get into it, the more creative it gets. If you get scared or shocked, you will lose lifeforce (basically hitpoints) and the game turns the screw a little tighter on you. Playing in total darkness with a headphone is definitely not recommended for the faint hearted player. On the other hand, if you remain calm, you will slowly regenerate and your character will relax.The PlayZ:The gameplay revolves around finding keys, unlocking rooms and gathering small bits of information about the mystery engulfing this cursed building. Whenever you find another clue the game advances to the next day and saves your progress. Finding those keys can be quite time consuming and will require a lot of backtracking. A good sense of direction and orientation is more than helpful, since there will be no minimap to guide you.Apart from keys you will also find matches and batteries to help you, since you will be playing mostly at night, and the game provides a nice variety of light sources (see The TechniX). The game also offers a helpful clue-system that points you in the general direction whenever you are completely lost or running into the utterly wrong direction. These clues come in the form of your character dropping a line in the form of 'Didn't I xxxxx something in that xxxxx place?' and will help you finding the next objective.Keeping a watchful eye on your surroundings to actually find the objectives is up to you, of course, although objects are highlighted to make them easier to spot, once you are close.The TechniX:My first impression on the technical performance were slightly disappointing, since the game seems to have framerate issues due to its programming. Cranking all details up to max might result in a laggy performance, even if you sport a powerful system. Also the textures are not as High-Res as you might be used from other triple-A titles and some objects definitely look a bit cheaply designed. The overall graphic appearance is still solid, and I have seen Indie-Games that looked far worse (not counting the ones that actually want to have a 8/16-Bit look).What the graphic engine does great is the light-sourcing!Since you will be surrounded by semi-darkness most of the game, the use of lightsources and options plays an important part in your gameplay. A single, bright source of light will cast extreme shadows, and I have oftend found myself in a situation, where a single flickering candle is rather emphasizing the darkness, then keeping it at bay. Sometimes the moonlight and weather-effects are more than enough light to get around, instead of using the lightswitch and plunging half a room  in pitchblack darkness.So what about the audios?This is where Pineview Drive really shines. From heavy breathing to creaking floortiles, the developers sure know how to use sound to make you feel uneasy! A creepy background soundtrack also helps to create the tensed athmosphere that empowers the basic 'don't get scared'-catch of the game.And the controls?Using the mouse to look around while moving with your standard WASD is something you should be used to, although I miss an option to rebind the keys and most of all an 'always run' option, since holding down the left shift-key for hours can be a pain in the ... especially since the movement without shift is dreadfully slow and rarely neccessary. There is also E to use/pickup stuff, F-lashlight on/off and R-eload batteries.TL:DR - The ConclusionZ:Pineview Drive is a nice House of Horrors game, that focusses on athmosphere instead of throwing zombies and skeletons at you. Keeping calm in surprise-situations is key to surviving the 30 day plot that will take around 8-9 hours to beat.The graphic is not the finest and slightly Low-Res in places, although the lightsourcing and weather effects are solid work. Some optimization might be needed/patched to solve the framerate issues. Therefore the soundeffects are nice and scary.Approx. 20€ at fullprice might be bit overpriced for some, but getting it on a steam-sale should be worth your money.Hope this review helped you in your decision, feedback is much appreciated.Don't get scared!Shendril"
,Recommended,288880,13737627,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Majin,Door Opener Simulator: A lot of backtracking Edition.
,Recommended,288880,29211322,Posted: 12 January,all,ArcadiaBliss,"When I first got the game it was basically unplayable. Very low frames, lighting problems, skipping, etc... I was also playing on a computer that is basically a potato plugged into the wall. Eventually got a gaming PC built with a good graphics card and all my problems were gone. Seeing all of the reviews that scream ""UNPLAYABLEEE!11!!"" make me think that its the computer and not the game.Now that I can actually play it, the game is great. Spoopy jumpscares and the music keeps me on edge the entire time. I noticed a lot of the jumpscares seem to be random which is great! Keeps it unexpected. The ending IS a little odd and out of place, but whatever. I still like the game. Atmosphere is great."
76561198031235256,Recommended,288880,26442611,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,scott1,"The game has the best atmosphere of any horror game I have ever played and it has plenty of good scares to keep you entertained. However, the game is a bit slow and can be frustrating when your navigating the house looking for the keys. Also the game is really dark and it makes it hard to see with out a flashlight... I really hope they change this in the the squeal. Overall it's a great game and well worth a try."
,Recommended,288880,32231708,Posted: 6 June,all,girlwithapony,"The things I liked: The atmosphere, sound effects, and unlock and explore style of the game were really conducive to the overall creepy factor of the game. Finding keys, turning the corner and being spooked by ghosts or inanimate objects; all these things plus a great selection of sounds really paired well with the graphics of the house and yard to give you suspense each time you opened a new door.What I didn't like: Let's start with the worst of it, the ending. You spend hours playing through all these clues and rooms and it's all about finding your lost wife then you get to the end and it makes ZERO sense and ties in with the house and story in no way. The ending played out really fast and gave no explanations and I was let down big time. Another thing, the darkness. Almost no game play is done in any sort of daylight or house lighting. The dark really becomes monotonous  after you've already established a creepy, empty house and you have to work nearly the entire game in the dark with very very poor light sources (that you must renew, so good luck with that). Also, my particular version had a glitch about it that I was unable to pan and travel at the same time, which was really annoying. I had to move forward, stop, pan to whatever object I wanted, then move again accordingly. That could have been updated, not sure.In general, the gameplay isn't terrible. If you really like a suspenseful and creepy game that's mostly all exploration and collecting things, then you will really like this, despite its terrible ending and eye straining darkness."
,Not Recommended,288880,11590900,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,frickenate,"My first impression of the game and its concept was good. It's rare that a game has made me jump in my seat more than once, and at least for me this game delivered that. At first I enjoyed the environment and didn't overly mind the game mechanics.Unfortunately, there are a few negative aspects to the game that result in the kind of frustration that can make one give up and quit. I did just that, on day 14 in-game. I left when the game turned into ""Door Unlocking in the Dark Simulator"".1. The complete lack of lighting. Candlelight is useless in the corridors, as they don't light up more than a 2-foot radius. You can't see anything by them, their purpose is limited to a marker as a point of reference to run toward. The flashlight batteries don't last long enough, which was the deal-breaker that made me walk away as an unsatisfied customer. Once the flashlight runs out, it becomes physically impossible to progress in the game. I'm on a MacBook Pro Retina, and no combination of screen brightness or in-game brightness setting allows me to see even one foot in front of me. I'm literally locked in a black screen with no idea if I'm standing in front of a door or a wall. This ruined the entire game - the flashlight should be infinitely powered, simple as that. With the flashlight it's still dark enough to be spooky, but you can at least see where you're going.2. Too many doors with no in-game tracking of what is going on. Not all gamers have great spacial awareness and the fantastic memory required to remember exactly which doors are still locked, let alone where every single door leads. Once the house really begins to open up around day 10, I completely lost all sense of the house's layout and the ability to navigate. You would think that running around the layout over and over again would ingrain the map in your mind, but at least for me this was not the case - it's just too much all at once to keep track of. Bare minimum, a door should be visibly marked as either locked or unlocked without having to try to open it. Even better, add an in-game map that shows the layout as well as the status of all doors.3. I have never, ever - ever! - played a game where you had to permanently hold down a key on the keyboard in order to play. The character's walking speed is abysmal - it is mandatory to hold down SHIFT every second you play to get the character to ""run"" (aka, walk at a normal pace). There should at least be a setting to inverse the walk/run speeds (ie: option to make character fast by default, hold shift to walk).4. Far too often, there is absolutely no clue given about where you should look next. You wander around the entire house checking nearly every room until your character finally gives in and states something like ""I think I heard water running in the bathroom"", when there was never an auditory cue of running water. Same for ""noises from the chess room"", and a few others. Overall, I think this game would have benefited a lot from a little more leading of the story, rather than expecting us to run around constantly looking for that ""one thing"" happening somewhere in the house. I think the developer probably considers this the ""mystery"" element to the game, having to hunt through every room over and over again. The problem is it isn't fun, and only serves to stretch out game play.I'd say this game would be good for gamers who have unlimited patience, those who have never quit a game out of frustration after being expected to do the same thing over and over again with very little progress. You also need to be comfortable playing in a completely dark environment (not just dark, but pitch black), where the only visual aid you get is a red outline around actionable objects.I wish I could praise this game for being clever and unique, but I paid $20 and made it less than halfway through the game. At that point, I ran out of flashlight batteries and was left with a game where I have a black screen and red outlines around doorknobs and candlesticks. Not my idea of a good time."
76561198075226703,Recommended,288880,17702382,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,xXNineLivesXx,id say get this game on sale. why to play slender crow and run like hell. othere than that it is scary as hell and seems to me that they are still improving on it so the game isent dead at all like most. would be nice if they added hazards not just to jump scare but a reason to be scared like ... something like things that could get you each night. like death by clown or killed by a statue or something like that that may or may not kill you... or just scare the crap out of you and i do hope the devs read this cause you devs have all sorts of ideas like shadow monsters/ dark beings ects.
,Not Recommended,288880,19644758,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,This Is Dark Wolf,"I am trying so hard to like this game. I really am. It's so difficult to really like a game that has obvious repition. Just running around the mansion like a chicken with its head off, frustrated by so many locked doors, and just collecting keys. Lemme explain what its really like to play this game.Day 1: Oooooh a Mansion...Ok collect this key...Open this door...find a note... Okay! Next day!Day 2 and onward: Collect key, find a door among 30 doors that fit it, find another key in the room, find the door that fits it among the rest of the doors, find page... Next day. Wait for a hint cue where to trigger a jump scare so a key appears, find the door that fits it among more doors that are locked, find page, next day... Search every room you been in for jump scare trigger, collect the key that appears after, find the door that fits it among more f&@&#^ing doors, find another key, another door, get page, next day, random jump scare, get key, door, page, next day, jump scare, key, door, key, page, next day...That's essentially the game. The game does get interesting. Lights get cut off. But there is no danger of running around in the dark without lighting candles or having your flashlight on. I am only on day 16 and its wearing me out with continous reptition and obvious triggers. Waiting for a hint from the protagonist so you know where the hell to go. Also you know where to go, because with all the running around you do, you'll know the huge mansion from front to back. Because you are checking every damn door to see if your key fits it.The sound design is the highlight of the game. It has a very scary atmosphere. But with better execution this would be such a better game. Its demo that is free is so much better, even though all you do in the demo is walk, not make much noise, and hope the hands don't get you, and kill you... This game however is a painstaking effort of running around, collecting keys, opening doors, triggering jump scares to get another key, waiting for subtle hints from the protagonist, getting a page, and going to the next day.Get this game only if that doesn't bother you what so ever. Other then that, I cannot recommend it. It starts to lose its charm only a few days in. Those who recommend the game sees the redeeming qualities and seem to tolerate the repitious nature of the game.Added Note:I've beaten the game. Story makes no sense really. Jump Scares kill you making the 30th day almost impossible to finish. But not impossible, I mean, I beat it.Spoilers but Helpful Advice:The clown pops in random rooms, reducing your health bar. As well as the scarecrow if you look at him while he is behind you, especially when your behind a window on the bottom floor. Also the girl when she pops up at random reduces your health bar, the cat reduces health, as well as the rats. Which are random in each room. So its unfair nonsense. First horror game I ever played where Jump Scares kill you... Really stupid mechanic."
,Recommended,288880,11536872,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Helena.candy♡™,"This game is an interesting, not amazing but not bad. Sometimes really scary :D I enjoy this game."
76561198036732067,Recommended,288880,13082858,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,SusieQ,"I enjoyed this game.  It's not hard, it's not long.  It's very similar to Outlast and Amnesia: The Dark Descent.  You are basically finding keys to open doors, finding pieces of paper to end the levels, which are very short.  Batteries and matches to light your way.  The ambience is what makes the game.  Flashes, creepy noises, scary clown that has a fun horn to squeak, lol.  It's 30 days, worth playing.  I would recommend this game to anyone that enjoyed Amnesia and Outlast."
,Recommended,288880,13306881,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,MRCRUCIAL,"game was repetitive, but the atmosphere was amazing, im not sure if that makes up for lack of items and actual playing area. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,288880,15822829,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Harkenstein,"It looks good. It has nice atmosphere. It has nice sounds. It's nice to try to figure out what's happened and what's happening....and then you realize it. You're just doing same thing over and over again. You wake up, open doors, walk through same rooms over and over again trying to find keys which are magically appearing somewhere in those rooms you have searched dozens times already in previous days. Occasionally you find new rooms which offer nothing new, really, only more rooms to research in following days.  In one of the rooms you (either new ones or old ones) you find next page of the story. When it will appear it ends the day. Sometimes you see something strange or hear something strange. That's all.One day you just realize that you don't care that much about story that you bother to do that over and over again, walking from room to room, slowly, very slowly. There's not that much interest to find out how the story will end. Which is shame. Game could have been really good if there were genuine puzzles instead of walking around."
76561198073266140,Not Recommended,288880,25776608,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[BWNY] MutinyBri,If you are looking for a key finding simulator this is the game for you. Bonus: It's so frustrating and boring you'll never get scared in horror games again.
,Not Recommended,288880,15812937,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Griffior,"Review is old, but I still stand by it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CI_ysGR3Ucg"
,Not Recommended,288880,19295138,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,vodkins,"WASD-only. No key rebind. Can't play. Waste of money. Nothing more to say, cut and dried."
,Not Recommended,288880,11516786,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,ZombieMesh,"tl;dr: Game is poorly optomized, laggy, and the scare mechanic is broken. Good atmophere, doesnt save the game though.I was super excited to play the game, but quickly realized that it's almost unplayable.It's so badly optomized, I have to play with all the settings on low. Even with that, it was extremely laggy and choppy.The graphics kept wigging out. There was so much texture tearing and glitchy shadows, but that might be because I had to play with PS2 graphics. Also, it might have had to do with the low settings, but everything was pitch black in the dark. As in, I couldnt see♥♥♥♥♥♥ even if lighting nearby. I truend up the brightness, but nothing. I understand a games need to be dark, but this was blindness in a room that had both lights on and candles lit. I had to watch through my stream to see what I was doing.I'll give it credit, the game is very atmospheric. Too bad I couldnt see what was scaring me.That leads me to another thing. Your health goes down for no reason. I assumed the game based the health going down by your reaction, like mouse ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing or camera flinging or backing away or even not moving. Instead, it just randomly decides when to reduce your health. I feel like I'm playing IllBleed. I wish I was playing IllBleed instead of this."
,Recommended,288880,26376250,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,acid rain,"Pineview Drive has a really creepy atmosphere with some very well placed jumpscares (luckily not too many of those ^^°)If it doesn't bother you that it's a lot of wandering around mostly the same rooms over and over again, you should really give it a try ^^ (It's also not the ""same"" rooms all the time but see for yourself ;) )"
,Not Recommended,288880,11830441,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Alpha One,"Wasted Potential: The Game.I'm not going to spoil anything for you. I am going to spoil the fact that once the veneer of the setting wears off, you're left with a lacking experience where you literally just stumble around hoping to find keys, and even when you have keys you generally have no idea which of the fifty or sixty doors they open. The triggers for the keys appearing are unfairly arbitrary at times - you will pass by a table three or four times looking for a key, and on pass number 5 one will be on that table.Excellent setting, and tons of potential, but none of it is realized at any time. There are some very scary moments but they can't make up for a fundamentally boring game. It's also worth mentioning that this is one of the more poorly optimized games I've ever played - prepare for Medium settings on everything in order to get a workable framerate."
,Not Recommended,288880,11801897,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,General Bonkers,Do not buy. This hunk of junk was a fine waste of $20. No refunds allowed. I tried to run the game and it froze on the loading screen. After searching around found that others ran into same issue. I followed the recommended steps by the (unhelpful) developers and nothing worked. Others were unable to resolve as well.Stay away.
76561198040888405,Not Recommended,288880,20333185,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Tushypushy,Blind man finding  keys and unlocking doors simulator 2014.
,Recommended,288880,11516302,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,SereneSara,"I play a lot of scary games and not many of them creep me out but this one really gets to me. It doesn't have jump scares but it doesn't need jump scares. The atmosphere and the noises are scary enough. If you are a fan of scary games, I highly recommend this game."
76561198062970427,Recommended,288880,11580795,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,WOBWOBWOBBY/ROBTHEONE,Made me jump! :O(
,Not Recommended,288880,20464503,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Zektera,"This game might as well have been named ""Door Opening Simulator 2016"" or whenever the hell this pile of crap was released. Made it some 40 minutes into the game before I wanted to tear my eyeballs out of my face and flush them down the toilet. The tiny snippets of actual pot that you get fed are completely overshadowed and drowned out by the tedious process of f*king FIND A KEY OPEN A DOOR FIND A KEY OPEN A DOOR FIND A KEY OPEN A DOOR OH LOOK I FOUND SOME GODDAM BATTERIES ISN'T THAT F**KING EXCITING FIND ANOTHER KEY OPEN ANOTHER GODDAM PIECE OF CRAP DOOR OHMYGOD ISN'T THIS FUN GUYS. 1/10 would only recommend if you're a masochist with a door fetish."
76561198019572384,Not Recommended,288880,13042525,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,[DoH]Heartstopper,"No bindable keys, and the game appears to be plagued with performance issues.  The ""passing pineview forest"" ran perfectly for me, which uses the same engine so I don't understand how this game runs so badly.  Thinking something might be wrong with my machine, I checked the forums and people with hardware far superior to mine are having the exact same issues.Adjusting the various graphic options doesn't appear to have any noticeable affect on performance."
,Recommended,288880,11499615,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,shoggofu,"I've played this for about 2 hours so far and I've reached day 10 of 30. I was expecting it to be a lot scarier. Unfortunately I found it a bit slow. But it hasn't been a bad experience and it was reasonably enjoyable.http://youtu.be/4Xpy-6Iv4ocFirst thing you do in the is game is search for the key that opens the front gate. This becomes a pattern in this game, find keys and figure out which door they open. I thought that running and turning around quickly when you hear sounds is what would be classified as 'getting yourself worked up' and causing you to take damage. So I spent most of the game walking slowly around. However there wasn't a clear indication that doing so meant I was taking less damage from hazards. So really I think moving around slowly just meant that I took a lot longer to progress through the game. So I just started to run whenever I could to save time, because I backtracked an awful lot in this game. I basically got stuck every day of the game trying to find the daily journal entry which brings each night to an end. I found myself revisiting pretty much every room in the house each day, and mind you there are a reasonably large amount of them! This was because I didn't know what else to do or where else to go. The game will give you a clue on what to do next in the form of dialogue by the character. This seems happen after a certain amount of time. However I wish the game would give you hints much earlier because I found that I spent the majority of my time just being lost. It wasn't even really scary most of the time to make up for that fact. I think the infrequency of scares could possibly have been because I played very cautiously and illuminated every room I entered. This may have prevented more frighting events to occur, but I don't know for sure. The contents of the journal entries don't really seem to have a lot relevance to what to what you need to do every day. It helped a little when I got the hang of remembering which rooms had locked doors. But I think that a map which has locked door's marked on it or some other feature could be pretty handy here. There are occasionally scary moment's such as seemingly random noises beside you which may cause you to take damage if you look in their direction. And there are apparently scripted events at certain points in the game where you would see ghosts and take damage. I couldn't see a clear way to avoid taking damage in some situations, even though I thought there would be a way to do so. As described on the store page 'you will need steady nerves if you want to survive the game unscathed'. I thought it meant you need to steady your nerves and control your character calmly. But I even seemed to to take damage when I apparently completely missed whatever was supposed to have scared me e.g. when I was looking the wrong way.The game looks good overall. You have sort of imperfections such as shadows of objects being cast through solid objects and stuff like that. The game isn't full of cheap scares but it probably doesn't try hard enough to really scare you as often as it should. But in general it definitely has a creepy atmosphere to it, the ambient sounds and music are generally good for this. Unfortunately I think that some of the visual events can be missed completely if your view is obstructed or if you are just looking away when they happen. One thing that was bit unusual was that when there were lightning storms there was no accompanying sound of thunder.So what is classified as being scared and 'worked up' to take damage in this game doesn't really work in the way that I thought it would. I still don't really understand how this mechanic actually works. Scares were much less frequent and finding how to progress was slower than I would have liked. But I only reached day 10 of 30 and things were starting to pick up a bit by that stage. The electric light in the house have stopped functioning by this stage. So mid to late game may be more interesting. overall I will just say that the game might be worth trying, but I can't guarantee that you will really enjoy it or that you will find it good value for money. I know the way I describe the game probably makes it sound bad, but what I can say that so far is that it didn't feature anything that would give me reason to recommend strongly against it lol.Clickherefor my YouTube gaming channel"
98129842357982735,Not Recommended,288880,11499017,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,WAFER,"It is choppy as hell, probably made on Unity. Feels like a Unity game. Not worth the money and very trivial. The game consists of grabbing keys that match different doors and opening the doors to find more keys. Who locks all of the doors inside their home anyways? The game's atmosphere starts of spooky but eventually it loses it's flavor and becomes a hot steaming pile of ""i spent my money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
,Recommended,288880,11522698,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,SlasherJPC,"Not bad, not amazing but a nice little horror game. Welcome to Pineview.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-FpvfJbB-Y"
,Recommended,288880,11524815,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Amira,This is cool survival-horror!In the style of horror 80s - 90s.Truly an interesting story.Waiting for new horror from these guys
76561198042261571,Recommended,288880,14875372,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Jamie,"It's a haunted house simulator. What do you REALLY want? Are you looking for some grand masterpiece? This isn't it. It's just something to egg yourself on with because you refuse to be beaten by a virtual spooky house.While realizing the statues and busts are most certainly looking at you and nosily watching your every movement, but reset their positions the moment you set your eyes on them, I finally spazzed out and took my frustration out on a cherub. ""(EXPLECTIVE)ing BABY ANGELS!""That adorable little kitty statue you might think is the only precious thing in this game? No they'll take that away from you. Yes that's a ghost girl doing a little Sheldon Cooper outside your door. Knock knock knock, MAIN CHARACTER. Knock knock knock, MAIN CHARACTER. See you in hell, Sheldon!Birds that rustle around and make unsettling noises when you explore outside? Thanks. I already have a fear from Hitchcock but this just brings it all rushing back. Creepy toys around the house, some of which with an impact upon the plot? We got that. A scarecrow in the uncanny valley territory? Mmhm, yeah we got that. Blood! Tasteful, but gracious when needed! Yeah, we've got it!Pretty much any haunted house trope you can think of was put into a blender, had a curse to chill it with, and then served as some Boo! Smoothie.Your scare factor may vary. While this game boasts being able to find out and track (more like punishes through your health bar) what frightens you, I've noticed my character tends to mostly gasp at disembodied noises. This makes me paranoid and angry. Angry that I can't find a ghost to smack with my flashlight! If you're more of a jerky player and have the need to constantly move to find what made noises or move when you are faced with a jump scare, you'll likely get a new batch of scares.A minor gripe? If you are suddenly lost and have no idea where to go, you'll run out of batteries and matches quickly. Ghosts love to play poof with your candles and later on in the days, you'll find matches very precious. When the fire goes out, it's all that more irritating. Your flashlight will suddenly pick up a little charge from not being used, so don't worry too much. You're not lost in the dark for long! It's just slightly irritating. If you keep wandering, your character will eventually give you a hint, but that takes a great deal of time. However, some of the very fun ""scares"" can happen this way. Just uh, stay away from the windows. Or don't. So far I've been pressing my face against the busts and yelling BRING IT ON but things BEHIND me have been lowering my health, so don't do that.Second minor gripe? I had heard through the grapevine that the ending was very confusing, so I spoiled myself before buying. I'm not saying that everyone should do this, but if you're really on the fence after reading these and knowing an ending won't influence you either way, you may want to do that. It really is confusing and going in while knowing what was going to happen helped me understand just why things didn't really add up from the start. This may not work for all gamers, though it was helpful for me.You'll be learning the storyline through short notes found at the end of each day. Even then, you may never get closure of what happened to your character.To be perfectly honest after playing this and Passing Pineview Forest, I'm finding a storyline that I've enjoyed and I'd like to see more of. I need to know more about Pineview. How many victims are there? I'm not even completely done and I'm very interested in seeing more.Still, this isn't for everyone. This is a haunted house simulator, but it's much more of a puzzle/maze type game than say, an Amnesia clone or a Slender clone. Although there...is a mode for a Slender level... But I haven't unlocked that yet and I don't think I have the guts to do so. This game can get tedious for some people. For others you're just going to end up getting more frustrated because you don't want this house to outwit you. Stupid house. Stupid lights.GIVE ME SOME MATCHES! And boop that clown!...Where did the clown go?"
76561198261701494,Recommended,288880,30609099,Posted: 19 March,all,LOST,"Pineview Drive - это уникальный хоррор для тех, кто любит инди-хорроры и кто готов мириться с разного рода недоработками. Игра бесстыдно эксплуатирует самые иррациональные страхи: постоянная темнота, шёпоты за спиной, ожившее пугало, зловещая кукла клоуна, неестественно движущиеся тени, мёртвые девочки... Всего не опишешь, это нужно увидеть. Очень давящая атмосфера..."
76561198108031310,Recommended,288880,11503066,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Captain Cuddles,So far so good! Its creepy enuff to keep u interested and not many bugs that I can see! Good game!
,Recommended,288880,11555217,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,razorhog444,I love this game. The atmosphere is wonderful and the game is extremely scary. It also saves at the end of each night which is awesome! I definitely recommend buying this game. If you would like you can check it out live on my channel now!http://youtu.be/AaIaXaM44uU
76561198033470545,Not Recommended,288880,12799463,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,C. Viper,"I'm very confused all same silver keys where those possible locked & unlocked doors? But flashlight limit few 30-60 seconds low batteries not see too dark is never Gamma option.Resident Evil in difference keys description Sword Key, Armor key, Shield Key and Helmet Key great than same keys more."
76561198007752744,Recommended,288880,25181356,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Razor89,"I can understand why so many people dont rate this game. It does has it flaws and can be frustrating looking for keys in the dark or wondering what you are supposed to be doing at times. You can easily miss some of the scares especially if you are looking the wrong way... And the story is vague, especially the ending.However I think this game is way underated in the horror genre. This game scared me more than Slender, Outlast, Amnesia or any of the others. It has amazing way of filling you with dread, which progressivley gets worse as the days go by and can make you incredibly paranoid. The atmosphere it creates especially with its audio effects has to be the scariest ive experienced in a game -and i have played heaps of horror titles. You get used to some of the jumpscares, and some are really cliched. But some are so unexpectedly good your blood will run cold. This game scares more on subtle levels than in your face jumpscares though - I hate scarecrows and clowns more than ever now..... I cant even finish scarecrow the 8 pages coz its just too scary - way freakier than slender...8/10Pros- creepy as hell- panic inducing- atmosphere and audio are greatcons- can be repetitive especially if you get lost- key simulator- not enough batteries- lags at times"
,Recommended,288880,24752546,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rageoverrun,"Coming from someone who loves horror games (Outlast, Amnesia series, Layers of Fear, Soma, Penumbra, etc), I thoroughly enjoyed playing this game.  Warning:  This is not a fast paced game!  If you get bored with slow paced games, don't look here.  However, if you love a slow building creepy as hell atmosphere that builds and builds as the game moves along, this is the game to play.  A good blend of slow, psychological horror from the atmosphere and terrifying jump scares.  This game got my adrenaline pumping many times.  The only real complaint I have is with the last day.  I won't post any spoilers, but I was disappointed with the ending.  It does make me curious to see where they go with this franchise, however.8/10, would play again."
