user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198122163777,Not Recommended,288930,22964223,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Opal Knight,"I can not actually recommend this title for players looking for a deep, point & click, atmospheric game.  It isn't a terrible experience, and I really liked the beginning of the game, but there are some points which seem misleading from the get go.  The store page advertizes this as ""Three thrilling, horrifying adventure games in one"" and that is just not true.  Not only is this not three adventures, it doesn't even feel like ONE whole and complete adventure.This title contains three short scenes, which are loosely related and leave an open-ended interpretation of what actually has occured during the course of the story presented.  The first scene is excellently narrated, introduces the main character and piques the player's interest and, although very short, draws the player into the world.  The second scene is a bit surreal, does not exactly correlate to the first scene, but does still allude to it, and brings a bit of a psychological teasing to the narrative.  The third and longest scene is best described as ""meh"" and kind of diffuses the interest that was piqued in the first and second scenes with a haphazardly thrown out, cliched type of story.  And the very end of the game is an allusion to that fact that another game may come in the future which will bring the player back to learn more of what may or may not have happened in the course of this game.And ""game"" is used in the loosest sense of the word here.  There is hardly any game at all.  This is more of a psychological experience where the story is narrated (with some excellent voice acting for the most part) and the player is allowed to click on a few icons for added description while the story unfolds itself.I actually enjoyed most of this title, but as this is being billed as multiple point&click adventures rolled into one, I think that many people who are going to purchase this title are going to end up with something that they feel disappointed with when they have finished.  Also the rushed and unfinished story that the third scene leaves the player with just doesn't lead to a satisfied feeling upon completion.  I am 100% for a psychologically baffling story that people can have long dialogues about long after they are over, but more of the picture should have been presented at the ending rather than forcing people to purchase a different game at a different time to get the satisfaction that completing a game should give.  And for these reasons, I would not recommend this title to fans of the point & click genre."
,Recommended,288930,17684232,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Faudraline,"""...and man looked down upon the earth, and the earth crawled up to meet him."" - Louis CassellMy, my! Wasn't this an astonishing experience? When I decided to give this one a go, I wasn't expecting neither that much spiritual depth, nor such qualitative narrative.The Charnel House Trilogy- one game with separate acts, actually - is an incredibly well arranged psychological horror adventure.I'd try to give you the baseline for the story, but the events, the characters that they are surrounding and their in-depth meanings are completely dependent on a perspective, and it is near impossible to define any character that we encounter within the game without pure speculation. Charnel House is what you get from Charnel House. Thus, I'll only present you some facts.You begin the game as playing Alex Davenport, a young woman who is trying to recover from a bad break up. For some reason, she decides to go on a long train journey, in hopes of reaching the Island of Augur Peak at the end. During this odd journey, she encounters an odd British gentleman, Dr. Harold Lang, who is the curator of a museum and visiting the same island for an archeological expedition. The only seeming bond between them, is their lonely destination, and a series of uncanny encounters they shall endure during their journey.The Charnel House Trilogyconsists of three separate acts, as if taken from carefully planned scenes from a theatrical performance: Inhale, Sepulchre and Exhale. Inhale is tied to reality, with a bitter taste of past experience. It feels old, dysfunctional and hurt. Sepulchre is the sublime passage between the real and that shadow on the corner of your eye, descending into the very Heart of Darkness, the horror itself. Exhale is the triumphant delusion, breaking the barrier between the reality that we coddle ourselves with and the cruel fact that logic doesn't work anymore. It is weaved with pure manifestation of raw emotions, raising more questions than it answers.Three acts come together to compose an elaborate setting of carefully chosen subliminal details. The story is full of literary references, thrilling anecdotes, grave yet elegant symbolisms and interrelated details that will give a shiver down your spine when you realize their relevance. Don't expect your common jump horror. The art of absurd is the game's primary weapon against your psyche. This is a great psychological thriller.The gameplay is no different than your casual adventure. There are some very minor puzzles, but nothing that would hinder your progress. As long as you keep exploring, the story reveals itself. Graphics are nothing extraordinary, nearly same as Blackwell series themselves, familiar and simple. Encountering something this eerie in this basic environment is probably down right uncanny compared to facing a grotesque enemy in full HD. When you finish the game, you cannot keep yourself from repeating exchanged dialogues in your head, trying to decipher hidden meanings.If you've come to like the game, I'll suggest reading Ashton Raze's - the writer ofThe Charnel House Trilogy-Bright Lights and Glass Houses, which is a novel that reveals some more information about the game's characters. I also recommend playing the game twice for the patient, just to watch events unfold in day light. I'll be anticipating the sequel until it comes in 2016!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,288930,21725668,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Snort Cannon,"The Charnel House Trilogy is a game I had my eye on for a while, recently I played through all three games and here is my opinion on them all.The Charnel House Trilogy is a collection of three games: Inhale, Sepulchre and Exhale. In Inhale we play as Alex Davenport and we try to find our ticket for a train heading to Auger Peak.  In Sepulchre we play as Doctor Lang, a man also heading to the same island and with him we explore the train and then in Exhale we again play as Alex who also has to explore the mysterious train.The Charnel House is a weird title and I will try to explain it the best I can. The game is more or less story driven, so don't expect that many puzzles and when you do get a puzzle now and then, they are so simple to solve you shouldn't even break a sweat.  I wish the puzzles were a  bit more complex are had some layer of difficulty, but I found myself breezing through the entire game without even having to stop and think on what I'm supposed to do.The graphics are great and shows that if you want to make a great pixel adventure game, the adventure game engine is the way to do it.The soundtrack is also really good, It helps build mood and tension and also brings out atmosphere in some of the darker moments in the game.The voice acting is also really good. Everyone does a great job including Jim ♥♥♥♥ing sterling son who portrays his character in a very creepy manor. If Jim is reading this (which of course he isn't) he should do more voice work in the future.The game however has a few negatives.The story has a very rough start. The first chapter is so slow I thought to myself that this game will bore me to death and I've heard so much good stuff about it. But once the♥♥♥♥♥♥starts hitting the fan it get's really good, not to mention the final bit is really disturbing in it's own way.The puzzles as mentioned previously are way too easy and I wish they could have come up with a better way to do them, but even then some of the puzzles are very fun to do.The game is not filled with jumpscares, so if you're wondering about that you don't have to worry, you are safe from jumpscares, but you're not safe from disturbing voice acting by Jim Sterling and disturbing material.Overall I can safely say The Charnel House Trilogy is a great game and definitely worth your time. The game is spooky good time and if you like adventure games or horror in general I highly recommend picking this gem up.Final Rating:8.5/10 - GreatIf you liked this review please consider giving it a thumbs up and if you disliked post in the comments on what you disliked about the review.For more reviews follow Snort's Review curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198004762316,Recommended,288930,15408945,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,iren_ivy,"It is a very careful recommendation.Not a bad game but it is very short and more like a visual novel than a game. Point-and-click part is very easy and, with story being linear, it is basically 'use that on that in an obvious way'. Disturbing mood is nice and some situations are sincerely unnerving (but I'm scared easily). VA is ok, some voices are more ok than others, some are less; maybe people need more practice. Visuals are acceptable. Music is good for each situation: no blazing trumpets on suspence scenes.The word 'trilogy' in a name of the game may give an impression that there are three games, but in fact there are just three scenes/episodes, first of which is very short.But I can't say I didn't enjoy the game. Could really go without video-games references in 'Inhale', though.  And with less cliffhanger at the end. While Alex story kind of ended up soundly, Kat's story and Lang's story (and writer's story and maybe Gloria's story) are all unresolved.Don't regret buying it and hoping for continuation(s), but it might be not your cup of tea if you like more of point-and-click puzzles, Lucas Arts or Sierra-style, and longer length."
,Recommended,288930,17905036,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ials,"Recommended, for a certain type of player.  If you'd rather read a Lovecraft story than watch Paranormal Activity, The Charnel House Trilogy may be for you.The gameplay is simple point-and-click, optionally using arrow keys to move your character.  The plot is laid out in a very linear fashion, with very simple puzzles to advance the story.  It's a slow-burn, dialogue-driven horror experience without cheap jump scares.  There are rare moments where something disturbing may flash onscreen, but there's nothing designed to launch you out of your seat.  The gore is rare and mild, even more so with the low-fi graphics.The voice acting is done well (including Jim f'ing Sterling, son), and the music usually is effective at setting the mood.  In the later acts it tends to switch from room to room which can be a bit jarring, especially if one area is meant to be creepy and the next one not.My only real gripe with the game is the way it leaves things unresolved - the credits promise a sequel next year, which will hopefully complete the story.  Throughout the game there's a strong sense that you never know what is going on.  This makes sense as it mirrors your character's confusion, but without answers at the finish, the game's ending feels a bit rushed and unsatisfying.Worth picking up at its current price."
,Recommended,288930,21128453,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,CrazyCanuck,"OverviewThe Charnel House Trilogy is an excellent little game. I say little not to be detrimental, but because the game is extremely short. In that short period, though, you’ll be treated to an excellent story with some nice twists, complimented by some good voice acting.You being as Alex, a girl who just broke up with her boyfriend, in her apartment. You’re taking a train ride to a place, Auger Island, to meet a friend and hang out. Your first order of business is to check on the delivery status of your train tickets, which requires a password, which requires you to find out what said password is.At its core, the game is a point and click adventure title. There are only three major environments, and there are a few unimportant items in each location for you to click and get some information on. Items you need to progress aren’t highlighted, nor do they twinkle, but they’re easy to find.Graphically, it gets the job done. It has a purposely retro look, with jaggy characters. Backgrounds have some basic details, as do your items, and everything combines to do a decent job. It’s far from a good looking game, but I don’t think it was intended to be anyway.Sound and music work well together for the most part. A few sound effects seem off, and in the later chapter, music tends to turn on and off as you enter different rooms, which is a little bit jarring. The voice acting, for the most part, is great, and gives the characters actual depth. There are a few instances where the acting is a bit blah, but there are not a lot of those.The gameplay in Charnel House Trilogy is pretty typical for its genre. You click on items to either get something from it, or to hear a quick note on it. Combining objects is done through your inventory, like dragging your lighter over your cigarette pack to light one. Item combinations are pretty straightforward to guess, and the inventory flashes momentarily whenever you pick something up that can be used.Where the game lacks, however, is in its difficulty and length. It’s a very easy game. You will be unlikely to need a guide, as rooms are locked until you need them, and when you do, it’s obvious: for example, a previously locked door will be cracked open next time you go by, indicating it’s time to go in there. It’s also a very short game, easily finished in under two hours. It has no replay value, unless you’ve missed out on some achievements, but there’s only a few of them that are missable; most are tied to the story. Even so, you can save and load as you please, allowing you to go back and collect them if you so choose.ProsGood story with a good twistGood voice acting for the majority of the gameCharacters are interestingSound and music complement each other wellLots of easy achievements for collectorsConsVery shortNo replay valueSummaryThe Charnel House Trilogy is an excellent horror title to add to your collection, especially if you like point and click adventures. It breaks no new ground, but does what it does well, and is worth your two hours. At full price, it’s a great game, and at a discount, it’s a must."
76561198003233400,Not Recommended,288930,31983987,Posted: 26 May,all,fieryace,"The foundation for a great game and story are here. But, in the end, it feels like something that would be sent to a publisher as a *proposal* for a game, not an actual finished product.These are the reasons I don't recommend this game:1. For the price, and the genre, the game is unbelievably short.2. Despite having two ""puzzle designers"" in the credits, there are no actual puzzles or mysteries to solve.3. The game ends at what is essentially the end of Act 1.4. The game ends with a plug for a sequel that seems incredibly unlikely to happen."
76561198052421948,Not Recommended,288930,18815122,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,iamoffline,"my, that was very short. for some reason other reviewers had around 6 hours of gametime and that's what i was expecting.turns out it's just a bit over 2 hours...the game being a ""trilogy"" i thought it would be a complete story, but it is just part one of a larger story.also a very strange decision to split it into 3 parts:part 1 is just one room, part 2 has one unique room and shares the other 3 with part 3. not counting ""recycled"" rooms, which got only slight variations.if you're looking for challenging puzzles this game might not be for you. the game takes you by the hand and most of the time it's clear where to go, which item to use.one the positive side i liked most of the art and animations, the voice acting(for the main characters) was good and the music was great.maybe i got into the game with too much(or wrong) expectations, the game might still be for you if you're looking for a little adventure snack."
,Recommended,288930,15404195,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,J4MESOX4D,"The Charnel House Trilogy is an atmospheric and stylish point and click adventure set on a beautiful retro 2D backdrop. The simple mechanics and powerful narrative make this a truly enjoyable title with a very attractive price. It is also supported by a fantastic musical score and full character dialogue audio.In this 3 chapter game; you begin by playing the role of Alex Davenport - a young woman who has to embark on a personal journey to Augur Peak by train after receiving some bad news. En route, you meet Dr. Harold Lang and this is where a routine train trip becomes an incredibly eerie experience. I wont elaborate on this because it will spoil the chilling and absorbing events that follow, but it will leave you deeeply engrossed throughout.The game mechanics are fairly basic which makes this a title that you can pick up and play straight away. Each chapter is fairly short though and solving the occasional 'puzzle' or what to do next to progress isn't all that challenging. These aren't criticisms though - the way the narrative champions itself outweighs any depth or difficulty concerns.The only real disappointment surrounding the game is the length - it will take you about two and a half to 3 hours to complete and the first two chapters are fairly limited although everything you accomplish has some bearing as the game flows nicely. You aren't walking around or searching aimlessly at any time so you feel you are always engaged in the product and everything has some merit. Despite the completion time; you will certainly get your money's worth for what is on offer and the intriguing writing.Overall, The Charnel House Triolgy is a terrific game that delivers a powerful and absorbing story supported with a truly unique art style. If you're a fan of the genre or are just looking for a great story; it's highly recommended."
,Recommended,288930,26433655,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,vonblubba 🍺,"Ok, it's very short. Ok, puzzles may be no-brainers. But I still LOVED it. Great athmosphere, great voice acting, great graphics. And above all, a well written plot that's still open to theories."
,Not Recommended,288930,21455460,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Silva,"Whether the game ""The Charnel House Trilogy"" can be recommended or not largely depends on the player's expectations. I enjoyed some aspects of it while at the same time despising others. It was, essentially, not the game I was hoping to play.What do you expect in a horror/adventure game?If you want to be outright ""scared"", this is probably not the game for you. Rather than all-out fear, the game tries to create an atmosphere of suspense and unease. It succeeds in that, somewhat.If you want a game that feels like a complete story, this is not for you either. The developer has said on the forums that they believe the game constitutes such, but I disagree strongly with that analysis. The Charnel House Trilogy largely feels like an extended prologue for a game that doesn't exist yet.If you want a lengthy experience, this game does not provide that. It can be completed in two hours, and for some players quite possibly less.If you want to feel a strong connection to a game's characters, that isn't likely here. Given the game's short run time, the personalities of its two protagonists never become fully developed. They are rendered sympathetic but bland, which in my case lead to a disconnect regarding the story. I was interested in the story itself, but did not care about the characters or their fates.If you want challenging puzzles, this isn't that kind of game. This point I think actually worked in its favor. The complete absence of ""adventure game logic"", that perverse and inane guessing game of the developer's intentions that would require mood altering substances to even vaguely resemble coherence is entirely absent. That was refreshing, at least.If all you want is a dark, somewhat intriguing plot, The Charnel House Trilogy provides that. If you want to kill a couple hours, you could certainly do worse. However, the resounding thought I had during my playtime with the game was a feeling of ""incompleteness"" that is difficult to fully describe. I liked the game's atmosphere and sense of mystery. I liked the kind of horror it attempted to create. Even so, there were too many things I disliked to truly recommend it. If and when the game's sequel is released, perhaps they can be recommended collectively as a complete story. For the moment, however, The Charnel House Trilogy is one best left aside."
,Recommended,288930,21054310,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Andrew 林,"AboutA short point-and-click psychological horror adventure game. The story revolves around creepy incidents that occur on a train. I only recommend only buying this if it's on sale and you like point-and-click adventure games.Pros+ Decent graphics for an Adventure Game Studio (AGS) game.+ Atmospheric background music that really sets the mood for each scene.+ Story reminds me a lot of the short stories written by Edgar Ellar Poe or HP LovecraftCons- Very short and easy. You'll complete this in about 1 hour.- One of the main plot is resolved, but overall a lot of left up to the player's imagination."
76561198152302533,Not Recommended,288930,19754146,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,AdventureGameLover,"I would only get this game on sale.  But, it's barely even worth that money.  Good only to experience as a curiosity.  Game is >>very<< linear, and not very articulate at it's storytelling. I don't know what people are saying this is so lovecraftian.  Lovecraft was a master at fully fleshing out characters through thought and behaviour, and weaving a mysterious world in which those characters exist and interact.  This game, on the contrary, is just a convoluted mess, and a very pale comparison at best.  Definitely no replay value at all.  Don't get me wrong.  The actual concept was creatively a good base, but the final result was poorly executed.  But, I still encourage the developers to hang in there.  The only way to improve your craft/art is to continue doing it and learn from your previous attempts.  Lovecraft, just like any other artist/writer, had to endure a few ""misses"" in order to hone the skills to create true masterpieces.  So even though I don't rate this particular game highly, there is something ""special"" there, so I'm looking forward to some new and better work from these folks."
,Recommended,288930,15456198,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,fetthesten,"Mostly well-written and well-acted game that, crucially, relies on its writing and acting to build its atmosphere. This is a game for people who enjoy experiencing an immersive story, rather than challenge themselves with difficult puzzles; there are a few of them, but they're very simple.I was impressed with the variety of themes the story touches on, and the confidence with which it treats them. Without spoiling anything, I can say that I felt ill at ease several times during my playthrough (as this is a horror game, read that as a compliment)."
,Not Recommended,288930,28680125,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,kpz,"some good moments, a lot of potential, but not overly satisfying. uneven writing; partly believable and good, partly way too cheesy. uneven voice acting. puzzles - what puzzles? music and graphics are solid.and the undiscounted price is too high. the first chapter is so short, i wouldn't even call it a chapter. the other two chapters are a bit longer, but, all in all, you will be playing about two hours. if it's on sale and you're into adventures/visual novels with a focus more on linear storytelling than gameplay, still worth a try though."
76561198161373051,Recommended,288930,16888372,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,She Obliterated,"More of an interactive visual novel than a puzzle game; I was hoping for more complicated gameplay, but the story more than made up for it.Can not wait for the sequel, which is supposed to be longer and more complicated. All together, a solid effort.Pros-Very creepy. Great storytelling and atmosphere.-Alex's voice actress is wonderful to listen to.-I love the Maniac Mansion style art. YMMV.Cons-Very short-Simple puzzles"
,Recommended,288930,31627044,Posted: 8 May,all,.Reflected.,"A very decent point and click adventure!The game is short and the puzzles are not difficult. The story is weird and catches you.I did expect a bit more of it to be honest, but still really a good game!"
,Recommended,288930,15619192,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,kalirion,"Not exactly what I was expecting, rather short for a ""trilogy"", and I'm still not clear about what the hell was going on, but I enjoyed the ride.Also, I encountered a game breaking bug in Sepulchre, the middle part - all the doors on the train were locked including the one I needed to go through.  The only solution was to reload an older saved game - so keep multiple saves just in case."
,Not Recommended,288930,33075319,Posted: 1 July,all,Black Knight,"- A decent adventure game held back by not enough bang for your buck.Don't be fooled by the ""trilogy"" in the title: all this is are two 20-minutes introductory acts and one slightly longer third act. One might think this is is just pretentiousness, but the store page boasts that this is ""three games in one"" which is quite simply misleading: there are free flash games that offer far more content than the first two chapters of this ""trilogy"".Charnel House is a one and a half hour-long game with well-drawn AGS graphics but bland writing, generally poor voice acting, a sequel-bait plot that doesn't resolve itself in any satisfactory manner, an overly linear structure and simplistic inventory puzzles that offer no challenge whatsoever. Alex is a relatable enough character, but the rest of the cast comes off as grating, in no small measure due to the ""amateur hour"" voice work.The ""not recommended"" rating refers to the asking price: there are far better (and longer) adventures than this one that are free. As it stands, Charnel House is a passable buy for a dollar during a sale, but the normal $5 price tag will leave you wishing you hadn't, and this combined with the blatant lie in the store page, is what ultimately brings the game down."
76561197997506993,Not Recommended,288930,26355232,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Charha,"Do I recommend the game? For the full price, no. Less than a dollar? Yeah, maybe.The Charnel House Trilogy is more like a visual novel than a traditional point&click puzzle game, because the puzzles are very easy and the game characters are pretty specific about what the protagonist ought to do next. The story had its moments, the pixel art is quite pretty and there's a nice dark atmosphere. I'd say that the horror elements are not there to scare you, but to make you feel creepy and lonely.What irks me is that the game gives itself too much credit. It only takes an hour or so to complete and there are many references to some bigger story that's apparently out there. At the end there's a blatant sequel hook which made the Charnel House Trilogy seem like a prologue instead of a self-standing game."
76561198096353530,Not Recommended,288930,30104623,Posted: 22 February,all,Kalamona,"It's more a low resolution visual novel than a game. It will take 2-3 hours for you to complete. It's a mystery story and it's not bad at all as I like out-of-ordinary games. It has full audio and good voice acting.Still as far as I am concerned it doesn't worth the full price, because there is just not enough content. Sorry.Buy it when discounted, but don't pay more than 60-70p or you might be disappointed."
,Recommended,288930,15411426,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,qptain Nemo,"update: It appears there is a possibility that I've missed some optional story content. So take my main criticism with a further grain of salt until I investigate it and update my review accordingly.I haven't been this conflicted about a game in a while. Let's see, what it does well? The presentation, the music, the atmosphere are all excellent. This is a horror-ish game and the mood, pacing, suspense are superb. There are some banal elements here and there but oh boy, do I genuinely wish all horror developers learned from this game. The game is more focused on being unsettling than trying to be outright scary and that works out amazingly. The unique mood the game immerses you in is hard to forget.The writing is solid, and the game tells some interesting stories, both explicit and vague. The characters are vibrant, distinct and interesting. The personal stories presented here are a very decent and satisfying part of this work. A certain theme is prominently present in the game, and while it can be considered technically kinda thrilling, it can also just as well be considered mundane. The metaphors and symbolisms surrounding the theme are probably some of the best I've seen, which is both impressive and slightly disappointing as a waste of potential. But wait, there is some intriguing underlying lore that can possibly redeem this if it's interesting enough. The whole Charnel House thing, yeah? If only the game actually told you, well, anything substantial about this story branch.Which also happens to be titular. Oops. And that's the major shortcoming of the game as far as I'm concerned. It merely teases you with its titular story branch, only giving some bare hints at what it might be about. And look, I'm all for mystery but here the game leaves me in the dark about even whether I really like it or not since for me a significant portion of judgement depends on how interesting the underlying context is. But I can't evaluate it because the game doesn't expand on it that much. It does somewhat openly promise a sequel, and while I don't see anything wrong with that per se, it depends on the sequel a bit too much for my liking, remaining a very unfinished work on its own. Which also isn't inherently wrong, but it becomes hard to judge for me because of it. And well, there simply are better, more satisfying ways to present a mysterious unfinished narrative. There got to be. Also it's worth pointing out that I found Alex definitely sympathetic and I absolutely enjoyed learning about her life, but also I honestly can't say I like her enough to prefer that to some cool intriguing supernatural storyline. And since the game isn't called ""Alex's Life"" I dare to suggest this imbalance of story branch reveals favoring hers is a bit of an actual flaw.So yeah, if you can tolerate vagueness, unfinishedness and merciless cliffhangers then by all means go for it. There is a lot to enjoy here and it does horror differently from how everybody else does horror. As you can see, I definitely enjoyed it enough for this to remain a cautious but positive recommendation. But if not, then I suppose you should wait for the sequel first. Because if the sequel provides a satisfying explanation, or a more satisfying mystery at least, then this was all very good apparently."
,Recommended,288930,28590737,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,amok,"I enjoy short & serious stories, even when they're linear with easy puzzles, like this.I went into it not knowing what to expect, and Part I felt very ""Blackwell Epiphany"", especially as it has the same artist, and features exploration of the bookish female protagonist's apartment.But in Part II, the vibe is much more ""The Last Door"". There's deep supernatural mystery, and increasingly offputting occurances soon take you into ""what the ♥♥♥♥"" territory. I thought the music, writing and pace made for great atmopshere here.I felt Part III lost the wind out of its sails to an extent, as it was much longer than the other parts, the plot becomes unnecessarily convoluted, and the mystery falls away too early to become more of a traditional horror, in which the protogonist behaves nonchalantly towards the supernatural nature of her situation, focusing only on the interpersonal drama. Some of the (otherwise very good) voice acting also misses its note on a few lines in this section (or perhaps I was just taken out of the story enough to notice it here). Still, there are some good reveals and moments in Part III and overall I enjoyed it."
76561198278957965,Not Recommended,288930,31867866,Posted: 20 May,all,lucky.stella,"Not an adventure point-and-click game, rather ''guided story unlocking''. It is around 1.5 hour game-play and I can not say I enjoyed it. I saw the positive reviews and went for it and I truly regret it. If you are looking for adventure game, then do not buy this thing!"
,Recommended,288930,15403049,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Dr. Evilbones,Proper creepy and mysterious. An adventure best paired with a stormy night and a dry wine.
76561198030251491,Not Recommended,288930,19951619,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Saint_Of_Lost_Souls,"Firstly, I cannot understand why this game has received such wide praise! The voice acting was excellent, but that's pretty much all I can say. It took under two hours, and that included a dinner break. There were no horror elements, just some flashes on-screen of apparitions and a *eww* moment at the end, and the story was so simple and easy to work out for yourself anyway, if you truly are a fan of pyschological stories. I was hoping to get lost inside an in-depth narrative for hours, and have my mental limits tested. But no. I have been playing adenture games for a very long time, and there is nothing new here. At $4 Australian (on sale), it wasn't worth it."
,Recommended,288930,15429567,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,The Rob,"A great set of short ghost stories as videogame.Unnerving and with more than a slightly wicked sense of humour, The Charnel House Trilogy is a sort of classic Amicus style portmanteau with a deep understanding that horror works best when it's about the gaps, what's unsaid and what can never really be understood. That mix of the unexplainable within the eveyday mundane.It's magical, preposterous and at times hilariously willing to have fun along with the player instead of using the player as a prop for cheap jump scares or gross out horror, trusting enough that the player knows the beats as well as the author does and willing to have fun with that without making it impenetrable or offputting.I think this is the closest a horror game has got to my tastes, it made me wriggle in my seat in parts, left me curious as to where it was going to turn next, smirking at the turns it did take and on more than one occasion, left me laughing like a drain at some of its more absurd moments.A horror game for your more classical horror appreciating folks but also smart enough and tales well told enough for everyone else."
,Recommended,288930,15410751,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Dibby,"I kind of wish there was a third recommendation besides just ""yes"" and ""no"", maybe one that says ""ehh, s'alright i guess?"" Because that's basically what it was. It was, well, just kind of okay.The Charnel House Trilogy (which btw, ""trilogy"" is a huge misnomer) consists of three short (and I do mean SHORT) ""episodes"" or ""scenarios"" or whatever you wanna call em.The game itself is standard point and click adventure. There's really not much in the way of puzzles, but that's fine. The voice acting is... mostly good. There's a few that stick out as being terrible, but most of the voice acting was good.The actual meat of the game, the story, is kind of what I have the most issues with. Without getting too spoilery, I'll just say that it leaves a little to be desired. I enjoyed it thematically, but there was really no resolution or conclusion. There's all kinds of really interesting story bits and hooks... but none of them really LEAD anywhere. They're just kinda sprinkled in there, for you to look at, I guess.Like a modern abstract painting, you get the feeling like it means SOMETHING to someone, but it's really just kind of lost on you. It feels like if I were watching a movie and it just ended halfway through. It honestly kind of feels like this game is just a preview for the sequel coming in 2016, which was hinted/teased at in the ending. Which, at this point, I'd be a little hesitant about buying it.Again, it's hard to recommend simply because the story really doesn't GO anywhere. But it only cost me 4 bucks, and it was interesting enough to hold my attention. Give it a go if you like adventure games and dark/horror theming, I guess."
76561197970859560,Not Recommended,288930,34320764,Posted: 17 August,all,Bee,"First thing to know, despite ""Trilogy"" in the title, this is basically a demo or introduction to another game project (""Augur Peak"") that appears to be dead (as of mid 2017). So do not expect a complete story.It's an okay adventure puzzler akin to the Gabriel Knight series, The ""The Last Door"" series, or Ben Croshaw's horror games. Except this is very short, and there isn't much to do except advance the story. The puzzles, what few there are, are bottom tier, and are merely ""use inventory item on thing in your way,"" and very simple and obvious.The story is intriguing enough, and the atmosphere is suitably creepy. Much like The Last Door, the story is a little too obscure to be satisfying, and obviously, it never moves past the set-up. There's some cosmology here that you only get a taste of.The voice acting is all over the place, from good, for instance the lead, Madeline Roux, and Abe Goldfarb of course, to...not very good. Looking at you here, Jim Sterling. Not a good casting choice, considering the character. The music is good but over-the-top bombastic. The graphics are great in that Dave Gilbert SCUMM engine way.Overall, it's worth a quick run through (about 40 minutes) but I can't advise paying money for it, considering how short it is and that it's only the beginning of a story. You can play the 3rd part of the ""trilogy,""called ""Sepulchre,"" for free at Owl Cave games' website."
,Not Recommended,288930,21385313,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,[DoN] nVader,"WARNING: The review might include minor spoilers.This review is difficult. There are some very postive elements to the game, but in the end I can't really recommend it. If there was a ""maybe"" option, I'd probably pick that, but since it's ""yes"" or ""no"", I am unfortunately leaning towards ""no"".POSITIVE+ Interesting protagonist. She makes you want to know more about her and her story.+ Atmospheric visuals and music.+ The story has elements of creepiness/weirdness that is appealing to a horror/pulp fan like meNEGATIVE- The game is too short. I like short games, but this one was completed in two hours. It's a trilogy and yes, the two hours includes all three chapters. Even for a short game it felt more like a prologue than an acutal game.- There is a bad balance between unexplained/mysterious story elements and overt exposition. In the beginning everything seems almost normal, but some weird things are introduced. That's interesting. Then in chapter two some very weird things are introduced that makes you go ""is this story just a dream?"". And in chapter three it continues, but then all of a sudden an antagonist is revealed and he pretty much just tells you what has happened in the past, in the real world. But in the game you are stuck in a world that's obviously not real, and there's no explanation for that.- The voice acting is very mixed. The protagonist (who does most of the talking) is really good. But some of the others are bad because of three things: Some of the voices has bad audio quality, some are badly acted/read and some voices simply don't fit the character. I read somewhere that some of the voices are done by guests from the gaming community. That would explain the mixed quality.- Too linear gameplay. I understand that a story like this one cannot be totally multidirectional. But in this game you literally leave one train compartment to find that all other compartments are locked except one where the door is visually half open. Then you enter that compartment. When you are finished and leave the compartment another compartment is now open. Then you go there. It's simply too linear.All in all, I would recommend the game if it was perhaps two times bigger, less linear in the exploration and if there was a better balance between story elements that are suggested versus overt exposition.If they continue development of the game (they should - it definitely has potential) they ought to aim for a balance where there are more things the player can explore on his own to make a theory about what's going on and less things that are told in linear dialogue. Right now the player is trapped: As players we are told exactly what we are told - no more, no less. And for a player like me, I really wanted to explore some things further, while in other cases I actually wanted less verbal exposition. But all players get exactly the same in exactly the same linear order. So you are trapped in a story where some things are too explicit while other things are so unexplained and impossible that you end up going ""fine, then it's just a dream, that's all""."
76561198044253018,Not Recommended,288930,30003158,Posted: 18 February,all,duan_jing_yu,"I would have been very happy to recommend this game if is not so short. My actual time through was about 2.5 hours, but I spent an extra hour trying to find some imaginery secret switch that could reveal contents after the third chapter.And then there were none.But honetstly, the third chapter was apparently ended without finishing the story! This is outrageous! I paid the money to play a FULL story!!!Alright, it is not fair if I say the beginning was not attactive, or the writer lack talent. Puzzles are okay in spite of their utter simpleness. I think if the game makers would add 3 or 4 chapters and render the whole story complete, it will worth a recommendation.But sadly, it seems they have no intention of doing so."
76561198087723047,Recommended,288930,15406087,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Sirgabbage,"It's OKAY. Just okay. I would still say give it a play, but it feels kind of rushed and simplified compared to other point and click adventures. I'd say Alex is a really unlikable character.Why does she have to swear in every single sentence? It seems like the writers tried very hard to portray a young woman. I honestly thought she was a teenager from how she spoke, then you find out later she's actually in her mid to late 20's. Completely unbelievable, especially as a 29 year old myself.Harold Lang is a lot better and all the other characters are pretty cool. Lang's reactions are more believable and realistic. I like the train conductor Ol' Don the best though. I will say I love the old pixelated style a lot and the concept of being on a train where everything goes wrong."
,Recommended,288930,15410713,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Rood Boi,"I saw this on my steam suggestions, and almost passed by it. It's by pure chance that I actually clicked on this game, and I am really glad I did. The game has a very simple design to it. It's all click based, there are almost no puzzles to solve, and for the most part it's more of a story than a game. However, the story is amazing, with many ""holy crap!"" moments, and epiphanies. At several points in the game I though that I figured out exactly what is happening, just to be told several moments later how wrong I was. This is definitely a game worth checking out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdyJ6Ts6_aE"
,Recommended,288930,24224364,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Not-So-Serious Sam,"The Charnel House Trilogyis a point-and-click horror/adventure game that lasts about two and a half hours. Right up until the last five minutes or so, I thought I was following the plot pretty well. Then the Big Reveal finally came, the nature of the game's paranormal threat was explained, and... I still don't get what was ""really"" supposed to be going on.Nevertheless, I enjoyed the ride. The story is paced well, with creepy elements being added in just the right amounts and increments to keep the narrative momentum going (and the player feeling increasingly uneasy). The voice acting is also quite good for what appears to be a fairly low-budget game (video game critic Jim Sterling plays a supporting character).A warning though: this is not a game for puzzle fans. Most of the game unfolds through simple fetch quests (""Hey friend, would you go to the bar and get me a shot of whiskey?"") and the resulting dialogue upon completion of said fetching (""Thanks for the whiskey. Hey, did I ever tell you about....""). A few puzzles are interspersed here and there, but the answers are so heavily hinted that I was never stuck for more than thirty seconds or so -- and this is coming from a guy who almost always resorts to a walkthrough at least a few times before finishing most other adventure games. In other words, playThe Charnel House Trilogyfor its story and atmosphere rather than for an intellectual challenge.Oh, and just in case you're confused by the game's title: it's called a ""Trilogy"" because it's told in three chapters (each lasting about 45 minutes). All three chapters are included when you buy the game, and are all accessed from one main menu. As far as I know, there aren't any other games in the series besides this one (though I believe a sequel is planned)."
,Recommended,288930,26716048,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,lady_rosali,"This game is awesome, THIS is how real psychological horror looks like in my humble opinion. It doesn't contain a lot of jump-scares or gore, but it is still one of the most distrubing games I've ever played.I think a big part of why this game is so deeply terrifying without any cheap tricks is that the stories are about just regular people, like those who you can live next door to. I've finished it in ~3.3 hours, but the game still took time to establish characters enough that I felt connected to them on good enough level to really care.The atmosphere is awesome, soundtrack is really nice too and the voice acting is done very tastefully and with care.11/10"
,Not Recommended,288930,29351418,Posted: 18 January,all,BinarySplit,"It's 2 hours long and completely linear with very few puzzles. It's important to highlight that this isn't an ""adventure game"" - it's interactive fiction. You don't explore, you just point the character to their next objective, which is always something obvious.The value of the game depends entirely on whether you appreciate the story, the voice acting, the art and the music. Did I enjoy them? Not really. There were good bits (the main character's voice acting & back story), adequate bits (art and music), but the story and the other characters were disappointingly flat and underdeveloped."
76561198129236672,Recommended,288930,23765797,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Marcinos1985,"Very intriguing game, with well-sketched characters. Story is quite grim and depressing and obviously demands a sequel. All fans of retro adventure games will be at home here.Unfortunately, this game is extremely short - about 2h long. Pity, but still recommended."
76561198041535357,Recommended,288930,21337168,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,theXyla,"The Charnel House Trilogy consists of 3 short adventures: Inhale, Sepulchre, and Exhale.the whole trilogy can be completed in around 2 hours.But I found that to be the perfect length. They're presented to the player as classic point 'n click adventure games. But in fact, there's not much in form of actual puzzles. You have an inventory from which you'll need to use or combine some things you collect. It's very easy at all times, since your objectives are rather clear.Should you play it?Well, that depends.If you're expecting a satisfying point'nclick adventure game with many good puzzles, lots of locations and a huge, maybe even funny story, then: no. The Charnel house trilogy is very basic and the gameplay elements serve mostly to present the 3 connected short stories.BUT.If you're in for the creepy atmosphere (victorianesque-creepy, like ""The Masque of the Red Death"" from Poe) and want an experience that's quickly completed, but does stay due to its sheer atmosphere: then YES, you should play it.This game is best enjoyed during a dark, stormy evening. Light a candle or two, ensure there's quiet in the house and just let yourself fall into the whole strangeness of this tale."
76561197993118789,Recommended,288930,29306229,Posted: 16 January,all,nerloch,"The ground beneath me calls my name...A decent attempt at creating a classic gothic horror tale mixed with a dash of strong-willed and unusual characters that populate it, make The Charnel House Trilogy a fun, thoughtful and chilling ride.I'll avoid the plot of the game entirely since the player's enjoyment comes from knowing little to none on what awaits her/him. The Charnel House trilogy is made up of three short episodes, and you can look at around two hours to finish them all. Story and the motives the game deals with are interesting and unnerving as they should be, and have left a lasting impression on me. Some of the morbid history subject Charnel House deals with have made me pause the game once in a while to check on the net if it really was the case (and to my morbid curiosity and excitement, they were :).Since the game was made with AGS engine, it is bound to low resolution but detailed 2D art coupled with great music and sound effects make up for it. Voice acting on the other hand is a mixed bag with some performances being very good to other sounding amateurish, and can on a few occasions pull you out of the game's atmosphere and experience. Also the first two episodes are way too short, leaving the atmosphere of the horror not nearly enough time to bloom and leave a terrifying mark on me, but the third somewhat lengthier and meatier episode successfully produces the sense of trepidation, uneasiness and wonderment, and makes up for the short and trimmed first two episodes. Just be warned that the ride ends with a cliffhanger, and the sequel the developers have announced is already behind the schedule. -.-So if you are looking for something spooky, in a vein of Gabriel Knight or Phantasmagoria, made on an indie budget and that lasts a fraction of above-mentioned adventure classics, I moderately recommend you try out this little gem. It won't rock your world in fear, but it will provide a few cold dashes of dread for an evening :)"
,Recommended,288930,32579775,Posted: 19 June,all,Fauxfire76 [RB],"A messed up game! I mean that in the best of ways. Creepy as hell and really well done. On more than one occasion it made me say ""WHAT THE F***!?"" and gasp out loud. A memorable experience and well worth the time. The puzzles were fairly straightforward. The voice acting was AMAZING. Highly recommended!"
,Not Recommended,288930,17211974,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Calavera,"Really unfortunately a bummer.The premise is real solid, with a weird Lovecraftian adherence to the weird and unexplained, but sadly that's where the enjoyment for me ended.The first biggest problem for me is the dialogue. It feels like every character was written to sound slightly tired and distant, to showcase a dreariness to the world, yet unfortunately no-one seems to be able to sound like anything more than entirely bored and disconnected to the project. I made me skip ALL of the dialogue in act 3 because I couldn't bear to listen to a cast of people who seemed like they didn't want to be there.This game is also criminally short, which doesn't give the premise of the story time to breathe. So before you so much as get into the groove of things. It's over with a tiny little bow on top, though it leaves a little more to use in a possible sequel. In simpler terms, this game is at dire risk of being played through and then refunded, since it can be beaten in 1.5 hours if you're quick. Yikes.The puzzles in this game are also not the most interesting. They can all be just considered fetch quests with a liberal amount of backtracking which comes across like backtracking, the fact that act 2 & 3 essentially use the same art assets cements this bad taste.I like some really key things about this game, but for $6.50 I would rather have gotten myself a burger."
,Recommended,288930,15429239,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Lini,"This game is just the beginning of what seems to me to be a very nice series. The story is intriguing and unsettling at first, then turns pretty creepy. Maybe it was the time of night I played this game at, but I've never felt this many chills run over me. There are scarier games and more frightening ones of course. But this one has the potential to give you chills. If you're a scaredy cat like me :3The music was very good and gave the game just the right kind of atmosphere. The gameplay is just what you'd expect. So that was enjoyable for me too.If you enjoyed the Blackwell series by Wadjet Eye Games, you will probably enjoy this game as well.I certainly can't wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,288930,16141365,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,"THE CHARNEL HOUSE TRILOGY is a really chilling and creepy point'n'click adventure.This is one train-ride you'll never forget!This game is really creepy even without stupid jumpscares and chases. The chilling atmosphere, the plot, the excellent writing, the little details; all this makes this game a great horror pnc Adventure! Its short but cheap and Jim ♥♥♥♥ing Sterling is voicing one of the characters. Definitely get this game!"
,Recommended,288930,16428755,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,FransisKransis,"Good. At its core a solid adventure game story, and while I would have liked to have seen it go longer (its composed of three chapters) I think it still stands up on its own. The writing is reasonable and the voice acting is generally enjoyable, my biggest qualm is that the ""puzzles"" need to be more fleshed out and challenge the player more. I also agree with other steam users, Sepulchre is by far the best chapter in all aspects. I'll definitely be keeping an eye out for the sequel, in hope that it can hit the same level and not drag on like inhale and exhale did."
,Recommended,288930,15433214,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Jimmotep,"I don't normally write reviews unless it's an awful or brilliant game. This game is brilliant. If you haven't worked it out by now, this is a horror game. It doesn't rely on jumpscares to scare you, it relies on atmosphere. Mix that with a gorgeous art style, excellent soundtrack and brilliant writing and voice acting and you get this game. It isn't afraid to put in humour, either, with a few jokes put in it that don't feel out of place. It took me almost 2 hours to finish and it was worth the price. I'd recommend this to anyone, whether you're a horror fan or not, I'd buy this."
,Recommended,288930,17020761,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Codename: Juliette,"A short and surprisingly tense adventure game that favors narrative over gameplay.Calling it a Trilogy was probably a bad move on the developer's part.Charnel Houseis a single story divided into three short chapters. By the end of it all there isn't a whole lot of closure, mostly because it's the setup game to a much longer adventure game set to release in 2016.Still, it's a spooky two hours filled with moreBlackwellreferences than you can shake a stick at. Worth checking out, just don't expect a full story."
76561197991308575,Recommended,288930,16314291,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,spauldingae,"This is a wierd, creepy little horror game. A train voyage in the middle of the night, where things just get wierder and creepier as things progress. A fair bit of mind screw in the plot that defineatly feels like it's going somewhere(which presumably we'll see in 2016).It's short though. I clocked in at 80 minutes for all three episodes complete, which is probably due to a lack of puzzles(and what few puzzles are in the game are simple ones). However, I enjoyed the story and the atmosphere quite a bit, so the short length leads to good, tense pacing.There were a few small annoyances for me. The main character, Alex, comes across as kind of emo and annoying in the first episode(thankfully, she's a lot more relatable once she's on the train) . The other annoyance was the fact that Jim Sterling-son voice acting is intially distracting. It's not that he does a bad job(far from it) but knowing his voice from other places made it hard for me to see him as a character and not Jim Sterling's voice coming out of someone elses mouth. At least intially. As the game went on I got used to hearing it and it didn't bother me. All of these were minor issues for me and both inherent to the first(and wearkest) episode.Very much reminds me of the Last Door and if you liked that, you'll likely enjoy this. For $5 that steam is asking, yes, it's worth the price if you like Horror."
,Recommended,288930,17718127,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,MelBee42,"Having recently played The Cat Lady (amazing game) I was looking to play something with a similar vibe - I love horror/the macabre and I love point and click games, and this seemed to fit the bill pretty well.Pros+ Story moves you along well - at no point are you stuck, wandering around wondering what to do, endlessly talking to the same people again and clicking on things randomly in case you missed something. This is something that seems to happen in a lot of point and click games, but not here.+ Decent pixel art graphics (if you like that sort of thing)+ Great story which has chilling moments - it's a subtle terror, though+ Liberal dose of swearing (I realise some may see this as a con, but this isn't a game for kids, and it fitted the situation and situation)+ Voice acting is OK (not brilliant though).Cons- Very short. Calling it a 'trilogy' really does give the impression you're getting three games here, which isn't the case at all. There's 3 short chapters in an overarching story and is one of the shortest games I've played for a while. (It probably goes without saying that there's no real replayability here either)- A few minor irritants - for example, in chapter two, for most of the hotspots you can interact with, the dialogue is the same whether you select 'examine' or 'interact/use'. In the context of gameplay the responses you get therefore don't always make sense. This isn't the case in the other chapters, so although it's a small thing it just seems like a weird thing to cut corners on- Gameplay is very easy/basic - although I play a lot of point and clicks, I'm pretty rubbish at them and usually have to refer to a walkthrough at least point during a game. Definitely not the case here - the game actually drops heavy handed hints even when you don't need them, basically telling you what to do in places. I know other games tend to give you hints after you've been pootling around for a while and are clearly stuck - I'm not sure why this game tells you pretty much what you should be doing before you even have a chance to try anything (example scene - 'I could kill for a cigarette right now')- Story is a little more ambiguous than I would like in places.OverallThe pros outweigh the cons - this is is a great little game that's worth a look if you like point and clicks or horror themed games."
,Recommended,288930,18620308,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Mar044,"A really short game, but worth the buy, It's very gothic, without giving away the plot, supernatural meets the butterfly effect, the game is compared to a short story, and worth checking out, even if you will be done it in 3hrs. Honestly there is something about it that get's under your skin, but it's well done, short but well done, a buy for sure."
,Not Recommended,288930,21508231,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,stardustsunday,"Loved the experience, but the game was just too short for me to recommend at its current price. I got it at $2.60 (~US$1.85) and it lasted me at most 1 hour or so (ignore my recorded gametime as I left the game running while I went for lunch). And there is no ending - instead we get a sort of cliffhanger that paves the way for a sequel. Also, the game plays more like an extremely linear visual novel than an adventure game with puzzles to solve.The GoodNostalgic art style- Reminiscent of games likeKing's QuestandMonkey Island, except with nice anti-aliasing so it doesn't appear too sharply pixellated even at large resolutions.Fully voiced- Even comments your character makes about objects are voiced. And the female protagonist is very good. Can't really say the same about some of the other characters though.Interesting story- Makes you want to find out more. Many questions are raised, and the narrative unfolds in intriguing ways as the game progresses.Intriguing characters- In addition to the 2 protagonists (both of which you get to control at some point), the other characters in the game are pretty engaging, and sometimes in ways you don't expect!Horror genre but with no cheap jumpscares- Doesn't rely on""Boo! I scared you!""moments to achieve its sense of creepiness and unease.Good atmosphere- The artwork and a bit of subtle background sound/music largely contributed to this. Despite its short length, the game manages to get quite immersive. There's one scene with a music box playing that was particularly effective.The BadToo short- At most 1 hour of gameplay for me.No ending- Wedoget some answers to a few of the questions asked in the story, but the game ends abruptly. A sequel is to follow, so I heard.Far too easy- No thinking at all needed. Inventory and scene options are very limited(e.g. there are many instances in the game where you can only stay within one screen), so you almost always know what you must do next. Very often, your character even tells you specifically what to do next after a cutscene ends!Extremely linear- Very little free roaming or exploration involved, since very often you are limited to 1 or 2 screens max. The game makes it such that youmustdo things in a certain order.Plays more like a visual novel than an adventure game- That's what happens when there are no puzzles to solve and zero options available.I wished there were more to explore and find out. This on the whole just seemed like a teaser for something bigger which is to come. I'd recommend getting this only if it were less than a dollar."
,Recommended,288930,34458111,Posted: 24 August,all,RainDancer,"Charnel house is a short point and click horror adventure split into three sections or chapters (playable separately) , there are two playable characters Alex Davenport and Professor Harold Lang, (although two of the three sections you play as Alex).  The puzzles  (few that there are) are pretty easy to figure out, and the games main strength is the characters and story.It's not a game with  lots of action or danger, or a game that will make you jump out your seat scared.  Its more of a creepy and disturbing horror, than outright scary, and some of the things that the characters discover on their journey are seriously messed up.It would be nice if the game was longer, but then it tells the story it needs to without being rushed at its current length, and longer may have made it too drawn out. If  I have any complaints it's more that there's a little too much hand-holding from the game, you're practically guided to everything you need to do, and that the puzzles are too easy .This short ""trilogy"" is supposed to be a lead in to another game, Augur Peak, which is hinted at in the end, but I've not seen any news or official mention of Augur Peak at all since 2015, so am not sure if the main game this was leading into is still going ahead or not.I did enjoy this triology anyway, even as is,  so would still recommend it if you are a fan of point and click adventures and more paranormal. ominous type horror, just keep the above points in mind."
,Recommended,288930,31053126,Posted: 9 April,all,Gamer In The Shell,TL;DRThis game is strange...very strange. That is agoodthing though.StyleIt has a very retro 80s point and click style to it that lend itself overall to the atmosphere. The voice acting pretty good and fits the story nicely.GameplayMechanically its a standard point and click adventure. My only issue with the game design is that the without a quest tracker or something like that some times I feltslighlylost on what to do. The puzzles are minimal to the point that they borderline on nonexistent.StoryStory wise it is super compelling. At first the game feels slowalmost boringtill the information being given sinks in and you realize how intense things really are. This game is creepy at some points and weird at others but it never feels out of place or cheap. It adds to the overall atmosphere of the game. The game is rather short though; Its about a hour and a half long game.Overall:Its a good weird game and with its price point shouldnt be passed up.Edit:I do have asmalladmission though. I accidentally started with the third Chapter then did the first Chapter and finished with the second Chapter after realizing my mistake. Honsetly after doing all three I like the that format better then doing the Chapters in order.
76561198189376502,Not Recommended,288930,21155345,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,"Dig, Larry, dig!","I enjoy a good 'point and click' adventure, but this one was super short, completely unchallenging and totally devoid of entertainment value. There were literally zero puzzles and the story was virtually non-existent. Conclusion? The Charnel House Trilogy is a waste of time and money. Shame on Steam for offering this demo-length game for anything but FREE! Finishing all three 'episodes' took literally a half hour. I kept thinking 'Seriously? This can't be the whole game!' But alas, it was, which I found extremely disappointing. Moving forward, I'll be doing much more outside research prior to making any  additional purchases from Steam, as 'Charnel's' user summary somehow indicated its reviews had been 'mostly positive.' From whom?! I find it hard to believe that anyone who's actually played through this 'game' could've found any redeeming qualities therein. Back to GOG I go...."
,Recommended,288930,33384261,Posted: 8 July,all,Paradise Destructor,"This game reminds me a lot of ""The Cat Lady"" and that's why I loved playing through it!It was not THAT epic like our dear Cat Lady, but thrilling in a similar way.So if you liked The Cat Lady or for another example some of the Wadjet Eye Adventures, this should fit you just right.It's a bit short though."
,Recommended,288930,15406771,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Jasyla,"The Charnel House trilogy, a classic style point-and-click adventure game by Owl Cave, succeeds at telling a great story. In the first chapter, Inhale, we meet Alex, a 20-something woman who seems to be working to overcome some hardships – a recent break-up that’s still in the forefront of her mind, a sick father.  Alex will be going on a journey. This first act functions mainly as a set-up for the rest of the game, and introduces us to the characters and themes that will be explored more deeply later on. Act 2, Sepulchre, was actually available as a standalone game for a while and is made stronger by the bookending chapters. Sepulchre focuses on Harold, who boarded a train with Alex, and has to deal with strange events that are happening. While Harold seems to be in an almost fugue-like state, Alex is plagued by her memories, which weigh heavily on her. Act 3, Exhale, goes back to Alex and does an amazing job at tying everything together.It’s hard to say a lot about the story without giving things away, but the titles (Charnel House, Sepulchre) should certainly give you an idea of the direction it takes. While it is a horror game, it’s not scary in the traditional sense, but provides a gradually increasing sense of unease that worms its way in and turns into dread. The writing by Ashton Raze is on point. Dialogue goes from sounding completely natural to Lynchian levels of bizarre. The best praise I can give is that from Act 2 on, no line is wasted. Everything has a purpose, and is building towards something. It’s a very well constructed story with a self-aware script, and it gets better as it goes.For a game that maxes out at a 320 x 200 resolution, not a pixel is out of place. The style is very reminiscent of the Blackwell series (Ben Chandler did work on both this and The Blackwell Epiphany). The character portraits that pop up during conversations are lovely and the backgrounds, few that they are, are attractive.The soundtrack often blends seamlessly into the background, but when it becomes more prominent, it’s really quite great. I highly recommend playing this with headphones, I put them on halfway through and was immediately impressed by how great it sounded. The voice acting is competent. Madeleine Roux’s Alex started off a little flat, but got better as the game went on. I have no complaints about the rest of the main players. Jim Sterling did well in his turn as a too-friendly neighbour, and the smaller parts were also generally well done. Though to be honest, I can’t hear Abe Goldfarb without thinking of Joey Malone.The game is light on puzzles, but since the story is the star, that works out. There’s no mindless combining of inventory items or pixel-hunting for objects. Gameplay is quite straightforward, and I think more challenging puzzles would have been a distraction.I only have one real complaint about the game. Inhale is peppered with in-jokes and nods to the voice actors. In-jokes are okay, but the first 10 or so minutes of the game consisted of little else, so that it was a bit of a turn-off.  Once the game got that out of its system, the story started steaming ahead and I was more than happy to go along for the ride."
,Recommended,288930,15513122,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,lake.kubilius,"Excellent story-driven point and click adventure game.  Interesting in the first two parts, fascinating in the last.  The art style is also surprisingly good, especially considering the game's vintage resolution.  I'm looking forward to the sequel(s?)."
,Recommended,288930,24568427,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,maskofthephantasm,"A cool, quick, psych-thriller adventure game. I got this game on sale - it's a quick one, so the $6 tag might make some flinch, but I found myself having a lot of fun with it. There's a few points worth making, though.Calling this ""3 adventure games in one"" is a bit of a stretch for what you get. The game has three chapters which all depend on one another for any sort of coherence, and should be played chronologically ideally. The games are straight adventure, with not a lot of real puzzles persay aside from the typical adventure game ""rub all inventory items on all things"". It's pretty clearly more a story using the game format as a mode of delivery, but I think it works well overall.Charnel House Trilogy feels more like a really good prologue than a whole story in and of itself. Everything is very trippy, symbolic, and abstract. Some people, like myself, love that sort of thing. Others don't. A free demo of the second chapter, Sepulchre, is available on Owl Cave's website (and on here) and if you're having doubts, I suggest giving it a go - it will definitely give you enough of the overall tone for you to make a call on.You can gather most of what's going on generally speaking by reading between the lines of the game, but even then there's several narrative questions that need answering. The good news is, the devs say the sequel is coming of within 2016 (ideally), so honestly I may wait until that comes out to really give this a go.Technically, the game is sound. Owl Cave and Wadjet Eye share several brains, so if you're a fan of Blackwell or any of the others, you'll definitely be getting vibes of that in the art and music. Voice acting is also relatively clear and of pretty good quality - lots of good actors here. Maybe don't fullscreen it, though. It makes otherwise nice sprite art look like lint on your screen.Overall, I'd say play the demo and see if you're more enthralled or infuriated. If you like it, purchase it - but maybe wait until the sequel comes out if more solid answers are important to you in a story."
76561198132824678,Recommended,288930,25431493,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,gravitationaltim,"I love adventure games, so I was really ready to get into this game and play it for a few days straight, so I was kind've shocked when it took me no time at all. Not that a short adventure game is some kind of affornt to nature, but the story itself starts and abruptly stops, making you feel like... where's the rest? But it's mostly my fault for not doing enough research/reading, as I later found out that this is technically what the developer called an ""extended intro"" for their next game coming out soon. Calling it a trilogy is a bit deceptive as it's all-in-all about five hours of gameplay, and is not a complete story, but rather the prologue, which is something one should have in mind when thinking about purchasing it.I would reccommend it though because everything about it is really good. The interface is perfectly easy to use, the art is all very beautiful, and it was very easy to get into with lots of things going on that you can spend time wondering the significance of. It's far from boring, and it's obvious that a lot of effort went into the look and feel. Wait for an inevitable package with the whole game if you want, but if you're a big fan of quality adventure games, your money could certainly be used support worse projects. Not gonna lie, the dissappointment makes it hard to give a lavish review, but it is a good start. Some of the plot points seem a bit rushed towards the end, but I'll save judgement for the overarching plot when the whole game is out. Fact of the matter is: it definitely made me want to buy their next game."
,Recommended,288930,18692836,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,taplaysanexus,"""If I were to sum up this review in just a handful of words, I'd say that this is the videogame equivalent of a 1-star Netflix horror movie...""""...The gameplay is almost a hybrid between a Point and Click and an Interactive Novel, I'm a huge fan of the controls you left-click to interact with an object and right-click to observe an object, it works well and is very intuitive. There are light puzzle-solving elements, inventory based puzzles, I felt as though all these puzzles were easy to solve, very self explanatory, never got stuck at any point...""Read the full review @http://tastinggaming.blogspot.com/"
,Recommended,288930,16565451,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pepethor,"Absulutely yes. I ♥♥♥♥ing hate those new gen horror games which made so that ""youtubers"" can ""react"". This one the real deal. Great story, great music, great acting. A bit short but this is a must have for adventure-horror fans."
76561197992749322,Recommended,288930,16273750,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Cat,"This highly esoteric trilogy is an absolute joy. Very few games invoke so much thinking about them outside of game play hours. I have often found myself sitting musing on possible explinations or researching some of the things presented in game for a better understanding. Classic point and click, along side a very special atmospheric, tension built horror. Not many hours game play - but worth every penny. Can not wait for the next installment."
76561198003151435,Recommended,288930,15891072,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Sharktits,"TL:DR; A solid 10/10 from me. Well worth the asking price for a couple of hours of good, clean, psychological horror fun.I really enjoyed this game. Good voice acting from everyone involved (though Jim Sterling's voice doesn't quite fit the look of the character he plays, he does a good job regardless), nice artstyle, puzzles that don't require copious amounts of psychotropic drugs to understand, and intuitive, no-nonsense point-and-click controls.However, the game's strongest suit is, by far, the story and the narrative. It constantly leaves you wondering, had me genuinely concerned and confused (in a good way) several times, and has a couple of really good twists I didn't see coming."
76561198055889291,Recommended,288930,15911954,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Chlora_Virgo,"If you are searching for a traditional quest, then I must say, that this game is not about It. It doesn't have that much in terms of gameplay, it's more like the game is playing you, leading you through the story BUT!It offers you the incredibly tense horror-drama with lots of plot-twists. It will make you gasp and have chills.The symbolism and metaphors in the game are also amazing, they create the atmosphere of the unknown and slight traces of death in the air. You may have noticed, that the story is original, written by Ashton Raze, and not based on anything. That's really a masterpiece, which even could be made into a book or a movie. I would totally join the fandom :)Overall, I certainly recommend this game to those, who like good horror and drama story and searching for a strong emotional shake."
,Recommended,288930,19250803,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Xxx KaYDeN xxX,Loved it!!! great voice acting story is good 2 a lil hard to follow but u wil pick it up/ i grew up playing point and click games classic sierra titles like kings quest / quest for glory / space quest mr roger wilco lol also the dig etc!! CANT WAIT for the sequel augers peak 2016 wil b buying on day one =) thx for the experiance
,Recommended,288930,15931354,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,K△TNISS,"As a fan of point and click adventure titles, I decided to give The Charnel House Trilogy a try.  I guess a sentimental part of me, coupled with my nostalgia enticed me to purchase this title, given the slew of positive reviews.  In short - I am giving this a very hesitant thumbs up.  While the story is engaging and mysterious enough, the game inevitably falls short with menial objectives, totally bizarre item placement void of logic, and overall a very short playthrough (I probably blitzed through the first chapter in 30 minutes or less).  So why the thumbs up?  To put simply - I want the devs to continue without being disheartened, and I always have a soft spot in my heart for indie point and clicks.To keep things short, here are my points.+ Story is compelling enough to follow through to the end (Somewhat)+ Dedicated chapters keep things in bite sized pieces+ Voice acting, for the most part, is average+ Graphics fall in line with the typical point and click genre from devs such as Wadjet Eye- Character development is paper thin- Overall length of the game is extremely short- Absolutely no puzzles or challenge is required to progressSummaryAn interesting enough story that falls short in its execution with uninteresting characters and dialogue, and bizarre progression that seems to escape logic (even for point and click standards).  I would recommend it only to hardcore collectors of the point and click genre."
76561197970617604,Recommended,288930,22616992,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,-(aaK)- ICE,"Let me start off by saying the game is very short, but don't let that put you off as the game is filled with mystery, suspense and and driven by an excellent story with a superb music score in the background.I read there may be a sequal to this and if there is it'll be a pre-order for me!"
76561198070887333,Recommended,288930,21947044,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,The Fortune Teller,"Very good adventure game, with an amazingly disturbing story. If you are a horror fan, check it out."
,Recommended,288930,18359087,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Kallestofeles,"To start this off, in case the linux version is not yet patched, as you are reading this and unable to start the game, check the community forums for CHT script issues - it'll get you playing in no time!Now honestly? I think this is a marvelous piece of point-and-click style art. There are a few moments when some of the voice acting sounds a bit cheeky, but that's probably due to me just being used to Jim's voice on his YT channel.Art direction is pixel-art and is done right! Very well put together for a nice atmosphere.To say that this is a ""horror"" title... I don't know, I'd say that it's more a thriller of sorts. It starts off slow but interesting, then the second chapter leaves you questioning what exactly is happening, when it is all gathered up nicely in the third chapter. Excellent writing for a short story! Also, a nice little sequence in the end leaves some room for future titles which I, for one, will be getting for sure.The only ""downside"" of the game, if you can even call it that, is that it's relatively short. Would suggest picking this one up if you're looking for a great story for the evening - or if you also like the Blackwell series, the two are very similar in some ways.Anyways, a big greasy thumbs up for this title from me for sure!"
,Recommended,288930,17049988,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,cjstephe278,Tension in this game is as palpable as a psychopath softly pressing a knife against your balls.10/10; would reflexivelyclutch balls in fear again
,Recommended,288930,17461583,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,eaturbyfill,"This game is fantastically dark and thought-provoking. Many complain about the first part, Inhale, but to me it was an important part of the story. It provided exposition and details about one of the main characters and set the tone for the rest of the game. It continues to become darker throughout. While there are no difficult puzzles or failure possibilities, that works well with the game. It is more about the writing and experience. Too much difficulty would have pulled me away from that to a degree. In all three parts I was working to piece together the stories of the characters, making up theories, and was left wanting more."
,Recommended,288930,17411998,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,B!lks,"Initially I only checked this game out because I saw that one of the voice actors was Jim F*****G Sterling Son!! Seeing that it was a point n click adventure game that was resonably priced, I thought ""meh, I'll give it a punt"" and I am so glad I did.Don't let the name fool you, I really couldn't say that this is a trillogy.  More of a game with three acts/chapters to it.The game is short, inhale (the first chapter) will only take about 10 minutes to figure out but the story MORE than makes up for it's length.  However once you have completed it, I'm sure you will agree that the length is satisfactory.  Although I would have liked to see more puzzles within the game, especially more ways to combine items.It has the right blend of awkward humour you would expect in a point n click together with atmospheric horror that Lovecraft would be proud to have written.  The voice acting was suprisingly good and Jim Sterling (son) did a great job, hopefully we will see more of him in future games.  The audio quality could have been better though.  You could hear the background noise when the person was talking (like when your in voice chat software like ventrillo and someone has it set to push to talk and you hear some white noise first before they speak).Overall, a great game and I can't wait for the next installment."
76561198043569037,Not Recommended,288930,29992048,Posted: 17 February,all,partariothegoth,"This was a difficult choice for me. While I definitely enjoyed parts of this game and overall felt it an enjoyab;e experience, there are too many things holding it back for me to really recommend it. First of all, it's length; I genuinely thought the game had bugged out or something after the first chapter because it was so short, like it didn't feel complete, so I was left unsatisfied and, while the other two chapters were better in that regards, I still feel like the whole game could have done with being a bit longer. The chapters are also somehwat disjointed, which isn't exactly a problem, but with already feeling too short, I feel it just doesn't work out.My biggest disappointment however was with the ending, I won't go into details but it seemed way too over the top. I greatly appreciated the subtley of the creep factor this game had, in fact it was one of my faorite parts of it, so the ending not only seemed overdramatic to the point of ridiculousness (I was actually laughing during it), it seems wholly out of place and really drags the rest of the game down with it for me.I would have likely recommended this game if it stayed consistent in its disturbance factor, instead of going for the shock WHAM! ending, even if the game was frustratingly short."
76561198006529776,Recommended,288930,21357490,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ellchuc,A very good short and easy point and click horror  story that needs a sequel.
,Recommended,288930,20398285,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,nekobun,"In a time of horror games that rely more on monster closets or cheap jump scares than they do any sort of atmosphere or dread, The Charnel House Trilogy is a welcome creep-out that matches its building darkness with its point-and-click pace. Following a fateful encounter, a man and a young woman separated by fewer degrees than they realize board a train for a rather peculiar and rather disturbing journey.Despite being dubbed a trilogy, the game on the whole is rather short. This is not a disadvantage, however, as it keeps the plot tight and keeps things moving along at a pretty good clip, so long as you don't get stuck on any of the puzzles. In the first segment, we learn about Alex, still infuriated by a relatively recent breakup and not having the best evening in her apartment before an impending train trip. This is mostly establishment, though we are introduced to the other playable character, Dr. Harold Lang, and the train central to the plot, at the end.In the second segment, Dr. Lang is highlighted, left alone to interact with the train's mysterious but friendly conductor, who sends him roaming among every cabin -but- Alex's for some reason to chat (or try to chat) with some other peculiar passengers. Strangeness accelerates rapidly, eventually leading to some grim discoveries regarding Dr. Lang's fate and, possibly, his present as well.Alex returns in the third chapter, similarly left to roam the train and avoid Alex despite wondering what he's up to. Alex meets a greater number of passengers than Lang did, and eventually starts inexplicably stumbling her way through her past. Reliving several events from her more recent months, she discovers the truth behind what drove her to take this trip in the first place, and some things about people she thought she knew better.Despite the short length and the low price, The Charnel House Trilogy is a beautiful game. The sprite work is great, the animation fluid, and the voice work is fantastic. I did have some mild beef with Alex's monologue toward the end of the first chapter sounding rather flat in its delivery, but this was not an issue that repeated itself later on. It was also great to hear Abe Goldfarb again, as he's quite a familiar earful from his regular appearances in other point-and-clicks. Jim Sterling also delivers what is arguably his creepiest performance to date, which is saying quite a bit if you're familiar with his Podtoid, Fistshark, Dismal Jesters, or Podquisition history.If it wasn't clear already, I highly recommend picking this up. It seems there may be a follow-up down the line as well, and I cannot wait to see more."
76561198106444148,Recommended,288930,16669631,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Dinfire,"For people who like point click adventures then this is a no brainer. This game dives into the pyschological world of life, death and everything in between. The story starts slow but, continues to build throughout; culminating in a very creepy third act. This game is difficult to talk about without giving away to much of the story, but is definitely worth picking up if your a fan of horror, literature, poetry, or just being creeped out.My only complaint; There were times I felt i was just clicking on random things to further the story. Not exactly uncommon for the genre though."
76561198008063747,Recommended,288930,16610744,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ICHistorian,"To start, I must say that I wholly recommend this game.  The story, while at times strange and disjointed, is compelling enough to keep you playing without holding your hand through solving puzzles or providing thorough explanation.  You start playing as Alex Davenport, an apathetic 27 year old with some serious distress in her past.  She, along with archeologist Harold Lang board a train for Auger Peak Island, where they hope to find... something?  The train itself could be many things, but 'of this world' is certainly not one of them.  I highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in classic point and click adventures, or horror games with something a bit more than faulty animatronics or yet another zombie infestation.  Terrific game, great voice acting, with a compelling story.  You cannot go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,288930,16778208,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Hellsknight,"The Charnel House Trilogy is a point and click story/game thingy. The reason for calling it a thingy rather than a game is because the puzzles are waaaay too easy. Its probably the easiest point and click game i have ever played. The art style is awesome, sorta reminds me of older point and click games like Beneath a Steel Sky. The voice acting is really good (except for just one extra) and the naritive is driven through voiced dialogue amongst the three parts of this game that make up the trilogy. The story itself is... i wouldn't call it horror, more creepy or earie. Even the background music sets the tone. I would recomend this to anyone who is looking for a short and strange, well written experience.I should say that the demo is available for free download on the store page and consists of the second part of this trilogy. Also i should mention that this game did not run well for me in full screen, and the resolution was not adjustable, it basically gave me strange mouse issues. However runniing it in windowed mode was a really great experience and fixed that completely. Also, it is just soo short and i wish it was longer.NOTE - If you are visually impared, this is one of those games that is entirely voiced. More over it works well in windowed mode with windows magnifier, even though the text is also very large and legible. Now and then there might be an object that you might miss but this game and its levels are so small, you will probably find it faster than you might expect."
76561198061903331,Recommended,288930,15583527,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,MellowCell,Decent game. Easy flowing gameplay. Too short.
,Recommended,288930,24067656,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DatArsenalFan,"The game is an atmospheric and stylish point and click adventure. The art style is retro 2D. The story narration is good and game play mechanic is simple. No QTE. Just enjoy the story as you progress. The background is well done. The game is short, it took me 4 hours to comlete but your milage may vary.Overall, The Charnel House Triolgy is a good game which delivers an absorbing story along with a unique art style. However, the ending still didn't answer all the questions, so hopefully next chapter will answer them."
,Recommended,288930,21556759,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,The Geeky Gimp,"I am still trying to process this game, which I finished a few hours ago. There are themes here which ht close to home, but any game that stays with you long after it end must be, in some sense, good.The puzzles are ridiculously easy, but that it isn't what this game is about - so it doesn't bother me. It's all about the story."
,Recommended,288930,28921328,Posted: 1 January,all,RoseVonMassacre,"I spent the last few hours wondering wether to give a positive or negative review and well, you can see by yourselves to what conclusion I came.I'm a little bummed by the fact that it's more an interractive story than a real game and it's very short (2 hours and you're done) but that story guys, THAT STORY: WOAH!I'm gonna be honest I thought it was inspired by a book and my first thought was ""Wait I gotta pause this and google who the author is then I'm gonna buy the novel. Period"". Props to the mind who gave birth to the story.I'm not gonna complain because the game hasn't been translated in my native language as someone did: there's everything you need to know about the game on its Steam page so you know what you're buying. You don't know english? Your fault, I don't see why the creators should suffer for your ignorance. You want it translated? Ask for it. Wait for it.Nice music, really enjoyed the voiceover.The game is really easy, you can't go wrong.Only thing is: it's not worth the price. It's a great story but it's too short and leaves you questioning some stuff (that, as I read, should probably get cleared in the next longer game) so buy it when on sale because for the full price you could buy hours of good reading."
76561198120993683,Recommended,288930,17255256,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,bunnymistressaya,An interesting short little game. I liked it but would have not paid the full price (I got it on sale) for the game. The gameplay only lasts like and 1 1/2 to 2 hours gameplay... really short!I think they could have done a lot more with this game...
,Recommended,288930,34125818,Posted: 9 August,all,MrDowntempo,"I have some pretty mixed feelings about this game, but overall, I think it's worth a play through if you're into narrative point-and-click adventures. While this game does have some puzzles, they're very minor. Nothing in here is going to stump you for more than a minute or two at most. The story is the point of this game, not the puzzles, and I'm cool with that. The story is in 3 acts. The first act is very short, and doesn't really get interesting until the end of it, which is a decent prelude for the better 2nd act. The 2nd act is the strongest and has some moments that really got under my skin and creeped me out in good ways. The 3rd act was the most disappointing for me. It left some questions unanswered, and answers some otherwise ways that felt a little bland and schlocky.The whole plot about her neighbor being the stalker and his gruesome description of the 'murder in progress' feels really out of place here. It was the supernatural stuff that was intriguing and creeping me out, but then they add that bit which feels like it's from a whole different genre of horror.Unfortunately I feel like they made the wrong decisions here. I would have preferred to be left wondering about the fate of some characters and the situation Alex is left in, while I would have preferred to understand the details better that they left vague.Why is Alex prone to asthma attacks, when it's not ever her inhaler she uses. Why did she have foreboding feelings about the trip before hand when she thought she was just going to be visiting a friend. Why do people turn into suitcases? Why does the train have some dead and other 'phantom memory' characters? etc. Was there any deeper connection between Alex and the portrait? These questions, if answered properly, could have added more lore and intrigue to the game, in my opinion.So overall, I enjoyed this game, but would have preferred if it had gone in a different direction ultimately. For $6 it's a worthwhile casual point-and-click to play in the evening with the lights out."
,Recommended,288930,18950139,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Troll Under The Bridge,"Initially I only purchased this game because I heard that Jim ♥♥♥♥ing Sterling, Son was involved, and I generally enjoy his work. However, once I got sucked into it, a whole new aspect opened up to me.Remember that time when you were little, and your parents left you alone in the house for the first time? You felt oddly excited, even a little courageous... until you heard a bump in the next room. At first you were sure it was nothing, but then your little childish brain began to run wild, and told you that there was something wrong. You couldn't put your finger on it, but there was something about it that all of a sudden made you want to rush to your parents, but they weren't there. You were alone, and your only recourse was to curl up in a corner and wait out the storm.Charnel House is the video game equivalent of that memory. Although it doesn't assault you with blood and guts, there's something about it that's just... off. As you work to unravel the mystery, the entire story begins a subtle, but noticable descent into madness. It gets to the point that you'd rather a monster did jump out and try to tear off your face, because then you'd have a definite answer to the question of what's out there.It's short, but every gosh-darn second is packed with atmosphere and tension. Slowly but surely, an overwhelming sense of hopelessness seeps over you, and the plan becomes not to survive, but to figure out what's going on before you die.It's definitely one of the better games to come out this year so far. Sure, it doesn't have guns and explosions, but who needs that when you're slowly urinating down your own leg?"
76561198086735688,Recommended,288930,31602064,Posted: 7 May,all,dry.joh,"This is a short point-and-click 2D game, that is really more of a virtual novel I'd say. The ""puzzles"" are very simple, and really there to just progress the story. Though the game may be short, it will stick with you long after you've finished playing. I was afraid the pixel graphics would take away from the atmospheric qualities of the game, but they actually added to them. It's a quick game, definately worth a try."
,Recommended,288930,17177158,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Muir,"I have four words to say about this game:SOME WEIRD EFFING♥♥♥♥♥♥/b]Seriously, this game is so freaking weird and unsettling. Don't play it when you've had a drink, whatever you do. You will completely lose your♥♥♥♥♥♥<ahem>Serious review now...Graphics: The graphics are old school. As in original Tales of Monkey Island old school. But they fit in with the games vibe somehow and after the first few minutes, you barely notice it.Game play: Standard old school point and click game. Left click on things to use or pick them up, right click to get a description. Things which you pick up are stored in your inventory, which is accessable by moving your cursor to the top of the screen.Story: (May contain spoilers) The Charnel House Trilogy is one game with 3 chapters. It is not 3 games in one. In the first and last chapters you play as Alex Davenport, a young woman who is about to embark on a journey to Augur Peak Island to see her childhood friend. The first chapter is set in Alex's apartment and the train station where we meet the second playable character, Doctor Harold Lang, who you control in the second chapter. The second and third chapters are set on the train.The story is really weird and doesn't make much sense until the third chapter - and even then you'll find yourself saying ""What the hell?!"" more than once. That's part of the allure to this game though. It's meant to be weird, freaky, and disconcerting.Definitely give this game a try."
76561197987790383,Recommended,288930,18509628,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Endeavor,"A great story driven point-and-click adventure.  Here's my full video review:https://youtu.be/m5GFDFsEs8kVideo Transcript:Hello viewers!  Welcome to another episode of A Bird's Eye View.  My name is Endeavor, and today we are reviewing The Charnel House Trilogy.  Developed by Owl Cave and published by Mastertronic,  this game was released on April 16, 2015.The Charnel House Trilogy is a point-and-click adventure with a horror twist.  The story is told over three parts and revolves around two protagonists taking a train to Augur Peak.  Alex Davenport is the first character we follow.  She’s a seemingly average woman in her twenties that has just experienced a bad breakup.  She meets Doctor Harold Lang, our second main character, as they depart the station.In the beginning, the ambiance and feel of the game gives the impression of a slice-of-life story, albeit with a few darker notes.  As the story progresses, the game reminds us of its true genre.  While the first two parts introduce us to the elements at play, it is the final chapter when everything comes together.The storytelling in The Charnel House Trilogy is superb.  The themes, writing, and plot are more than strong enough to earn a recommendation on their own.  This is not a horror game that relies on jump scares and gore to shock the player.  Instead, expect to be slowly unnerved by the atmosphere as the game presents seemingly innocuous things-- things revealed over time to be far more sinister than it at first appeared.The game leaves you with many unanswered questions.  How much of what Alex and Harold see on the train is real?  Are we to take what happens metaphorically, or is the train granting the protagonists an insight into their lives?  These questions lingered in my mind long after I finished playing.As for the gameplay, it is similar to other point-and-click adventures.  The player has an inventory to store found items.  We walk around, talk to people, and interact with the environment with mouse clicks.  The puzzles in the game are not very complicated, and most can be thought through logically (unlike other point-and-click adventures which can require an almost compulsory level of trial-and-error).  I found the simplicity of the puzzles to be in the game's favor, as the central focus was on the story.Each episode of the game averages about forty minutes long, so the whole thing can easily be completed in two hours.  This is mostly due to the limited scenes and the ease with which the puzzles can be solved.  While the game left me wanting more, I feel that my time playing it was well spent, so the shortness of the story is only a minor criticism.The voice acting was great for the most part.  The actors sold their roles well, and the audio was good for the major characters.  There were only a few spots where things could have been better (which had more to do with sound quality than actor performance).The game's retail price is $5.99.  For a short but well put together horror story, I give The Charnel House Trilogy a strong recommendation.  It's currently available on Steam for Windows computers.And with that, my review draws to a close.  Thank you for watching, and don't forget to hit the “like” button if you enjoyed my video.  For updates on our upcoming content, follow us on Twitter at Rookery Gamers."
76561198068240538,Not Recommended,288930,15705371,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,jaytin,"Calling this an adventure game trilogy is very misleading, it might be fairer to say it's a short adventure-ish game in three chapters. I couldn't find a way to make the play screen smaller and the graphics better, so it just looked like a blocky mess of pixels. If the graphics had been better it might have been slightly creepy, as it was, it was just weird and a bit boring.The constant walking up and down three train carriages was just really tedious, the script was not the best and the voice acting was mostly ok, but not great. I wouldn't have bought it if I had known how short it was.I honestly am not seeing why other people have given this such good reviews, it did nothing for me."
,Recommended,288930,15945598,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,LawfulGeek,"The Charnel House Trilogy might be short, and it’s really short but it’s undoubtedly one of the finest point & click gothic horror experiences in the world. I just wish we’d had the entire story and not just this prologue.Read the full review on The Mental Attic:http://thementalattic.com/2015/05/20/review-the-charnel-house-trilogy/"
76561198142180658,Not Recommended,288930,19027669,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,gibalsandwich,"3/4 of the story was good, shame they kept trying to shove a game in the way. The ""game"" side of things was nothing short of atrocious in my opinion - spoiler alert here - a puzzle involved clicking something twice to make it face a different way. There was only a total of 4 orientations the thing could face. It really flagged in the final quarter, this would have been a great story in one of those indy press anthologies if it were a short story that had the attention of a good editor. But it isn't, it is a game and not worth £5 in my view."
76561197994117737,Not Recommended,288930,22982068,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,tomtom,"Technically great but poorly designed adventure gameAdventure game by definition is about progressing the story by solving problems and puzzles.Charnel house has none, you are basically herded into one train cabin, where you pickup single item and a herded towards next cabin where you use the very same item you've picked up earlier.Charnel house plays like an interactive novel where you know exactly how it ends by the time you finish chapter and 2 and just just click away for the next 30-40 minutes to see the very ending you've been expecting all along.Game title suggests trilogy, where in fact it's a 3 chapters, each lasting about 20-30 minutes.It's a real shame, because the game is very nicely drawn and features excellent voiceover.One may argue the game's low price tag makes up for all its shortcommings, but if you can get games like broken sword 1 or 2 for the same price, charnel house is really just a waste of  time"
,Recommended,288930,24244851,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,PatsDark,"What a pleasant surprise. I had a lot of fun with the three stories. They are original and well made albeit a bit easy but that's ok. It took me 2 hours to play through the whole affair, the story was engaging enough to keep me interested. I'd say it's worth the price for old fans of adventure games especially. It gets really dark and twisted and it has a lot of surprises.Well done."
76561198140442560,Recommended,288930,16832624,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,IAmThePonch,"Very hesitant recomendation. It starts off well, introducing the interesting characters and premise. Plus it has some nice creepy and mysterious moments. Unfortunately, the main mystery is left totally unsolved by the end and even has a Marvel type teaser where it says ""(removed to prevent spoilers) will return."" Ultimately worth it for fans of supernatural horror thanks to its atmosphere and characters, but don't expect to walk away totally satisfied."
76561197995743339,Recommended,288930,26542880,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jupiter Melichios,"A beautifully made, genuinely disturbing experience. Absolutely worth your time."
76561198044392519,Recommended,288930,21754296,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Dug,"The Charnel House is a story driven point and click game, so gameplay is very minimal, but I didn't mind that too much.Now the story is another question, it's kind of random and the game's idea of the enviroment it plays in is very shaky. I mean I get the idea, but it's not developed enough and leaves you wondering what's the purpose of this place. The closest thing I can compare the enviroment to is Silent Hill, where people face their fears and vices by the power of the town, and it's supposed to change people who go in there. It's kind of like that, but without the purpose part, soo it feels pointless for me.Other than that, I think it's a good shocker story, but nothing groundbreaking. It's worth a quick spin if you're a horror, or just thriller fan. But it offers no more than that unfortunately, as the game also lacks memorable characters or moments for that matter."
,Recommended,288930,17822087,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Akaru,"I really enjoyed this game.  It's a little shorter than I'd like it to be, but hey, it's still awesome!And of course, .....Jim ♥♥♥♥ing Sterling son!It's definately worth a look!"
,Not Recommended,288930,34901674,Posted: 12 September,all,asifandwhen,Unbelievably short (less than 90 mins start-to-finish) but some lovely Ben Chandler art.
76561198031573533,Recommended,288930,31283132,Posted: 21 April,all,jewel567,"Excellent game, but 2 hours? C'mon, why so short? Going to go looking for a similar game, hopefully longer."
76561198022247983,Not Recommended,288930,17198182,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Mogg,"The Charnel House Trilogy is a short 3 part point and click mystery game of intertwined stories.*Fully voice acted by some known people.*Linear play with limited options to keep the game moving onwards.*Took me 2hours playing it, clicking on everything I could find.The game begins off mundane enough, then takes a spin for the strange.While The Charnel House Trilogy offers an interesting story for Alex, there are aspects that are never explained and a lot of vague supernatural psudo-real segments that look like they matter but fail to connect to anything.The second chapter, focused on Harold, certainly felt like a waste of time with no relevence to Alex's tale. An entire chapter about random unnatural happenings and characters with alzheimer's, none of it making any coherent sense. You could skip this ""commercial?"" entirely without any loss to what the main story.Thankfully the first and the last chapters provide a conclusive mystery story concerning Alex and Robert, on a sad yet disturbing note. There was a character, Grub, who felt like it was supposed to be more important in some way, but probably just a backdrop distraction along with all the unnatural occurances and other strange characters.It has come to my attention there will be sequel to possibley fill in holes left in this finished trillogy; which doesn't make it a trillogy if there's more than three, if I am not mistaken.So the story being held financally ransome, with a forth installment. Then again, there are no garantees any questions about this game will get answered. The Charnel House Trilogy is, after all, supposed to be a ""complete"" trillogy.I'd recommend it would it not have too many pointless aspects, most notably the entire second chapter, the luggage bags, and Grub."
,Not Recommended,288930,19129272,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Fhqwhgod,"If you like games with good writing and a story that makes sense just avoid this one. While Chapter 1 ""inhale"" was very promising the other 2 chapters just disappoint."
,Recommended,288930,21136205,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Munithe EXT,"It's a game about a girl who thought she was pretty smart but she wasn't as clever as she thought and she got REKT.  This game is pretty ridiculous, but I was looking for something relaxed with spooky mysterious atmosphere and that's what I got.  If you're looking for that kind of game, then it's pretty okay."
,Not Recommended,288930,21216461,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SajBear,To short and the voice acting is horrible. Play The Cat Lady instead!
76561198124399331,Not Recommended,288930,31831294,Posted: 18 May,all,opals,This game has the potential to be good because the story is just odd enough to make it interesting but unfortunately the voice acting is just dirt awful.
,Not Recommended,288930,24065919,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Flibedi-floob,"First of all, this ""trilogy"" isn't really a trilogy. It's a set of three chapters that are themselves the first part in a series. Notice how that title says ""The Charnel House""? Well, there's no Charnel House in this game. Instead, this is about the travel TO Charnel House - some place that is said to appear in the NEXT game. ...so this whole game is some sort of pointless prequel.It's a prequel about two protagonists: A generic professor, and a generic teen, and their backstories told through completely random scenes that defy all logic, up to the point where the randomness is just made fun of....and this isn't the first time that the creators have done this. That last game from them I played was ALSO about a guy and a girl stuck somewhere, just flashing back to backstory. At least The Charnel House was better animated.Game darts back and forwards between random symbolic horror and boring teen angst of the worst sort, and there's very little payoff along the way."
76561198006695823,Not Recommended,288930,21055902,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,nobbie,"This game as a whole feels amateurish. Graphics are well done, but the game is extremely short and repetetive, controlling the game feels slow and clunky, voice acting and recording quality are all over the place, writing can get pretty cringeworthy, the puzzles are non-existent, and the game is simply not scary. It feels like the graphic artists and the voice actors for Alex and Floyd were the only ones with even an inkling of an idea what they were doing in their respective jobs.If you can't survive without playing a new Adventure Game Studio game, I guess you could pick this off from a hefty sale. But for most people, I'd say don't bother."
76561198241575980,Recommended,288930,29512178,Posted: 26 January,all,Book_Nerdigans,Very good game for people who love Indie horror.
76561198048527305,Recommended,288930,29521623,Posted: 27 January,all,Tr00he,"A very nice and interesting point & click adventure. It is very short (3-4 hours for the first playthrough) but has some great twists which might motivate you to go for a second playthrough. I wish it had been longer, though, as the story, characters and scenario are very good and the game was obviously made with passion."
,Recommended,288930,16636302,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ChaosReigner,"The last chapter left the biggest impression on me and some of it was trying to sell me some sort of Ashley Burch sequel; which I am down for. Always made clear what needed to happen next, which is good because I'm getting stupid and lazy."
,Not Recommended,288930,29182812,Posted: 11 January,all,Marshmallow Raven(Ada),"If I had not bought this with my steam wallet money, and bought it with the Richard and Alice bundle, I would want a refund.Pros:The game looks nice.The voice acting is good, except for a character named Rob.The achievements look pretty. You can showcase them on your profile.The Bad:The story feels unfinished.The story is not captivating.The game is short.I would not recommend this even on sale for a dollar.Hopefully Richard and Alice is good."
76561198115926487,Recommended,288930,22681998,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,gameythegeemer,"This will come as no surprise, but when you reach the end of the story, you will hear it all unfold and see nothing but the face of the great Jim ♥♥♥♥ing Sterling, son.This will make the experience all the better/worse"
,Recommended,288930,15461964,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Top Nep,"An unsettling, surreal horror, with an atmosphere similar to the Silent Hill series, and an art style reminiscent of the Blackwell games. It also has a brilliant soundtrack.Do not go in expecting an adventure game with classic puzzles. It is more a story-driven experience that happens to use an adventure game engine."
,Recommended,288930,27402492,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Circle Nine,"An atmospheric little adventure game that seems like it's more the prequel to another series or a larger game. There's a decent amount of intrigue that doesn't get explained, but as it seems more to be to setup something larger I'm okay with that.The characters are fairly well realized given how short the game is, about 80-90 minutes or thereabout, and the voice acting is pretty good (aside from a few minor side characters who sound like they were recorded over skype). The music is pretty lowkey and moody which sets the tone well, and it's done by Jack de Quit if you're familiar with the Friends at the Table podcast and know some of his stuff from there.I hate getting into the cost versus time played value proposiution argument, but just be aware that this is a pretty short game, so if that's an issue maybe wait to pick it up on sale. Having now played it though, I'd probably be okay with picking it up at full price."
,Recommended,288930,27498803,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,madthelric,"A short game, but one full of twists. Puzzles are simple, but the premise here is not what you do but what you discover. The story is rich and it really blows your mind. This is a true gem of a game."
,Recommended,288930,27507700,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,darkmatter555,"Very Short, a horror game that somehow tugged on my heart strings."
76561198095054509,Recommended,288930,16691315,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,bet4sso,"The charnel house trilogy is a very good game, it has an amazing and intriguing story, some really solid actings and a very consistent story that leaves room for interpretation.Congratulations to the developers."
,Recommended,288930,16875393,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Duraldo,"I'd reccommend this game, if it was on sale, and with certain stipulatoins, even at 5 dollars, I felt like it was a bit pricey for the value.This isn't a game, as much as it is an ""interactive audiobook"", the story is pretty interesting that I kept wanting to know what will happen. You could beat this in the course of an hour or two. If you are looking for an actual game, or a point and click adventure, skip this one."
76561198060385399,Recommended,288930,16651033,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zamora,If you like point and click adventure games and horro you'll love this. The voice acting was great! I recognized a lot of the voice actors instantly. It was easy to progress through the story. I never got stuck. The pixel art is great. The way the story unfolds is done really well. I really reccomend this game.
,Recommended,288930,21692256,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Poprin,"This is a straight forward point and click adventure / horror game. The graphic style is... interesting. I don't mind pixilated retro graphics on the whole but the resolution on this game is really poor. This would be my major gripe with this title. However the storyline is engaging, the whole thing is also voice acted and relatively well too. Also the puzzles are quite straight forward (which was actually a plus for me!)On the whole I am very happy with my purchase. I got a 66% off coupon after crafting a badge and I thought £1.63 wasn't a bad price to pay for two hours entertainment, 100% achievements a new deck of cards to collect and supporting an indie developer.If you have a coupon, or this is in a steam sale then go ahead and buy it!"
76561198014174427,Recommended,288930,19060702,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Conclave,"For a retro art game, very good production value - voice acting, art, writing and music"
,Recommended,288930,22873565,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,karlnp,"A little freshman year creative writing, but still decent enough. Hoping Augur Peak is a little more precise."
76561198025717460,Not Recommended,288930,35136673,Posted: 22 September,all,splitatom,too short and not worth the price. almost like some student's thesis project. they should make it up with a long lasting sequel.
76561197982268624,Recommended,288930,21032487,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,jokeROPHILIA,"Not my usual game of choice, but curator Jim never done me wrong. Also his role in the game is brilliant."
76561197991625514,Recommended,288930,25981176,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,vivisektio,This really got under my skin for various reasons in a way that no game has in a long time. Very much recommended!
76561198009690713,Recommended,288930,25633274,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,lime,Interesting pnc game harkens to the era when these titles ruled on PC
,Not Recommended,288930,21282389,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,AdM244,"Well, what can I say?This is some f8cked up, trippy nightmare ♥♥♥♥, indeed."
,Recommended,288930,23964191,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Last Caress,Surprisingly good game and a lot of story packed into a small time frame. Definitely worth it. The worst thing about this game is that there isn't more of it and I highly look forward to a hopeful sequel.
,Not Recommended,288930,23392449,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bitt Player,"If being confused by a video game's ambiguous plot frightens you, you're in for scary times from start to finish with this one. Well, okay, from about a third of the way in to finish. Me, I was mostly just annoyed. I mean, I guess they're going for a kind of ""Twilight Zone"" thing, but it doesn't seem to quite work out. I get that I was supposed  to feel some kind of creeping existential dread, but mostly I was afraid the whole game would be as self-referential as the first chapter. I thought maybe reading the book that keeps popping up throughout the game might help, but as near as I can tell it doesn't actually exist, so I guess that's not an option. At least the poem in the first trailer sort of makes sense now, in a way. Kind of.Also, writers: If you've got a character who's lived in New York City her whole life, and is apparently voiced by the only American on your cast, maybe let the voice actress go over the script and call your attention to turns of phrase that Americans don't normally use?Spoiler: The ending will not help you make sense of the rest of it. I was really, really hoping it would."
76561198081262519,Recommended,288930,28240678,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,DiggingUpGraves,"It has Jimbo, f'cking Sterling son in it. How can you not be interested in it?"
76561198052960247,Recommended,288930,28659884,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Semi Sinful,"This short point and click horror game is immensely effective in what it set out to do. It left me totally shaken even when playing it with someone there beside me to keep me calm and grounded. The spooky intrigue of the story merits a second playthrough or maybe three. Amazing voice acting, amazing story, gorgeous graphics and very unique scares. I never thought a train could be so terrifying, or a bag."
76561198006653128,Not Recommended,288930,15626687,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ssfsx17,"High production value, but very shallow, and the ending is not much of an ending."
,Not Recommended,288930,16807602,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kamen,How did this schlock get so many positive reviews on Steam? It must be the worst adventure game I've played in my life. In fact calling it an adventure game is an insult to the genre.
,Not Recommended,288930,24966541,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,[MF]Screwsi,The design is gorgeous. The music is great. The acting is fair to middling. The story is miserable.
,Not Recommended,288930,16429993,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SpitefulFox,"Extremely railroaded point and click adventure.  I like when I don't have to resort to a walkthrough to get through an adventure game, but this game is not only without puzzles, but the characters will constantly just flat out tell you what to do next.Story was also nonsensical and just felt like it was going for pure shock value.  The ""reveal"" that the train is actually The Sepulchre is completely ruined by a complete and utter lack of explanation of what that's supposed to even mean.  Jim Sterling's voice acting is superb, like everything else he does, but the whole aspect of his stalker character being not real, but also real at the same time, really ruined it for me.  I'm okay with horror leaving lots of things unexplained, but when characters are talking about things as though I'm supposed to understand what they're saying, it starts to grate on me.The game is gorgeous and well-crafted, but the final result just fell flat for me."
76561198022755832,Recommended,288930,15402727,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mace134,Hey! This game is cool! Buy it and play it! :-D
76561198086577753,Not Recommended,288930,15637402,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Danatz,"Ok. I spent ONE hour playing this game. A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ monkey can finish this without using his melted brain. This is a bloody demo for something it will maybe come out in 2016. Really? This is not worth 1 euro. Shallow, mediocre story, 3 or 4 locations copy pasted 20 times. What the feck?!One word.Pathetic.P.S. By the way, the writer of this piece of garbage probably never read Dylan Dog. If he had, he would know this is sh!t."
,Recommended,288930,17227894,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,MundM,"This is a game that makes you question what is important in life and how we should handle difficult situations that are actually smaller issues then they appear in the heat of the moment...you have to play it to understand.Maybe this helps more: If you like dark storys with even darker twists and emotional down characters and a story that leaves a wtf on your face, well, buy this!Oh and, Jim Sterling...first I thought his voice is out of place...then I got to Exhale..."
,Recommended,288930,21365690,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kral Sumavy,"For a point and click adventure, The Charnel House Trilogy severely lacks in puzzle elements. As a result, the game is a largely dialogue driven adventure that plays out practically by itself. Nontheless, its contents are good while they last. The gameplay time is extremely short (clocks in about 1-2hrs), but intriguing enough to keep you playing all the way until the end. The only real downside is the game's ending which feels rushed and unsatisfactory. A lot of details remain unresolved and thus left only for the player's imagination. Even though the voice acting is above average, i found the writing lacking at some points, especially in the final chapter (the word ""f*ck"" being thrown around in every other sentence really doesnt help to escalate tension). The music is excellent and helps to underline the angsty atmosphere of the story. Overall, The Charnel House Trilogy a good game and I would recommended for fans of horror adventures, and players who enjoy games that are hugely reliant on atmosphere."
,Recommended,288930,17465645,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Bearwolfblood,"Short, but interesting. If you can get it on sale I definitely recommend doing so.Also full voice acting!"
76561198031180799,Recommended,288930,18029688,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,JadedBunny,A interesting point and click that creeps you out in all the right ways. Its a bit short but perfect for the price.
,Recommended,288930,18080159,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,The Overmatt,"Despite being on the short side and not featuring nearly as many puzzles as those well-versed with the point-and-click adventure might expect, The Charnel House Trilogy is easily one of my favourite entries in the genre. The game's writing, voice-acting, graphics and score are all top-notch and combine to create a chilling, compelling atmosphere not unlike the works of Stephen King (most notably The Shining, which the store definitely shares a few cues with), and while the story does end, it also provides a hint of things to come. Ultimately, this game reminds me most of a good ghost story: haunting, exciting, memorably, and bound to leave you thinking about it long after it ends. Fully worth the price of admission, this is a good one."
,Recommended,288930,17425189,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Sans Seraph Font,"Not sure I would call this game 'scary', but it certainly is creepy.Point and clicks usually fall into the trap of making puzzles that boil down to the player getting frustrated and just trying every item in their inventory with every object on screen, but that's very minimal here. The tradeoff is that the game isn't very difficult, nor is the game very long, but the story more than makes up for that.Absolutely check it out if you want and engaging creepy story that makes you uncomfortable in all the right ways."
76561198007470829,Recommended,288930,17452738,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Hazrhon,"After a while, this game started to get into my head.Example being, i was thkning that this is some crazy nightmare stuff. Then the game comments that it is some crazy nightmare stuff.then I start to think: wow, this is very similar to Stephen King themed stories.Then sure enough, bam!, stephen king reference.Get out of my head!, Leave my brain alone!A very haunting story set. I recommend it for anyone that likes chilling suspense and point-n-click."
,Recommended,288930,17386958,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Jadelor,"A charming little point and click adventure game in three uneven chapters. Vaguely creepy. The Torrance episode shines, while the bookend ones mainly just grate a bit."
,Recommended,288930,18107866,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Weezin,I liked the visual style of the game. Took me back to the good old days of adventure games. The story is creepy but interesting. The characters are well written. Not sure why this takes place in New York when most of the actors are British but hey whatever! This is also a pretty short game. You can play it in a couple of hours which is nice sometimes.
,Recommended,288930,18219910,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Geekula,"Dark, scary, twisted and perfect for me. Charnel House feels like a mixture of the Blackwell series and the Chzo Mythos games and if you have any idea what that means you know why I love it. Though despite how much I love it, the ‘trilogy’ feels kind of short, and I desperately wanted more to play after it was all over. Charnel House is one creepy train ride I wouldn’t mind taking again."
,Recommended,288930,15481552,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Sam,"The Charnel House TrilogyStory/Gameplay:A well written and executed suspense/thriller adventure game. No gameplay surprises here, this is traditional 90's point and click style. The puzzles are logical and not too difficult to figure out. The length of the game is dissapointingly short, I feel that the story could have been stretched out into a longer game with more locations.Sound/Music:The music selection and sound effects are good and suits the atmosphere of the game. The performance of the voice acting is great, however you can notice that one of the voices has notably worse recording quality.Graphics:320x200 resolution pixelated 2D graphics, with some modern effects. The Charnel House Trilogy basically looks like a high-profile Lucas Arts adventure game from the early 90's. This style has a nostalgic charm to it, but the low resolution is rather harsh on the eyes on modern large monitors.Conclusion:A good but short game, the pricing is fair considering that. Hopefully the developer makes a longer game next time."
76561198031996348,Recommended,288930,15413856,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Pixie Skulls,"This is the type of horror adventure game I just love.The story is strong, engaging, and satisfyingly creepy. I quickly became sucked in to the gloomy world depicted and remained transfixed until I completed the game. I think what impresses me most about the narrative is what great job they did with the balancing and pacing of mystery. In a story like this, if too much is left unknown for too long things tend to become overly abstract and tedious, but if the story explains too much the 'magic' of not knowing is gone and things start to feel artificial. This game hits the mark perfectly, by the end of the game you will have some idea of what is going on, but enough unanswered question to leave you wanting more (and trying to construct you own theories in the meantime.)Beyond excellent storytelling, this game sports a solid cast of voice actors in all its lead rolls. A few of the minor characters are a little underwhelming, but altogether everything is passable and doesn't take you out of the story.The graphics take the form of the classic adventure 2D style and are beautiful and well-crafted for the purposes of this game. Likewise the music is atmospheric, haunting, and fits the created world perfectly.In terms of adventure game gameplay, things are fairly simple and straight forward. Not much in the way of puzzles beyond the usual ""What do I do with this object?"" If you are looking for a challenge this wouldn't be my first recommendation. The game is also fairly short, it took me about 2 hours to finish it, but considering its overall quality and the lower price I am fully satisfied with my purchase."
,Recommended,288930,15420011,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,gryffinstark,"This game isn't horrible. It's not great either.I'd strongly reccomend playing this game to just pass the time on something, like on a long train journey (no pun) or whatnot. Just decided to give it a whirl while rendering in Maya.I just felt that the main protagonist was... needful. Uhm, the voice acting is not the greatest and I felt confuseda little by the end cutscene, but I think that's due to my not paying much attention to what was going on; it didn't really grab me in.This adventure game is more about dialogue than anything to convey it's message, and it spoon feeds progression, which I didn't like that much.HOWEVER, it did have some good WTF moments that I liked, and I believe Spulchre to be the strongest of the ""books"".Alright time killer."
,Recommended,288930,15421189,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,DualHatSystem,"Loved the story, the art style and most of the voice acting. It's a bit short, but oh so strong in its plot delivery. The soundtrack adds really well to the overall atmosphere.I've read somewhere that this game is best played on a rainy afternoon, with a cup of hot tea. Instead of reading a short story, I encourage you to experience The Charnel House Trilogy - it'll be worth it ;)"
76561198044779587,Recommended,288930,16047596,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Neptune's Royal Guard,I enjoyed it. Was a decent horror/mystery story with some basic point and click puzzles
,Recommended,288930,15869259,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Metalmaddog,"Excellent game for anyone into point and click horror adventures. The story is very capturing and entertaining but there isn't a lot in it as a game because there isn't really any kind of real puzzles in it. Following the story and going to the right places and clicking at right things happens quite naturally and like with some point and click adventure there really isn't the possibility to get stuck, but this is of course good for the narrative because you can fully enjoy it and concentrate on that. Great voice acting and writing. I enjoyed the references to other media. Quite similar to other horror point and clicks with female protagonist. Would recommend this to anyone who likes Blackwell series or Black Mirror though latter doesn't have female protagonist. All and all... a must have for anyone who likes story driven horror, feeling uneasy but not actually getting so scared by a game that you can't play it."
76561198119581824,Recommended,288930,15878418,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,geekysage,a nice short game but one that sticks with you
76561197991579269,Recommended,288930,15541350,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Snob Goblin,"This game took a bit of thinking on my part to recomend.On one hand I genuinely enjoyed my time with the game its well writen and I felt invested in the story and the strange events. its nice to see a game nail just the right creepy uncomfortable vibe with out resorting to gore or lazy popscaes so points there.How ever, its short, simple and the voice work while at times really good (Jim Sterlings hammy acting is fantastic) it can also be really bad.All in all its worth a poke definately worth it for its low price."
,Recommended,288930,15720362,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Tynon_2112,"Wow.Haven't had a good story with a good twist presented to me in a long time.Very impressed.Unlike Richard & Alice, the gameplay did not get in the way of the story. There is some backtracking, but it's between three railcars, instead of large expanses of frozen wasteland.The Trilogy: Inhale, Sepulchre, Exhale.Inhale: Sets the scene with ratherbroadstrokes. Ends with a hook.Sepulchre: (Seems)(Almost) Completely unrelated to Inhale. A mental crisis.Exhale: Though not a FULL picture (at least to me, from the first playthrough), I don't hesitate to say the story was masterfully executed.As for the game: Incredibly simple puzzles. Voice-work that lives up to the prestige of the actresses/actors.I recommend this game; I think it could be argued just how horrifying the game is. It's psychological, to be sure, but I think that would be a more appropriate genre to define TCHT as (as with, for example, the movie High Tension). It's an awesome story... really, that's about all I can say, and that does it no justice.With all that, I have significant doubts as to whether I will want to play the sequel; just leave it as is - no doubt the story would be further fleshed out grandly, but The Charnel House Trilogy on its own... wow."
76561198109290073,Recommended,288930,16439343,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,euchreiade,"'The Charnel House Trilogy' is a point'n click, and although the genre isn't usally my bread and butter, I found myself enjoying this game overall, even if I have some complaints.The game is divided in 3 chapters (not three different stories Steam description, get your facts straight). The first one, 'Inhale' introduces the character of Alex with some witty and funny lines but also with a nonsensical and idiotic monologue : this chapter is mostly basic exposition and feels pointless.The second one, 'Sepulchre', puts you in the shoes of Harold Lang on a train. This part sets up a genuine unsettling ambiance and does a great job at raising the tension up. This is an unpersonal horror story and the setting is the monster of this chapter.The third one, 'Exhale', stars again Alex in the same setting as 'Sepulchure' but, this time, the horror comes from Alex's life : if you don't have empathy for the character, you most certainly won't like this part. Fortunately, I began to appreciate Alex but I'd understand why 'Inhale' could set some people off. This chapter was in my opinion pretty good, with a few moments that made me go ""Welp, this is a bit stupid"". Still, unnerving and scary with good characters.Aesthetically wise, it masters pixel art to perfection and the music, while following the prewritten path of every psychological horror movie, works fantastically. The voice actors do their part accordingly (except for Madeleine Roux when her character is supposed to be angry and Jim Sterling, whose voice can be distracting if you thank God for him.). Unfortunately, the game's pretty short and kinda felt like a teaser for the upcoming game (it outright annonced it at the end!)In conclusion, I'd recommend it : the game is well crafted and well excecuted overall. Grab it on sale, you'll most likely enjoy this little creepy story(ies). As for me, it got me interested for the continuation of the story planned for 2016."
76561197981588360,Recommended,288930,18310183,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,40GallonTophat,"Wadget Eye game in everything but length.  It even has John Padget (from Blackwell Trilogy fame) as a voice.Pros:+Good story.  Lots of twists and turns+Lots of weirdness.  Very unsettling+Good voice-acting.  Jim Sterling is actually pretty good.  John Padget is great as always.  The conductor was the best IMO.+Beautifully drawn.  Great environments and portraitsCons:-Just over 2 hours for $6.  Get it on sale-Not much variety.  2 screens in the first ""episode"", and a handful in the others.-Mostly a teaser for a longer game.  (I'll probably still buy it though)-Not much in the way of puzzles.  More of a walk to the left, get a prompt to do the next thing, walk to the right, get a new prompt, rinse and repeat.-Bad ending.  Ending just a lengthy exposition.  Tells rather than showing.Not sure if it's worth the $6, but it's a beautiful game with an intriguing story.  I'll keep an eye on these guys in the future for sure."
,Recommended,288930,18648721,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Gallifrey,"I tried the trial first. Which was the 2nd story 'Sepulchre'. I found the setting on the train intriguing.The game was slow to start for me, but mainly because I was using the controls wrong.It's a creepy little game, that has light gore, but really it's all the atmosphere, sound, and the script that add to the real creepiness. The game is story heavy with a lot of loose ends that don't really make sense, but at the end it starts to really come together, and then they leave you with a cliffhanger, and wanting more.There's some repetition in lines for when you can't go in a room or when clicking on an object, but you can skip through that with a click of a mouse. The puzzles weren't too challenging.It is a short game, but I feel it was well worth the 5.99.Check it out!"
,Recommended,288930,19756758,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,KatjaBeelzebubs,"I do recommend this game- but only conditionally. It's very short and also pretty unique- but not very replayable. I was on the fence for most of the game, but by the final chapter I found myself enjoying it. It makes a good short game to play to cool down between more tense action oriented games. It's also not even slightly scary although it somewhat reminds me of the original Clock Tower game. The story is nice but the voice acting could've been better, some voices didn't fit faces/roles and the recording quality of them was all over the place. If you can get past all that and are looking for something story driven & short- or an even easy 100% achievment guide game- pick this one up when it's on sale."
76561198168862646,Recommended,288930,19716408,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,twoodjr,so worth the money awesome game.
,Recommended,288930,22173014,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,A Real Nowhere Chick,"It reminded me a lot of Kings Quest 6, which I really liked. I expected more of it... wanted more of it. I feel like they went up to the bell but didn't quite ring it. The scope of the story I felt needed adjusting... but definitely worth the price."
76561198064187208,Recommended,288930,22291017,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,AuntieNay,"Creepy yet fun, old-school 2-D point and click trio of games. The games are a quick play, but still worth it."
,Recommended,288930,21248951,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,HausMaus,"If you like subtle horror and are not a big fan of overt in-your-face jumpscares that are so popular these days, then you are probably going to like this game. It unnerves, unsettles and frightens in a Lovecraftian way, where the unknown, the unexplained, and that which eats away at sanity and our ability to logically and rationally process the world is what frightens the most.It is not a conventional point-and-click adventure in the sense of presenting a lot of puzzles that need solving; the locations are fairly self-contained and the majority of gameplay consist of walking from one mini-location to another and talking to different characters. The game can be finished in approximately two hours, which is a bit short for the price, but the experience is worth it if you are into this type of horror."
,Recommended,288930,21563708,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Rasp D Bugbear,"Point an click. Not exactly new ground. This said. Fully voiced and dealing with subject matter much less Kingsquest is a refreshing change. Its not a huge game, but its  tightly told story, with straight forward puzzles, isn't plauged with wierd dev logic puzzles or pixel hunting. Its wierd, its compelling, while it tells a complete story, a great deal feel like its left to be told later. All around awesome. I really look forward to seeing if any more story gets added to this. Or what Owl Cave does in general."
76561198278714606,Recommended,288930,21530525,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Trippetta,"Great game. It's only about 2 hours of gameplay, but it's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,288930,21548914,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,The Brenegade Master,"Makes a perfect entry level point-and-click game without the overly-obnoxious or arbitrary puzzles that are a staple of the genre and also offers a horror experience based more around its atmosphere and story than the blind terror most horror games try to inflict. Might not be quite enough game here for the price (90 minutes to 2 hours to 100%) but what is here is pretty damn good. Oh, and Jim ♥♥♥♥ing Sterling, SON's in it, and he's great."
,Recommended,288930,21400456,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,iBuyPower -Steel-,"Really enjoyable game. No jumpscares, a nice  game to enjoy in a sitting or two. Takes approx 2hours."
,Recommended,288930,21842935,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Neo Grammaticus,Holy hell. Short.. but a fitting prologue to the next game. Lost track of the amount of WTF moments i had. tenouttaten.
76561197964863427,Recommended,288930,20993953,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kamamura,"I can whole-heartedly recommend this one, although the game aspect is almost non-existent. There are really only a handful of rooms, almost no puzzles, and everything is on rails all the time.Still, the story and the atmosphere is so good that it makes the whole thing worthwhile. It's also very short, my playtime is basically what it took to finish it.Thumbs up, would buy and play more."
,Not Recommended,288930,20985699,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,bagels,"It looked similar to some games I love, like the blackwell series and old school monkey island, so I was excited to check it out. I imagine there's some symbolism and tie-ins to lovecraft novels hidden in it that give it a good following, but outside of that it was lacking a bit for two reasons. One, it's very short. I think anyone will be surprised when they finish the first part of this game at what seemed like the opening. Two, the puzzles have no challenge to them. It's all just walking back and forth and clicking on everything until the story progresses.Honestly, if this was a much longer game, I would have loved it possibly. But the longest thing about it was the monolauges in the first part."
76561197997476800,Not Recommended,288930,21042763,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mindshred,"I picked this game up expecting to play a game that was interesting and, at the very least, mildly creepy. Instead I got about an hour and a half of disconnected tonal whiplash. The story is barely existent, the meta humor in the first chapter is wildly out of place, and the voice actress for the main character of chapters one and three sounds like she's on Quaaludes.The chapters are surprisingly short. I restarted the first chapter from a save because I thought the game had crashed to menu, but no, it just ends akwardly. The game's puzzles are so simple that they just end up wasting time, and the story reads like bad Silent Hill fanfiction.In short, it's like ordering a bad sandwich from a fast food restaurant. Yeah, you're not out a lot of cash, and it's not going to ruin the rest of your day, but you're still disappointed because the sandwich is inedible and you're still hungry."
,Not Recommended,288930,21628028,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nerahye,"I love horror games as much as point and click or mystery games, but Charnel House is only point and click... in a some way. I thought that ""Trilogy"" is REAL Trilogy and I expected three separated games which are connected in a story way, but noo... It turned out as one, really short game divided in three parts. Horror? Don't be silly, it isn't horror at all. It isn't scary, it also isn't even spooky. Story? Someone might find it a little interesting, but I'm not amused by it. Just another indie game from those you shouldn't buy for more than 1€ or even less.For sure it shouldn't be labelled as horror game. It is not."
,Recommended,288930,21839942,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Gievre,"Dark. Glorious. Twisted. The game does take a while to get started, the longest chapter for me was the first, but once the story picked up, it was an amazing albeit far too short journey. There isn't much to say without giving away the story, but it was a very worthwhile two hours with some very lovely soundtracks even in the credits. As long as Point & Clicks aren't hated by you, I'd say give this game a try at some point. It's just two hours. And that ending. Mmmm."
,Not Recommended,288930,20232372,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Nimdok,"Well, that was a waste of 3 dollars. Had some promise, decent art, decent music, bad voice-acting (pity), interesting-ish plot. Then it all falls apart at the end with loose threads, last-minute revelations which do nothing and go nowhere, and, oh, what's that, a sequel hook? Golly gee.I just... I liked the original Sepulchre when it was a freebie game and stood alone. That was fine. This doesn't improve on it at all, just plays that trilogy card where you get an imcomplete chapter of a set with forced mystery and the 'more questions than answers' method of writing that's become very tired, very played.I guess it at least had a decent time-to-money ratio. Couple hours, couple bucks. Still, don't feel the need to play the upcoming teased next title that wasn't completely shoe-horned in to make a quick buck."
,Not Recommended,288930,20430219,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,DisgracedCop,"An intriguing premise is ultimately let down by overwrought and overwritten dialogue, obvious plot twists, weak puzzles and a general sense of style over substance."
76561198006849221,Recommended,288930,20280964,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,rjazz2,Short but fun.
76561198020825242,Recommended,288930,19945720,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Cluly,Brilliant. Simply brilliant.
,Recommended,288930,20005841,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Afternoon Tea,"It has Jim ♥♥♥♥ing Sterling's voice in it, of course it's good."
76561198090720751,Recommended,288930,19297985,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,hexagonpirate153,"Disturbing, charming and beautiful in it's own way.Very memorable, will stick in your mind, worth its price."
76561198127125892,Recommended,288930,20583862,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,justquinn,"Fun, engaging, bare bones adventure game.  Would have been right at home in the great days of the classic Sierra/Lucasarts variety.  Has a much more serious and somber tone.  A little dark humor here and there if you are creative enough to find it."
76561198287099485,Recommended,288930,26033622,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,corneroftruth,"Super fun game that I streamed on Twitch a few days ago. The first two chapters are fantastic, while the final chapter is definitely lacking but still fun. Interested to play the next installment whenever it gets released. If you like visual novel type games, this is definitely one of the better ones I have played. To watch my playthrough, go totwitch.tv/flairkanand check out my recent videos."
,Recommended,288930,26045921,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,morphineblues,"its dark, full of mystery and beautiful.I think the story very unusual and interesting. I definetly recommend this to anyone who enjoys poin&click games with a good story."
76561198025070619,Recommended,288930,26173478,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,spiritworld,"The praise:-mysterious-athmosphere is great-good voice acting, especially harold lang-magnificent soundtrack!The nag:-short (2h)-nonexistent puzzles-plot railroading-so much profanity it's almost annoying"
,Recommended,288930,23538065,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Nocturnalizer,"I love a good old-school point 'n' click adventure game, and The Charnel House Trilogy seemed to fit the bill when I purchased it. It's a relatively short experience, taking me around two hours to finish up and earn all the achievements too. What you get here is a fun, interesting little mystery, split into three 'chapters' that vary in length. The first two are pretty brief, and the third is the longest, with most of the plot twists and developments happening there. There's a horror element to the game, but also a bit of humour and some nods and winks to the gaming community.The voice acting is decent, particularly from the two lead characters - Alex and Harry. Jim Sterling voices a character here too, and he's suitably over-the-top and impassioned. He's clearly having a lot of fun with the role. The weakness in the voice acting is mainly that they were all clearly recorded separately, possibly over Skype, so there's a difference in quality that I found a bit distracting. It's the nature of the game and how it was made, however, and I found it easy to forgive those issues. You work with what you've got to hand.I think what some people who have left negative reviews are struggling with is the fact that this is more of a narrative experience. Sure, you're pointing and clicking, but the game very much pushes you in the right direction throughout. There are a couple of puzzles, but they're very, very easy and only really serve to push the plot along. It's a pretty captivating plot too, although I felt like most of my questions went unanswered by the time I reached the end. There will almost certainly be a sequel that fleshes out some of what we see here, but I wasn't disappointed by what I saw. There's some real promise here in terms of where the story could go. A bit more gameplay and some clearer answers would be great in the future, but this is a good starting point and a decent little game to boot."
76561198111397951,Recommended,288930,23602430,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Bat Banana,"Great game! Loved it, the plot was intuitive and gripping. The story felt a little too short, the ending was a tad abrupt, and the voice acting seemed to be a bit low quality at times, but overall, this game is awesome. Gameplay was simple but kept me thinking and interested. Loved it!"
,Recommended,288930,24088034,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Uruk,"Lovely game! Great atmosphere, and voice acting. It takes like 2 or so hours to finish it, but for the time it lasts, there is a lot of story in it!"
76561198028932676,Recommended,288930,23410691,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,zork1974,"I don't see why anyone hates this game.  I love it!  It reminds me so much of old Sierra point&click adventure games.  Yes, it's linear but it's so well-crafted.  Not buggy and the puzzles are appropriate.  I liked the story.  The ending through me for a loop and it was great.  I saw this reviewed on Pushing Up Roses and I thought it was right.This game is for old-school point&clock adventure gamers that want mystery and suspense."
,Not Recommended,288930,22779790,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Monkey,"(Spoiler-free)A mercifully brief, on-rails (pun) point-'n-click with uneven execution. Since I purchased the game at under $2 USD, I can't really complain much. For the retail price of $6 USD, I'd save your money for a longer, more interesting game. I had really hoped for more game and less grinding narrative.Too few real puzzles and a mediocre reveal make this one a don't-buy at full price.Nevertheless, the score is quite good because it instills deadful foreboding. I think it's easily the best element in the entire game, and if (as the climax hints) they intend on making more in this series, they should continue with their current composition.The art, despite being extremely limited in scope, is on par with modern p-n-c's. My estimate of the actual places you can visit includes: one apartment, a train station, and a train interior with between 6-8 largely identical compartments that alter in presentation as you progress. So, in total, there are maybe 2 dozen individually constructed environments. One additonal room pops up for narrative purposes, but it isn't interactive. Plenty of good stories have taken place in a small arena, but this is one tale that would benefit from more depth of milieu. The cramped quarters of Charnel House don't derail the game (pun), but they don't give us much variety, either. The game ends up feeling claustrophobic, though not in a good way.The voice acting (by a handful of game professionals, no less) is technically proficient, though not particularly impressive. Sterling's addition seems like a mis-cast, perhaps. His voice is off-putting, no doubt, but it doesn't quite fit. A couple characters sound like they are talking through tin cans. Some moments that require ""Oh, God, no!"" sound more like ""oh, gawd, noes..."" These potentially exciting crescendos could have been intense and gripping, but they lose their weight when offered up in unenthusiastic, uneven presentation.Perhaps I've been spoiled by the far above-average voice direction in Wadjet Eye games, but I believe those gems are the industry standard.A great deal of the horror lies in tropetastic reveals-- for instance, sometimes the lights go out, something spooky is shown, and  the lights come back on. Some of the scary is more than mild, but it's lost in a slew of teen-horror shlock padded by the ramblings of an incoherent raconteur.Charnel House would be so much more compelling if it were simply more interactive.You will be shuttled from one room to the next, sometimes solving extremely easy puzzles, sometimes just using the right item on the right environmental object. You will find yourself with no options to explore, and you are shackled with unsubtle directions to a paint-by-numbers game.Example:Walk into train cabin.Creepy but not exactly scary thing is going on.Collect an item.Leave cabin.Use collected item to solve a ""puzzle.""Hear a noise in the next train car.""Oh, maybe I should go there,"" narrates the viewpoint character.Go there.Lights go out.Creepy thing happens.Repeat.I'm not sure why the game is divided into chapters, since it is neither long enough nor diverse enough to require compartments (pun). I understand that the viewpoint character changes, but there are better, stronger methods of offering cliffhangers than sending the player back to the main menu every 30 minutes.In the first and third chapters, you play the same character, a snarky lady with a penchant for cigarettes and bad relationships. In the second chapter you play an archaeology professor with a drinking problem who constanly loses his train of thought (pun). Each chapter will last you about 30-45 minutes, and since I only paid $2 for ~2 hours of mildly interesting, slightly spooky game, I'm not unhappy. But, I'm not really satisfied.I wanted to jump on the train and love this game, but I think I'd rather throw myself on the tracks.P.S. ""Sepulchre"" is definitely pronounced [sep.əl.kər], not [se.po͝ol.kər], New York Times Bestselling Author Madeline Roux.(Edited to add more train-related puns)"
,Recommended,288930,22844133,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Sienical,"Creepy in all the right places. There are some unanswered questions, and the ending's a little over the top, but I enjoyed it. Can't wait for whatever comes after this."
,Recommended,288930,22752981,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Cthulhu's Gribbly Monocle,"Score: 6.5 / 10Price/Value: $5 CND or lessTime: One and a half hours.This is a rather short point-n-click title. The visuals are excellent for what it is; however, the voice acting is mediocre at best. Some of the characters sound like they are attempting accents rather poorly while others take a while to get up to speed. Many of you might recognize the voice of Jim Sterling from the popular 'Jimquisition' and he gives a delightful performance in the last chapter of the game. The role was one he seemed to have a lot of fun with and it comes out in his performance.As for if this is mystery or horror, I lean more towards mystery. The story is short and gives few details; yet there is something good here conceptually they have constructed which could flourish if nurtered properly.With the Steam Summer Sale around the corner do yourself a favour and pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,288930,22534708,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,{HB} Android D Rex,"Wow, what a great game, and a great storyline! 10/10 would seriously point and click again."
76561198050805708,Recommended,288930,22408033,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Bambi,"Feels like a good short horror novelA very short but beautiful and strange (in a good way) Point & Click adventure with not too many hard riddles. The atmosphere is slightly creepy but there are no jumpscares.The story is very well written, you can certainly feel the eeriness and the characters have great voice-overs. After I finished the game, I felt oddly satisfied but yearned for more. I just wish this would have been a little longer, as 2.4 hours for the full price (4,99 €) are just a little too short.If you get this game on sale, it is definitely worth the money.Can't wait for more!!"
76561198104484288,Recommended,288930,22405362,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,ObsidianNEET,"This trilogy was perfect.Everything about this, from the music to the pacing to the story and the twists and turns are all perfect.I just finished it and I'm literally floored, I can't even think of a way to describe this game.Play it.Just...just play it."
,Recommended,288930,28569166,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kitty,"I really liked it but I guess i'm just not really sure what happened at the end? I agree with the other reviewers, not sure why this was called a trilogy as it's just 3 parts of the same game.  Also, the demo is the middle one.  I prefered that character and would liked to have seen more with him.Got this game during the Winter Sale, totally worth the dollar and change."
,Recommended,288930,28257092,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,melancologic,Those puny old-school graphics won't scare me!*plays game at night on laptop in bed with headphones on and with lights off*It's 3am I can't sleep.
,Recommended,288930,27905551,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dr4gonst4r,"Pros:- Good story. Creepy without being over the top.- Full voice acting.- Nice SoundtrackCons:- Short. Only a few hours long at most.- Story lacks a conclusive ending.- Voice acting can be a bit off at some points.- Very linear. No real choice and always pretty clear what you should be doing.Conclusion:A nice, be it short, interactive novel good for an evening of phsycological/supernatural fun. The voice acting is for the most part good and combined with a really nice atmospheric soundtrack kept me pretty immersed in the game from begining to end. The only really bad thing I can say about it is it lacks a proper ending which kind of makes it feel like there was supposed to be a part two that never came."
,Recommended,288930,27794546,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LastNonak,"Pro:- voice acting- slight  horror atmosphere- good movement- length: ~120 minutes- story progress is not too slow or too fast- story provides enormous interpretation freedom- graphic fits the theme of the game perfectly- Audio also fits the game`s theme- story is kind of unpredictableContra:- Puzzles are a bit too easy (i only got stuck once)Well, all in all, a fun game. But i don`t reccommend it for everyone, but only for those people who`d like to play a short, fun and scary point & click style game!"
76561198192059846,Recommended,288930,33464448,Posted: 11 July,all,✧Senpai✧Post✧Mortem✧,"In short - GOOD! Atmospheric, dream-like mysterious, intriguing story with tasty pixelart.NOT for those expecting lots of PUZZLES, CHALLENGE, CHOICES. Also, 'Trilogy' refers to three chapters in the game, not three games or something, sweeties._____Thus, to elaborate a lil':Brilliant! That I can say for sure. I saw many people commenting on the shortness of the game, how it gets worse the further it goes and turns from intriguing to meh, something about not so good, even cringy voice acting - and POOP is what I exclaim dramatically in response to this! POOP!The game is short, yes - there are three chapters, I went through them in less than three hours in one run. Comparing it to longer games of this sort, like Kathy Rain, however... Yes, there is something peculiar here. Kathy Rain, an ok game which just does not go into the directions I would expect it to and stuff, has way more locations, characters to interact with, things to do - and yet it felt SHORTER to me than The Charnel House did. Charnel House first but softly licked, then just sucked me in with its atmosphere, how it greeew as I played! I was sceptical at the beginning, at the end I was in AWE and desiring to see a continuation. It is short, but well put together; tells compelling story, builds its characters, is ambiguos in a delightful sort of way.Puzzles? Meh. Not challenging - you just fly through them to flow further with the story. It may resemble some Visual Novels in this way - clicky click the thingie to get to the next scene, and truly, the clicky part is not there to slap you with a glove, it is a flashing arrow, the ""next"" button, to clumsily generalize, just more interactive, more compelling.So, NO tricky, challenging puzzles here. I dare to think a lot of complaining people got the game expecting them and they got hit by the dissapointment beam pretty hard.I find voice acting raging from ok to quite good, getting better as you proceed. And the writing, it made me feel so immersed! At the end, I really was CAPTIVATED and wanted MORE. But I did not feel emptish or like something could be done way better, I did not feel dissapointed - the game surely must have some flaws, though I did not notice them much, focused on them. I went through a story that just grabbed my squishy heart.What I can tell you is that maybe sooome sprites look kind of rectangly (mr Lang), and that while you can either interact with or examine an object, using these two options sometimes leads to the very same results.A good, solid tale of suspense; vague, maybe even surreal, yes, dream like at times. It felt GOOD to finish it, see? I felt I completed something; and I was satisfied, and felt this thing special, enriching.Want a PECULIAR, SUSPENSEFUL and MYSTERIOUS tale? Yup, grab it!Want a CHALLENGING ADVENTURE with tons of PUZZLE-SOLVING, FINDING SOLUTIONS, ANSWER GETTING..? Nope, this is not it, dearie. See, check Kathy Rain I mentioned before. Maybe, check Fran Bow, too. Both filled with guessing, getting somewhere, combining stuff and problem-solving, longer games... Look at them, really, and realize The Charnel House is simply NOT IT.It is sweet, unsettling, lovely and mmm, so ambiguous, dream-like treat! And it is neat to hear Jimmie boy there, too.  My, Sterling has a beautiful voice.Waiting for continuation or more games in this style!"
,Recommended,288930,32607111,Posted: 20 June,all,EmoTheKid,"While ,,Triology"" makes you think you would be getting 3 games, ...You can see how much playtime I have, so rather buy this game on discount and not for the full price.What I like about this game is that it creates a nice atmosphere. And some kind of little story.What I don´t like about it: the story is experimental, too many games are going that road, and most are pretty bad in that term. Also, it doesn´t use the point n click feature that much, the puzzles are very basic and generic. Often you are just following the lines of the story, not exploring or anything like that.The game can be a bit boring at times, but it is `ok´ overall. Don´t expect much."
,Recommended,288930,34901948,Posted: 12 September,all,FalseShepard,"Disclaimer: I reviewed Owl Caves other game, Richard & Alice, many years ago and was provided with a review key then. I bought Charnel House Trilogy with my own money though.A fantastic little game. Devised as a demo to upcomin Augur Peak, CHT manages to be a good game in its own right. The story is twisted and ♥♥♥♥ed up in a lovely way (read: it's about death, worms, zombies and madness, very pulpy). The art style is Ben Chandler goodness, so if you love any game of Wadjet Eye Games' making, you love Charnel House. I also really love how CHT wears its inspiration on its sleeve, or rather its bookshelf.Despite being short, the pacing of this game is amazing. Especially the last episode, Exhale, manages to lead players through changes in the environment as to never have them stand still or search for the way. Highly recommended."
