user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197977484071,Recommended,289130,12590187,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Severian,"Pros:1.  Beautiful, intriguing world.  Not generic fantasy.  Tons of inventive lore infused throughout the game.  Even descriptions of the odd map ""anomalies"" are interesting.2.  Emphasis on effective empire management (vs. constant warfare, as in AOW, Warlock, etc.).  City-building, economy balancing, and researching the tech-circles are immensely satisfying.3.  Combat is done nicely and wars aren't a slog.  Tactical battles can be fun to play out, or you can auto-resolve without worrying too much.  Unit upgrading is fun but not too time-consuming.4.  Different races that actually play quite differently.  Choose the Vaulters to race for a scientific victory, or the Necrophage to dominant your enemies.5.  Some innovative features that haven't been seen in 4x genre.  For example:  race-specific quest lines that actually serve as a unique victory condition, seasonal effects (summer/winter), the concept of regions limiting city placement, reinforcements, how heroes are handled (as generals or governors), etc., etc.Cons:1.  Still crashes periodically, esp. after I've been playing for a while (UPDATE:  this was fixed in later patches).2.  A.I. is deficient.  This is the game's greatest threat to long-term success. But it is possibly improving with each patch, and I wonder how the modding community's efforts will help. (UPDATE:  this is still the game's major flaw - you need to play on higher difficulty to experience a challenge, and then you're just giving the AI huge bonuses).3.  Some of the more nuanced aspects of the game are not obvious and require digging for info on forums, etc.Summary:I love turn-based strategy games, and I love this game.   Absolutely gorgeous and relaxing to play.  Nothing better than coming home from a long day at work and watching toddler, locking myself in my office, and playing Endless Legend till 1AM.  Plays quicker and smoother than Civ V.  Yes, the AI needs improvement, but that's every strategy game since the beginning of time.  If the developers support it like they did Endless Space, I think this is going to stay installed on my HD for a long time."
,Recommended,289130,16399655,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hrist Valkyrie,"""...an excellent game in a sea of mediocrity...""Are you looking for a Civ-a-like to play? Don't buy this. Go buy GalCiv 3 instead. Are you looking for a fresh, new look at 4X entirely? You just found it. Before I get into my personal thoughts [the review, essentially] I want to explain why I say this and why I feel how I do about my review, found further below the following four paragraphs.To say Endless Legend is like Civ just because its a 4X game is like saying a cheesecake is a cake simply because it has the word 'cake' in it, or a pie because its formed like one. Endless Legend may be labeled as a 4X, but neither does it fit into the traditional mold of a 4X nor does it conform to those of its predecessors, the most notable being Civ.One of the key principal differences, for instance, is that the land is divided into regions. In each region, there may only be one city. That's it. Choose wisely where you place it; finding out later on there are better resources to be had from founding elsewhere will hurt you in the long run. This is particularly notable just starting out. Rush placement for the early settlement lead, or explore a bit for a chance at longer term returns on prosperity in your capital?Another key notable feature that I like is that each of the major factions not only has a different play style, but has their own major quest as well. Completion of said quest before the final turn results in an automatic win for that faction. [AI opponents do not pursue quests, major or minor] Is it easy? NO. Do you get rewards along the way? Certainly. Are the rewards worthwhile? Most definitely.One of the final overhauls I want to mention is the combat system. Rather than Civ's straight out 'this is my unit strength, this is yours, let's do this' system, your units are grouped [as you see fit] into armies. When you engage another army, a small battle map opens and each unit is controlled manually by you, via a directive of three basic commands; attack, defend, hold. Pretty self explanatory. On top of that, there are faction specific and unit based abilities you can use in battle which greatly diversify the depth of combat, instead of just 'surround city with siege units, bombard, invade with one unit when done' as in Civ.Review:A/V:  First off this game is gorgeous. I don't generally place stock on judging a game based on graphics, but it *really* adds to the atmosphere here. The level of detail is incredible. To supplement that, the ambient sound effects and music are just as amazing and deserve an equal amount of praise. The graphics get a small demarkation for having to re-draw everytime you tab out of the fullscreen interface, however. I am hoping this is addressed, but if not its not a major detractor.Mechanics: As stated above, this game is a fresh look at a genre that, in my opinion, deperately needed new life. Endless Legend is that life, I feel. This game has introduced things in a way no one would likely have ever thought, and the best part is that the community continues to remain a large part of the process the entire way. If you do purchase this [or are on the fence] head over to the Amplitude forums and check out what we have all accomplished. Several dozen features and additions to this and their other two games have been ones suggested by or designed almost completely by the community. I digress, though. All of these mechanics may sound like a steep learning curve, and the first game through it is. After that one game, however, it flows much more logically and you'll likely end up asking yourself how such an amalgalm of crazy ideas never happened before this.Miscallenous: There are still some bugs and flaws being ironed out, but Amplitude is very studious and responsive about addressing these issues promptly and responding to user feedback on how to resolve these problems until patches are released. There's even a feature in the game to create your own faction with your own selectable traits, including a couple that aren't assigned to a preset faction by default. Amplitude wants this game to be something for *you*, so if none of what I've written grabs you by all means don't feel pressured. If, however, you feel like Civ used to be enjoyable but has seen its days and you need something new, or if you just love fantasy and deep lore based worlds; this is your game.Overall: I'm not a fan of numbered/aggregate ratings, so I'll just close with this; if you're on the fence after having read what I wrote, buy it. It will not disappoint. Its an excellent game in a sea of mediocrity that more than deserves a chance to shine.Editors note: Updating this to reflect that at the time of review, the expansions were not yet released. I am going to leave the review as is, as the review was not intended to be an in depth guide on the mechanics of the game/expansions. The purpose is to cover the base mechanics as a means for comparison. Thank you! [Updated 11-24-2016]"
76561198081690068,Recommended,289130,32143674,Posted: 2 June,all,masterson.andrew,"There are many things to like about this game, including the extensive customisability in (i) factions (ii) random world generation and (iii) victory conditions.  Essentially, everything that makes a game replayable.All the factions are playable as-is, and appropriate customisation allows one to grind through even the toughest settings - I've completed the game on all levels.  Lots of different ways to skin the cat!I played most of my hours with the Morgawr expansion disabled, and unless you're playing an ocean race I would leave them off - fortresses, etc. alter the dynamics of the game too substantially.My biggest complaint is that the victory animations are lacking - if you blink you might not notice that you won... lol.  Most games have at a minimum some pre-canned movie to watch, you don't even get that here - just a static image.  Oh well, everything else is what one needs in a freshly conceived 4X game that I can forgive them that."
76561198006331530,Recommended,289130,9922544,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,판차수,"This is less of a review and more of a preview of what you can expect from this game. I know that steam says I barely played EL - that's because I've been playtesting this game for several months before release. As such, I'm also inherently biased so take that into account.Why should you buy this game? The short answer is - if you have any doubts, don't buy it. Wait for the full release and then do your research and see if it's the kind of game that you will enjoy :)Personally though, I think that EL stands strong among other 4X games. It feels fresh and unique in many areas where 4X were starting to get stale. There's a lot to talk about so I'll just go over some of the bigger features:Firstly, the city management aspect. Like in most 4Xs once you make a city you can grow it, make improvements, train troops, gather food, industry, science, dust/gold and influence (FIDSI in short). But population works differently - you assign your workers (you population) to specific areas like food generation or influence generation. The amount of population working on that is multiplied by various bonuses (but it's at least *3) and then other various other bonuses are also added to the amount of FIDSI you can generate. This gives you a lot of control over what your city does (more so then in civ where you're much more dependent on the tiles around your city).Secondly, empire management. Every 20 turns you (and all other players) choose your ""empire plan"" which will define how you play for the next 20 turns. You need influence to invest into your empire plan - the more influence you invest, the better. You also have more options in empire plan as you enter new eras.Another use for influence is in diplomacy - all diplomatic actions (closing borders, declaring war,  etc) require some influence. You can also spend influence to improve your influence with AIs. Right now however, this aspect of the game only has basic functionality because there's no multi (yet) and the AI is fairly dumb (for now).Additionally, the tech is non-linear, meaning that you have free control over which tech you want to go for next. There are no prerequisites to anything. However, you have to choose what you research wisely as technology gets progressively more expensive. The only limitation are the eras. Basically, in order to unlock tech from next era, you need at least 10 tech from previous era.Thirdly, army management. There are 5 main unit types in the game: infantry, ranged units, support units, cavalry and flying units. Each faction has access to 3 unit templates (+the settlers) which you can then customize to decent extend. For example, you can equip your infantry with weapons that will help you fight cavalry - which normally is a good counter to infantry.Because each race can only use 3 basic templates (in as many versions as they want of course, I'm just talking about the infantry/support/etc kind of templates), you also have to rely on assimilating minor factions into your empire. Minor factions will grant you an empire bonus and give access to their unique unit templates. This allows you to make up for the fact that you don't natively have access to certain unit type. For example, the Wild Walkers faction has no access to flyers so they can assimilate Khazanji minor faction to gain access to Demons - a new flying unit template. There are of course limitations to how many races you can assimilate.Fourthly, the battles. They're quite unique since they're played on world map (like in civ) but are little skirmishes by themselves (like in AoW3 but you have less control). Each battle starts with a deployment phase and planning phase (during which you give your units orders). Then, the battle kicks in and you watch how your units duke it out. After a while you get the opportunity to change your orders around if you so choose. You also have to remember that there's elevation in this game - attacking from high ground will give you a decisive advantage while using cliffs can lead to some Hot Gates scenarios. The battles still have ways to go, true, but they're quite enjoyable already, even in alpha state.Lastly, the world. Auriga (the planet you play on) looks gorgeous and I wouldn't hesitate saying that it's one of the best looking 4X games (if not the best). Aside from great visuals, there are numerous things to discover on Auriga - there are many anomalies (special tiles that are usually very good), ruins to explore (they are persistent btw), minor faciton villages,  and a huge amount of various biomes. Plus the standard - resource deposits and so on.Also, let's not forget about quests. Each faction has a storyline expressed via a quest system. Every player is given a set of quests that they can complete for rewards (completing all of them will win you the game but that's not implemented yet). Aside from these main quests, you can also gain various side quests from minor factions, ruins and so on. The quests are quite interesting and make the game feel more alive, they also let you discover the lore of the game.In general, I do recommend this game but encourage you to do some more research first. Especially if you plan buying it in its alpha state.Also, this review is mostly a quote from a wall of text I wrote on the forums once. Just FYI ;)"
76561198043960246,Recommended,289130,19387408,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kasumi Tani,"An excellent 4X turn-based strategy, set in pre-apocalyptic fantasy (or is it fantasy..?) world. Your planet, Auriga is dying, with winters steadily getting longer and harsher, and threatening to kill all life on the planet. But relics left by the ancient race, the Endless may hold key to saving Auriga, or some other means to survive the coming cataclysm. But other factions have their own plans on how to survive the disaster – and some just happily fight for territory heedless of approaching doom, so you may have to conquer the world in order to save it.Gameplay-wise, Endless Legend is 4X turn-based strategy with tactical battles and some RPG elements. The main focus is strategy, particularly expanding your empire and developing your cities. As the cities control the whole regions they are built in, and as expansion is limited in early game (partially due to increasing disapproval among your citizens if you expand too much, and partially due to high for early game settler cost), you have to plan which regions to colonize first. And as your cities’ population grows, you can build up your cities, visibly expanding them from small settlements into megapolises that cover entire regions they are in.Tactical combat isn’t as good as in some other games that focus more on it, but still decent enough. Interesting aspect of it is that while units act in turn in combat, all orders are given in the beginning of each combat turn, without knowing how enemies will act, which can make combat unpredictable. Whether it is a good or bad thing depends on whether you enjoy an extra challenge or get frustrated by randomness of battles. If you don’t want to engage in tactical battle, the game allows automatic resolution for all battles, often with quite satisfactory results.And finally, as for RPG elements, Endless Legend allows you to recruit heroes from a very large list that can either serve as cities’ governors or command armies (and in addition to granting bonuses to an army, fighting in combat themselves as well). As might be expected, the heroes level up as they fight or govern cities, increasing not only their combat stats but allowing you to choose their level-up bonuses, with each faction’s heroes having unique set of skills to choose from.I fully recommend Endless Legend to anyone who likes 4X turn-based strategies or want to give this genre a try, especially if they want to enjoy a pretty good story to go with the game."
,Recommended,289130,17729062,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,IllithidBane,"Take Civ V, remove the limitation of one unit per hex, add in actual terrain elevation, make the different factions play differently, remove the million-city strategy by enforcing separated regions, change battle from ""my number is bigger"" to small tactical engagements, and give individual military units more significance than ""rifleman #14"", at the cost of a shallower tech tree and a debatable ""winter"" mechanic that cripples any empire not ready for it by turn 200+. This is what a sequel to Civ V should have been. Given the choice between this or Beyond Earth, buy this twice."
76561198030899809,Recommended,289130,12157133,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Gros Shadok,"This is the most surprisingly great game I've ever seen on Steam.Surprising because considering the small price, and considering I'm a fan of the Civilization saga since the first one, I was expecting a nice game inspired by Civilization but certainly not as good.Well I was wrong. This game is at least as good as Civilization and may be even slightly better because :- it has way better graphics (including a real 3D map with elevations : on the contrary to Civ you can 'climb' hills to reach a plateau for example to shoot arrows from above... and of course this gives you bonus) and a very cool and modern User interface- it has RPG elements (quests but also a good heroes management in which you can customize the equipement and also chose specilizations like you do in any RPG)- it has turn based battles (which I love... but you still can use automatic battle resolution if you prefer)- it has seasons with real effects on the game- it has an interesting units customization feature (in Civ the upgrade system is more basic here you can equip you units with new shield, armor, weapons but also items that give some extra points... it's very RPG inspired)- it has a very usefull and well made training.So, it is a good combo of TRPG and 4X games. Exactly what, personnaly, I was looking for for a long time !!!"
76561197976547488,Recommended,289130,12138263,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Nomarch Ankhtify,"Civ 5, Heroes of Might and Magic had a baby together and that baby grew up and had a baby with Endless Space and this baby has now grown up and it is glorious in every level.Incredibly polished, incredibly neat, incredibly addictive and a game that stands out from the rest. If you like Empire-builders, this game is for you!Ignore the ""Early access"". This game is ready to be sold. I have only experienced one single bug in this game and the MP works like a clockwork. It's highly optimised, full of features and pretty to look at. I wish more Devs would make their games this way, it warms my heart!"
,Recommended,289130,29068948,Posted: 6 January,all,Mister Monocle,"So I'm going to assume that you've played CIV V in the past. Endless Legend's another 4x game like it, but in my opinion, it's so much better. And here's why:1) I know this is the advantage of being in a fantasy setting as opposed to the ""Real world"" (You get what I mean, I know Civ 5 isn't historically accurate, but it tries to stay in the world of realism), but all the factions feel genuinly different and exciting from one another. Both in style and aesthetics, the difference between Wild Walkers and Ardent Mages is far, far greater than say The Netherlands and Japan.2) I like the way that influence is a resource. I know it kinda takes the place of culture in that it's used for policies, but having to save up a resource that's more than just troops for wars and the like makes diplomacy far more meaningful, I find.3) The way strategic and luxury resources are done. Instead of ""This deposit has 8 iron"", it says ""This deposit has titanium"", and just gives you 1 per turn. It let's you build things that require a lot of that resource even if you only have 1 source, just slower than other people who have more. It makes a lot more sense to me. the fact that each luxury item is different from one another and have different effects is a lot more interesting than just giving +Happiness, and the booster system means that having 5 dye deposits (I wish) is more useful than it is in civ, where you have to desperatly try and peddle it off or it's a huge waste.4) This is a personal thing, but I like the fact that technology is seperated by era rather than previous tech. I find it a far nicer system to work with as it lets me get what I want when I want it, instead of having to research bloody sailing even though I'm completely land locked.5)  I know this is locked away in Tempest, but naval warfare is so bloody interesting now. With ocean based citadels and bloody weather effects that you have to wrstle with, I've never been happier to play on ocean-heavy maps. The ocean's not just an awkward land, it's its own living breathing world.6) The living breathing world that is Auriga. The lore I'm uncovering from quests and gameplay is ridiculous, and it really brings the world to life. It makes me sympathise and despise each faction for their motives and executions, and I love it. Plus, I'm learning the more and more I play that this is Sci-Fi, not high fantasy. It's amazing.7) Minor Factions are a far better method of doing barbarian encampments and city states. They're a great blend of the two, spawning enemy units like barbs, and giving meaningful bonuses like city states. Plus, your opponents can't just take them over and use them as a base of operations against you.8) I know this is a controversial one, but I love winter. 1-30 turns where I'm surviving rather than thriving? I'm amazed with how much I love the double edged sword of dread and gratitude depending on whether or not I'm being invaded at the time9) I love the region system. There's X regions, this is their shape and size, and there's one city for each. I think it makes placing cities a lot more important than in civ where you can fart them around all over the place, and I get a lot less worried about having my neighbours settle all over me (Like the bloody shoshone). Plus, I think it makes zooming out and gazing upon your empire more satisfying. They're something nice about having all those rough edges instead of clean hexagons. Losing a city means losing a huge chuck of territory, and taking a citygains a huge chunk. The wars I've been in have been far more exciting as a result.10) Populations gets you citizens, like in Civ. I like just yelling at them to make more cabinets, sell more cabinets, or research new and exciting cabinets rather than making them work tiles. The fact that all the tiles get worked on automatically fits into this, as does the fact that your 20 population city is probably going to take up a hell of a lot more space than 1 tile. The fact that you can actually expand cities is something I love11) The way wars are fought. it;s not just blankets of single units, but a few core armies with 6-8 units in each. It makes it a HECK of a lot quicker and cleaner, while still having a grand scale. The fact that you can hands on rather than auto is something that I like to do if the odds are against my favor, but I can think of a clever stretegy to turn the tide in my favour.12) The hero system is something I like far more than the great person system. Instead of getting four bloody musicians I can't do anything with until the bloody modern era, you just get heros who you can use as spies, governers or generals, each able to be upgraded into whatever you want them to be or do. It's a super nice system I find, as I can just always get exactly the hero I need when I need them, which leads me nicely onto...13) The marketplace system is one I like. ""Oh I have no adamantium and noone will trade it with me"" Well little Billy, you don't just have to resort to war anymore, you can just buy some. At a high price so it shouldn't be your first option, but it's nice to always be able to get what you need. Plus you can play the stock market in case you want to play Offworld Trading Company while you play Endless Legend.It's a nice way to get extra troops and great people too.tl;dr: It's a good game.Get it."
76561198035135821,Recommended,289130,23846591,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,timb132,"I looked through a lot of reviews before writing this and I find myself in a quandry. I can understand both the positive and negative reviews I read, they are mostly coherent and true. I have played most of the 4x games(historical, fantasy and sci-fi) that have ever been published so I think I can reasonably say I am speaking from experience.PositivesI have played over 1400 hours including all the expansions. With that said I obviously like the game and I don't think I have anything new to say that you can't already read in other reviews.NegativesThere are still some things that bug me about the game even after several expansions and updates and I think they deserve mentioning. I have noticed that people that like this game are almost defensive about it and refuse to admit it's weaknesses.Documentation, rules, tutorials - These are all pretty bad especially for a game that many people would find complex. I really enjoy games with depth to them, that is not what I am talking about. Even after 1400 hours their are technical elements of the game I do not understand and rules I am surprised by. That shouldn't happen (especially with an experienced gamer). Much of the useful documentation has been published by players. I find it frustrating to dig through home made guides that may or may not answer my questions. The discussion group can be equally opaque. Hoping you can guess the right key word that will take you to a comment applicable  to your issue is equally frustrating. Just as a prime example, the game has several races you can play. There was 1 race in particular that I just wasn't understanding fully despite a variety of searches. At one point someone suggested a tutorial on YouTube. I clicked the link, it was just under an hour long!? And, no I did not even try to watch it.Combat - In a way this goes with my previous comment. Despite my research I still don't think I fully understand the manual combat. You give your units some generalized commands(order matters) and hope they do what you asked of them. Some of the behavior the units perform is thoroughly bewildering, i.e. you tell a unit to 'Defend' and it charges forward? Regardless, it is a long game and between that and the peculiarities of combat I simply use autocombat barring some unusual circumstances. Personally I enjoy empire building over tactics, but that is just a matter of taste.Bugs - despite how long it's been out there are still several bugs. Are they game stoppers, generally no, that doesn't mean that I enjoy them. The developers have offered many updates and you are welcome to post bugs on their site as long as you have a save file to go with it. Not all bugs can be demonstrated with a save file.In the end, do I recommend the game, absolutely, but it has it's flaws."
76561198078291052,Recommended,289130,9925001,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Stealth Hawk,"New to Amplitdue's games and looking for some Pros and Cons on buying Early Access? Well heres some for you.*** Updated as of Beta v 0.5.18 S3 ***Pros-An incredible amount of visual polish for an Early access game, and its only going to get better. You can zoom in far out or insanely close. Up close the details are stunning. And zooming far out gives you a ancient looking map with all the details you need.-It's a Completely unique game. Coming from someone who enjoys the Civ series thouroughly, this game feels totally different and adds yet another delicious 4X flavor to my palate. Some things that make it different: High Ground advantadge, Adaptively Progressive Tech trees, The Market, Minor faction integration, and much more.-Unique factions: I've played all of the major factions in complete games. This much I can tell you: If you play two factions with the same strategy it will not end well for you. Their uniqueness adds allot of immersion to the game.Cons: (Will be updated as game progresses)-The GUI is set up in such a way that you can easily make a mis-click with units and suffer consequences you never intended. There is a high chance this will be polished up before release.-The economics of the game feel flat. The dissaproval systems are pretty linear and leave a little to be wanted, however there is more economic depth planned and even more will most likely be added before Early Access ends.[This game contained many cons at EA release but these are since gone]Endless Space problems not found in Endless Legend:-Steamrolling combat. Endless Space suffured from this, however combat is deep and thought provoking in Endless Legend even in early access. Also, there is much less of a ""Rock Paper Scissor"" feel to the game-Endless Space had a lack of Diversity. Endless Legend on the other hand is teeming with diversity.-Immersion. From seeing heroes fight on screen, to a richly stylized GUI, to incredible artwork, Endless Legend pulls you into the game's universe and keeps you there.Overall, this game is an incredible EA game, and a steal with the release sales. And to speak of bugs, beyond a minor one here and there, they are practically non existent.So looking for Endless entertaiment? This is it."
,Recommended,289130,19162362,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,AeonOfTime,"As a huge fan of the Civilization series since its inception, I was skeptical at first trying out Endless Legend. I had a bit of trouble understanding how the game mechanics work, but once everything clicked into place, it was quite a revelation. I am now thoroughly hooked.What I love:The vibrant colors and sharp graphics (Civ actually looks dull compared to this)The huge amount of original, detailed and superbly animated landscape featuresThe world of Auriga, winter and summer cyclesThe radically different playstyles between factionsThe faction main quests and sidequests, well written and challengingThe turn speed, even on large maps with lots going onThe minor factions, original and strategically menaningfulDesigning your unitsWhat I found annoying:The fights. I prefer just doing these on automatic.The city micromanagement in the later game (although that's shared with all 4X games)No hero auto-level up (I'm nitpicking here)I would recommend this to everyone who likes 4X games."
,Recommended,289130,20003329,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bufnitza,"Welcome to Endless Legend. Take a seat and listen, as I unravel to you one of the best 4X games of the past few years.First of all, there are some things to bear in mind when considering this game, and for some people, these might be off-putting at first, especially if approached in a mainstream or Civilization-like manner. The first thing to consider about Endless Legend is that it encourages experimentation and kindly invites you to leave dogmas and balance at the front door before you enter its universe.So, onwards we go.If you've played Amplitude's former 4X Sci-fi space game, you'll immediately feel familiar with some of the concepts here. Endless Legend is actually set in the same universe, but rather on a single planet, named Auriga. Gameplay itself and the UI is very similar to Civilization V and fans of this game will immediately feel at home. However, there are a few subtle differences.Auriga's first impressions are breathtaking. The landscapes are beautiful to watch and behold, making the most of the fantasy theme which has been provided. Also, Auriga features 2 seasons. Games start at the beginning of Summer, and every once in a while, a short Winter will set in. However, this isn't just a cosmetic feature. Winters affect most aspects of gameplay, including military and economic aspects, and some quests can only be completed during a certain season. Winter itself is a pivotal mechanic to the storyline, as Winters will become longer and harsher as time goes by, and you must find a way to ""fix"" this or risk complete obliteration of Auriga.Speaking of quests, they make a pretty big part of Endless Legend. While the main quest will eventually lead a civilization to victory, there are dozens of side-quests to be found across your journies, varying from mundane tasks (such as kill X creature, provide Y resources) to more compex ones, such as forming an alliance or capturing a town. Most quests actually have follow-ups and context, so they're not completely forgettable.Auriga is also a very lively place. You will encounter roaming creatures and also native tribes. These tribes are akin to Civ5 city-states and can be persuaded through various means to join an empire and provide unique bonuses or units. And speaking of tenants, you share the world with the other civilizations. Amplitude made full use of the fantasy setting and created a set of wonderful civilizations, each different and with their own personality, charm and mechanics. While in Civ, all civilizations were technically the same, bar some variety in buildings and units, in Endless Legend, each civilization is completely different. For example, the Roving Clans are trade oriented nomads, able to move around their cities. They're so trade-oriented that they can't even declare wars, and must push through trade, diplomacy and alliances. The Necrophages, on the other hand, are on the opposite side of the spectrum, being an all-evil warmongering insectoid race which consumes everything and is constantly at war, not being able to ally with anyone. No matter who you choose to play with, the level of detail and artwork will surely surprise you.Progress is done via eras and a tech tree. While not as excentric and confusing as the Endless Space tech web, the tech tree of Endless Legend is also not as bland as the one in Civ5, for example. What Endless Legend wants you to do is to encourage experimentation. Forget about linear tech progression or ""must-have"" technologies. You can go that path, of course, but you will not only be very slow in progression, but you will also feel that the tech tree is there just for the sake of being. Instead, it invites you to try a more daring approach.You dont' *have* to unlock everything, from hero recruitment, to all the resource extractors, to all armor and weapon upgrades. Doing so is the obvious but also the blandest way. I found out that experimenting with lesser-mainstream approaches can lead to interesting results. For example, in a game, I skipped completely through a set of resource extractors in order to focus on more combat-oriented techs (like weapons+armor) without having to linger too much in early eras. I ended up reaching the fourth era first and having OP military which then resulted in a fairly easy late-game. Surprisingly, the other civs were pretty easy-going on trading the resources I was lacking, so I didn't really feel handicapped by skipping those extractors.Also, I've also won with just one hero by skipping most militaristic tech and piling up economic and trading techs. I was the laughing stock of the game when i came to military, but funny enough, I didn't have to deal with any wars, as the other Civs were appeased by my edge in trading and economic ""gifts"", allowing me to spearhead through the main questline and win the game.This, of course, would never be possible without a proper diplomacy system. Endless Legend's diplomacy system, fortunately, is one of the best I've seen. Trading of resources and tech is done by using a special resource called ""Influence"". Alliances and conflicts are also brokered the same way, which means that players who focus on Influence tech and buildings can easily become rulers of the world. The AI is also very well-done in this regard, with leaders having proper attitudes and reactions to diplomatic events.Of course, when diplomacy fails, the swords do the talking. As all 4X games, Endless Legend features a combat system. As with the rest of things, its combat system is far from mainstream. Instead of using a simple die roll, each combat is resolved on a tactical battlefield, similar to ones in Heroes of Might and Magic games. However, there are very different mechanics.While the battlefield itself is merely a ""zoomed-in"" version of the actual terrain, units are not exactly in direct control of the player. Each battle goes through seveal ""phases"", and the player can only issue pseudo-orders to units, in the way of ""try to move here"" or ""try to attack that unit"". However, during the resolve phase, units attempt to carry those orders but there is no guarantee that the action will succeed. This may happen due to the units being out of range or the path becoming blocked. While this can be frustrating for people who like total control of the battlefield, it is actually a more realistic approach to the battlefield, by making the player feel more of a general in command, rather than a God dictating each and every move of its underlings at any given point in time. The only problem arising is that sometimes, units' pathfinding might be awkward and inconsistent with the player's expectations. Fortunately, for such people, an automatic battle system is available, which is more than decent in resolving conflicts.Overall, I would recommend this game to every 4X fan out there. However, I would like to stress again that this is not your average game which lets you comfortably settle into a comfort zone. Getting the best out of Endless Legend will mean having to avoid that comfort zone, experimenting a lot and thinking out of the box. Almost all aspects and challenges in the game can be resolved in more than one way and sometimes the optimal way to do it is not necessarily the most obvious one. This game rewards those people who dare go outside the comfort zone and that's what sets it apart from the rest. If you expect a game which emphasises balance, precise combat and a sandbox for you to expand your empire in, you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,289130,32870345,Posted: 27 June,all,Ronan,"This is one of my favorite 4X strategy games as it contains the wonderfully detailed art of Civ 5, but simplicity of Civ 6. What I mean by simplicity is how easy it is to gain a rough understanding of the world, UI, races, battles, resources, buildings, etc...,but not a lack of depth. There are several ways to win through scientific, economic, influential, conquering or by doing the main quests and any race can win using these victories, but obviously some specialize in specific categories.One of the few fantasy games without any most Tolkien's classic races like dwarves or orks, but insteading we have evil crab politicians, bipolar shapeshifters, bipedal man-eating insects and backstabbing beetle riding humans that will constantly ban you from the market until you burn their last city to the ground and stomp on whatever crawls out.You can randomize the world so you can get different results like starting in a dense jungle thats impossible to walk  through or the artic tundra where your city will slowly starve to death. You can spawn alone in the middle of a  huge continent or wind up on a small island with murderous cultists that want to teach you about their religion. Unlike Civ, there are outposts in the Ocean that provide useful resources if your greedy neighbors steal them on. Though this requires buying the DLC, which is relatively cheap considering that Sega owns Amplitude.My one complaint would be that one of the races is literally a copy and paste of another race and that there is no race that specializes in air superiority when there is a DLC race that specializes in sea power."
76561197977010468,Recommended,289130,28418472,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Obsidian Shadow,I had given a negative review to this game in 2014 mainly due to lack of understanding of the game mechanics and frequent crashes. Now with a modern 64 bit system it runs amazingly well and I realized how wrong I was and how great this game really is and why it got so many positive reviews.It is an exceptionally well-made 4x fantasy turn-based-strategy that is quite addicting once you understand how to play.Since I initially found it difficult to understand gameplay concepts and strategies I wrote a Steam guide: '' A simple Endless Legend guide for beginners''.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=818373604Playing this game requires lots of thought and reflexion. It is not for the crowd that plays games on phones and tablets.  Also not for scatterbrained  people unable to focus on one thought for more than a few seconds.But it is soooo deep and rich and addicting that I plan to play it for many years to come.Please upvote my Steam guide if you find it useful and upvote my review so more people can know about my guide and learn to love this game.
,Recommended,289130,9922849,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,NsaneDragn,"**Updated 4/26/14** All Future Updates will be found in chronological order as you continue to read.First Day Launch Review. Will update as updates come (to the best of my ability).For those who decide to look and say TL;DR - Great game, Worth the Price, Alpha = Better than any Alpha I have played, Missing Some features and directions, but will be fixed over patches as is known to happen with Amplified Studios.Let me start by saying, this is EASILY the best Early Access game I have seen come to Steam. It is already VERY polished for a game still in Alpha. The graphics are actually more impressive than I expected from an Alpha version. Glitches? Kept to a minimum so far, in fact, I don't think I have really seen anything that was more then a moment's annoyance.A previous review I read said, it takes too many clicks for a unit to make an action, compared to Civ. I disagree. I select the unit, tell it to walk to the tile i want, once its there, it pops up and says ""Do this action?"" And I can say Yes or no. Quite simple. Attacking another unit? Select your unit and click the other one. Very simple, not tedious, not a pain, and considering how much this game LACKS in direction at its current stage, its refreshing to be given instructions to understand.The game plays like a combination of Age of Wonders (I,II,II), Civ (Any), Fallen Enchantress and Endless Space. It takes the best part of each game, and mixes them together. Want an easy way to build you cities and manage your workers? Done. Want to have a little more control over battle but still have it streamlined so it doesn't bog down your game? Done.The Tech tree is similar to the Endless Space Tech Tree with a few differences. Right now, you can only research the Tech of the ""Age"" you are in. You gain levels in ""Age"" by researching so many of the previous ""Age's"" technologies. For example, you start at the First Age and can not advance to the Second until you have researched 10 technologies. The only catch on this is, you do not need to research certain technologies to unlock more advanced ones. For example, if you do not research Age One Weapons, you can still research Age Two Weapons. I am sure this is something that will be addressed in a later patch.I have so much more to say, but I just want to play! More updates and information to come!**Update 4/26/14**So now that I have some more time to expand upon things I wrote earlier, I am going to do my best to do so.So as I have said, this game plays like a combination of a few games. Most notably it feels like Fallen Enchantress and Civilization games. Allow the following to help explain what I mean by this.Fallen Enchantress - The biggest similarities come from how the units stack. You stack armies onto a single tile. You are also limited to how many units can be in a single stack. This is based upon your hero and your tech tree. There are roaming bands of armies (mostly made up of creatures) as well as the other empire's armies. When you initiate battle, you will also notice that it has a similar system that shows you how balanced the fight will be. It differitiates slightly from here though. You pick if you want your armies to play offensively, defensively or stay put. Then, your battle takes place on the actual hexagons of the campaign map, but it is limited to a small area. It does not go to a difference screen where the single hexagon turns out to be some huge 12x12 area inside of that single tile. This means that you can potentially start a battle in a part of the world map, knowing that they have to come through a bottleneck because of a mountain range with only one entrance. Once you start your battle, you have the opportunity to place your units in the desired hexagons prior to the fight starting. this allows you to protect your ranged by playing them behind mountains or cliffs and adds a nice level of strategy into the battle, while not becoming so tedious that you spend hours in a single battle (for example a Total War game where you might spend 10+ minutes arranging your armies perfectly). After you have placed your units, you get to choose what units target which enemy units. Then once the round starts, the action is streamlined and you are along for the ride. This helps streamline battle, but it does have rounds where you can re-adjust your strategy to ensure your victory.*A quick note I will need to add more to later, they also allow you to upgrade/change gear on your armies just like in Fallen Enchantress. I will need to expand on this more later.Civilation - It is similar mostly through building and placing cities. You also have control over what your population works on in each city (i.e. FIDSI - Food, Industry, Dust, Science and Influence . You build expansions on your city, utilize resources in your region and basically control your settlements expansions.A couple quick notes I want to make here.* You can only create one settlement in each region. Choose wisely. You *can* still use any resource in that region, even if you are not settled next to it. This mainly makes you choose wisely when it comes to the resources available in the tiles near you.*Influence and Empire Direction - You use influence to choose the direction of your empire every 20 turns. I made the mistake (due to lack of instructions) of thinking this feature was not implemented. You do not just click the direction you wish to go, you must click and DRAG it to the marker line. I spent my first 60 turns before I realized this.*There is no tutorial. This is not a game to learn 4x strategy on. It is still being developed. There are truly no directions and you will make mistakes or wrongful assumptions. It may frustrate you when you do so. Save often, you will appreciate when you can go back 20+ turns because you didn't fully understand the consequences of an action you took so long ago, thinking it wouldn't effect you the way it did. I am sure a tutorial will be available upon release if not sooner. If you have any questions, you may also feel free to add me and I will answer them to the best of my ability.MORE UPDATES TO COME!! Check Back often please! Feel free to comment! If you find something lacking, please let me know so I can help you make more informed decisions!"
,Recommended,289130,25855185,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,sotha chill,"The Chinese red army mass-♥♥♥♥ed the review score into mixed because a mod got taken off, the game is good so don't let it fool you."
76561198075908627,Recommended,289130,33042883,Posted: 30 June,all,Boden,"Positives+ Interesting lore and quests for each faction+ Factions have very distinct play styles which are layed out for you on the faction selection screen.+ MANY ways to win a game, can win without entering combat at all if you like.+ Non linear progression system. Can research technology how you like which provides flexibilityin game.+ Great visuals+ Can create custom factions to cater to your specific play style (personally i feel the default factions are perfectly fine)+ RTS Style combat that uses the world map+ Can upgrade Units and Heroes with equipment and items earned from quests or built withinyour empire.+ One of the easier 4x games to ""break you in"" to the genre+ Great customisation options for games such as world generation options, victory conditions enabled/disabled and turn  limit.Negatives- Tad too easy on normal difficulty. Start your first game on normal but jump up in difficulty when you understand how the game works.- Although i said the game is one of the easier games in the 4x genre to pick up there are a few elements that aren't explained brilliantly. Combat for example can be a bit tricky if you don't know that if you want to stand a chance in  combat, upgrading units is essential. Also keep in mind positioning, get to the high ground whenever you can. The diplomacy victory option is also tough to keep track of if you don't know where to find the diplomacy point value you generate per turn. Don't worry if this all sounds confusing, google is your friend! Although i count it as a negative against any game if i have to resort to google for any reason.- Like other reviews have said; the victory screen could use some work. A single image with the victory type achieved below it seems a bit ""meh"" for all the effort. An ending cinematic would have been nice for each faction!OverallOne of my favourite 4x games ever. The diversity in the factions makes this a great game to replay as each playthrough feels different."
,Recommended,289130,25829140,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Navarre,"Don't mind me, just throwing my hat over here to counterbalance a bit the misguided chinese critics bashing the game because the devs had a translation mod linking to a pirate site deleted. The modder whined on a chinese site that the devs were mean with chinese people, and they came to bash the game without having any clue of what was going on. That's internet for you.Haven't had time to play it in depth yet, but it's gorgeous and very intriguing, a 4x with sort of a fantasy/sci-fi storyline mixed in, with original mechanics. It looks very interesting."
,Recommended,289130,28702808,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,hkennyrules101,"Pros:-Several balanced factions each with unique gameplay-Deep, rewarding gameplay-Beautiful graphics-Beautiful soundtrack-Activatable/Deactivatable DLC-Customizeable units-Custom faction creation-Surprisingly deep storyline for a 4x game-Soild tutorialCons:-AI before hard is moronic-Learning curve-Mezari are just a reskin of Vaulters, with a shared storyline and everythingOverall:This is a 4x game.  If you're at all into 4x games, Endless Legend introduces several new and cool aspects to the genre while keeping things balanced.  There are several victory types, some of which can be accomplished simply by finishing the main plotline.  And the main questline of each faction gives rewards that help your civilization and make them worthwhile, even if you don't intend to win a quest victory.The factions are numerous and vastly different, and there is a lot to learn.  If you haven't had much experience with 4x games, it can be a bit daunting.  However, the tutorial does a good job of introducing the core concepts and giving a runthrough of the new material, such as customizing your units and giving them equipment for the job.  There is a lot here that I could rant about, such as minor factions and the intelligently laid out science tree and diplomacy screen, and the marketplace options.  There's so much to do just in the base game, and the expansions all add something of value.Definitely worth buying, and it regularly goes on sale if you can't afford the full $40.Bottom Line:Easy Recommend"
,Recommended,289130,25356966,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,THE_WOOLYHAM,"I'm going to tell you why this game currently has a mixed review instead of its past positive review.The author of an unofficial Chinese-translation mod didn't respond back to the developers about his or her mod, and it was promptly removed somehow, which I don't even know how as I'm guessing they patched it where you can't change the game's text; I don't know.I know this doesn't exactly sound very much sense, since mods are made and used, at times, against the wishes of its creators. But rumor has it that the mod had a link that led anyone who used the mod to a Chinese pirating site, and this reference to a pirating website broke Steam's terms-of-service. The sudden removal of this mod angered the Chinese speaking community, and they protested the developer's action by bombarding the game with recent negative reviews.So, unless you're Chinese who can't read any of the game's supported languages, don't take the recent reviews to heart. If you are Chinese and who can read this; well, you gotta do what you gotta do. You can either support your fellow countrymen and bully the developers about the removal of the mod, or ignore it and play the game in English. You're responsible for your own actions so carry on."
,Recommended,289130,12157559,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Pretty_Ian,"Amazing theme, Beautiful world, Lush graphics, Enthralling Lore, playing gives a sense of purpose in the world, Well emphasized factions, Enjoyable combat, Fun to play overall, Elegant UI, Pretty fast paced for a 4x game.AAAAAHHHH <3 I'm in love with a game.Enough content to get you hooked, not enough content to satisfy what you'll be craving for afterwards. YOU WILL WANT MORE.I tried to be serious, but damn I'm as happy as a little girl finding out about her crush liking her back.-I got mocked by lizard people 10/10"
76561197970520135,Recommended,289130,9921388,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Stewchops,"From the creators of Endless Space comes a hybrid sci-fi/fantasy strategy game set on one world.  So far it's still in early access and it blows me away how good this game is.  Very polished for the stage it is in.  It continues to evolve the combat system from Endless Space where you don't micromanage each unit, but give broad orders to your army.  Some of the game concepts aren't clear when you first begin playing; for instance how far you should place cities to maximize land use, or how terrain affects the borders of your cities.  Not all is lost, however, as you have the option of razing your cities to effectively move the city, though this slows down your empire's progress.Some of the unit actions seem a bit more complicated than they need to be.  In Civ you're used to right clicking on a goody hut and everything is taken care of.  In Endless Legend you place your army next to the ""goody hut"" and then click on the action you wish your army to do, and then click again on the ""goody hut"".  This makes the task take three times as many clicks as needed and gets cumbersome after a short while.The tech tree is interesting, though a bit light imo.  It follows the path system set by Endless Space with a few changes.  You are not limited to which tech you wish to research except by which phase of the game you're in, which they call ""Age"".  There are 6 seperate Tech Trees, one for each Age.  There are no paths between the techs currently, though I hope they change that, and it is not quite clear how to advance to the next age.  It just sort of happens as you play.The units do not feel complete or unique yet.  They have different animations and icons, but I have yet to see a reason to bring along a support type unit with an army instead of all infantry or ranged, besides terrain.  Which leads to the next thing I'd like to talk about.  When you initiate combat the camera pans out a bit and uses the terrain of the world map as the battle field, with both height and types of terrain that affect how units move about the fight.  You can place the units initially, but after the fight starts you have no more control.  This makes ranged units very powerful, as you can place one on a cliff and it will plink away at a melee unit while it travels around the hexagon to reach the ranged unit.Overall I do reccomend the game for fans of Endless Space and Civilization type games.  If micromanaging units is a must, stay away."
,Recommended,289130,29479864,Posted: 25 January,all,北橋ミナヅキ,"i am a chinese japanese player, this game is very good.  but there are too many chinese players saying ""bad"" to this game because of their terrible English level,which is unfair."
76561198046289560,Not Recommended,289130,15622163,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,R U Dead yet,"Everyone throws massive showers of praise on this game, they love the factions, they love the rpg elements, they especiallly love all it's new twists on the 4X stategy genre. And I enjoy these things, the RPG elements with regiments and heroes is really cool, the battles are an interesting twist from the norm, the quests are cool and the factions are all very disinct in look, play and lore.However, I must stress caution with this game, don't expect a masterpice, becasue it isn't, the increadible amount of praise on this doesn't take into account all of this games problems, which is what i'm going to stress here.I first played this game when my friend brought it over on his laptop, I would play a few quick, short games and they where so much fun, and indeed the start of the game is a lot of fun. But once I had the game and started longer playthroughs, I began to get bored really quickly. The game is great when you start it up, but as you get further in, it becomes a drag. This is largely the fault of a terrible AI, which isn't a good thing to have in a game for a genre that is heavily reliant on single player.The Ai just doesn't know how to play this game, it will always build the same armies over and over again, in one playthrough it will build full stacks of Dragonlings, and only that, then next playthrough it will build 6 wyverns and two ancients per army, and thats it, it will take a stack and only build that stack, and this makes battles in one playthrough increadibly repetitie and boring. It's play style will never suit the scenario, andf it will almost never declare war on you. It's increadibly easy to beat as well, and this means that games become a drag to play through till the end.The quest system, while initially pretty cool, has multiple problems, for one it won't often make sense what it demands of you, for instance it may tell you to conquer a city from someone you've signed an alliance with when there is someone else much closer who isn't your ally. Biggest problem however is that they can become uncompletable very easily. You can get a quest asking you to do something that you've alrady done, and as a result the quest becomes incompletable. I remember with horror when in one of my campaigns I got a quest to increase the population of one of my cities to a certain level, and found that the population was already at that level, and then the quest became incompletable! And this was a faction quest, the kind nessisairy to continue the storyline!The winter system too, while initially cool (no pun intended), helps this drag as it bcomes more and more frequent the further you go into the game, and this helps add to the drag that you start to feel the further in you go.There are some other problems, but most of them are really negligable, the biggest dissapointment is that these issues could all be fixed with a better AI, and so it is with a heavy heart that must say i can't recomend this game, despite all the effort in the art style, the lore and all the unique mechanics, the poor AI just makes this game soo boring. So I say don't buy this game, at least not yet, if they fix the AI then it'll have my full recomendation, but until that stage, I just have to say no."
,Recommended,289130,26071720,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Boomer,"Strategy games have always been my preferred poison, all the way through my years of gaming. In fact, the first PC game I ever played was a little-known RTS by the name of Command & Conquer Red Alert, way back in 1996, and ever since then the genre has stuck with me – or I with it. At some point however, the RTS genre and its macro-focused gameplay died out in favour of more micro-focused strategy games like Total War or Company of Heroes.Fast forward a few years, to circa 2008-2010, when my beloved RTS games were starting to re-emerge with the release of Red Alert 3 and Starcraft 2. As one might have assumed, I was thrilled. Finally I was going to get to build bases, and armies, and navies, and collect resources, oh all the lovely resources, all over again. Except the magic wasn't there anymore. My obsession with the genre had seemingly vanished. Having spent the last few years replaying old favourites, like C&C Generals and AoE2, these newer games just didn't bring enough ""new"" to the genre, and it didn't relight any old fires.But my thirst for military strategy wasn't gone, just because these new games didn't live up to my own hype. So I began looking outside of the RTS genre – and lo and behold, wouldn't you know, my own personal strategy-Jesus had been hiding under my nose all these years in the shape of the 4X-genre. I stumbled into Civilization 5 by happenstance, and I never looked back.Which takes us to present day, Endless Legend, and the drug that is ""Just one more turn"". While Civilization held my attention for a long time, and still does to this day, my interest in the game started to wane when I realized there was only so much variation to be had. The most fun came from multiplayer, with human players, where their actions aren't always predictable. The computer follows a certain set of rules, while a human will not. And in the case of Civ5, these rules were set to change based on a very limited amount of variables.This is where I really being to drool over Endless Legend, and why it's such a great game, so bare with me. The rules the computer follows are, just as in Civ, based on variables. But the amount of variables are greater, much thanks to the game's unique neutral factions and elements that act independent of other players. While Civ5 has its City-states to be bribed, or its barbarians that need to be dealt with by force, Endless Legend has dozens of minor factions that can be both friend or foe, through combat, bribery, or quests. These can act as both a hindrance to your enemy, or a benefit to your empire, by suppling you with workers, gold (known as Dust), and sometimes special rewards for your various heroes, such as unique weapons or trinkets.Yes, heroes. Endless Legend features heroic units which are stronger than normal units and often have special abilities to be used in combat. The hero can be levelled up in an RPG-esque fashion, where you're given skill points to spend in a skill tree, which can benefit your heroes combat abilities, your armies strength, or a city's FIDSI (Food, Industry, Dust, Science, Influence) output if you assign them as a city's governor.Endless Legend is riddled with RPG-influences, and that's nothing but great. In fact, I would argue, that the game's many RPG-aspects should be something to aspire to for other 4X game studios. Every single unit in EL can be personally outfitted by the player, from what kind of weapon they carry, to the boots they wear. And every piece of equipment directly impacts the unit's damage, speed, health, production time, production cost, and so on.When you're out exploring, seeking treasure, slaying monsters to level your units and heroes, or just looking for new turf to expand your empire, you're constantly faced with choices to make, or actions to take. This keeps the game from ever reaching a lull, where you're just pressing ""next turn"", waiting for something to happen. You'll be wandering about, following through on quests that can take you all across the planet, sometimes to search for a troll's lost pet, and sometimes to besiege a city. Perhaps the Centaurs will want you to make a sizable donation in the form of 50 boxes of wine, or maybe the Orcs demand you avenge a kidnapping by an opposing clan in a bordering region.But Endless Legend is still a 4X game, not an RPG, and as far as I can tell, it's the king of them all. Here's a game, a 4X game, that has taken a genre that has gone without much change for a long time, and turned it on its head. By fusing sci-fi with fantasy, strategy with role-playing, Endless Legend has taken the four X's of exploration, expansion, exploitation, and extermination, and made something truly memorable and unique.The fact that you fight over regions instead of city placements in comparison to Civ5 means the game revolves less around the amount of cities you have (or where you have them), and instead around how influential a region can be. Is it more beneficial to go for the warmer regions with lots of food, or the colder regions with lots of science? Maybe you should try to colonize the coastal regions before your enemies, to hinder their access to land or sea.Combine this with the different factions that are all unique, and provide different playstyles and different end goals, and seldom will any game turn out the same. Perhaps you, as the Wild Walkers – an elven-like people who favour the woods, and would like nothing more than a peaceful existence – end up an unfortunate neighbour of the Necrophages – an insect-like people, who are quick to expand and whose sole desire is to feed the hive – forcing you into a war against an enemy you weren't prepared for. You'll have to put aside your vision of a great wonder that would bring you to victory, and instead produce armies capable of withstanding the rapidly multiplying Necrophages. All the while, across an ocean, the Roving Clans, a people with only Dust on their mind, are nearing the ultimate economic victory. Will you seek a truce with the monsters, even if it might cost you dearly in the end, in order to quell a new threat in foreign lands, or will you fight the evil at your door, and hope someone else can quiet the Dust empire across the ocean?Whichever route you choose, the game might not play out as you hoped. It could fall in your favour, or it could favour the enemy. Either way, each game – as long as you allow it – will be a different experience. Empires will rise, armies will march, cities will be sieged, and heroes will sway the tides of battle. Ultimately, this is a great game. Not just in its genre, but overall. I recommend this game both to newcomers and veterans of 4X games. It's a learn-by-playing kind of game, and I think everyone who gives it a fair chance will love it."
76561198033287437,Recommended,289130,26639713,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Shailo,"Endless Legend, like its sister game, Endless Space, is a well-crafted and interesting game with first-rate art assets. Unfortunately, also like its sister game, it is shackled to logic-defying gameplay decisions. Most notably, the combat AI and the presentation of information will trip you up repeatedly simply because they are often more in the way than helpful.The game world is very detailed and replete with good environmental assets that affect gameplay. Forests will increase a unit's defense, for example, attacking uphill will reduce attack, and there are even topological obstructions like cliffs that cannot be normally scaled and so create easily defensible positions. On the downside, though, because the land is so lush, you often cannot see the topology. Nor can you rotate the camera. The net result is that it is often very difficult to tell how to approach a certain spot, and even whether if it can be attacked by units in an adjacent space. If you are going to have topology affect gameplay then Rule #1 is that you must provide a means to assess what that topology is. Unfortunately, Endless Legend is indifferent to that rule and you are left to peer at the battlefield and guess. Often wrongly I might add. Even outside of combat you will still fall prey to being directed around cliffs you don't see.Note that the flying units don't have this problem as they can easily fly over obstructions and can attack from the base of cliffs. Ranged attackers can equally access enemies regardless of obstruction, but while ranged attackers can fire over water, flying units find water impassible and are forced to navigate over the land instead. An odd and troublesome choice, given that combat maps use the actual locale, and water often creates small and narrow spaces.The combat uses hex squares and as noted, can be affected by the terrain. There are probabilities for a normal hit, for missing and for critical hits depending on the unit's attack and the defender's defense. Different units have different attributes and those values can be affected by equipment, of which there are six tiers, each associated with a technological era. Leaders can also get special, quest-related equipment as well. So far, this is very nice. Where the game fails is in terms of the AI.The AI's biggest problem is in its obsession with getting units as far in as possible. Clearly, this avoids blocking the front of enemies and so allows other friendly units to engage the enemy as well. Unfortunately, it also tends to get units isolated and surrounded, and leads to units avoiding nearby enemies in favor of those far away, even if they can't reach them. It will leave your range attackers completely undefended, and cause crazy things like units moving away from combat because other friendly units temporarily block their path.You can override this behavior by giving initial commands to units. Unfortunately, if the enemy you told a unit to attack is killed, the suicidal AI again takes control, and you will likely spend the next move undoing what it just did. In its defense, the AI works sensibly most times and attacks adjacent enemies or those in range, but you will be forever overriding its initial assessment of what to do next.[Addendum: Note that you can have the unit defend rather than let the AI take over if a unit's target is killed, but this is a poor work-around because what you want is the AI to properly respond to the new situation rather than just disable it because otherwise it will do stupid things.]These issues aside, the last failing of the gameplay that I will note is with regards to engaging enemy units in the open game world, simply because you are sometimes not allowed to. That is, you cannot *force* even the weakest enemy into combat for it can choose to 'retreat,' where 'retreat' leaves them exactly where they were and once the initial half hit points is lost, very little damage is done. The net effect is that they can continually 'retreat' again and again and again by parrying your attacks and you will *never* take them down, even with armies over 5:1 in size and strength. This is a maddening, gross gameplay error that is tiresome in the extreme, as you will waste a lot of time trying to remove an enemy that cannot be removed. Why anyone would design combat with a guaranteed evasion move is incomprehensible, but Endless Legend thinks it's just fine.[Addendum: 'Groo the one' has pointed out that army stacks cannot retreat a second time in one turn so if you if you attack a retreating enemy with another army it will be forced into combat. This is a viable work-around to this problem, however, having a second army available of the appropriate strength and in the appropriate spot is more luck than planning, and is not something that you can rely upon. Nor is splitting your army a sensible thing to do in many situations. That means that you will still fall prey to this absurd design decision more often than not.]Despite these problems and deficiencies, though, Endless Legend is a very good game. It will drive you crazy every so often as a string of stupidities will follow one after the other, but, by in large, it is well worth your time.[Note: addendums added 11/18/16 to address two issues.]"
76561198071307351,Recommended,289130,31635078,Posted: 8 May,all,Tbsp,"This game is easily more enjoyable than civilization 5. Many Chinese players are highjacking the reviews bringing it to mixed since Amplitude didn't allow a mod that linked to a pirated copy, which is the most reasonable thing in the world. That shouldn't be allowed. Hopefully this review will try to take a single notch out of those unwarranted negative votes."
76561198070060941,Recommended,289130,24654420,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,La Tristesse,"Just here to balance out the review score. Endless Legend should by no means rates a 47%. And something like ""Don't recommend because no Chinese version."" What is this arrogant farce?The overall aesthetics of EL is definitely amazing to say the least. The futuristic fantasy style design fits so well with the setting. The graphics have a very shrewd and modern fashion, if you are not a retro sucker then you should be absolutely satisfied with them. Hell, this game looks way better to me than the preview screenshots of Civ 6. The music is among the best game soundtracks I have ever listened to. The composer Fly By No really melded different styles of music into it, every time I open the game, the main menu track ""Song of Auriga"" always gives me goosebumps. Good music adds depth to a game, and for EL this is definitely the case.The gameplay is pretty good imo. The factions are very distinct, each favoring one or two specific victory condition. The exploration and exploitation parts resemble Civ very similiarly. For the expansion EL features an organic city growing system, which is adopted by Civ 6 now. City districts and extractors need to be put on the map directly, they can be destroyed or raided, which adds more to the strategic layer. The extermination, or the combat, of EL is probably my least favorite part. Instead of doing combat on the map like Civ, battles are resolved in a seperate tactical map. The problem is the combat isn't as diversed and interesting like say, AOW 3. So eventually I would just auto-resolve most of the fights.Overall, EL is a solid 8/10 for me. If the devs can deliver the rumored ""last expansion"" about naval thingy plus glitch fixing, I'd gladly raise it to 9."
,Recommended,289130,12146234,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Unendingfear,"Really great 4x game with a wonderful fusion of Science and Fantasy. Lovely graphical design, and nothing feels out of place despite the peculiarities of the setting. I personally am very pleased I picked it up in Early Access, it was a wonderful adventure to see the game mature like it did. Difficulties ramp up very quickly, even on just normal setting (newbie +3) it's very easy to fall behind and not be able to catch back up if something goes wrong."
,Recommended,289130,32093507,Posted: 31 May,all,[SUN] Dust038,"General Notes: My never-ending quest for the Perfect Turn Based Strategy Game found its way to the Endless Legend Pre-Release. Having come off of 2 years of Endless Space I was all for that traditional old timey feel of having my boots on the ground again. Having just gotten the last achievement I feel like I need to say something about the Legendary Deed quests. Holy Crap.The Story: The Story is surprisingly deep for a Turn Based Strategy. Sure every game has some measure of Lore, but Endless Legend tells a story about each Race with Unique overarching story quests and deeds that really get you to care about each race. They also help define the playstyle and unique characteristics of each race and embodies them like fine wine.  It reminds me of Warcraft, but on a grand scale.Game Mechanic Highlights:Dynamic 2-Phase Weather System: The Game exists in Winter and Not-Winter. Winter requires cities to tap into their stored food instead of the Production of Non-Winter.Non-Linear Research: There is no Direct Path in how your Research develops, only a set marker of X many research projects completed to reach the next tier which promotes varying playstyles without sacrificing Research Level.Unit Customization: Any fan of the Warhammer games will be ardently familiar with how Endless Legend presents itself, but so will Veterans of Endless Space. Units are customizable down to their Armor, Weapons, and Trinkets. Leader Units also have customizable Traits that help them in their Role.World Map Based Combat: Combat takes place on the Actual Map that you navigate on, so planning your Position at the start of a battle can be the difference between success and failure.No Pay to Win Store: No Pay to Wind Store. I must state this because there is that Pay to Win Turn Based Strategy game out there presently on the Steam Store with animals and stuff. Anyways…This is not Civilization: Let’s get this out in the open, this is by no means a Civ game, though it shares many similarities I think by now we can expect the core concepts to be similar to Civ like every MMO is to World of Warcraft. Everyone’s a critic.Final Thoughts: The Game by itself is a great game with a nice sound track. It does share a lot of similarities with other Amplitude Games like Endless Space so Veterans of their work may feel like its too close to the same formula but that does not detract from the Story.As Always, Watch Gameplay Footage Before Buying!"
,Recommended,289130,21371684,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Daniel,It's like Civ 5's older sister who went to college but was a low-key DnD fan.
,Recommended,289130,12196997,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Nigrea,"Really great 4X stratagy game.A lot of the mechanics are very similiar to their earlier title, Endless Space.The game has a lot of depth to it, and a large amount of very different races, which all have their own, unique mechanics.While most of the playable races are based and inspired by your stereotypical fantasy races (Elves, Humans, Dragons etc.), the lore and art design behind them always seems to have a creative and diverse flavore to them.As mentioned, the mechanics and depth of stratagy are both very solid and the game ends up being incredibly addictive.It really has that classic ""just one more turn"" feel, highly recommendet if you have many hours to waste!"
76561197979948240,Recommended,289130,13026118,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Sunn brO))),"One of the most original and innovative 4x games to come out in years. Eight wildly varied factions (each with their own unique, expansive plotlines), a host of really interesting, unique mechanics (only one city per district, no tech tree). Most of the mechanics are very intuitive, but offer some pretty significant depth.This came out at the same time as Beyond Earth, but it's been much better received, and the reason for that is simple- it has personality. Playing with each of the factions is like starting a different singleplayer game, and the faction creator is very flexible. Like its predecessor, Endless Space, the game also has fantastic, understated art and music.The only problems are that some of the more advanced faction-specific mechanics are poorly explained, and that the AI can sometimes be poor at defending their cities. Amplitude have patched this, but some more work remains to be done.Overall, the most fun I've had with a 4x since Alpha Centauri."
,Recommended,289130,12271761,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Veteran of Forum Wars,"This game is very much Civ-inspired. Civ V: BnW+GnK, not Vanilla. It's hard not to compare the two because they share so much in common. But that's not a bad thing. It takes what works, and it adds some very nuanced depth to the mechanics.Faction selection is at the moment 8 choices. They cover most gamestyles you'd expect to find, for the most part they are fairly balanced between each other, with only one faction seen far and away as being UP, and none in particular as being OP. If you don't like any of the factions you're free to take one of the factions as a template, and make a custom faction, with different bonuses costing a set amount of creation points. You can also take some disadvantages to allow you more points to spend on bonuses.You start the game with a meager military, a hero, and a settler. You can't settle wherever you want, as there are a finite number of regions, and there  can only settle one city per region. Each region has its own host of strategic and luxury resources, who's exploitation is handled with city improvements. This is in addition to minor faction villages, which when pacified and settled, provide you different bonuses depending on which faction it is, and how many of their villages you own.Heroes are units that can either lead a military stack, or lead a city, providing bonuses to one or the other. For the most part they are slightly stronger than regular unit, but as they level up and acquire skills through a skill tree, they can become quite powerful, but also much more expensive. After researching a certain technology you're free to pick up as money heroes from the mercenary market as your wallet will afford you. You're also free to pick up other faction's heroes at the same time, if you so choose.Your city planning is handled with city improvements, most of which cost dust (money) to maintain. There are no ""workers"" in this game so most of your tile improvement is handled with city improvements. You can expand your city with borough expansions, which extends the urban sprawl of your city while adding the surrounding tiles as usable. However this comes at the price of happiness (which can be mitigated as your urban tiles level up by building surrounding urban areas, wiping out the happiness deficit of that particular tile).Citizen management is a large overhaul from Civ as well, it isn't something that is mostly used to fuel great people or beakers. Citizens can provide any of the basics of a city (food, money, production, research, culture, etc) at any time. Late game especially improvements can allow workers to provide more income than most tiles. Micromanagement of them allows for high level efficiency, but can get tedious towards the end of a game when your empire has a lot of workers, and a lot of cities.Periodically during gameplay, you'll break from normal weather to undergo winter. Winter for the most part, halves movement, decreases combat effectiveness and vision ranges, and plummits your city growth, production, and income for the (several turns) duration of winter. Most heroes, once leveled high enough, can learn a skill to mitigate or eliminate the effects of winter, on stacks of units, or cities. This becomes essential later in the game when the map becomes permament winter.Military is handled rather well, but could be expanded upon somewhat with more diversity in selection. Each faction gets 3 military units ranging from cavalry, infantry, archers, flying, and support. Each faction maintains a flavor for their selection of units, and these can later be upgraded and diversified with an rpg-style equipment system, most units carry a selection of at least 2 weapons selections which can change their role significantly, as well as a host of armors and accessories. However none of these change the appearance (save the weapons) of the unit. These 3 units are augmented with whatever units your minor factions can be recruited from. These too can be upgraded.Combat is handled much differently from Civ. It is not handled with dice rolls (although you are allowed that option). Every engagement is zoomed in on the map and played out in a Fantasy Tactics-type of minigame. You (or you can let the computer manage for you) fight the enemy's stack on the map as is, terrain and all. If the enemy AI was more detailed it would be more enjoyable, but they for the most part tend to attack the first thing they run into. Which (in my experience) means most of my stacks are developed as hordes of archers with 1 or 2 high defense tanks to block the enemy.As far as diplomacy goes, it's very rudimentary, you start off in cold war, for most factions, which means you're allowed to do anything to them short of outright taking their cities. You can negotiate peace, alliance, and trade settlements, or attack them. They will do the same.Questing is a big mechanic within the game. Each faction has its own quest lines, which pile your usual quest fair of kill this, and search this location, with more factional specific missions that try to guide you towards playing on the  strengths of your race. Expect conversion and building from the Cultists, trade and money from the trader oriented Roving Clans, etc. These are nice little distractions which keep interest in the game when you aren't actively at war or preparing for war.AI in general, is very unchallenging it seems, but so was Civ's. If you are fairly experienced with turn-based 4x games, you will most likely find Normal difficulty useful only to be introduced to mechanics or factions. The difficulty factor primarily seems to be from increases on the AI's starting roster, and their increases to research speed, production, and income. They don't seem to handle oceans or seas rather well either, in aggression or in peaceful expansion. So expect to perform better, with more water seperating you from the AI.Graphics, are stupendous. For a 4x game. The artstyle surrounding the game is also quite good, and maintains a very fantasy/sci-fi vibe. Units have a fair bit of detail to them, along with your cities, and the general tile layouts of the map. It's not hang up on your wall beautiful, but it looks good, doesn't get boring to look at for extended periods of time, and doesn't tax a moderately built computer's resources too much. However it does make initial map seeding take a fair longer than what I'd like, but once the game's loaded it runs without many hiccups.I have no experience with the multiplayer, but I haven't heard anything bad about it. No news is good news right?All things said, if you've enjoyed Civ V, EL brings enough new things around that it'll be interesting enough for several games. If you enjoy 4x games in general, it has some rough trimmings about it, but it is already a fairly solid game, with some fairly interesting mechanics bundled with it to make it one to give a shot."
,Recommended,289130,29383941,Posted: 20 January,all,Heavenhair Sixes,"I thought I'd write a quick review for this as some people might be looking at the deal on the Grand Master collection wondering if the game is worth it.  In short, I paid more than that for the game a year ago and got a lot less stuff and I have no regrets.The game does have some flaws but overall it is a really beautiful and innovative addition to a genre that doesn't often see much innovation.  Not all of the mechanics work brilliantly - but most do and over and over again while playing this title I found myself thinking 'this is something that really should have been in the new Civ games'...Much like Endless Space (which I also enjoyed, although not as much as this) I especially liked the thought that had gone into the different playable factions.  Rather than just having a few bonuses and penalties to separate them they often have quite drastically different mechanics - and in this title also interesting quest lines.  Along with lots of different victory types, events, minor factions, anomalies, etc there is plenty of replayability in this game.My main cautions are that the game has a steep learning curve and can even be confusing at first.  There isn't much of a tutorial although everything turns out to be surprisingly intuitive if you can stick with it.  Games can also be quite time consuming compared to similar titles, which isn't helped by the fact that the game can be slow and laggy on systems towards the minimum requirements.  It's very pretty but it's at a cost - expect larger maps to be borderline unplayable unless you are well into recommended requirements territory..."
,Recommended,289130,25495814,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Centurion,One of the best 4X games I have ever played. Combines all the great features of other strategy games and adds many of it's own unique ones. Actively updating and working on expansions.A+
,Recommended,289130,26090291,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Slagathor,Bought this game to scratch that 4X itch while I wait for Civ 6 to come out. I will not be buying Civ 6 anymore. It can't be as good as this.
,Recommended,289130,25093876,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,{S}ilent {H}orror,"Under the heading above titled: 'User reviews' please ignore 'Recent'.Recent examples: There are Chinese guys who aren't good at English and manifestly angry about it (because this game is obviously localized for a hot market like China) and another guy thought this was a HoMM clone. Still others thought it 'boring', 'sterile' and many found it 'confusing'... So I conclude that those who aren't Chinese and know what kind of game this is ought to be the right person to consider buying this title. Those with short attention spans and questionable intelligence, should in theory not enjoy this game.The rest of you not falling into the abovementioned categories may read the very many positive reviews that dwarf the negative ones entirely and rest securely in the knowledge that you would be buying a well-designed 4X title with plenty of content to justify its cost.Also don't play it in a hospital for the experience might turn out to be 'sterile'."
,Recommended,289130,28353676,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Blind Captain,"I love the combat system. You move armies around the map like normal units, but when a battle starts you move into a sort of battlefied-level strategic interface that lets you arrange the units of the army and move them individually. This allows all sorts of strategy from flanking to stalling to wait for reinforcements to arrive. At the same time, while you can do some work to acquire a few additional base units, most unit upgrades in the game come in the form of you re-outfitting a base unit with new technologies and resources. That means that you essentially customize the design of each unit type in the game over time which is also a huge strategic factor. Overall, it makes the Civilization series combat/military seem like child's play.However, at the same time, I found the complexity sometimes getting in the way. The game uses a lot of invented words/culture which makes for an initial learning curve to know what is what (e.g. money is ""dust"" and all of the strategic resources are things I've never heard of). In a game that has a lot of concepts, I didn't seem to be able to find any in-game help that explains how everything works. I did play the tutorial and the tooltips are pretty well populated, but, for example, I had to go online twice to learn how unit healing works. The first time, nothing seemed to happen so I went online and found a lot of vague responses that said essentially that you heal automatically over time based on various metrics. Cool. Then I played another game and found that my units weren't healing and apparently the civiliztion perk ""can buy citizens with dust"" (which is money remember) implied that units of that civilization can only heal by using dust. But don't do that for all army units because your army will likely be mixed with minor faction units that heal on their own like usual. ... See how this starts to get pretty complicated? Better in game help would go a long way toward understanding these things in the first place, but in some cases it just seems needlessly complex even after you get to know it.The interface is mixed. I love the consistency of the pop-ups/windows (you can minimize or dismiss anything and right clicking on the background always takes you back). Allocating workers in a city has clever little interface as do some other areas. But then there are some annoying issues. The interface overall feels too ""busy"". I find a lot of times I'll overlook a unit on the map because of how busy/detailed the graphics are. There is no way to rotate your view which means sometimes you're looking at inconvenient angles. The actual battle controls seem to require a lot of extra clicking when I'm trying to micromanage. So, the interface is definitely good and bad, frustrating at times.Despite all its complexity, there are a few areas the game takes a simpler approach than many others. The world make is kind of like the game Risk in that its divided into predefined region settling/taking a city anywhere in that region gives you total control of that region. This eliminates a lot of the sense of the strategy of defining and growing your border or varying city density. Another area where it seems sadly simple is the navy. As far as I can tell there is no naval combat (nor air combat) which is a bit disappointing given how rich so much of the rest of the game is.Overall, I recommend this game and I'll be putting in more time to learn it and enjoy it. It's certainly not perfect, but overall it does some interesting things and is fun and strategic."
76561198064654264,Recommended,289130,12211514,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,TheSovietGator,"A must buy, its basically Civ 5 except fantasy and just a little more complex. Its so cool to see the tiny details in the game, like the little bugs swarming around an evil bee hive faction. And the little dwarf people using the titanium axes that you made them. An amazing and truly unique game, 5 out of 5."
76561198024124631,Recommended,289130,25418205,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,gregkarlson,"Came to store page to buy DLC after a multi-month break and saw Recent Reviews 'Mixed'!! Honestly, that is unconscionable. This game is amazing.  I have spent 150 (oh god) hours playing this in single and multi player.It does appear inpenetrable and shallow at first, but the depth on this game in incredible.  It is somewhat like Civilization, but with wildly different goals, land preferences, empire expansion styles, and units per civilization (not including the civs you can custom build).  This is easily the best 4x game since Civ IV and I don't think it is going to get unseated any time soon.On harder levels of difficulty you must actually understand the game and units really well, and actually manually perform battles.  You cannot steamroll the game with a complete lack of knowledge - this is a good thing.2 things to all those that say it is too hard: 1) do not scout like mad in the first 10 turns, like in Civ - this causes everything to aggro on you and wipe you out. 2) the LEVELS of your units matter much more than anything else, until late late game - keeping units from dying is imperative."
,Recommended,289130,25685551,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Luisfius,"The pretiest goddamn 4x out there for sure.The music alone is worth the price of admission. The game is fantastic, and incredible."
,Recommended,289130,29295465,Posted: 16 January,all,Saibot,"I've played about 7.9 hours of the game and all I can say is: Wonderful! It's innovative, fresh, deep an much more. It's like CIV with more RPG Elements and Fantasy.I love it!The only Con is that i really have to find some time to play this Game. Hex Grid / 4X Games Take some Time to finish, even just one Game! :D"
76561198046762957,Recommended,289130,12137871,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,UberChio,"Has elves with braintails, guilt-ridden chivalrous knights who devour souls, merchants riding giant beetles that can move entire cities, self-consuming insect plague, sadistic pain-loving mages, wingless dragons and fanatics of the apocalypse. Oh, don't forget the cavemans with automated crossbows, titanium armor and accompanied by a fully functioning large mechanical titan.Plus dogs with crossbows.11/10 would fight for survival."
76561198031706732,Recommended,289130,12628152,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,FerrusPugnum,"Endless Legends is a beautifully crafted game that rates at the top of the 4x genre.  The game pace is somewhat slower but the quality of the game and the story lines built in to the game make it worth playing over and over,For gameplay and asthetics I prefer Endless Legends over the new Civ BE which I also have.  Both are great games but BE is really another Civ with some nice new features and additions where Endless Legends is a new game with a complimentary story line that takes place in the pre Endless Legends universe.If you buy it you will not be sorry. As a new game there are still some tech glitches and AI issues to be worked on but I have played for well over a month with no errors or crashes so it is well on the way to be another classic."
,Recommended,289130,12183264,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,rpaxa.,"Came into this game expecting something akin to Civ 5, and was pleaseantly suprised to find that I enjoy it much more.The AI is a bit more challenging for early and mid-game, the factions all seem to have their unique niche/gameplay mechanics, the map has a cool elevation system and active weather, and the RPG-like elements have a cool feel to them as you customize your units and work through the faction stories.I find myself losing track of time as I play. Nice job Amplitude!"
,Recommended,289130,25189563,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,dragontyron,"Why on earth are the recent reviews mixed? On any other game, that would set off red flags for me as a potential buyer, and that's terrible.Endless Legend is a beautiful 4x strategy game, making terrific use of procedural generation for its terrain and ensuring a fairly unique experience for each game. The writing and ""story"" of the game are fantastic and I find myself drawn far into the Endless lore. It also gives plenty of customization and modding support, which is practically a must-have for indies nowadays. Even in the vanilla game, you can tweak values in the map generator and turn off/on victory conditions if you aren't fond of some. You can also create your own faction, with its own traits, in case you aren't fond of the original ones.Amplitude seems to care a lot for updating the game's content. I hear there's an expansion coming out soon that will - finally - add naval warfare to the game, which is one of the few things Endless Legend lacks.Honestly, if you're into 4x strategies and like detailed, pretty world-building, this game is a must-have."
76561197985431334,Recommended,289130,23024675,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Meat Popsicle,"TL;DR-  9/10, worth buying at full price if you like deep strategy games. Would be a strong 10/10 if endgame were successfully rebalanced.Endless Legend is a deep, complex 4x game with a great selection of unique factions and a ton of strategy. Of the many 4x games I've played, this is the only one that holds up to the Civ series, and actually exceeds it in many respects. Overall, I highly recommend it to anyone who loves strategy. It is fun and extremely addicting.The game has a long learning curve - hundreds of hours in, I'm still improving. I absolutely love this about the game, though some may find it overwhelming. Every turn presents choices, and every choice feels important. Mistakes are punished harshly, and can make or break your early game. To play well, you must pay close attention to every detail. You must be aggressive but careful at the same time, and most of all, you must be thorough.Manual combat is very difficult, and can be frustrating. Checking each unit's initiative and minding the terrain are essential. Even then, things will not go as planned. That being said, I don't see this as a weakness - just a challenge. Keep in mind, most 4x games do not feature anything close to this. And if you don't like it, you can just use auto-combat (which works quite well).THE PROBLEMOnce you learn the ins and outs, you realize that Endless Legend has one major weakness: Endgame. The problem is with pacing, scaling, AI, and the lack of an effective ""limiter"".The pace of the game accelarates as certain empires start to dominate the map, and the numbers get out of control. The victory conditions are reached too quickly, and feel anticlimactic. By the time you reach the final tier of technologies and get the best gear, the game is pretty much over and you don't get to use any of it. This is extremely disappointing after a very long game of building up to that point.Additionally, the AI does not function well in endgame. They don't upgrade their equipment all the way, and you can crush them easily in every fight. Even on higher difficulty settings, they just pump out lots of weak armies.Basically, endgame needs a serious rebalancing, and it needs something that slows the game down (especially victory conditions) and limits the exponential growth of empires. Approval rating (the equivalent to happiness in Civ) should be the limiting factor, but it is too easily overcome.If the devs pulled off a serious endgame overhaul, I can say confidently that Endless Legend would be the greatest 4x game ever made. As it stands today, it's still a great game, but the disappointing endgame is a real buzz-kill."
76561197971760405,Recommended,289130,32664604,Posted: 22 June,all,Auracle,"Fantastic 4x overall, one of the more immersive and engaging strategy games I've played.Wonderful music, beautiful aesthetics, amazing different factions that are somehow well balanced. Well worth every penny."
76561198025531415,Recommended,289130,29026956,Posted: 4 January,all,wrongstuff,"For ♥♥♥♥'s sake man,I sat down with a friend to try to convince him to buy the game (I had only 2 hours of gameplay at the time, basically just done the tutorial and started a game which I messed up on, whatever, learning is hard). So I'm showing him the basics, and 7 hours later we realize it's 1:30am and we're adults - we have to work in the morning.  We're on turn 67, and we're expanding our empire, like the Romans that we are.So, my review of the game is thus:10/10 for losing your girlfriend. Who has time to manage that when you've gotta queue up industry.0/10 for getting enough sleep.  I can already tell this is going to ruin me. RIP my career.  Thank god I work from home and don't need to wear pants to work."
,Recommended,289130,12690416,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Onix095,"If you like Civilization-style TBS*, but want more depth and strategy, as well as much more unique races and the option to create your own race, this is the game for you.I have played Civ:BE, and I honesty regret pre-ordering that game before playing Endless Legend, Civ:BE is nothing compared to this game.*TBS not RTS, thank you Sahuagin."
76561198042491254,Recommended,289130,26333771,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sick Parrot,"Wow, that is all I can say after playing Endless.  I didn't think I could get sucked into a game where I would say ""just one more turn"" and that one more turn would turn into 100 turns.Due to the various factions I think I could play this game over and over again without feeling it is repetitive.CIV was great when it first came out but Endless took it to a whole new level."
,Recommended,289130,13607285,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ELES,"Endless Legend is similar to classic 4X games like Civ but adds many new mechanics and elements that make the game refreshing and unique.Each run feels different and fresh thanks to the 8 playable factions - all with their own unique specialties, traits, units, heroes, and mechanics; there's also over 15 minor factions that you could assimilate to bolster your faction's strength or cover a weakness. If that is not enough variety for you, then you could also make your own custom factions!You can also customize your heroes and units with weapons and equipment you unlock via research or from quests. For instance, the Vaulter's archer unit - the Marine - can be equipped with long bows that are strong against flying units or a 1handed crossbow and shield for more defense and extra firepower in short-ranged combat. Armor and accessories can be mixed and matched to customize your heroes and units even further.The game also features politics and trading like your standard 4X fare but adds a new twist due to the introduction of influence as a resource needed to engage in such. Influence is not only used to for politics and trades, but also for assimilating minor factions and passing empire plans that give buffs to your empire.The game might seem daunting and intimidating at first due to the many complex mechanics and vast amounts of customization available to new players - but they're actually easy to learn and engage with thanks to the smooth and intuitive interface as well as the empire screen and army screen which shows a summary of everything in your empire like your cities, resource production, construction queue, heroes and armies, etc etc. All it takes is just 2 clicks to find anything you might have lost track of in the map.Atmosphere-wise, the game us top-notch - with gorgeous visuals and art style, backed by an amazing soundtrack, and fascinating fantasy/sci-fi story and lore.My only complaints is that the AI can be quite dumb; and slow-down may happen when a game gets ridiculously long like turn 300+.Overall: Highly recommended for newcomers and hardcore fans of the 4X genre."
,Not Recommended,289130,14152128,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,dsanscartier,"For the first 20 hours of gameplay, I thought I had found a new 4X game to add to my favorites along with Civ and AoW. Unfortunately that feeling did not last. Amplitude did a lot of things right but in the end failed to make the game engaging enough for ""endless"" replays.  Gameplay features that made me come to this conclusion around the 40-hour mark are as follows:1.	Winter is a game breaking borefest. If it appeared randomly after 30 to 50 turns and lasted between 5 to 10 turns, it would be an interesting feature… but the way it is implement (where winter occurs more and more often, lasts longer and longer and leads to endless winter by turn 200), it is simply a chore and the opposite of fun. The AI does nothing during winter, productivity comes to a screeching stop, and movement and offensive military action are severely hampered. This equates to a clickfest on the “next turn” button. Few skills and techs help with winter’s onslaught, and even if Amplitude added some, it would affect replay. Good 4X games let you implement your winning strategies, they don’t dictate which techs should be researched in order to compensate for devastating scripted events. This reminds me of Medieval Total War, where after building up your empire, you knew that everything would be laid to waste by the scripted Black Plague and the back-to-back Mongol and Timurid invasions.2.	City invasions are too easy. Considering that empire building is really engaging in Endless Legend, you end up holding off your armies and then unleashing them in the game’s last ""decent length"" summer, before the endless winter comes, or otherwise you lose on points. Again, Amplitude is dictating gameplay with their lore. I don’t care for lore in a 4X game, it affects replay.3.	The Quests are ill-conceived and do not provide enough reward. Almost all of them will ask for some resource only available in the next era, to visit a location in a region controlled by another faction that would require you to declare war just to get to it, or to develop one of your city with Level 2 districts and city centers that would take at least 50 to 100 turns to complete. Same thing applies for assimilating Minor Factions: their requests can either not be fulfilled anytime soon, force your hand into war (which you don’t want to do considering the poor return you get from assimilating Minor Factions) or make you turn to the marketplace to purchase the requested items only to realize that it would be twice as cheap to just bribe them into submission.Putting aside those issues, I love everything else about this game. AI, combat and diplomacy all need to be improved, but it is not game breaking for me. If they can make winter optional or configurable, perfect city invasions so it is better balanced and change the questing and Minor Factions assimilation features to make them more enjoyable and worthwhile, they will greatly improve the replayability factor. As it is now, I was fun playing through a game, but I doubt I will revisit Endless Legend often."
76561198030781408,Recommended,289130,29916604,Posted: 14 February,all,TheDROCK,Left this for Civ VI. Quickly came back.
76561198005464961,Recommended,289130,18039070,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,oGsShadow,"This game has been out a while and this review may never reach anyone but whatever.I really liked Civ. The 4x genre appealed to me and Civ was a damn good game to get into at the time. That said, I'm not a big solo game type of player. I don't really enjoy playing vs AI. I've got a solid group of friends and multiplayer is where we set our hearts on. Time and time again Civ would crash, freeze up and just corrupt. Hours and hours of multiplayer games wasted and ended before the fun could really start.Endless Legend WORKS. It just ♥♥♥♥ing works. I want to really push that point home. If you were disappointed with Civ's♥♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer, Endless Legend could be a real option. Any time steam would go down or there was a DC, we instantly could go back to lobby, load up that turn or 1-2 turns prior and continue. Every. Single. Time.If you have a group of friends that are looking for a 4x game, I highly recommend this game. We played easily 60-80 hours before we noticed any imbalances in the game. We are able to turn on and off different content in the main menu. A REALLY nice feature. We've opted to disable the Guardians content because it's heavily RNG based. For example, I as the Broken Lords was easily able to accumulate 4,000 dust. I was rewarded with 200 of a very powerful strategic resource which allowed me to in a matter of 10 turns, dwarf my friends and crush them 1v2. Guardians has fun additions for single player but for multiplayer, we've had a much better + more balanced time since we turned Guardians off.150 hours in and I just want MORE. I think a large part of it is that while the game is fun, I've many friends to play with consistently. If I only had the ingame AI, I'd probably have only played 50 hours or so. Going beyond Serious difficulty, the AI doesn't get smarter, they just get more free stuff which is pretty lame. Playing with friends, the politics, the diplomacy and back stabs are ♥♥♥♥ing epic!I'm glad I got this game. If you have friends that want to try a 4x, I heavily recommend this one. If you get into it, try disabling Guardians and see if that resolves any frustrations with the RNG aspect of Legendary Deeds. If you just want to play vs the AI, you'll probably get bored after 30 hours or so - still really good value if its on sale."
76561198112039964,Recommended,289130,12675512,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Electric Kool-Aid,"It is actually difficult to find something wrong with this game. The visuals are stunning, the soundtrack fits the world and events perfectly, the combat is fun and well put together and the lore is phenomenal. Not to mention the multiplayer, which is equal parts intense and satisfying.  This game tried some new ideas, and somehow nailed every one of them. By the way, THIS IS AN INDIE GAME. The fact that an indie game can go up against a major game series like Civ and still succeed is a testament to the stellar game design and tireless effort that obviously went into the making Endless Legend.Summary: This is an instant classic. BUY IT"
,Not Recommended,289130,13411817,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Caotico09,"Review Updated 6-15-2015Reason: To address comments, and remove negative feedback that has been addressed since the original post.I have mixed feelings on this game.From a more short term point of view, the game is awesome. What i mean by this is someone who wants to get the game, and play a couple matches, there is enough new and exciting content to make it worth it.But if you are looking for that game to match or rival Sid Meiers Alpha Centauri (that you still play after years), then this isnt it.In my opinion this game could be awesome. But the amount of bugs, glitches, broken and missing systems outweigh the positives, and that is why im giving it a negative review. Its like a computers game version of a 'tease'. ""Here is all this awesome stuff...that i will fail to deliver."" The AI makes single-player play only a short term option.Breakdown:Positives:+ Each Faction has unique technologies and unique playstyle+ Each Faction has unique units (changing factions forces you to change combat style)+ Each Faction actually feels distinct and plays differently+ Beautiful world design with unique concepts+ Detailed Civilization Statistics easily accessed during the game.+ Customizable Races and Units+ Customizable MapsNeutral:+- Unique map system that is cool but doesnt allow you to see the whole world at any one time+- Quest system, while a positive at first glance, is poorly done and alot of quests 'break' easily, quest count is low which leads to lots of repitition+- Unique 'Winter' system, while a positive at first glance, effects everyone the same and only slows the game down+- No naval system for people that like water maps. I just turn water levels way down.Negatives:- No Key Rebinding and limited shortcuts- Lack of documentation. Tutorial/Wiki only give the broad information on how to play the game. Indepth game mechanics are not explained. There is no internal game library (like Civ) to explain these details either.- Bugs are addressed each patch. However there are still a few annoying ones that havnt been addressed since January.- The diplomacy system is better. Flavor text makes sense most of the time. Trade values are still iffy which leads to easy exploitation.- While each faction has a backstory, it is harder to work through some factions then others. Others can ruin your play if you try to follow them (as Drakken, try to take that one city all the way across the map, of the Ally you have been friends with since the start of the game)- The battle system IS unique. But in a negative way. Lack of unit control and poor programing lead to frustration. You give commands at the start of each battle round. Issues occur when your units cant follow your orders (which is often). The AI takes control of your units and sends them places which dont make tactical sense. (HINT: Make all of your units ""Stand Ground"" to avoid the crappy AI moves)- A full unit stack (6-9 units) can kill (literally hundreds) of weaker units and take tons of cities without taking major damage. There is no 'fighting your way back' in this game.- Taking cities is waaaayy to easy. You can easily take a close neighbors city within the first 20 turns.Major Negatives: ***AI is still pretty terrible.- It cant fight in battles. Once you get the hang of the battle system its easy to trick.- Makes no diplomatic sense. Never fights empires that are threats. Easily bribed.- It cant build 'strong' armies. It doesnt upgrade units early/often enough.- AI technology selection doesnt make sense (Dust based civilization skips 3 dust boosting techs). They also routinely skip ""unskippable"" techs.- Kinda stops playing if they lose majority of empire. Never see more armies from them or any switch from horizontal to vertical gameplay.- Doesnt play to victory type. Playing conquest victory? Every AI empire is fine playing an economy based game as one empire slowly takes out empires one by one.Final Statement:The game is in much better shape then when i started playing in November. I last played during th beta release of the expansion pack. AI still needs work."
76561198068040108,Recommended,289130,30774370,Posted: 27 March,all,OwlsNSpace,"Beautiful game. I came in as a Civilization 6 refugee and haven't stopped 145 hours of playing time ago. I really can't think of a weakness that comes to mind.  The AI makes seemingly rational decisions during diplomatic interactions and can fight a war.  The UI and graphics can seem a bit cluttered when you first start playing the game.  But, after some experience (and customization of the notification pop-ups), it's becomes much more manageable.  The graphics are fantastic.   The factions are all unique and interesting.  This game has a lot of replayablility (it's a word, damn it) value.Bottom line: this game is really enjoyable. Get it!"
76561198068368166,Recommended,289130,14933794,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,zacharyd97,"Im so sorry Civ 5, Endless Legend is just better. Thats not easy for me to say, as i love Civ 5 more than any other game ive ever played. For years ive come back for one more turn, endlessly, never tiring of the game. Untill i bought Endless Legend after seeing it win 2014 game of the year on Rock Paper Shotgun. I bought it, and stumbled through the first few turns of a Drakken playthrough, and realized in those few turns that i was suddenly tired of Civ 5. I have said, ""man i wish that feature was in here"" or ""they should but this and that in Civ BE (which they didnt) or ""this needs to change in Civ 6"" a million times. And all those changes i ever wanted were already there in endless legend. Entire armies of only unique units. Truly fully cusumizable units. Cities can expand in physical size on the map and encompass more tiles, till the planet looks like Coruscant. Truly unique factions, not just a weak bonus and one unique unit, i mean the factions are unreacognizable from each other. I mean one faction can even MOVE its cities somewhere else. Or this other one can literaly trick other players into siging and agreement that they dont want. another action quite literary feeds on the flesh of the other factions for growth. They are all truly disticnt, unlike civ 5 and BE's stale factions and units. If you were whatching a game were you couldnt see the name of a factions cities and could not see there factions color on civ 5, you probly couldnt tell two factions arpart, untill one of them builds there only unique unit. That will never be a problem in EL. Not only is every unit unique, but the city art is so lovingly crafted, a glance at a city and you know what faction owns it. Each faction has radically diferent architechture from the others. But enough on the aesthetic part of the game. The gameplay is something to behold. Because gameplay is different for all factions, ill just cover the basics. There are regions. Only one city cam be built in a region, and that city is named after the region its constructed in. Once a cities constructed, a farm or any other tile improvement (called exploitations) are automatically built on the tiles surrounding a city. As your population grows, you gain workers. Workers dont roam the map, but instead are assigned in cities to work a specific type of tile, not an individual tile. Cities expand to new tiles by building districts, which expands  the size of the city by adding a new bock. Coin is replaced by dust, which is money, and has magical purposes as well. Luxary resoursces are used to create empire boost, which cost a amount of resource, so having large quanities of the smae luxary is very beneficial. Ifluence is used to make deals, and assimilate villages, which are a mix of barbarians and city states. There are so many diferent systems in this game i cant possilby cover them all. Just buy the game and play it."
76561198016667368,Recommended,289130,31921995,Posted: 23 May,all,sudocrem,"Full disclosure, I love Endless Legend.I love how it takes the Civilzation formula and puts its own unique spin on it. I love how the asymmetric factions drastically increase replayability and interest in the backstory. But most of all I love the feel. Plenty of others have talked about the gameplay aspects, so lets dig into what makes Endless Legendfeelso good.Endless Legend has a pervasive sense of melancholy that permeates all aspects of the experience. The opening cinematic is narrated by the game's setting Auriga and tells of her impending demise. During these last rites she talks of her concern for what will become of her children, the races of Auriga. After this the main menu loads and we get our first taste of the glorious soundtrack by FlybyNo. This soundtrack plays a key role in defining the feel of the game, since the hours spent playing are accompanied by a mournful and sorrowful accompaniment, all of which reinforces the mood set in the cinematic.Once the game actually starts, the music becomes more upbeat and optimistic, and the player goes about doing standard 4X things and all is well. But after a few turns, winter descends. City's production takes a hit and movement on all of your units is reduced; you can almostfeelthem wading through snow drifts. The first time this happens is quite a surprise, but it soon passes and things returns to normal with bright sunshine and sanguine music. But then it happens again, and then again, and each time is longer than the last and we start to realise that Auriga was right. She is dying.Even progress through the tech tree reinforces this vision of the oncoming demise. Unlocking sufficient technologies advances the world eras in standard 4X fashion, but in Endless Legend they are accompanied with increasingly apocalyptic images, culminating in Era VI, the End of Ages.In terms of referencing games with a comparablefeel, the only ones I can think of are Journey, ICO and Shadow of the Colussus. These are quite rightly considered classics, and I think that Endless Legend can stand alongside these revered titles.In summary, come for the excellent gameplay and replayability, stay for the character, unity of design andfeel."
76561198339992658,Recommended,289130,34306766,Posted: 17 August,all,jackrwilson77421,"I feel obliged to review this game, hopefully someone will see this review and be inspired to buy the game.I avoided purchasing this game for a while because I was waiting for Civ 6.  While I love Civ 6, I paid £50 for it and only £5 for Endless Legend. The worst thing is I think E.L might be better...The combat gets a little bit boring after a couple of hundred hours but that is to be expected. Each race offers significantly different play styles and each has a fascinating story driving your experience. It's a truly refreshing take on a frankly decaying genre. I will be purhcasing every Endless product I can as soon as the Halloween sale arrives.Oh and don't forget, Winter is coming..."
,Recommended,289130,12846243,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sardonic,"Looking for the story elements that Firaxis forgot in Beyond Earth?  They're right here.  The varied factions lead to tons of replyability.  Each faction plays differently.  There are some balance issues, but this is well forth playing .  Firaxis need to step their game, Amplitude dunked them here."
,Recommended,289130,25273683,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,headache,"tl;dr: Chinese reviewbombing still can't shake the ""Very Positive"" ratingThe current ""Mixed"" reviews is because a Chinese language Workshop mod had a link to pirate an older version of this game in its description. The modder was given two contacts from Amplitude, an audience on the forums, and ample time to address the issue, but he outright refused to cooperate.So instead of possibly having his work officially integrated into the game, there is no Chinese language support, period.If none of this matters to you, congratulations! You're a sensible human being who understands localization requires time and money, and that Steam is a legal game distribution site. I binged this game when I got it on sale (ironically, from the Chinese New Year sale) and enjoyed it so much that I got seven extra copies to play with friends.If the art of the game and the concept of a 4X-RPG-TBS intrigues you, pick it up on a sale! You won't regret it."
76561198083552072,Recommended,289130,12142201,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,TheThunderTwonk,"I bought in during early access and clocked quite a few games in both single and multi-player as well as put in a fair bit of time ont he forums.  The progress has been great and the Devs worked with people pretty well on finding and fixing issues -- On top fo that the Cultist faction was completely community built, another neat addition.As far as a 4x game goes this one is right up there with any of the big-names that you may or may not have played in terms of fun and I can't recommend it enough if you are a fan of games like Civ though don't go in expecting a reskin of one of their games -- The Devs put a great spin on some classic systems while still keeping some good core gameplay.Definitely check it out ^_^"
76561198205868948,Recommended,289130,26648966,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MaximeM,"Endless Legend is my first 4X game, my closest experience being Starcraft. I always thought that these games were long, complex and slow. The tutorial teaches you a bit about the mecanics but I felt unprepared to play the game. However, I didn't let that stop me and it shouldn't stop you either. Endless Legend is great, Endless Legend is huge and you should pay for it.I swallowed my pride and started a game on the easiest setting (Newbie). I felt clumsy and stupid at first but it didn't take long before I knew what I was doing and felt powerful. The game makes you feel smart because you learn as you play. You want to win a war? You need to learn how to micromanage your units. The AI is too strong? You need diplomacy. Winter is coming? Well... good luck with that.The factions are distinct, so you will most likely learn about the game every time you try a different one. They also have their own interesting story. Every game is unique and the difficulty scaling is good, so i wasn't afraid to try something new while raising the difficulty.What started as an intimidating game turned out to be a very rewarding experience. Now I can't stop playing.P.S.: You may live powerful moments like that time I had to declare war for no reason on a city I couldn't touch just to boost my trade profit with my neighbour. As a Canadian, that was a little too real."
76561198106013105,Recommended,289130,12532563,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Galactic Origins,"Endless Legend is a unique 4x turn based fantasy game. The map has regions, and to own a region means owning all of the reources in that region. Regions are gained by building or conquering cities. There are nice unit customizations, and it is possible to acquire minor faction units as well.The game has decent graphics. Exploring the map is fun. Ruins give payouts or quests. There are neat quests in the game.The AI is not he toughest. I usually auto fight my battles, but the AI puts up more of a challenge in tactical combat. Range of units is a little low, and manuevering is vital to win.Endless Legend is a fun game to play."
,Recommended,289130,9921418,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Coltaine,"I just started playing, and I love it.It is still lacking some 4x Basics like real diplomacy but it's an early access, so I just wait till it's added.You could compare it to Civ just in a Fantasy setting, and with Hero Units.For any 4x Fan, this is a buy.Update:There is  200 Turns limit for now(I hope it will be removed). This is somewhat annoying.The AI is a little bit too aggressive, 2 Turns after meeting them, the AI declared war and attacked my Cities. This happened in each session I played. So in fact I just need to focus on a strong army in the beginning or I won't even reach the turn limit :(What is pretty awesome that there are neutral factions (minor factions) which consist only of small cities. If you destroy and rebuild their city or complete a quest for them you can assimilate this faction and benefit from some small boost and a new unit which is unique for this faction.I still like the fact that there are random quests where you can find new gear or ressources, this keeps each play fresh."
,Recommended,289130,12158317,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Arctacia,"People sometimes overlook games because they seem to convey an impression of ""Been there, done that."" In other words, concepts, ideas, mechanics, etc that have been used or done before. At first glance, Endless Legend does indeed have those traits. But, when settling in to give the game a chance, there's a feeling of refresh by the way it presents itself.The graphics and style of the game are beautiful and help give a lovely sense of immersion and personality. The music score of the game is especially a treat and only help accentuate on these features. Gameplay is refined yet still deep enough to be somewhere in the intermediate of complexity. No, it's not the most deep of strategy 4X experiences one could have, but that's certainly not a bad thing. Rather, the way it plays out allows one to still use their mind and strategize, but not be overwhelmed to the point where it takes hours and lots of reading to make heads or tails of how the game plays out.The factions in the game all have their own background, theme, traits, and their own thing going for them. And I have to say, some of them are downright intriguing. And in some cases, even unnerving--but in a good way! What's nice about these factions is they all play quite different from one another and even have their own quests to follow. As such, one could play through the game and have a distinctive experience each time. Though, this is all also thanks to the many customization options one can do for the world generation, changing anything from size, terrain types, general land formation, world difficulty, victory conditions, and more. For those bold or wanting to mix things up, you can even make a custom faction based on one of the existing ones as a template.Combat is turn based with light tactical considerations. It's not as deep as some other 4X games, but there are some I have played where it's even more simplistic than how Endless Legend presents it. As mentioned before, Amplitude seems to aim to make games that have a happy medium with their approach to complexity, nothing too complex, but not too simple. They also like to make a nice clean, accessible, and slick interface to help make navigating and display information in a pleasant fashion that helps make a person feel comfortable using it more than intimidated.I do like the direction Amplitude has been going with their games and certainly would love to see future developments from them. Their work is pretty solid from day 1 release. Though, there are bugs to be had and their track record with patches has been quite good with Endless Space. As such, their support is quite good and they're willing to do what they can to make their fans happy, even if given some time.Bottom line, if you like 4X strategy games and enjoy ones of a fantasy nature that doesn't take itself too serious, but not too lackluster, I think you'll be at home with Endless Legend. It's a happy medium that makes it hard not to like for those that aren't looking for something too complex or casual."
,Recommended,289130,12210145,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Pseudo,"It's a 4X fantasy(?) game set on a world called Auriga. You play as one of the major factions on the planet - one of the species who has risen up and is sufficiently advanced enough to be a dominant force. Also scattered throughout the planet are minor factions. These are all kinds of other species who will try to raid your cities but can be stomped or made a part of your empire.A lot of the different factions are based on tried-and-true fantasy creatures. The Wildwalkers are elfish (bearing a resemblance to the walking plant elves of Glorantha), the Broken Lords are a kind of undead/necromancer faction, and there's minor factions like the Delvers and Urces (dwarves and ogres, respectively). However their look and feel is often twisted a bit and really cool. Dwarves wear skull masks and have skulls braided into their beards, for instance. And each faction feels very different.That's one of my big Things for sci-fi or fantasy 4Xes these days. If you're going to have different species of creatures, I want them to feel different, play different, and have different goals. The developer totally nailed it here. While there's some core gameplay that's similar, the different factions spin off in different directions. The Broken Lords are powered by Dust, the game's magical currency and power source, and it is the only thing that lets their populations grow and the only thing that heals their armies. To begin you must be very cautious but once you get your dust engine going you become terrifying. The Necrophages are people-eating insect creatures, and diplomatic options are forbidden to them because everyone else is food. Additionally, defeating enemy armies gives you bonus food. Yum.If you've played the developer's other 4X, Endless Space, you'll recognize dust, and probably a lot of the other game's resources. There's a smart reason for that, and that's because I feel like the setting of this fantasy world is built on Clarke's law - ""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic."" I won't dig into the setting stuff too much, but the game blurs fantasy and sci-fi, and I'm pretty convinced it actually takes place in the same universe as Endless Space.Other neat things:- You can make minor factions a part of your empire, giving you a bonus and a special unit from that faction. The Hurnas aka Orcs in this game give you orc archers and give all your units throughout your empire a bonus to damage, while the Delvers give you an economic bonus and skull-wearing axe warriors called dredges.- Each faction has a storyline quest that either guides you to victory or a serious empire buff that generally seals your victory, and lets you learn more about the faction and their history and future. This is probably one of my favorite bits, and is the reason why I'm playing and replaying and replaying.- A lot of people compliment the UI so it's worth mentioning. Managing your empire is pretty easy and doesn't require a lot of clicks. It's the first game where I've found worker management to NOT be a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ All the information you need is pretty easy to come by too.- There's a season cycle! Summer has an abundance of resources, and units move farther. In winter your resources get significantly reduced and armies move at a crawl. It creates a really interesting cycle where you're growing and building in summer, and conserving and trying to keep things together in the winter.- I feel like both Endless Legend and Endless Space make the choices to build and expand really significant rather than no brainers. A lot of the time playing conservatively is a really good move, and having your cities sitting there, doing nothing, is the best move you can possibly make. Similarly, settling a new territory or conquering a neighbor might have a ripple effect of consequences that messes up your whole empire. I appreciate that, and I think it's pretty rare in 4X games.The game has been fun enough to motivate me to ramp up the difficulty and fiddle with all the different knobs and levers of game creation to try different things. I think I've finally nailed Normal difficulty with my current playthrough as the Necrophages, after my last playthrough as the Vaulters was a failure. However, that game taught me some lessons about worker management. It was also probably due to me selecting a Hard world at game creation which led to fewer resources and more aggressive minor factions. Halfway through the game minotaurs burned down my capital city.It does have some flaws though:- Game crashes. I've had a few of these. Luckily the game autosaves every turn, and you often even have a chance to save after the game crashes and a reload fixes it (rather than just shut down the game stays open and gives you an error message that you can copy and paste and send to the developer).- AI has some problems. There's been a few times where I've fought some melee units, and had them just stand there and do nothing while my ranged units plugged them. At first I thought it was some kind of feature of the faction I was fighting as they were giant rock people, but I had it happen against a few other factions when they were defending with melee only units.- This probably only bothers me but right clicking is how you exit out of screens. However, if I try to exit out of the city screen and there's garrisoned units it makes the garrisoned units go for a walk. It's the only instance of this, and I wish they'd get rid of it since ungarrisoning units usually means going to the city and select New Army. I'm sure this is supposed to be a convenient time saver but it's more of a pain in my♥♥♥♥♥than anything else.Overall, though, I'm hooked. I'm really amped for them to create some new factions, and maybe add some art assets for all the different armor you can customize your units with. I'm not sure if they're going to do the same thing with it they did with Endless Legend, but what they would do was plot out three different features and let the community vote on which one would be in the next patch. What a great idea!"
,Recommended,289130,25490176,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,ArboristPrime,"I'm a HUGE Civ fan and this is strong compition for that.If you've played the crap out of Civ and are looking for something new, this is your go to.Don't expect it to be as addicting as civ, I wish it were, but it isn't.That does't mean you won't find youself blowing through an hour or two without noticing... It just means that once you DO notice you've wasted your whole day, you can get yourself to stop.This game captures me through its AMAZING soundtrack and the art style.Combat, while different and certainly fun in many cases... doesn'talwayswin me over. Sometimes it's too much to go through and when I set it to ""auto"" I feel the enemy has the upper hand and I lose more units that way, thus, I feel like have HAVE to play the battle out.For the record, the games is totally worth the 30 bucks they devs are asking, BUT I also recommend getting JUST the game, you don't need all those expansions until you've played a full game and decide you want more. Me personally, I really enjoy this game and have the emporor edition, no way in hell will I be getting the rest of the expansions untill I see a good sale on them though."
76561198029845108,Not Recommended,289130,23557037,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ESonix,"This is one of those games I desperately want to love, but every time I go back to play another campaign I find that it just really isn't that fun.  Every game seems to turn into a dull march, a chore of grinding spreadsheet management.  Not exactly sure why, but it seems that somehow the game mechanics are tuned such that you are forced into having to play every game as a min-max rush for expansion/war, even though they have a number of other possible victory conditions. (I should note that I have only played single-player vs. AI, so I cannot comment on multiplayer)There are a lot of cool aspects to the game, most notably the visual style and graphics, and they do add a few interesting new mechanics to the 4x genre.  The overall look and feel of the UI is generally pretty nice too, when you compare to older titles such as Civ V.So, anyway, I am giving this a reluctant thumbs down.  If Steam had a thumbs sideways, I would have chosen that instead."
76561198037831742,Recommended,289130,34047951,Posted: 5 August,all,tothewallgone,"Love it. If I only knew what I was doing, it would be even better."
76561198017681447,Recommended,289130,23693917,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"This is one of those games where you expect one thing and get something completely different, and this is really something good different. Yes it does have some similarities with most games of its style, gather resources, build upgrades, research tech, fight wars etc. I’ll run through the positives then negatives…The Good; Fairly good AI, with a working diplomacy, this game is not tweaked by cheating but by actually trying to beat you by playing the game with the same rules as you. Excellent factions, each with a unique feel and style, making it worth playing a few times with each new faction/race. Some brilliant mini game mechanics such as winter effects and side quests. Nice battle strategy mechanics with some pleasant character animations, tons of units, and lots of different strategies to try. Army and character customization is excellent and based on resource acquisition.The Bad; The games can be long not a big completely negative considering the style of game but can mean you take a huge break and when you do finish you are left with lasting end story or cut scene but a simple score scene. This is sad considering how detailed each faction and race is with such a detailed backstory.Overall excellent game with very little wrong, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,289130,31544030,Posted: 4 May,all,Saxojam,"TL;DR - Yes, I definitely recommend Endless Legend to any fan of turn based strategy games such as the Civilization series. Be wary, however, as this game is far more complex, and often considered more ""hardcore"" than the Civilization games.PROS:+ Great graphics and brilliant design work+ Always some task to keep you busy+ Great, in-depth combat system+ Challenges players within core mechanics+ Incredible micro-customization for heroes+ Extremely unique+ Great map viewCONS:- AI is not very smart- Not very beginner friendly- Combat takes a whileEXPLANATION:To be clear, I am definitely a fan of the Sid Meier's Civilization series. Initially, my love for those games was what drove me to purchase Endless Legend while it was on sale. Endless Legend has a far smaller community than Civilization, but is, by all means, an incredible game. The in-depth detail by the developers to ensure that everything was as unique as possible was not futile, and they did an incredible job at ensuring that Endless Legend was not really like any other game of its sort. If you are willing to learn the complicated game mechanics and functions, then you will definitely enjoy Endless Legend.RATING CHART:Gameplay:9/10Soundtracks:7/10Functionality:10/10Playability:9/10"
76561198031344794,Recommended,289130,12311857,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Icemania,"If you enjoy a well crafted 4X game and don't mind what is currently a generally weak and inconsistent AI (particularly militarily) then Endless Legend is highly recommended.  If your 4X play style is solely military this game may seem too easy at the moment.  However, hopefully Amplitude will improve the AI in coming patches with some changes made already and a track record of good community engagement.I've found the game immersive enough to play for 80 hours already using different factions with different styles of play, units and quests.  I'm completely hooked at the moment!  There are still a few factions left to play, so while longevity will be limited until the AI is improved, the game represents a good investment.  The professionalism of the games development stands out in many ways.  The user interface is easy to use, the music is terrific, the graphics are beautiful for a 4X game and the tactical combat is vastly improved over Endless Space. I've had no crashes or seen any bugs with a material impact.Amplitude have developed a really good 4X game.  I only hope that they deliver AI Improvements in patches and also give the AI far more focus before their next release."
,Recommended,289130,12246455,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,SelfMadeSoul,"After about a dozen Early Access disasters, Endless legend is probably the first game that I bought at release and WISH that I had bought in Early Access. This game has it all. A real in-depth strategical engine, factions that actually change the way that the game is played for once, and a compelling story (in a 4X game no less!).And the ART! Every time I see a new painting in a faction quest, I've got a new desktop background. Sometimes, in the mid-to-late-game, I take a break and just zoom in and look at all of the cities and terrain in my empire... its gorgeous! When Steam announced their Music service, this was the first soundtrack that I thought of... and I'm not a soundtrack guy at all.This game was originally purchased to ""hold me over"" until Civ: Beyond Earth came out. Now, I can't even remember CBE's release date. If you're on the fence on whether you want a challenging fantasy 4X game that does everything right, then I strongly encourage you to guzzle the kool-aid from a firehose."
76561198111961520,Recommended,289130,26130728,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,B36-667,"This is one of the finest, if not my favourite game of all time.This is a very solid 4X strategy game. IMO it suffers from no flaws other than those systemic in the genre, such as the snowball effect and the tedium of click based combat after a while. It's lore is simply fantastic. No other game has so quickly engrossed me in the worldbuilding and storytelling quite like this game. It looks incredible. It sounds incredible.Honestly, its the uniqueness of the factions, the variety in their playstyles, the storytelling of the world of Aurigaa and just the feeling of uniqueness that is the game's greatest strength for me.Can't reccomend enough. Beautiful, and very fun."
,Recommended,289130,12808864,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Cyber_Wasteland,"4X done right!For the TL;DR Its a great game. Hits so many great titles out there, but adding its own fresh curve balls. I do not regret my purchases. I would recommend this game to anyone. 10/10This is by far, one of the best 4x I have played in a very long time. If you are a Civ fan you need to give this game some thought. It has everything the civ fans enjoyed over the years, but at the same time also gives new and refreshing ideas. It has the 4X feel to it that we all know and love. So it wont take long to start understanding the way this one plays but at the same time also throws some curve balls your way making you go ""whoa, that is awesome""Scrolling out the map never felt so good. in other games you scroll out. Get an under standing and scroll back in. This, you scroll out and admire everything you have done seeing all that you control from a more masters look. Feeling like your on that iron throne and pushing around your wood pieces.Combat gives a whole new meaning to the 4X genera. Iv played allot of these style games. I love the combat to this, So far this game has dabbled in my childhood more then I thought it would from playing Civ 1-5 and Heroes of might and magic.If your a heroes of might and magic fan being able to tell each unit who to attack and where to run instead of click, right click. and a fight broke out. You get so much more control over what each unit does. AS well as your hero.Units, being able to gear up your units with more armor and weapons, rings and necklace. For how indepth this game goes. Its got me comin back for more and more each time.Heroes. Each hero has a skill tree as well as gains xp. Adding new armor, trinkets, weapons. Skill points. Want a bad ♥♥♥ that leads your troops to hell and back, you got it. Want one that sits in your city and just helps run that ♥♥♥♥. You got that to. I love just exactly how much control i have over what everyone does.On to that last part over control. Your citys go a little different in the route of how things are done instead of making workers. plowing fields building this, and telling them to do this. Instead you have workers, but apart of the city. Want to pop out more gold(in this case Dust) Move one, two or all of the workers over to dust. Need to make this troop faster for that war. Move all your workers over to industry. Some may say that might make it easier but it doesn't just makes it more convenient. Workers are still taken away each time you make a settler so there is a downfall to all happy ups.The other thing that I love about this is the races to choose from, each with there own back story and quest line. There own play style. Really throwing more in to the ring. Not only this, its the fantasy theme, if your a fantasy lover, 4X player, and a Heroes of might and magic playing Civ 5 person. Give this game more then just thought, go ahead and put it in that cart. You will not regret it."
76561197977108511,Recommended,289130,12134047,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Sir Murphy,"Brilliant game, similar to civ but different at the same time, Lot more fast pace but just as fun would 100% recommend for Civ players!"
76561198024436574,Recommended,289130,29367341,Posted: 19 January,all,Clandestined,"I have played a lot of 4X games in my time. And while I enjoy the genre, there have been gripes I have had with it that never seemed to be address. But having grown used to them, I just never really realized how irritating they actually where.Enter Endless Legend. While there are many who argue that it doesn't add much to the genre, I'd have to argue strongly against that. Besides the different factions that are actually different, forcing you to adjust you playstyle based on who your playing and not just getting some slightly more powerful units and a few uniques traits and builds but largely playing the same ala Civ 5 or really most other 4X games.The simultaneous nature of multi-player takes away a lot of the tedium of waiting for your turn. While some games allowed limited interaction such as Shogun 2's multiplayer campaiaign, they still lock half or more fucntions that you'd like to be doing while your buddy is trying to figure out his turn.Along those same lines, being able to control your units in battle makes army composition and strategic placement very real concepts instead of just an enhanced paper-rock-scissors model like similar games.Another nice feature is it allows you full access to everything even after you hit that turn button. So unlike many others, you have a chance to fix ♥♥♥♥-ups or change strategies even if you tapped that prematurely. It also keeps you from getting too bored or annoyed on those occasions when you buddies turn drags. A surprisingly rare occurence once everyone knows what their doing.That's just the start. Hero units that give it more of a Warcraft 3 vibe but they can do so much more than lead armies. And being able to gear up your normal units in different ways often leads to pet armies instead of just leagues of faceless jack holes.The map is seperated into regions and cities control whole regions as opposed to having that really nice resource sitting right on the edge of your city with no hope of ever attaining it. I mean seriously, who would never mine the obvious unclaimed vein of ore right outside the town limits? What? Afraid the barbarians are gonna get you?Anyway, that's just the tip oif the iceburg. Once you start throwing the dlc in there, things really get interesting as they add to the game and don't really feel like cheap tack-ons for money grabbing purposes.And speaking of dlc, the absolute best thing about that is everybody doesn't need it to play with you. Whatever the host has, the other players get to use too. That's right! Your friends can get classic and play with all that lovely dlc that you spent your cash on! Rather then being forced to save it for those lonely nights when all you got is your computer and a bowl of soup to cry in.So that's my general take. If you like turn-based 4X, then get it. The base game is cheap and you can always get the dlc you want later if you like it. If your not into 4X, again it's cheap and I think a great introduction. It has a touch of complexity that keeps it from getting stale like Civ 5 has a tendecy of doing but isn't so over the top it will take you hours to understand it."
,Recommended,289130,26042634,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ChristianBk,"I really like this game. I'm like a fanatical casual for 4X games: I love the idea of them... but they hardly stick. Mainly because I find them to be a chore after awhile. And after working, I feel the need to not keep on taxing my brain.Endless Legend has stuck with me though. You could tell: this game has been put together very conciously. The artwork and lore behind the factions is intriging. And I love the idea that many, if not all, factions play a bit differently. The soundtrack is beautiful. And the game just LOOKS so cool.It's a bit overwhelming to jump in, so I've done a lot of research. Definitely some good guides on Steam and on YouTube. Once you get it figured out, you really start noticing how well the UI tells you what's going on in a glance. Very smartly put together. Recommended!"
76561198018717242,Recommended,289130,12192642,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Philosfr,"Good turn based fantasy strategy game without the standard fantasy fare. Unique takes on most things make it visually entertaining. Less of a Civ clone than you might think, but you can see influences. Minor races instead of city states for example, but you end up recruiting them into your nation instead of interacting with them in other ways. It borrows some mechanics such as heroes and resources from Endless Space, which isn't a bad thing.One of the best turn based fantasy strategy games of the Civ-clone ilk I've played, though the AI was somewhat lame on the average difficult levels. They played well except the peaceful ones had next to no military. I waltzed through their lands with nary a concern."
76561198034572875,Recommended,289130,22863456,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Capt.Caveman 185,"My first review, all I have to say is 1218 .6 hrs playing it and I can't stop ......I think I'm in love."
76561198214076889,Recommended,289130,31656323,Posted: 9 May,all,waffle_penguin17,"Normally, I don't enjoy 4X strategy games - they tend to feel simultaneously overwhelming and underwhelming because of their massive scope and depth but lack of emotional involvement/story.  I couldn't get into Civ, Europa, etc, but I absolutely love Total War.  But there's something about this one that makes me keep playing.  It's incredibly well polished, it has quests and lore to drive me towards accomplishing things, and it has playable battles to satisfy that Total War military itch.If this can work as my gateway into 4X games, then it's definitely worth a shot for fans of the genre."
76561198048096716,Recommended,289130,30852491,Posted: 31 March,all,Maestro,"Oh, my goodness what a game!pros:* great control over units and graphics* addition of heroes in the armies that can level up makes for a lot of customizing.* tactical battle managment keeps the randomness down.* graphics are fun and interesting.* Factions are noticably different and have completely different feels and styles.Cons:* a very long game with lots to do.* The endgame takes forever for each turn (common to 4x games)* Single city per territory limits growth opportunities a lot.This game is great.  It really feels like combining the Heroes series with Civ.  Other hybrids exist, but I think this one does it best.  I can play this for hours and just keep coming back."
76561198053905564,Recommended,289130,34194385,Posted: 12 August,all,rabenturm,"Best 4x game I've ever played. Whatever Civ does wrong, EL does right. Replayability is immense and I adore the artwork."
,Not Recommended,289130,18351284,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,thefeint,"This is one of those games that I saw a huge amount of potential in, but falls short in ways that make it difficult for me to recommend. The designer had some creative approaches to the issues that come up in 4X games - quest victory, minor factions, 1-city-per-region, and the Influence system. The amount of care that went into designing each factions' quest lines, unit art, and the overall story is quite impressive, and it brought me into the game with some level of excitement.But in a game of this scope, the weakest link stands out like a sore thumb - or in this case, sore thumbs. The battle system starts off promising, with a small section of the actual world map playing host to the somewhat small-scale battles that constitute army-on-army warfare. In practice, the battles are honestly a nightmare. They usually play out like this: the two highest-initiative units get to act as they please. If these two are on opposing sides, they'll form sort of a central conflict, around which the rest of the battle swirls. Except swirling makes it sound intense & interesting - the swirling comes from the out-of-date unit orders, trying in vain to get to an available side of the single enemy they were allowed to target in this round. It can actually be a relief at times for one of your obstinate, lackwit units dies, because it opens up room for a fresh unit, which had been flailing about at the outskirts of your battlefield, to charge over to the site of that unit's corpse and actually accomplish something. I don't know how much time was spent working on the battlefield AI, but it seems to consist of simple pathfinding, and quite possibly nothing else.The tech tier system is an interesting system, but I kind of have to scratch my head at some of the decisions. For example, there's a tech available in tier 1 that unlocks the Heroes & Mercenaries section of the Marketplace, allowing you to spend Dust/currency on hiring either of these kinds of units. If you don't unlock this tech, you will have 1 hero for the duration of the game (barring any that might come from your faction of choice's quest line). What's odd is that some of the hero skills unlock incredibly valuable upgrades - for the Broken Lords faction, which is extremely reliant on Dust income, you might unlock a 15% increase in the Dust income of a city, if the hero in question is set to govern it. What this means is that the Heroes & Mercenaries tech is absurdly valuable. There are techs each for the tier 1 strategic resource extractors, and the tier 1 luxury resource extractors, as well. If you don't unlock those, you may be missing out on an enormous set of features of the game. Compare that to the Aquapulvistics tech, which unlocks a couple of city improvements that generate 2 or 3 dust per turn on a tile that has a river, or a lake respectively. And only in summer (something like 3/4 of a game's turns, by my rough guesstimate). Anyways, the idea is that the balance between tech decisions is pretty lacking.So those are my complaints #1 and #2, out of what is a much longer list (of which I'll spare you the rest). Really, the reason why I bother to write this isn't because I hate the game! But rather that it's promising enough that I wanted/want to like it, but the flaws are so irritating that it drives me to put it away. I hope that another game can come in and take the effective and interesting gameplay elements & features, and make a better game. Or at least one I can tolerate playing a whole game through without wanting to claw my eyes out in frustration."
76561197993639857,Recommended,289130,26042121,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Killer,"Requires a small learning curve, but once you get into it you can't stop.Highly addictive. Played other games but I always come back to EL. Highly recommended."
76561198120388020,Recommended,289130,25211348,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,schumaji23,"4X game with impressive depth. The factions really play differently from each other, giving a large boost to replay value. If you like micromanagement of every aspect this game is for you. Sci Fi world and lore is really cool. Honestly, I bounced off this game a bit when I first played it, but once you have a firm grasp on the mechanics and what everything does/means it really unfolds into something very impressive.Also you can customize your military units down to whether they use a sword, axe, two handed weapon etc. If you like Civ but find it a little simplistic (especially combat) this game is for you!"
,Recommended,289130,29135690,Posted: 8 January,all,GhostSmooch,"Take Civ, add some servicable innovations to its basic model, set it in a high fantasy / magitech world, and then have the game map try to kill you with Winter.That's Endless Legend.If you have a 4X itch to scratch, this might just be what you're looking for. It hasn't capitvated me in the same way as Civ has, but I appreciated the new things they tried with this game. I especially like the interesting setting, which breaks the standard fantasy mold and gives you a truly engaging world to play with."
,Recommended,289130,22488093,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,☸ Shōgun ☸,"Review time:I've played many games and bought many games over the past few years but none of them have really 'clicked' for me. I'd buy them and then play them for a few hours and probably never touch them again.This was the case with Endless Legend when I bought it shortly after it first came out. I played half the tutorial and didn't touch it again. Jump to 2016 and I thought - ""You know what? I feel like getting into that Endless Legend game I've had for a while now."" and oh boy am I glad I gave it another shot. I'm enjoying it a lot more than CIV 5.The key features I like about it are as follows:The Races - Roving Clans and Broken Lords are my top favs. Each one is amazingly unique. The Roving Clans are a nomadic trader faction that can't declare war at all but they can ban people from using the in-game market system and are really good at making money. The Broken Lords don't need food. They live off Dust (in game gold) and I actually mean 'live off it'. Each faction has it's own aesthetic beauty which really shines through in their cities and units.The Music - You've got all types. Nomadic type music for the RC faction, medieval/spooky for the BL etc. The music really fits this world and helps immerse you in it.The World - Now I really like the lore in this game. It may not be much in comparison to Middle-earth or League of Legends' lore (League has lore???), but it has a good enough lore for me.The Climates - You have your generic desert, forest, snowy tundras etc. but they look beautiful. Each match makes the world look breath taking and that's brilliant for a 4x game. (When you build districts near water, you get a little port going on and it looks so nice). :3 It's just wooden boats and wooden walkways but it's still nice. I hope the next expansion is a naval/aquatic one which actually adds REAL ports into it and naval warfare and a naval faction that can build on water.Not really a review, but I'm loving this game and I can't stop playing it. This is the first game to do this to me in a very long time. I want to know more about the Endless world, but sadly after Endless Legends, it expands to space (Endless Space) and all the factions except for The Vaulters die out. That's not a spoiler. You'd know this if you played Endless Space (I haven't but I have read up on it) and the planet EL is set on, Auriga, is dead and barren during the events of Endless Space which is set AFTER Endless Legends. There's another game called Dungeon of the Endless which is set before Endless Legends.The timeline goes:Dungeon of the Endless - Endless Legends - Endless Space - (and maybe Endless Space 2 which comes out this year).Overall, I rate this game a Roving Clans Best Faction/10."
,Recommended,289130,26020088,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,『　』,"The best 4x game I've played, Better than Civ V. In my eyes at least.If you love gettin comfy, listening to an amazing soundtrack, and playing Factions that are each different and fills in a unique niche in the game, pick up this game.broken lords and Forgotten is bestIts breddy gud."
,Recommended,289130,12855466,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Polaris,"I am baffled as to how this game could reinvent the civilization formula with so much originality that it makes me wish the civilization series would actually learn from this.Extremely fine art and an absolutely gorgeous map, and lots to do. And I do find it quite hard. I still have to play many many hours but I am enjoying this a lot. All of the races are interesting and it is a first that I'm actually playing everything random.9/10. Excellent"
,Recommended,289130,26051897,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Chancer,"I'll keep it short and simple.No, I am not a master 4X player.  No, I am not even a strategy game player.  In fact, I very much despise most strategy games and haven't touched Civ games before either.  But Endless Legends has kept me invested for almost a full day of gameplay time since I bought it almost 4 days ago.  It has great art, great music, and wonderfully engaging (if sometimes tedious because of simply how MUCH there is) gameplay, with some nice lore fluff to go along with it.Multiplayer can work fine, but it can be a touch finnicky sometimes.  Just make sure you have a good host and all will be fine.  Personally I dislike multiplayer in these games because turns take literally forever.  Singleplayer however is still great fun.On sale, EL can easily have the most hours played per dollar spent compared to very, very many games.  It's great value and I highly recommend it to those interested in 4X games.  It seems complicated, but if you're already interested, you'll figure out how to play how you want with little more than a tutorial."
76561198009007200,Recommended,289130,28094156,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,The13thlemon,"Been playing this game for a long time period, it's one of those games I go back to, start a game and find it hard to stop until I finish it. Then I will leave it sitting for a while and do it all again.That isn't a bad reflection on the game at all, it keeps drawing me in time and again. (might be a bad reflection on my games stock :/ lol)Now as to the game, honestly it's hard to explain and can be daunting starting off. There are some features that aren't explained in the tutorial but after a game or two you will pick it up.Each faction operates differently in the way their 'economy' works. Each city produces  -food, production, science, dust, influence. Some of these aren't used by some of the factions(One nation has to buy their technologies for example, one doesn't use food etc etc)Then you have global strategic resources, and 'luxury' resources.All heroes and units can be equipped with better weapons (like armour/weapons/helm/boots/accessories) once the suitable research has been completed or an item is obtained through one of the many mini-quests.Range of victory types, similar to other games in the genre, but race has a unique 'quest' victory condition which follows the strength of that race.I've personally found that the expansions for the game have always added nice new interesting content, though the base game was always really solid so if you want to try it out you don't NEED the expansions.Combat is carried out in an auto or mini-battle screen where you don't directly have control over your units as such, more just give them orders and watch it play out.Comparisons to other titles of this genre? Well Civ is going to be the obvious one, I've played so many hours of every civ game and I don't regret whenever I play Endless Legend, it is different enough and it always hooks me when I turn it on until that final turn.I think it's worth full price, but if in doubt wait till a sale. They happen often enough. I would recommend this to a friend, and have happily brought it for a friend knowing it wouldn't disappoint.Peace :)"
76561198151075524,Recommended,289130,25515718,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Brambachacer,"Beautiful graphics, a fantasy setting, and 4X. If you like those three things, then that is what you will get with this game.  Is it the best 4X game?  No.  But is it a good game?  Yes, yes it is.  And in my opinion a very fun game.I'm not going to wax lyrical about pros and cons as there are already much better examples posted and with far more eloquence.  That being said, I will offer this advice:  If you wish to get the most out of this game, then take advantage of the different races and victory paths by playing as many of them as you want however and whenever you want.  What I mean by this, is don't get locked into one playthrough long past the point when it has become redundant.The strength of this game is not in its endgame.  It is in its variety and richness of races and play styles.  I stopped hating this game the moment I realized that and started having fun.With that in mind, I also recommend buying this game on sale.  You really won't have to wait long with as frequent as the Steam sales typically are.  And if you buy it on sale, you are much less likely to become frustrated in those tedious end stages I just mentioned.If you are a hardcore 4x player, this game may not be for you.  But if you're like me, and it's as much the fantasy aspect as the strategy part of the game that calls to you the most, then I say have at it!"
76561197972920742,Recommended,289130,33007725,Posted: 29 June,all,theunderking,"This game is fantastic. I bounced off it hard in the past and I was never sure why since I kept reading such positive reviews.Then it dawned on me: THE TUTORIAL IS A GIANT TURD. If you've played 10 turns of a civilization game and manually controlled a battle or two in heroes/AoW you've learned all the tutorial will teach you.I'm not a newbie to the genre with well over 2000 hours of Civ4, who knows how much of the other Civs, Ascendancy, MoO, Heroes of M&M, Age of Wonders, etc etc etc. But there is so much going on in this game that the tutorial doesn't even so much as mention."
,Recommended,289130,11902826,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,DevildogFF,"First and foremost:  This game is for fans of Civilization 1-5, Fallen Enchantress (and its standalone, Legendary Heroes), Master of Magic, Age of Wonders 1-3, and any other 4X game.It's like Amplitude took the best parts of Civilization, Master of Magic, Legendary Heroes, their own Endless Space and a few other good 4X games and spun it their own way.The strategic layer of managing your economy, build queue, expansion and empire plans are all well done and what you'd expect of a good 4X. The factions are all varied and play uniquely and creatively, each having their own strengths and weaknesses and very distinct looks, both cities and units. The battles are quick, but full of true tactical choices and even strategic choices, as they require knowledge of the terrain and the elevation bonuses to take full advantage of. They're also quick enough to not become the focus of the game, unlike another recent ""4X"" game with a long history....What I'm trying to say is that if you like 4X and you want a polished, pretty, and deep game, look no further. The game is, most importantly, fun, even in its BETA state. The AI is competent, though in need of some love (they have time), the balance is getting better with every build and the flow of the game is becoming extremely solid.So what are you waiting for? Help support an awesome indie company that is making some excellent games and that costs nearly HALF of what the other ""leading"" 4X developers are charging."
76561198091067271,Recommended,289130,10340328,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,TheWayfaring,"To put it simply, this game is one of the best, if not the best, 4x games I've ever played. And it's still in testing. First of all, this game looks gorgeous: from landscapes to unit design. The world can be aesthetically changed and physically changed through pre-game options, meaning that random seeds just got more random. Units actually change how they look depending on armor (to be implemented in the future, review written as of Alpha Test on 6/3/14) equipped and weapons equipped (already implemented), meaning I can have some wierd bug guys with claws, or wierd bug guys with spears. While not at all necessary in a 4x, it really adds a sense of personality (which is something that Amplitude usually lacks in their games) and a feeling that what you do is actually impacting your empire. Secondly, the game's speed is perfect. It feels faster than most 4x games (I can play a 5-man game on a small map and win through elimination in under 200 turns, and I'm a complete noob at this point), but it's by no means limiting strategy or creating pressure. Thirdly, every faction ingame so far (Wild Walkers, Vaulters, Necrophages, Broken Lords, and soon the Cultists of the Endless) is very unique. They have both positive and negative traits, which usually work to somewhat even eachother out. For example, Necrophages have decreased food gain, but they can turn corpses into stockpiles of food; Broken Lords use Dust to heal instead of food, and in turn gain increased Dust production.On another hand, combat in this game is no AoW3, and it is somewhat repetetive, however, the ability to manually adjust your battle formation is something really cool. First of all, it allows you to better organize your units for either an increased success rate or survival rate or both. Secondly, it makes the game more challenging if you don't know what you're doing or if you don't know what type of enemy you're facing or the type you're good against. In multiplayer when it's released, two people customizing layouts will be doubly intriguing as they'll have to both predict what the enemy does and what they should do to counter it. On top of that, simply, it adds more graphic options. In auto battling you'll miss your giant demon unfurling his wings, jumping onto the foe, and slamming his giant axe into some poor flying unit's face. Another reason I find this manual adjustment cool is that, similar to armor and weapon changes, it lets you feel like you're in more control of the game. I mean, you are the battle leader right? So you should be able to, let's say... actually lead the battle, right? In Endless Legend, you can.I'd like to edit this review in order to post about some concerns I've been reading about. Some people are very unsatisfied with how diplomacy currently is (posted as of 6/15/14) and are trying to use this as a major factor in order to downplay how good this game is. The game is currently in Alpha testing and as such does not feature everything it will have upon release. The AI will be sure to improve (for anybody who seems unable to find this information, based on my experiences, the AI are overall a little bit silly. The first game or two you might get demolished when you just meet two people and they both declare war on you, but not eachother, however, once you see how the bots use an entirely militaristic route with mediocre strategies, you'll be fine against them.). Another complaint is the difficulty of the AI, there is currently only one AI setting, Alpha, and this will of course evolve into more and more difficulties when the developers want to focus on that instead of the founddation of the game. Also, this game is intended to be a multiplayer game, and people are (usually) more strategic than bots, which will immensely ramp up the difficulty of the game. Another concern, in the form of a question, I've been hearing is about how long turns are. As I mentioned, this is a fairly fast-paced 4x, and to go with how fast you might go, the AI are not slow at calculating what they'll do this turn and next. I can't give an exact time for how long they plan, but it felt shorter than Civ 5 to me. If anybody has concerns or questions feel free to ask me below and if Steam gives me that notification, I'll be sure to respond.Overall, I'd give this game so far an 8/10, and unless the developers do something stupid, it'll be a 9 at least upon release. The developers are working with the community to make the game better (in fact right now they just concluded a player-made Faction contest, go Cultists!) and they seem to be listening to the player's feedback, complaints and all. If you're into 4x games, I would say you should give this game a chance. Or two. Maybe three, third time's a charm. Though 4th is no less fun. Etc. :P"
76561198035316734,Recommended,289130,13057488,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Roadie,"Pretty damn good game.  It has a medium learning curve because you can build and use your empire how you want to.Unlike most 4x games its not as much about expanding your empire as it is building it up.You are not confined to a tech line and they really made this game  open ended and customizable for the player.The closest this game can be discribed is imagine civ and heros of might&magic had child; this would be the result.There is so much that could be said about this game but ill narrow it down in four words. Deep Fun innovative and sandboxy like a 4x should be.Each faction is totally diffrent and does not have the cookie cutter races that only differ slightly from eachother. One faction can only build one city. Another faction can move there citys becouse they are nomatic. Another faction doesnt eat food but consumes a diffrent resource. Another faction eats well,, other factions citizens!! Its great!The Heros are amazing and have the MOO2 govener feel to them. Did I mention all the side quests in the game? Yes there are those too.I can go on and on about all the neat things you can do in this game that are just ingenous but all I have to say is; This game is simply a fresh take and a instant classic. I have no regret buying it.Only down side is there are a few small bugs to get squashed yet."
76561198011979915,Recommended,289130,25541777,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Bobbinfickle,"Fantastic game, really well made, still feels like magic somehow even after 70 hours."
,Recommended,289130,9922289,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Zone FNF,"Absolutely wonder strategy game with a suprising amount fo content for an Early Access Game. Endless Legend plays off an randomy generated  map world a la Civilization. Currently there's 4 different factions inside the game. So far I've only played the Vaulters, a techological race focoused upon research. It would seem as though all the factions start off with 1 major and 1 minor perk along with a few pre-researched techs and a few basic units. Ofcouse, all of this is different for each of the 4 factions currently present.The game play map is fully relealized filled with interesting zones that influnce your city building ways. I see that many of the elements from the Endless space game appears, namely a wonder GUI, meaningful quests and city govenors.Combat inside the game plays out half like an RPG and half in a form similar to Age of Wonders III and The might and magic series. Amplitude has applied some of the elements from endless space. Battles are started by units on the strategy map and are fought like small turn based battles like say fire emblie or advanced wars. Heroes also make a role as units that you can level up, choose perks, and equip with items.Want more? Check out my Let's Play below:Watch:http://youtu.be/Vs0xGUOHdJkSubscribe:https://www.youtube.com/user/Pewpewchewchew"
76561198059894406,Recommended,289130,24752214,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,jms2296,"love it it is a better civilization, more customization and more fun"
76561198028486347,Recommended,289130,12128345,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,LordFischerprice,"As a huge fan of the endless series - BUY THIS GAME!!! Awesome strategy features, Highly customizable gameplay, beautiful graphics and a unique lore makes this worth every penny! AND!!! It goes out of Beta tomorrow :D"
76561198037792793,Recommended,289130,28614128,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LATuxedo,"If you miss the fantasy mods for Civ 4 (Fall From Heaven, particularly), then this game will scratch that itch like nothing else so far has. If you've played Civ 5, then this game should be very intuitive. The combat is pretty different though, and may take some time to learn the ropes for. You can't always throw bigger armies at your opponent to win like you usually can in Civ5."
,Not Recommended,289130,9956813,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Haon the Great,"Update after full launch:7/10This game has officially failed to become a good 4X game.  It has some outstanding ideas, notably the heroes, the weapon systems, and the quest system.  It has some quirky ideas that don't quite meet their full potential, such the incredibly unique and varied races and the tactical battles.  Then it's got some neat ideas that just don't work, like the province system.  At the end of the day, this is a great try and injects some life into the 4X genre, but it's missing the mechanics of other greats that prevent it from being fully recommended.    *CAVEAT: I should actually say that I am a peace-loving hippie; this game may very well cater towards you warmongers...Pros:- Downrigth gorgeous, with stellar art and graphics- Excellent strategic pre-battle planning for your units and heros- Fun quests, especially since each race has their own unique storyline- Great race selection, albiet with flaws (see below)- It really is a servicable 4X game, and is fun enough in its own rightQuirky idea shout-out:- I loved the tech where you can make all-merc armies neutral, then have them wollop on you friends without them knowing it is you.Good tries:- Tactical combat- Racial abilities don't always work as anticipated, or are not as useful as the developer's thought- Complex trade and diplomatic systems; the problem here seems to be AI, not the system.  Excellent ideas.Big Issue that was never fixed:- There are still missing explanations for game mechanics, which is nigh unforgivable in such a complex game.Cons:- Province/district system really shoehorns your expansion and negates any real need for protection of non-city areas.- Utter lack of customization of districts or landscape; incredibly dissapointing given the fascinating take in Endless Space.- Because of the above two problems, the mid-game is incredibly dry if you don't want to fight everyone; you simply set up a build and research cue, then hit end turn (as opposed to micromanage tiles, planets, etc.)- Further, expanding your city is not that fun since you take huge hits in happiness every time you do (which, if you think about it, is bass ackward).- FIDS system, or rather the DS (dust and science) part of it, make unique cities unnecessary and pointless; each city can easily produce everything.- Laying seige to a town is odd; it is completely necessary, but is so easy it feels as though it is not.- Playing with an emphasis on ranged combat gives you a huge advantage with just a minor understanding of tactics.- No sea or air combat, and very limited sea exploration/exploitationOriginal EA review:To start, this game has tons of potential.  The base buliding is fantastic, it exudes character (for example, each race has a unique quest/storyline with rewards), and the combat is a unique take on 4X games.  Also, I love the way they are approaching diplomacy (it depends a little on its own resource, which makes it easier when playing with the AI).Of course, this is early access. Now, normally I am 100% against early access games.  They lack polish, they are buggy as hell, etc.  The same is true of Endless Legend.  The biggest problem: the utter and complete lack of explanation of anything.  So, why a thumbs up for this one?  Because Amplitude did it right and is giving a 25% discount!  Hot damn people, we've got good marketing and benefits for all!I'll update when I've played more, but for now, this already awesome looking game is being offered at a significant discount and is enjoyable enough right to sink a few hours here and there.  Definitely the best EA game on the market right now."
76561198001980370,Recommended,289130,27389682,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Silly Wizard,"The streamlined fantasy Civ game we (those of us without unlimited time to kill) have always wanted.Buy it.  Then buy everything else Amplitude makes, because it's all exceptionally well-made."
,Recommended,289130,12574611,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,LemonKush,"This game is great for those who like games like Civalization. It works the same way but it has more features to it, absolutely love it!"
,Recommended,289130,16425846,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Troy_Costisick,"Endess Legend sets the standard for 4X games going forward.  This is a watershed game, just like Master of Magic and Master of Orion 2 were in the 90's.  Finally, for once, a company has made a game as good as those two."
76561198048355835,Recommended,289130,34471039,Posted: 24 August,all,Ruytoteles,"This games is complex and beautifully crafted. Different races have completely different ways of achieving victory, although AI in negotiations could be improved. Game is complex, so prepare for a steep learning curve and to lose a couple of times until you get it. Perhaps could benefit from an accelerated version of the multiplayer system."
76561198024218344,Recommended,289130,22352769,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Gaming Raz,"I purchased Endless Legend when it first released, played it for 40 hours then put EL to the side and waited for things to smooth out.It's time for a review.I would like to start by saying that AMPLITUDE Studios is the best. I have chatted with the devs and other EL players with great response.With the backing of a great team emerges a fantastic game, Endless Legend.This 4X turn-based fantasy strategy is the best of it's kind. EL has set the water mark standard.From the 11 factions that have fantasic stories behind them. To the rich music, sharp graphics, beautiful intros and deep skill tree. EL is the best!Any Gripes?Yeah, minor gripes....First off, you cannot rotate the camera to look at the land. The camera will only allow a ""Pan to the left"" and ""Pan to the right"" There is no looking at the situation freely and it does cause a gripe. I just wish they would fix that!Winter is coming.This is a gripe the devs intentionally placed in the game and it's the change of seasons. When winter hits.... IT HITS! Everything slows down. Production, movement and the price of things go up. Food and profit drop. Population will starve and die. It really makes one dread winter. So should the devs change this? Heck no! It adds character to the game because it will cause a player to really play your moves right on minimal resources and movement. (Don't leave your troops to far away from shelter)CHOOSE YOUR DESTINY. okay fight.The battles scenes are kinda weak and leave much to desire. Like the camera limitation, I just wish there was more to the battles and even throw in a troop cheer at the end of a victory. After all the planning, after all the building, thats the outcome when they battle? Again, a minor gripe.Wow the clock is slow man.....Yeah like any 4x strategy game it is slow going so be aware. If you are unable to deal with thinking games, go play GTA or something to hold your attention.None of these gripes put the game down enough to not recommend.YES, I do recommend Endless Legend and YES get all the DLC's and YES goto AMPLITUDE Studios web site to be in touch with the devs.Don't forgetDungeon of the Endlessmade by the same people! Another great game!"
,Recommended,289130,26082656,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,moumou38,A little hard to get into it as lots of mechanics are actually not explained in the tutorial but this is so addictive and good. I bought it yesterday and played 13hrs straight....*just one more turn .... *
,Recommended,289130,20611021,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Warhawg01,"After completing two full 200+ turn Endless Legend games, I uninstalled Civ V. In Civ V I would get bored with nothing really to do while waiting for research to finish and things to build. Just Next Turn until something happened. So much more going on here with EL:Great Quest system that keeps things interesting with many different quest types - including a Quest victory condition.Factions that aremuchdifferent from each other. Or customize your own.Multiple different ways to upgrade and tailor your individual units with gear - some of which are quest rewards. Another good use of strat resources too.Addition of luxury resources you can accumulate and fire off for multiple diffferent boosters.The minor factions are such an improvement over the Civ Barbarians. You can get quests to pacify them, or you can bribe or crush them. The Cultists main faction actually depend on converting them for troops since they are a single-city faction. However, they are not nearly as involved as Civ's City-States. No such equivalent exists in EL.The tech system is much better. Pick any tech within an era -- you do not have to follow the 'railroad.'I like the Empire Plan much more than Civ's Social Policies. More flexible and can be changed to react to your game.Absolutley gorgeous game map with a great soundtrack. I love the UI in this game too.Moving multiple unit armies in Civ V was such a chore due to one unit per tile. In EL, the army stacks, but the separate tactical combat mode then changes to one per tile. Plus you can auto-resolve impending facerolls. Your's or their's.A truly great 4X game. Do not hesitate to buy it you are fan of the genre."
,Recommended,289130,23779953,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nerkles,"Fun, deep, and BEAUTIFUL Civ 5-type game. Severely underrated and a must play if you like the genre."
76561198031723199,Recommended,289130,22950216,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Tekk-Kneek,"After a great deal of time in the world i learn all the mechanics of the game, but only through trial and error. The brutality this game can show on the higher setting refects more of a dark souls style game where you are forced to react fast or be wiped out. Overall i think this is an amazing title in the endless series and if you are a fan of 4x you will feel right at home, but if you are new to this style of game do not expect the game to hold your hand . There will be death but there will be life."
76561198202023932,Recommended,289130,24350918,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Not Lautrec Of Carim,"Played as a dragonkilled an empire of cultistsan empire of living armor people are terrified of me and go to great lengths to stay in my favori gain over 1000$$ per turn--- Whats not to love? ---if you like the following games then i would recommend this game to you----------------------------------Civilization:Crusader kingsEuropa UniversalisWarcraft 1,2,3( I think you get the idea from the examples above )Build your empire and crush the enemyforge alliancesMurder peopleBetray alliance members after surrounding allied capital with your armyTake EX allied capitalRaze it to the ground:^)Pros: Loads of content and replayabilityHas steamworkshop and loads of modsMultiplayerLoads of racesTons of followers and questsTons of itemsCons: Very hard to master and AI will 75% of the time always be 50+ turns ahead of you in terms of research and military"
,Recommended,289130,24754963,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,queenkimba,This is the best 4x game I own.  The artwork and music are beautiful.  The DLC add more than their worth in new races and mechanics.
76561197960328067,Recommended,289130,9922439,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Hellgast,"Civ with a fantasy twist.As with any early access game, this seems to be missing all but the most basic components of a 4X game.But what it does contain is solid base to build on, it feels familar but also quite fresh.Very promising start."
,Recommended,289130,30035230,Posted: 19 February,all,2nd Law,"Civ 5 but in a fantasy setting with more of a RPG element. Both games are equally as good, but Endless Legend is better than Civ 6 at the moment so I recommend this game over Civ 6."
76561197965067948,Recommended,289130,29643003,Posted: 1 February,all,Stabby McStabStab,"Fun fact: If you never knew why they're called 4X games it stands for explore, expand, exploit, exterminate.Endless Legend does an incredible job of innovating the 3rd ""X""; exploit.  Your faction colonizes territories and immediately you begin exploiting the area around you.  Harmlessly at first.  Then you realize you can assimilate minor factions in your provice in a number of ways.  Who doesn't love getting a little bonus and then pacifying and gaining the ability to recruit some creepy looking worm people, two headed dog warriors, or a flying demon that looks straight out of Diablo?Beyond that you start exploiting different naturally occuring deposits as your research makes them available.  As you and the other inhabitants of the world exploit more and more, the winters get longer and longer.  ""Maybe this is bad for the planet?"" you may ask, but then you get distracted by shiny pearls that are just ASKING to be harvested.  Let's face it, you NEED them to help build structures that negate winter's affect on your exploitations.  Plus you can make pearl armor, weapons, and chic trinkets to accessorize your heroes with.  My archer lady looks great in pearls.To get to the point, you can really get lost in this title.  I've found the normal difficulty is great for the standard 4X player (aka me).  The game doesn't feel like it's cheating against you as I've felt with other games in the same genre.  The one major city per province mechanic allows city building to feel less like a race and more like a reflection of the progression of your empire.The quests can give you plenty to do, the roaming minor faction armies make you keep pace with your military, and I've rarely gotten to the point in a game where an AI opponent rolls in three armies just cause they can and wipes me out.  The diplomatic measures are balanced, the factions are unique, the setting is eye candy, and you can spend hours and hours of your life hitting that 3rd X super hard and building the empire that you never could in those other games.The game works great with the Steam Controller.My only negative: Running this on a Mac OS leads to the occasional crash about every 25-50 turnsBeautiful, challanging, innovative, and rewarding.9/10 Two headed dog warriors would be exploited again."
76561198013489529,Not Recommended,289130,17555098,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Void_Incarnate,"Great game - with caveats.It's times like this I wish Steam had a more granular recommendation option, because there really is a lot to like about this game. It's gorgeous, the art design is amazing, the playable factions are unique and interesting and the music is also great. The beginning game is a lot of fun (if somewhat daunting for newbies), but the game starts to bog down in the late game. The problem is that the challenges don't scale as you level up, so combat becomes inconsequential, and the game goes from being a fun turn based strategy game into an excruciatingly boring ""resource management"" chore.Master of Magic struck the right balance, with high level enemies and challenges to keep the player engaged. Once you've reached a high enough level in Endless Legend, there is little reason to move your armies around the map, and the game devolves into just allocating your city populations between resource priorities.Still a very good game, if you love spreadsheets."
,Recommended,289130,29416700,Posted: 22 January,all,Jack Bright,This game let me play as a bunch of war obsessed bug men that made giant worms that turned enemies into zombies until they just steamrolled everything that didn't have archers. It's like Civilization had a baby with Warhammer Fantasy Battle and Heroscape. Its basically a wet dream.
,Recommended,289130,23213572,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Hunger4Dreams,"Endless Legend is a fantasy turn-based strategy game. It is comparable to Civ in some senses but the differences are what makes this game worth it.The graphics are amazing and the varying visuals for each faction gives the feel you would want from a fantasy game.There are less factions than there are in Civ, but each one changes the gameplay so much that it makes the race to victory different every time you play. For example one faction gains less food but makes up for it by being able to earn stockpiles (worth ~100 food) by killing enemies. Another faction can only build 1 city but can recruit minor factions to work for them.There are many paths to a victory and it can range fom 150 turn games to 300 turn games or even more.Each faction has their own quests in addition to the general quest that everyone recieves, and there are even group quests that all factions can take part in or sometimes race over.You can also choose wether you want to control the fights or if it is a clear win you can automate the fight.A learning curve as it is a very complex game. A point system shows how far each team is in their development, but do not fear if you fall behind a few points as there will be chances to catch up by paying attention to the strong points of your faction and work with that.There are also regions that you settle in, and once that region is taken it is owned by the person who owns that settlement. That is until another faction takes over so making sure to have units defending the base is essential, since if they attack and you only have the militia to defend then there goes a while city of income."
76561198025937906,Recommended,289130,10013805,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Tzardok,"Amazing! This is a gem in the making, it has become one of my favorites in my library.I have played a full session of Endless Legend. The game is pretty far ahead for its early access tag (wish others would follow their example).The game is still buggy here and there, but most issues can be corrected by reloading when they happen. I have played only the Broken Lords faction, but fought against all others in the same session (4 out of 8 available for now), went epic with a large scale map. I enjoyed the mission structure in this game, it can be ignored, but if you dive into it you will earn serious rewards (main quests in particular) and learn a little more of the lore. The story of my character for the Broken lords is actually well written, I wished there would be a little more to it as it caught my attention and imagination as it is mostly original which is rare now days.Gameplay is fun and has a dinamic feel to it despite its turn based structure. Army deployment for each battle gives a nice touch as pieces of the board spread to fill the section of the battlefield, battles play out as expected but are more tactical (which in my opinion is great), leaving strategy to the empire portion of the game.There is a summer and winter season. During winter your troops and empire struggle until the next summer season, making managing resources important as they are more limited. Fraquinly this creates some elaborate strategies as you need to prepare for winter and try to advance during summer when troops can see and walk farther per turn, you can push thru during winter, but it can be challenging getting back to defend a point if needed.Minor factions can be assimilated and there are a lot of them already (there seems to be more coming, hopefully a lot  more as I got spoiled by them and need more!), they add a lot of flavor to a session and are very different one from another (lore/looks wise, unique units will fall into infantry, cavalry, support, ranged or flying). Loved this concept and is the first time I see minor factions in a game like this one working the way they do, they are more than just background, some territoies need to be taken from them by force and they do put up a nice fight or you can negotiate peace and solve issues via quest or the good old captalism bribe, dealing with them in battle can sometimes be difficult, which is awesome for the small challenge they present aside from the main empires (its possible to completely crush your opposition if you are like me, playing to become ""ultimate"", but its a lot of turns and by then nobody will mess with you!).Diplomacy does not seem to be working well yet (seems not to respond most times aside from declaration of war and close/open borders), which is a pitty, but again the game is barely out and we already got some decent patches to address some problems, my guess is that diplomacy fix will follow soon.The experience was so good that I decided that they have earned my time and a positive review from me, in all honesty I did not expect such a great game. If you have played Endless Space, I must say I enjoyed Endless Legend a lot more, a lot more indeed.I will give a few days for next patch and try another session, the game is really addicting to me under the one more turn syndrome.If you have the time and want to try / create an incentive for something different, then by all means give this one a chance, it still needs a lot of things which are not available yet, so keep this in mind. Still its amazing how far along this game is."
,Recommended,289130,14741875,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,WeirdOrange,Like Civ without Gandhi.11/10
76561197999379421,Recommended,289130,12220272,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,NijAAlba,"Amazing 4x strategy game with some fresh wind in its sails. The factions are really unique, especially considering every one of them has it's own story through the normal game. Options to equip your troops with researched equipments add a lot of variabilities to your army and strategic options for the fights. The option to build your own factions out of all the available boni and mali make sure, you can play as whatever faction you want.The graphical aspects are spot on and the game overall seems pretty polished. If you have played civilization and endless space, you know what awaits you anyways: an almost perfect fusion.9/10easily, with the right decisions in an expansion even the 10 would be reachable!"
,Recommended,289130,12203264,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Shoitaan,"Good lord, where to start with this game…Oh I know, this game is crack and singlehandedly ruining my PhD so I’m uninstalling it >: (If this is a genre you’re familiar with then this game should hold serious appeal. It has taken everything the developers did right with their previous attempt, Endless Space and mixed with the best parts of Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic. While the game isn’t perfect, there’s very few things that can’t be fixed with patches and what is there now is absolutely amazing (and super addictive).There is one small exception that might turn a lot of people off so I’ll get that out of the way first:“Spreadsheeting”Large aspects of the game does in many ways rely on you looking at various numbers and trying to make the right numbers bigger. This is a turn off to a lot of people but I think it works well particularly as which number you are trying to make bigger can change drastically from each play through based on current circumstance and race selection (more on this later). But, you can’t deny the fact that the glitz and glamour of the graphics and the great flavour of the game simply hide a form of database management. FYI, that is totally, leaning towards unjustifiably harsh phrasing but a good summary of what you’ll be doing from mid-game onwards.But, you still love every moment of it.Why?1)	Fantastic FlavourThe story, the art, the settings and the music all come together in a fantastic way to make Endless Legend have a world that is both interesting to explore and “live in”. In particular, each of the factions have extremely distinct visual styles, units and play styles that really make you want to experience the game through each of their eyes. Add to that a reasonably interesting quest chain unique to each faction, and you have a lot to grab your attention for the first many playthroughs.2)	Great GameplayQuips about spreadsheet simulation aside, the game dresses up the numbers enough so you won’t feel it unless you really hate numbers in your games. Otherwise, you’ll be quite happily:- swapping people through the five different production (Food, Industry, Dust/aka Wealth, Science, Influence) types and managing construction queues trying to optimise each cities outputs to match your current objectives;-	Producing enough Influence (while still trying to maximise other outputs) so you have enough to buy bonuses when you have a chance to change your 20-year empire plan;-	While also using that same resource to bargain for peace and technology from enemies;-	Fiddling with the equipment load-outs of your heroes and infantry units making sure you have the optimal balance of damage, skill, speed and defense;-	While also making sure you’re not sacrificing better special abilities in favour of better stats;-	Trying to figure out  which minor AI faction would be optimal to incorporate into your empire for the best passive bonuses vs which factions give you better mercenary units;-	Working out how to get elevation bonus during the actual battles and trying to get your hero in range for the point blank bonus without coping a poisoned hit from a –GAH, THIS GAME!!3)	Compelling CampaignsA follow up from point 1 is the play styles of the playable faction. As mentioned before, most of them play significantly differently so the game always stays fresh. There’s a faction that doesn’t produce food but instead consumes wealth to grow and heal. There’s another where you flat out can’t declare war but you can ban people from using the global market restricting them from buying/selling resources or recruiting heroes. There’s another which is the only one that allows you to cast spells on the global map while another will only allow you to have ONE city the entire game. Though these seem like the extremes, even the ‘somewhat’ more normal factions such Vaulters or Necrophages have strange and interesting quirks (holy resource vs corpse consumption) that make small but interesting and important changes to their gameplay.But this game is still far from perfect. On top of the spreadsheeting problem mentioned earlier, this game still has a very steep learning curve and a tutorial that explains very little beyond the basics of gameplay. For example, only during my third of fourth play through during the early access period did I figure out how to trade with other empires. Another example is the aforementioned Vaulters with their holy resource. I had to google what that implied as nowhere in the game was I clearly told what it was, what it did and why I was an idiot for trying to play the campaign without selecting a holy resource (and how to do that!). The game also crashed at least 1-2x each play through but this as well as some of the problems I mentioned can and hopefully will be patched over time.All in all, this game is fun, flavourful and addictive as all hell and I very highly encourage fans of the 4x/”grand strategy” to check it out. Just make sure you don’t have anything important to do anytime soon…"
76561197968598809,Recommended,289130,25293589,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Looks like Duke,"It is unique 4x game. If you do not want all the same, old formula of Civ and MOO, and yet still be pure 4x game, then try this game, you will not regret."
76561198040088527,Recommended,289130,31775399,Posted: 15 May,all,k.lageveen,"It's an almost perfect execution of the 4x concept, with distinct factions, excellent writing, a lot to do, read and research."
76561198007362542,Recommended,289130,12185114,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,dweber31,"So I've only had the game one weekend, But I did finish a campaign.  And since this is a turn-based 4x strategy game with a fantasy theme, I'm going to compare to others like Age of Wonders and Elemental.  Endless Legend gives a lot of variety in choices for progression and andvancing your faction.  I really like that city expansion is a planned purposeful event.  Not, I crossed the influence threshold and POOF my city is twice as good as it was before.  Research is not as linear as Civ.  You have to research about half of a lower tier before the next higher tier opens, but you don't have to research them all.  There are only a few unit designs available, infantry, ranged, cavalry, support,  buy you can change up there gear and they get much more powerful.  I haven't decided if I like combat yet.  The game is not as combat focused as AoW so you don't have complete control.  Each turn you give your units a plan and the AI executes.  I haven't played any other games like this so I'm still ambiguous on this piece.  But they did a nice job balancing granular control with avoiding tedious end-game management.  You can que up your production and movement and research and then just keep an eye on it.  The game give good alerting and you can use the alerts to access the management panels you need.  Which is good, because there are a lot of them.If you like the 4x Turn games you will want to give this one a try.  Its different enough that you won't feel you've played it before.  If you are more the fast-paced RTS strat gamer, you won't like this.  Hope this helps!"
76561197968693706,Recommended,289130,31117957,Posted: 13 April,all,ashbery76,"Now the A.I was improved since the terrible release state which made the game unfun as it had no idea how the play the game and mechanics I have give the game its proper credit.I can say this is one the best 4x games ever.Belongs up there with AplhaCentuari for a non historical game that gives great world building,factions and asymmetrical gameplay.Most sci/fantasy 4x games are bland in theme but not this.The game is visually amazing and had many innovations.In my top 5 list for 4x games of all time."
76561198055431037,Recommended,289130,30000612,Posted: 17 February,all,MrFuzz,"My absolute favorite 4X strategy game to date! Unbeatable, this game truly masters each step the 4X strategy games are known for! Science Trees arent expansive, but they arent small! Each step taken with Science feels huge, requiring you to use your populace to build, research, grow, appeal, or gather dust! If you have to choose between Civilization V\VI and Endless Legend, choose Endless Legend! Its much more unique, fun, the combat isnt boring nor a chore, people wont declare war for you simply setting foot on their land, Quests that add to the already immense atmosphere and story, a soundtrack to die for, each major faction you play as feel entirely different (Say for the Vaulters and Mezari) my final argument is this. I could spend 5 dollars on the Babylon DLC for Civilization V and it would add Nebuchadnezzar II Babylon to play as in game. In Civilization, you shall play different depending on your civilization, however, it doesnt feel different! This is the fatal flaw. 5 dollars for DLC, yea thats an okay price, 12 bucks? ♥♥♥♥, they better have content, and they sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥do! for 12 dollars you can buy the Tempest DLC, Shifters DLC, or Forgotten DLC, 2 dollars less and you can purchase The Guardians DLC, 3 dollars the amazing soundtrack AND the expanded version. The Forgotten, Tempest, and Shifters DLC do FAR more than just add Factions, no, Tempest allows expansion of your rule to the Seas! YES! YOU CAN RULE THE SEAS! AND The story for the Mogawr is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! Yes this adds music to the soundtrack too! I cant even list the other two other than the Shifters having Orbs, the likes of which you use to create altars to the goddess/land Auriga that adds huge bonuses! The Forgotten is where Espionage comes into play! The Shifter adds The Alayi, arguably the coolest looking faction, The Forgotten add the, well, Forgotten, with a tale of vengence!All in all 10\10!! Best 4X strategy game ive ever played, I love it to death!"
,Recommended,289130,31329511,Posted: 23 April,all,Chetfreeze,"TL;DR - AI can be dumb and underwhelming but game fun and unique none the less.The game is really fun but the AI military wise is utterly pitiful. E.g. At endgame I was using the base melee soldiers ( Didnt know there was soldier custimazation till I saw the soldier naming endgame of enemies that run) as the Vaulters going againest the Vaulter reskin and everyone else and completly steamrolling their revised 27 time soldiers and heroes. The AI in diplomatic situations can be rather stupid sometimes, I call for peace early game, They break it and go cold war even though it says ""Fears Your military might"" under their name, its also quite hard to acually make a beneficial deal (For me) with them at any given moment.Dont get me wrong tho, everything else made in the  game was great; The sea forts, Winter, questing, districts, how territory is divided, policies, market, governers, Krakens or some seprent thing thats cool none the less, custimization, unique tech tree options, tribes, looks great, great spelling, many endings, and etc..."
76561197996765927,Recommended,289130,24323567,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Iopy69,"This game is great, if you enjoy strategy games and games like Civilization V you should enjoy this. Worth a buy 100%."
,Recommended,289130,13286661,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,FletchLives,"I recently picked up Beyond Earth and actually enjoyed it quite a bit, despite the well worn complaints already voiced in other reviews.  It's a good game, whose worst offense is being the next (perhaps overly streamlined) game in the revered Civilization franchise. For me, perhaps the best thing about Beyond Earth is that it led me to discover Endless Legend.I am finding this to be a better game than Beyond Earth for some of the following reasons:- The 8 major factions in the game are all very distinct and feel quite different from each other- There are 8 victory conditions vs. 5 in Beyond Earth (3 of which felt very similar)- Hero units that level up and equip items!- Quests that are more interesting, including unique quest lines for each faction- There is a market place where you can buy and/or sell resources, units and more heroes!- The UI contains a lot more information and there are tooltips on everything- Winter...brrrrrrr- $15 cheaper- And much, much more!!!If I could travel back in time and was forced to choose between Beyond Earth and Endless Legend knowing what I do now, I would go with Endless Legend hands down.  If you only have room in your life for one new 4X game this year, this is the way to go!"
,Recommended,289130,13104881,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Rhaegor,"I am not sure how this one slipped under my radar, but I just picked it up on sale and am havin a blast.  Excellent graphics, unique gameplay features that really make it different than Civ5 or CivBE and other games in the genre.  The quest system is great.  Character development with skills and gear is really well done.  In my opinion this game is much better than CivBE."
,Recommended,289130,12191025,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,hochdorff,"1. The art is beutiful.2. The mechanics are easily understood...3. ...still complex enough to keep things interesting.4. It is a 4x game with a working diplomacy system.5. Each faction feels unique.6. The elevation system on the map is well executed and adds to the strategy component.7. Round-based fighting system.8. An interesting story line within the Endless universe.9. Even though it is a Civ V clone, it has its own uniqueness with the empire, region and minor faction mechanic.10. It has quests....and most importantly, it is a ton of fun!Update 2014/09/29There is one subjective downside for me: When the game ends, there is no nicely narrated and illustrated epilogue, just one graphic. Its a small detail, but if that would be added it would round the game up pretty nicely."
76561198062665165,Recommended,289130,34274467,Posted: 16 August,all,Taglion,"My friends and I played a lot of Civ5 together, and still do to this day. But when I saw some YouTubers playing this game about 2 years ago, I had to check it out. Since then, I've just absolutely loved playing it. I don't get much time to play these sorts of games, as they obviously do take a while, but what little I get to play this game I whole-heartedly enjoy! My only wish is that some of my friends would get this game too so I can finally play multiplayer and share this incredible experience with them!The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is a lot more in-depth and enjoyable than Civ, and the fact that it is fantasy means that there was a lot more the developers could do with this game. I still haven't even played as all of the factions yet, but from the ones I have played, I really enjoyed every match. The factions are so diverse that every game you play will be totally unique and feel like a completely different experience! Would definitely reccommend!"
,Recommended,289130,12324031,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Cosah,"Possibly the best fantasy 4x strategy game out there right now. I look forward to any additional content that makes it into this game. More races would be a blast. True depth adds to the replayability. Rather than 30 units that are all approximately analogous to those of another player, each race has 3 distinct units that can be kitted out to fill a variety of specialty niches. The aesthetic is warm, smooth, and a sight for sore eyes when it comes to the 4x genre. The art is there. If you like turn based games at all, strategy, tactical, or even rpg, Endless Legend will give you hours of quality entertainment."
76561197997764520,Recommended,289130,12276875,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Audiodragon,"What a fantastic game this is!To put is simply, it is HoMaM and Civilization put together, with the emphasis on HoMaM.This game has a very unique art and concept, it plays on a grand world map that is beatiful and in 3d, and you try to raise your empire while battling with other civilizations. There are tons of things to read, to learn, to explore the world, and you want to do it because the game engrosses you with its music and history and visuals.This is a game to play on a Sunday evening while it is raining outside, with your cup of tea or coffee next to you, and simply relax."
,Recommended,289130,26305675,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dairy,Amazing 4X game. The gameplay is interesting and diverse enough to keep you busy having fun for countless hours at a time. The DLC or Expansions add a substantial amount of content which only improves the already great game.I most definitely reccommend this game to anyone who is looking for a strategic game to engross themself in. If you're not looking for that; you should get it anyway because the game is pretty darn good.
76561198006983080,Recommended,289130,25102117,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,gg gamer,Not the best 4x game ever played but the most refreshing one no doubt. Lots to love about this new take on the genre. Worth the support of the developers and hoping for more experiences in the future
76561198008260349,Recommended,289130,12145661,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Shubacka66,"The game is very well made, one can se the deveoper have made his best to create a great game, however, even though this is a very nice game indeed, I feel things could have been better, one thing I think could have been much better is the battle system, I feel this is dumbed down, and there isn't much tactics in it from the players point of view, you can chose from defencive, offencive stance and thats about it, then the computer carries out the strategy against the enemy and all you do is aiming, this really takes away the tactical strategy from the player, it does not allow him to think for him self and attack in different angles, attack flanks etc, so in that sense it is dumbed down, after some time doing that over and over again, you will get boored, I would have loved it a lot better if there where a simular battle system to the one ages of wonder 3 have, further, I think the graphics of this game is over rated, it is played on a hexagon map with very rough edges, the montains don't look like montains at all, more like a more modern version of Minecraft, other than that, it hava a good dept to city building and research. overall I do recommend this game, it could have been better but I guess you can't have everything."
76561198010794663,Recommended,289130,23994869,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,NihilusWolf,"Honestly, the best 4X game I've ever played.  You don't get sucked down by complicated rules and the game has such variety that it allows you to play many different ways.  With the recent bug fixes, the game is very polished.  The art is beautiful and the quests/stories are interesting.  Playing with the AI can become a decent pasttime, but if you can get several friends into this, it is hugely entertaining.The assymetrical balance of the factions really provides a meaningful playstyle but certainly does not limit you on your goals.  The combat CAN appear a bit dated, but where it lacks in execution, it makes up for in alternatives.  There are several other features that I find unique to EL that have not been done in 4X before but I will leave spoilers out for the sake of new players.I first saw this game on the store page earlier in the year and it caught my interest.  The only game I was exposed to at the time from Amplitude was Dungeon of the Endless and I appreciated the classic dungeon-style gameplay.  At some point, I decided to take a chance with the purchase and was left astonished at what an accomplishment this game was.Please take the time to play this game!  There is surely one or two appealing things I'm sure will keep bringing you back to this game should you choose to buy it."
76561198012070982,Recommended,289130,17357051,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Boogaloobob,"Of course if you do NOT like 4x strategy games don't listen to me telling you that you should be playing this game.Although it is a game that will definitely MAKE you  love 4x strategy games. It's colourful, arty world, filled with awesome creatures, beautifully rendered and immersive gameplay. Yeah: research, but this time you really know why you would want to research something instead of just clicking something that will probably be ok, but god knows if it would be  the right choice for this very moment. And yeah: conquering, but the fight system is refreshing and well thought out, high on tactics, as it should be.  And yeah: managing: This game has THE single most comprehensive management system I've seen in a long, long (eh.... Heroes of might and magic 3???) time. In other words: Endless legend has it all:  Choices that have an impact the way you thought it out, fights that are really interesting, a world full of loveable and intense creatures, tactical choices all around to keep you busy, but the info needed to make those choices is readily availlable and comprehensive.  So if you don't like 4x strategy games you could be forgiven for not playing this, but you would be a fool nevertheless."
76561198011767672,Not Recommended,289130,25369996,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Scarlet Pumpernickle,"This is one of those situations where the a-typical steam system of ""Thumbs up or thumbs down"" doesn't really work. This game isn't made badly, and I would recommend it to some people. But overall, this game was vastly overblown and overrated, at least from a strategic point of view.1. Graphics were ok, but not great. I did really like the artwork and the way the world looked, but it has a lot of tearing and graphical issues. Nothing so sevre it will ruin the game, but enough to note.2. Music was actually pretty cool. It's always nice to hear a new soundtrack instead of hearing songs I know I heard on my PS2 games. This was easily the best part of the game.3. Story for the game, while well written, is delivered poorly. It's 2016; time to actually record voice tracks and make cut scenes, not just constantly throw text boxes at us. This is a common complaint in multiple genres, and it outright confuses me why this games community is so forgiving. The bland delivery prevents any of the stories from feeling different.4. Gameplay is a strange thing to me. I WANTED to enjoy it. I put effort into learning this game and really tried to see the joy, but every campaign ultimate leads to the same place. Difficulty settings have huge curves between them. Easy is boring, normal is unforgiving. After hours of research, I found that most who are good at this game A. Copied someone elses strategy and B. Save scummed to hell. The difficulty is not provided by clever AI who utilize the rules of this game and world, but rather they get military and economic buffs.I ran two campaigns that had a 6th faction (I was playing against 5 comps) screw everything. The game was actually fun for the bulk of the campaign. I had cool wars, overcame adversity, and when I was almost crushed outright, I managed to claw my way back and win. It was a blast... until I encountered the bug faction. They had not warred with anyone, yet had higher level troops. They had NONE of the higher end resources (not even tier 1), so how they controlled so much and could have so many while producing so little was beyond me. By the end of the campaign, he overran us with much larger armies (this faction got 14 per army to all the rest of us having 8) and crushed the campaign. It wasn't fun or interesting, it was aggitating. I don't mind losing to a strong opponent. But this is supposed to be a strategy game, how does having no resources or battles result in better armies? This is evidence that tactics and actual strategy do not come into play here. Resource domination and harassment is a very common tactic in games and even IRL, so why it is almost meaningless in this game is beyond me.5. Combat is TERRIBLE. The battle system is a bad minigame by any other games standards. If you have ever played Sid Meir's Pirates and invaded a city, you experienced a better battle system. Most mobile games are better. The strategies are all based on bad mechanics, and the AI will exploit these bad mechanics to force troops to follow them in a mosh pit style circle. Almost anything would have been better than this.Honestly? I did have some fun with this game. But the last third of every campaign I played turned an otherwise enjoyable game for me into a burden or a chore. I WANT to like this, and I want to recommend it. That's ultimately what frustrated me so bad about this game. My desire to enjoy it was smothered by bad campaign structure.And I would actually recommend this to people of a certain taste. I have friends who love games that are extremely time consuming and daunting, and I'm sure they would enjoy it. But for gamers of my taste and desire, this game is not going to provide you the tactical planning and strategic objectives you're looking for.In closing, I know this review will be receiving a 0% helpfulness rating. For some strange reason, the X4 genre can produce pure garbage (not nessicarily this game, but I'm referring to others) and never receive an ounce of criticism. It's a strange enigma, that's for sure.I wrote this review as best I could to avoid complaining and simply try to warn gamers of my taste not to buy it because it will not provide an experience they will enjoy. Right now, I'm sure there's someone like me who's more about tactics > micromanagement looking at purchasing this game, and the reviews for this game are extremely misleading in this regard. Do yourself a favor if you're looking at this game, do more research than you would for the average video game, because this game isn't a clear cut case of universal appeal.In the end I will resist rating this by Good/Bad or by 1-10/10. It's not that simple. It's actually a good game that's well constructed, I just think it's being marketed to a vast number of people who are just not going to like it. I'd like to help those individuals spend their money on something they will actually enjoy."
76561197998178980,Not Recommended,289130,12191438,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Hormiga,"This game has potential and has a lot going for it... but I can't recommend it.Pros:-An amazing world with lots of unique minor/major factions, creatures, improvements, technology and terrain-Nice graphics, the game just looks really nice. The world art has a ""Game of Thrones"" feel to it.. and it isn't over done. Seems to fit well and looks great.Cons:-Pacing. The game is incredibly slow. I have started a few games and other factions pretty much never attack. On top of that it is difficult to ramp up your economy to field an army. I found my self restarting or quiting games because my one and only Army would get wiped out by neutrals (which are very aggressive).-Unit Variety. Each faction gets 3 units. Sure you can create and upgrade units but they all look the same and only vary slightly. Compare this to the unit creation in Fallen Enchantress (for example) where you can make virtually any unit you wanted AND change the colors of their clothing. Also there only seems to be ""damage"" not broken down to different types (fire, shock, cold, etc).... in fact the entire unit creation seemed very tacked on and shallow.-Bugs. Lots and lots and lots of crashing. Especially after about 30 turns or so. The long a game is the more frequent crashes occur.In conclusion the game has an amazing world and some good art direction but the game play is fairly pedestrian. The AI seems weak and bland, with aggressive factions just wondering around (seriously even the corspe-eaters didn't attack). The more I played the more I found myself just playing to see how I could build up a city or exploit a resource... or just explore the world while my neighbors just flounder around. I guess that might be ok but it just gets incredibly boring.Don't buy this game until it gets more fleshed out or the price comes down."
,Recommended,289130,12170885,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,cassembler,"UPDATE: Have played much more now.SUMMARY: 4x fan? Must-try.A very compelling package. Strong strategic combat elements, polished presentation, unexpected depth of game options (large-screen GUI, tile geometry, etc.) I think this is right up there - perhaps beyond - the Civ:CTP series as far as new concepts and how it can influence the genre. I'm still exhibiting drug seeking-behavior for playtime..."
76561197978024377,Recommended,289130,12287136,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,shaseki,"A fantasy turned based Civ-themed strategy. It has a large emphasis on research and development to build and expand your empire, along with a linear diplomacy engine. Capturing provinces are eitherby force or negoiation (which is usually in the form of a side quest).The game however fails in the combat sequences where it lacks depth to decison making and overall turn by turn strategy towards tactical control. I hope the developers look into this and update the flawed combat system as the game has true potential with its already polished look.Civ fans will enjoy this game whilst Might & Magic fans may not. (6.5/10)"
,Recommended,289130,25877873,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,tieio,I used to think that Civ V was the best 4X game out there. I don't think that anymore.
76561197998444838,Recommended,289130,31600802,Posted: 7 May,all,Renegade Princess,"Very fun 4x game which rewards multiple playthroughs with many new experiences.If you enjoy the base game, I highly recommend getting the DLC expansion packs as well.Great things about this game:- fresh-feeling fantasy setting with sci-fi leanings- really distinct factions that add a lot of variety (especially when playing *as* them)- more interesting combat than many 4x games- expansions can be toggled on and off separately and each adds something really cool to the game- the quests do a really good job of providing short term goals to enjoy while slowly building to one of the victory conditions (and add some nice lore/flavour too)Not everything about how the game works is obvious/intuitive. If you have ambitions of playing/winning on the harder difficulty levels don't be shy about consulting some guides to clarify how things work and/or get tips."
76561197966664228,Recommended,289130,27986009,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Djtooth,"This game is one of the few contenders to the civilization series, and honestly this game has Civ5 beat.Far better combat, and a more interactive city growth system.9/10"
76561198029013723,Recommended,289130,30794103,Posted: 28 March,all,hoser9452,Beautifully rendered Civilization/4x stlye game. Extreme replay-ability due to the many varied factions. Manual is OK but a bit sparse with info. Isuggest you watch a few You Tube videos for tips.The diversity of the game factons makes for a better experience than Civ and the art work is vastly superior IMO. You will lose time immersed in playing one more round. Sleep? What's that?
76561198139382094,Recommended,289130,26886744,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,johnc422,One of the best 4x turn based games i have played
76561198010423636,Recommended,289130,22393704,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,blizzard5314,"Easily the greatest 4x I've played in a very long time.The factions are all truly unique and complex, and aren't just a single mold with a unique building or unit here or there. Want something a little different? Try the Broken Lords, whose population is conjured with resources instead of grown, and produce no food themselves. Or try the Forgotten, who can't research, but can only advance technology from trade, purchase, or (best of all) grand theft. Or try playing as the Cult of the Endless and see how you faire with only being able to build a single city. You have a lot of options here.The amount of support the devs have shown after launch is phenomenal, and their creativity is bottomless. I thought they had pretty much expended their ideas after the Shadows expansion, and now we have the Allayi...This game breathes atmosphere, and each faction has its own reasons for wishing to save/exploit/destroy Auriga. The lore is interesting, as are the multitudes of minor factionsA warning, though. The combat isn't bad, but it is certainly a little wonky. It seems to be a make-or-break system for a lot of people, but it's quite interesting if you can get the hang of it. Initiative is key. :)Secondly, the AI is pretty dumb. It's good to cut your teeth on, but after a while you'll grow tired of its lack of tactics. There are some factions (The Forgotten in particular) that I don't feel it actually knows how to play at all. Bring your friends. Stomp through them together. Or stomp each other. The diplomacy system is very well put together, and doesn't feel tacked-on to fill out a checklist like it seems in many others of its type, so you can use it to your full advantage.Thirdly, the quest system is a little tiresome. After one long game, you probably won't be seeing any you haven't already seen the next time you play. It would be nice to have many more to enhance variety in individual play-thrus. Also, the addition of large-scale, world-changing events is cool, but they also lack variety. Once you know them all, you'll simply be waiting for them to happen again, and they will. Enjoy seeing Minor Faction, Major Pain pop up in every game you play, and hopefully not too early in it ;)A few minor gripes aside, there's an amazing game in here with endless (get it?) replay value. I've never had a 4x hold my attention for so long. Huuuuuge recommendation."
76561197970685729,Recommended,289130,12042506,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Lucifer,"The first thing you'll notice about Endless Legend is that it is beautiful. There is so much detail in every aspect of this game that it doesn't matter if you're looking at the map, a city overview menu or staring at a loading screen, you will have something beautiful to gaze at.The game play is a fantastic blend of strategy games like the Civilization series and Lords of the Realm series. The map is laid out with hex-grid tiles filled with amazing beauty and detail. All having different qualities, terrain type, resources, anomalies and FIDS output (Food, Industry, Dust (money) and Science). Then the map is fractured into regions which, when settling a city, the player takes control of including any resources and Minor Factions that fall inside the regions borders. The Minor Factions are neutral creatures that, if left unchecked, will gain in strength and launch attacks on anyone near by. These factions can be attacked, bought out or parlayed with in order to pacify them. The player can then assimilate the faction of that region to gain useful bonuses to their empire.Combat goes beyond the Civilization unit verses unit battles. Combat is played out in a hex-grid turn based mini game inside the actual game itself. Allowing for far greater strategy involved in the battles, as a weaker army may lure a stronger army into terrain that will be an advantage for them.There are other aspects and features in Endless Legend that are pretty much on par with other games of this nature, building structures in cities needs little explaination, as does researching new technologies. Though one very interesting feature is the way cities 'grow'. The player is able to chose where to build expansions to their cities by building a certain structure. The area gained by the completion adding to the cities over all FIDS output.Then you have the different Races. If you have at all played Amplitude Studios other great strategy Endless Space, you will undoubtably know they have a knack for creating fantastic and interesting Races, with different strengths, weaknesses, play styles and stories. Endless Legend goes a step further, with some Races having entirely unique playstyles to others. For example, one such faction has no food output what so ever, instead Dust (or money) is used to 'buy' population for their cities. Slow at first, but an economic player will find that they can quickly become very industrious. Then there is a Race that CANNOT be at peace with anyone. They can remain in the 'cold-war' state OR go to war with everyone they meet because their units gain strength and power the more players you are at war with.Needless to say, i was amazed with Endless Legend. For the price you can not go wrong, assuming you are into turn based strategy games. It is beautiful. It is different and feels unique. It is easily worth every single cent it's modestly asking for.Endless Legend. Legendary..."
,Recommended,289130,33149383,Posted: 2 July,all,Chewy / SporksAreGoodForYou,"I'm still in my first game, around turn 100, but so far, there's nothing to hate, except the lack of in-game help. I should say, tooltips are INSANELY good, but only once you understand the mechanics. Be prepared to do a little reading/viewing (there are lots of guides by now).Models up close are pretty appalling, but you won't spend much time in the unit editor, comparatively, and they're perfect from a distance in the world map (which is also gorgeous) and combat. On which note, combat itself is really nicely implemented. Turn-based tactical. Again, difficult to wrap your head around the intricacies, but excellent once you have.I consider the sign of a good game whether or not I want to replay it when I'm not yet finished. And I do with this. Very much.Edit: I thought combat was slow, but Groo commented that you can speed it up in the game lobby (only before the game starts). There are actually lots of amazing options in there."
,Recommended,289130,29680473,Posted: 3 February,all,Argeist,"Simply put, it's like Civ but...-The city management is much more interesting and complex. It's very cool imo.-The other empires are a bit less shoot first ask questions later and diplomacy is more interesting.-The art is a whole lot better and the lanscapes are more interesting.-The natural resources are more useful and varied, plus luxury resources actually provide a useful benefit instead of a static +4 happiness.-Minor factions are like city states but don't constantly have to be appeased, and they only provide their effect if you have colonized their region.-You can customize your units and create different versions for different purposes.-The combat system is fantastic. Instead of roaming units you have armies composed of units that actually have a strategic battle whenever they engage. It's a hyrbid between real time and turn based as the units attack in order of initiative. I wish I could choose things like move order or move then attack (like kiting with ranged units) but overall its a lot more interesting than Civ.-Empires feel more unique.There's a lot more I could have said about this game, but so far I'm loving it. If you enjoyed Civ 5, then this game is for you. It has a learning curve though, Every time I play I get a bit better but still haven't won. As an owner of both this and Civ 6, in my personal opinion this is more like what Civ 6 should have been."
,Recommended,289130,30056152,Posted: 20 February,all,Jaqueri,Beautiful and Simplistic. Ai on Endless actually thinks. So overall it's a good 4x with some different elements and you can easily sit and play for hour upon hour.
,Recommended,289130,30045404,Posted: 19 February,all,๖ۣۜMagic Bunny,I feel like this is better than Civ. Its basically the intensity of Civ with aspects of EU and then quite a bit of its own thing. Definetly recomment 10/5.
76561197987838464,Recommended,289130,34788545,Posted: 6 September,all,madrigal,I really liked this game.  It takes some careful planning in order to win.  The many different NPC races are really imaginative.   The player races are very different in play-style so I enjoyed playing all of them.  I enjoyed the battle strategy detail and the batttle animations are interesting.  I didn't use the auto-resolve feature very much.  It's similar to Civ V in that the late game tends to drag if you are going for a Science victory or a Wonder victory.   The other victory types are more fun.  I was disappointed at the end of the Wonder and Quest victories that there were no cool finale graphics or animations.  The game just abruptly ends.
76561198051313680,Not Recommended,289130,15630049,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,varuna,"The graphic detail is really great and the factions are interesting.  My giving it a thumbs down comes from a couple of key issues.  1. The research options aren't as tactically linked as Civ 5, it's hard to see how your choices are going to offer you any andvantages over your rivals. 2. The way you seige a city  is frustrating, especially if the random army of two, seiges your heavily fortified city with troops and all, halting your production, but no clear way to attack them with any advantage.  Maybe I'm missing something? 3.  The diplomacy part, just seems wrong, you end up having to commit way too much resources to get anything in return, allies switch on a turn for little reason. 4. likely my biggest issue with the game, and maybe it's because of the CIV brainwash, but you don't really exploit tiles in the same way.  You get the whole land mass, your cities have limited growth and yes you can extract resources and so forth, but you just don't have control over the individual hexes.  Just could never feel that my decisions after a 100 turns was driving me to any specific strategic victory.  Yet the AI was getting close to a victory somehow."
76561197975838680,Recommended,289130,12136780,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Tarrinaska,An innovative and highly addicitive game. Love the world too.
76561198059236326,Recommended,289130,11775884,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Andrew Curlutu,"Great fantasy 4x strategy game, do give it a try."
76561198074301956,Recommended,289130,29254989,Posted: 14 January,all,TheLegendaryVan,"Great game in single- and multiplayer mode. Factions are very diverse so no two factions feel alike. Every one has its own strategies on how to build, fight and explore. If you like a fantasy setting  and you enjoy building an empire and seeing it grow over time than you will love this game."
76561197960410401,Recommended,289130,12831660,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,r Y o,"I simply love this gameI got this game a few days ago when I reached all my goals in Civ:BE (win all victory types and at least one on apollo). I am simply amazed. This studio really deserves the praise. The artwort is sooo beautiful. As a webdesigner I can say these are the most beautiful tooltips I have ever seen anywhere. Each one with nice concept art. The handling is also very good. I can´t believe I played a game for 6-8 hours without ever using the keyboard, just my mouse. I also love they didn´t take every single cliché from J.R.R. Tolkien and created something new and completely original such as the cultists. Each combat becomes interesting by using the actual world terrain unlike HoMM where you load into a combat screen. It gives each combat a new strategic variety.The only thing that turned me off at first was, when I saw some early alpha footage and saw the weird landscape geometry and the ugly fog of war. I thought this is a b-title, a Civ wannabe with no original concept. I was so wrong. I decided to give it a chance anyway and I don´t regret it. I wish the studio will make some money to be able to continue this new IP. Imagine if they had more money to spend on voice actors for the AIs and you get a nice voiced cutscene when you achieve a victory. Some time and money invested in something like a Civilopedia would also be nice. Also more money to spend on advertisement because this is truely a hidden gem more people should know about. This is a must have for every 4X lover."
,Recommended,289130,13101663,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,mr_dude_guy,better than beyond earth and cheaper.Unique factions to play as.Exelent graphics and flavor.Max settings on a 10+ year old computer.Fundamentaly new battle mechanics.
,Recommended,289130,14342289,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"After the disappointment for me thta was Endless Space, I picked up Endless Legend with a  bit of trepidation: I had picked up a lot of fantasy 4x games recently (Eador, Age of Wonders 3, Warlock 1 and 2, there's been a lot lately...), but I'd heard great things about Endless Legend. Plus it was on sale.Glad I picked it up. It's easily been the bes tof the lot for me, and a lot of my issues with Endless Space are either not present or solved here.Endless Legend is a fantasy 4x game where you play as one of 8 distinctly different playing races, trying to complete one of many victory styles (Score, Economic, Diplomatic, Science, Supremacy, Elimination, Expansion, Wonder). Each race has its own array of traits and units, and you can also make Custom Races based on the foundation of one of the main races, creating something you'd enjoy playing the most. The races range from diplomatic Drakken (dragon people who can enforce diplomatic treatises), to fast expanding Zerg style bug-men (unable to use diplomacy, Cold War is the best you cna hope for), to Broken Lords (who dont't use food, instead using Dust [Gold] to create new population and heal units!), to the Cultists of the Eternal End (who are a ""Single City Challenge"" civ, unable to settle new cities, but can convert minor civs [city-states, for civ 5 players] to their cause, creating more worked tiles and free units.)The game plays out like most 4x games, on an overworld map, where you deal with thing slike happiness, luxury and strategic resources, making new towns, researching tech, exploring, etc. Endless Legend adds heroes to the mix, which do the usual things you'd expect. They can be made governors of cities, or generals of armies, and will level upa and learn skills to make them better at these things. Endless Legend also uses ""Regions"" to compartmentalize the map and show where you can place cities. Since only one city can be in a region, you find yourself competing for distinct places on the map, rather than a nebulous ""this area by the iron and 2 diamonds"". It lends theme to the game. Cities also develop interestingly: Rather than a simple influence array that increases, you build physical additions to your city, Boroughs, that will expand the circle of worked tiles. A larger city actually takes up half a dozen tiles or more on the map, which give sit a pysical presence, both out of combat and in combat (more on this in a bit). Building tightly packed cities also levels up your districts, making your cities happier and even more efficient. You cna also find special ruins around the mpas thta will give you quests to perform, giving direction to your expansion actions, and rewarding you for completing them. Minor civs also give quests as one way to pacify them, the other methods being bribing with money, ror simply defeating them.Combat in the game plays out like a middle ground of Age of Wonders/HoMM and Civ. Your armies enter battle, you cna give commands, but your units will perform the command sthemselves, moving and positioning how they please and then firing. Their AI takes over via a player-set stance (Aggressive, Defensive, Hold Ground) if your desired action can't be performed.  The AI is competent in this, and generally tries to keep ranged units in cover and uphill, and flanks and surrounds with melee units, buffing with support units. A human can generally do better, of course, but the AI is good enough to where you never feel like you need to really worry, which is nice. Auto-resolve is also there, of course. A neat thing I enjoyed aobut the combat is that the battlemap is actually the overworld map itself, overlaid into a combat grid, meaning a chokepoint or defensible area on the overworldmap is actually a chokepoint in battle.Talking about combat leads into units... Eahc civilization has three units, but each unit can be equpped with several types of weapon, armor, and accessories, allowing you to customize counter units as needed. Strategic resources are used to create extra-powerful, specialized weapons and armor at the cost of consuming these resources for your elite units.  Minor Civs (city states) can be assimilated into your empire to allow you to create their unit as well, like axe weilding minotaurs, spear using centaurs, chain lightning blasting Haunts, and massive skeletal demons. You can also purchase mercenaries from the marketplace from other civs: Any unit you disband or sell actually oes to the market, where it can be bought by any other player in the game. Unfortunately the marketplace is EXTREMELY expensive for units and heroes, and I found that unless I was playing the trade focused Roving Clans or the money-loving Broken Lords, I mostly ignored the market.Victory Conditions are hit or miss for me. Most of the non-combat ones feel ""boring"".-Score is score. Highest wins.-Diplomacy simply relies on an invisible ""diplomacy points"" counter, where you get extra points for being at peace or an alliance. There's no United Nations, no Apostolic Palace, no civs to influence. It falls a bit short.-Economic victory is much the same - once a player passes a threashhold for total dust gathered across the entire game, they win. Nothing to do with trade routes or global markets or resources.-Science victory relies on researching 5 of the 6 ""super techs"" in the game. To be fair, not much else you can do with a science victory, especially when your ""space race"" victory style is tied up in...-Wonder victories. This is the hallmark victory of the game. Every race has a unique 8 part questline that,as you complete, gives you special race specific techs, unique buildings, hero items, and in some caes heroes themselves. When you complete the questline, you are able to build a unique Wonder that, when completed, gives you victory. Some questlines seem inherently easier to complete than others, and some come off as contradictory: For example, the Roving Clans, a race thta actually cannot declare war themselves (only defend) must conquer another city, often far away and already held by an opponent. You must then passive aggressively annoy the other civ into finally declaring war on you first. The Drakken, a race of peaceful lorekeepers, must also do the same, although here you cna at leats declare war yourself. These are a few small places where the lore of the game and the mechanics don't quite seem to mesh, and it's a shame, because a LOT of work clearly went into this victory.-Expansion victories rely on you colonizing a certain percentage of the entire map. I cannot possibly fathom doing this on even the middle sized maps, or rather: Cannot comprehend doing it without already having wiped out the entire rest of the game militarily. Your happiness would plummet so low it hardly seems worth it to expand that much.-The military victories are the usual lot. Supremacy is being the last civ with a Capital City, and Elimination is the complete destruction of all others.Things the game does not do well: Aside from the victories above, this game maintains a few of the Endless Space oddities that I dislike. Many diplomatic actions are tied up in the tech tree, taking up valuable science from researching thing slike, say, science boosts, or food, or dust, or strategic resource extractors. The market, both resource and unit (thye are separate techs) are also techs, and I find myself ignoring the market in almost eveyr game that I don't start with it as a free tech. It's a shame, really. I also do not often find myself researching the unique strategic resource weapons and armor techs unless I'm the Vaulters, a race that gets bonuses both to their collection, and for units using the Resource Weapons.I would, even with these minor complaints, recommend picking up the game for any fan of th 4x genre."
76561197977258481,Not Recommended,289130,15457836,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Jra,"This game just didn't catch with me. The game was challenging at first, and I enjoyed building the multiple armies and the hero lead battles but I found the process of owning and capturing land to be very simplisitc. Sneak in with a secondary (or third army) and backdoor a few cities and boom, you're large and in charge. The game doesn't offer great depth as each race is pretty much a one trick pony.I found myself bored with it quicker than I had hoped."
,Recommended,289130,13873463,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SaranKhorne,"Same guys that developed Endless Space, but this game is with more interesting stuff. And absolute beautiful graphic."
,Recommended,289130,13938902,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,frank,built a massive army to take over worlddragons 1 hit hero10/10 would cri again
,Recommended,289130,34672576,Posted: 1 September,all,Malgox,"While I’ve never swooned for Civilization, I really fell for its fantasy-themed cousin, Endless Legend. There’s just enough of an RPG layer to keep my interest: not only do you explore, expand, and exterminate, but you direct heroes to go on quests to discover magical artifacts or uncover ancient secrets. It also boasts stunning art, a slick interface and great multiplayer (hint hint)."
76561198024858932,Recommended,289130,24130594,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Eterna1Ice,"A great experience. Of course, Endless Legend couldn't escape comparisons with Civilization V, but, the more you look into it, the bigger the differences of the games are. And to my personal taste, Endless Legend proves to be more enjoyable due to bringing changes to an amazing structure of the genre as it is, yet not being afraid of introducing new mechanics that actually fit in amazingly well.+ The game has its own lore, and it's interesting to say the least;+ Soundtrack is fantastic (but i do think that Civ's is better, a tough one to beat, honestly);+ While the number of playable nations is much smaller (10 against +40 (with DLCs)), the differences between each one of them provide the nations with completely different playstyles. Each of them has its own units (except for colonists), perks that alter your preferences entirely, abilities, some special technologies and visuals and even its own story to complete;+ Fantastic art style;+ RPG elements (that's how i call them anyways) are implemented just right. Quests, heroes, units customization with various items of equipment (weapons and shields are even visible), items have unique stats and even perks. All that just works fluently with strategy elements of the game;+ You get to play with DLCs if the host of the game owns them;? The introduction of a much deeper turn based combat system. It's kind of similar to Heroes of Might & Magic, King's Bounty etc. But it in a way it prevents allies interaction against their enemies and might ruin the flow of the game, i haven't decided myself yet;- Complete the tutorial and off you go! Not a big fan of that. I think they could've done a much better job of introducing all nations with some kinds of scenarios at least. Each nation has a 1 minute intro before the start of the game and main quest kind of helps you to understand what's going on, which is nice, but not enough;- Some of the games' mechanics still feel unpolished.Just try it."
,Recommended,289130,26793317,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,R.,"Civ in a high fantasy setting, gorgeous soundtrack and art style. If you love the CIV games, empire building and turned based strategy this worth checking out!"
,Recommended,289130,29891341,Posted: 12 February,all,pepemustard,"If you like the Civilization games, you'll love this one. For starters, the races in this game (as well as the other Endless games) actually feel unique. It's none of the old, this portrait has +20% bonus to offense, and this other portrait has +20% to defense.The Necrophages can consume dead enemies to increase their population. The Vaulters/Mezari can teleport from one town to the next. The Ardent Mages can create pillars (aka cast spells) to give bonuses to the terrain. The Broken Lords don't even use food, but instead consume dust (money) in order to increase their population. That's just a few examples, but each faction has something that the others don't.You can upgrade the equipment of both your heroes, and troops. Both of them also gain experience, and become stronger as they level up. Some games you can go the entire game, with the same two units you started with. If you upgrade their equipment right, your one army could potentially crush city after city. Likewise, the AI can do the same to you. There is an emphasis on quality over quantity in this game. Which I like. Gone are the days of micromanaging 300 units.Advanced technologies are unlocked through an Era system. Each Era is like unlocking a new block of technologies. You have to research a certain amount of technologies, before the next Era becomes unlocked. Now it's not a set amount from one Era to do that. For example, you don't need 9 Era II techs to unlock Era III. 18 techs overall will unlock the next Era. This is balanced by having the cost of researching a tech increase after every one you've researched. Unlocking the mercenary market might have been a 60 point cost at first, but by the fourth Era it costs thousands. It seems a bit weird, but it actually balances the tech progression nicely.Each faction has their own unique units. However, there are minor factions in every territory. If you conquer/pacify them and assimilate them, you can then create and customize their unique units the same way you can with your own. Combat itself is a slightly hands off approach. Once it's initiated, you can tell your units where to move, and who to attack. Once you've set up your plan for the turn, the AI plays it out one unit after the next. The unit with the highest initiative goes first, and it keeps playing out like that until the unit with the lowest initiative finishes its turn.The FIDS system (food/industy/dust/science) is pretty straightforward. Food feeds the population, industry speeds up city production, science speeds up research, and dust is money, you can't live without it. Cities have a Civilization like feel, where you can put the population in whatever area you're lacking in to boost production. You can also expand your cities by building the Borough Streets. Every tile provides some form of FIDS. So finding a good starting point for your city, and the right direction for expansion is key. The more tiles your city has, the more it counts against that city's morale. Trust me. Happy citizens are very productive citizens. Productive citizens are more important than a huge city.All in all, it's a great game IMO. The DLCs are definitely worth it, as they add a good deal of content to the game. Adding more to the winter phase, adding massive units known as guardians, more factions, espionage, building epic wonders, and even unlocking sea exploration and combat.  Maybe wait for a sale to snag them, because it does add up to more than the base game. The base game though still has a lot of replay value for those that want to wait for the DLC prices to drop.Plus, there are mods......"
76561198013052531,Recommended,289130,28520003,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Informer,"Incredible turn-based empire building game. Sort of a fantasy Civ that doesn't follow the tired cliches we have seen a billion times (elves, humans, undead, green guys, etc). Art and design are very refreshing. The world map is beautiful.Gameplay is solid. Good level of challenge even without going into the high difficulties. Winter dynamic adds an interesting twist.The developpers seem to really care about their games and put a lot of effort into asking for feedback and applying it to the game design. Impressive considering they are a small studio.Some might find that the number of units per race is low (4 + heros)  but I guess its a design choice to keep it simple. On the other hand they can be customized.Highly reccomended. Must-play if you are a strategy or turn-based fan."
76561198200735891,Recommended,289130,31395672,Posted: 27 April,all,Spark,"This game is amazing.ProsGreat diversity in factions,( no copy past apart from a reskinned version of vaulters,but that was  flc.). One faction can only have one city, another can have no positive diplomacy. Each of these lead to totally diffrent play styles.Amazing pre game conditions- you can change a rough what the map will look like, how many factions, even what victories can be used.Dlc actually adding new mechanics- I don't know about some people but I hate doc that are just literally selling a reskinned race we already have. But their dlc add so many new things, spy system, naval combat, and massive overpowered units that can wipe out entire armies.Customizable army- you can change around the load out of all your units making them to your play style. Make your units out to be tanks, or a glass cannon that you don't care about but want to deal damage.ConsCombat is a little shallow- I personally like the combat, but I know that not a ton of people will like telling units who to attack then watch it happen. Also no real spells or specail abilitys, only buffs or add on due to switch a units weapon.Bugs- I have encountered no bugs a part from a flickered screen for 1 sec. But some poeple have runned into several bugs. Not game breaking but annoying.AI- the ai can be a push over at times, to get at least a huge challenge you need to play on hard or endless.I find this game a great 4x and it is the first 4x I've played. ( apart from civ beyond earth demo.) I find it fun a challenging I will keep playing for a supper long time.I dident touch on mutlyplayer much because I haven't experienced it a ton. I've been playing a game with a friend and haven't experienced anything game breaking, but I haven't finished it yet"
76561198165783767,Recommended,289130,33194934,Posted: 3 July,all,pc masterace,"Pros- Very charming art style. The loading screens, the characters, the world, its all very pretty. One of the main reasons I keep coming back to it. Very good soundtrack too. The stories behind the factions and the faction quests give this game an additional depth which makes it enjoyable even when playing alone.- the tech tree is very easy to navigate for beginners. But this may also make it repetitive as you play more. Unlike civ 5, some buildings require strategic resources to build which will affect your research order. This keeps the game fresh in a way.- The combat is very unique. It gives an extra layer of strategy flavour to the game because of mechanics like positioning and action-queing. However, the issue I had with this was when all your guys have lower initiative, none of your orders will get through and you get really disadvantaged because you can no longer focus down enemy units or retreat your weakened units.- I am writting this lengthy review in the middle of the night even though I have school in the morning and this will probably be buried under numerous other review.Cons- My main problem with this game is the leveling system of military units. The level of the armies matter so much to the point that it almost makes technological advantage obsolete. You have to try to keep a sizable army from the start of the game otherwise, you will just get out-scaled hard. This makes some factions much weaker than others because of their play style. which brings me to my next point- This game is not very balanced for multiplayer. Certain factions are definitely stronger than others. But this can be overcomed by everyone playing the same faction or customised factions which is still very enjoyable.- Strength of your armies are also determined by the strategic resources you possess since you can edit their equiptment individually. So if you get screwed by your starting location, you will also get screwed in the military race. Interesting mechanic but makes the game a little imbalanced.If you're looking for a 4x game you can enjoy playing alone, you should definitely get it. However, if multiplayer player is the main reason you want to get into this game, you may want to reconsider."
,Recommended,289130,12240469,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ComradeWinston,"There isn't any way around it, this is a much more in-depth fantasy version of Civilization 5. Aside from all the depth and such, the setting feels far more fitting than the ""insert X historical leader as the figurehead of X nation"" of Civilization. The ""world gets periodically buried in an ice age"" lore simply works well, where that historical stuff is fun but wears quickly; at least in my experience. It generally helps the diversity of the world, factions, and even is a gameplay element with the onset of a punishing winter for elongated periods of time.City placement isn't dictated by distance between cities but rather they're divided by generated provinces you can claim with a single city, entirely doing away with gamey nonsense and weird broken borders typical to Civ5. Technology is organic, only divided into tiers rather than mandatory lines of progress more like a loading bar as a manifestation of your needs. After having played a number of Paradox strategy games, I've come to appreciate a good UI and this game certainly isn't hard to navigate through; everything's where it should be, no hassle.Diplomacy isn't the typical limited rigid enemy/neutral/friendly set either. By default nations are in a state of ""cold war"" from which point they can either become friendly or fight their opposition's armies over control of neutral territory. You can also compliment and insult, among other things to decrease or increase the cost of certain types of diplomatic declarations and agreements. No longer are the days of ""I really want to kill that guy's settler but I really don't want to declare war on him"" as now you can simply slaughter them along with everything else.Units are one of the finer points of this developer's games, at least compared to most generic units in strategy games. Each faction has three basic units but you can drastically alter them by creating(renaming kinda) a new unit with better equipment, along with any minor faction's units you pick up along the way. You could make your ranged units more durable than any generic mele unit, create a berserker unit, or even the most expensive upgraded thing you can get your hands on.Heroes play a role much like characters in more recent Total War games. They can be given the finest equipment your nation has like any unit and eventually level-up to be anything from a skilled administrator to a glorious commander through a very Total War-esq tree of passive boons. In battle, they also play a role as a most effective unit.Faction diversity's easily among the strongest features of this game, going against the current trend of making factions very much the same as each other. For instance, one of them can only build a single powerful city and subjugate distant minor faction villages which then occasionally supply that faction with free units. Another can only increase its population and heal units through using dust (magical money). The trader faction can even uproot its cities and set down somewhere else at will. This vast difference between factions is only further supplemented by the ability to create custom factions, with a limited point system providing you a series of boons along with crippling debuffs to choose from; ensuring balance.If you've enjoyed Civilization, you'll probably find this game surpasses it in pretty much every way—though the character limit on custom names is truly criminal."
76561198032164974,Recommended,289130,10619710,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,khasm08,"The gameplay is similar to Civ 5.  Technology progression is a lot more basic, in that there are no dependencies. The only restriction is that you need to research 10 (I think) technologies before progressing to the next tier.  The combat system is really cool.  You can build armies consisting off multiple different units, and then actually control those units in battles. A section of the map is marked off, and all of the units are spread out.  But, if you don't want to take the time to control the battle yourself, you can skip this feature and have your army or unit battle it out like in Civ.  The graphics are great. They did a great job designing the world/tiles.  The terrain can play a big part in battles, which is cool and add a little to the strategy of how you engage enemies. The game is still a work in progress, but I think it's great and I'm looking forward to when it's completed."
,Recommended,289130,13340060,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Pixel,"When a Civilisation game and a Fantasy game love each other very much...In shortEndless Legend is an amazing 4X styled game in which... well... i think you already know. Command armies of many different civilisations including: An Evil Cult, Wood Elves, Snow People, Pimp Ghosts, Traders with massive beetle towns, drastically oversized Bugs, sadist Mages, and Dragon people. Explore a world which looks way better than Civ, and is twice as interesting! But you must always remember: Winter is Coming...Have Fun!9/10"
76561198000525784,Recommended,289130,10176383,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,DarkPhoenix,"I have been playing the alpha for a couple months now, and I have to say I am absolutely impressed with what is on here so far.  The dev team definitely set about creating an innovative 4X Turn-based strategy (TBS) here that will probably eclipse their Sins TBS alternative, Endless Space, in its sheer success.  It could potentially rival its closest mainstream competitor, the Sid Meiers' Civilization series.  I cannot overstate how pleased I am with its progress as May 20, 2014, and what is expected down the line.  Endless Legends is fantasy TBS expecting 8 major playable factions built into a randomly generated map.  It is part-simulation in a way with quests and a storyline quest specific to each major faction.  Each faction is absolutely distinct from the others in design, much like Endless Space, with exception of basic city improvements.  Playing them similarly would be disastrous as I discovered when I played the Broken Lords like Wild Walkers once because of differences in faction technologies and their relationships to minor factions.  On a side note, I love the art too.  This is still an alpha, so it is not close to finished, but I do want to outline what I like so far in the game by analyzing its 4X nature thus far.It needs to work on its EXPLORATION aspect, but it is expected to be improved upon.  Vision and movement are important aspects of this that can be enhanced through tech and empire plan choices.  Roads, sea travel, auto-explore, and other functions are expected to crop up soon, so this will be cleared up.  Quests are an important part of this game either through their storyline quests or ruins, but I consider them perhaps the most critical part of the exploration aspect thus far.EXPANSION is where it shines with a new innovative approach to territory.  The use of expansionary districts and regions really sets it aside from Civ 5 and Endless Space, requiring not only continental and imperial management but also intense city management.  City expansion improves upon FIDSI and anomaly access while colonization of new regions accesses newer luxury and strategic resources and minor factions.  Technology advances over six eras, requiring increasing numbers of tech to reach the next era unlike Endless Space but not quite so linear as Civ 5.  City improvements work like Endless Space's system improvements.  Overall, I LOVE IT.EXPLOITATION is where the game also is expecting improvement.  At present the AI is dumbed down to simply declare war and conquer, but when it develops it is possible to create alliances, trade, and regulate borders.  Further, minor factions are important in this game.  Assimilating minor factions improves certain qualities in the empire in question as well as provides faction units.  For instance, Bos provide light cavalry Centaurs while Kazanji offer some wicked flying Demons.  There's also a marketplace for buying disbanded units, heroes, resources, and otherwise that can offer a means to get an edge on a close competitor.  This part needs help but it will probably reflect the same 4X exploitation basics with exception of the minor factions, which really do impact gameplay.EXTERMINATION is another innovative spot for the game.  Rather than doing the rock, paper, scissors approach from Endless Space or the unit-by-unit crawl across Civ 5 they chose to do a battle system based off stats such as initiative, defense, attack, and other such where stacked armies fight each other with reinforcements from nearby armies if available.  If the manual option is chosen, the player only chooses which units are attacked per unit, but heroes also get involved directly in the fight unlike Endless Space.  But the best part about using the manual option for a multiplayer match in the future is that you can direct the initial targeting and at the same time look elsewhere in your empire and take care of other business.  So, while your Necrophage necrodrones are taking out an army of Broken Lord Stalwarts, you can address your need to expand into the Tanoj region to grab the Mithrite there while determining where to put that next district in your capital.  Once you're done you can look back and redirect the targeting and do something else.  Overall, I like this style better than the other models and is the second most innovative aspect of the game behind the region-city model.This game just in the alpha stages alone is fantastic but also needs some polishing here and there as is to be expected.    8/10 for the alpha compared to similar games, expecting 10/10 upon completion."
76561198034787971,Recommended,289130,12414428,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,methegrate,"First off, let me say that I'm not a fan of Endless Space. As a huge 4x fan I wanted to like ES badly, but the game felt very flat. I thought the galaxy was lifeless, military strategy is just an r/p/s guessing game and each play through feels pretty much the same after about the first 20 minutes.I mention that because this is what made me hesitate about buying Endless Legend. I need not have worried. EL is wonderful. It has all of the life and character that ES lacked and much, much more.Picking a ""best thing"" about this game is tough, but I would agree with many that it's the faction design. The factions don't just have a few different units or stat bumps, they obey entirely different game mechanics. They have their unit trees and city plans. You can't play the same game with two different factions, it just won't work. And that's awesome.Above everything else, Endless Legend is original. The regional cities, tech tree ""eras,"" expressing influence directly as a resource, redesigning units like you would in a space 4x, they make this game feel like something I haven't seen before. In a field that has been competing to become the next Master of Magic or Civ fantasy for the last 20 years, that's a breath of fresh air. Endless Legend is fun, it's original and it's incredibly worth buying."
76561198038043781,Recommended,289130,22999162,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Tarontagosh,"this game is far and away one of, if not the best turn based strategy game I have ever played.  Its tough starting out and not in the tough the computer may start out winning but I'll come back.  No its tough in the sense of get used to loseing some games until you figure out how you want to play.  The fact that i don't have to send workers out to do upgrades is a wonderful feature.  All worker allocations are instead done from the city screen. The incorporation of the summer and winter seasons is great, and that you have to plan accordingly makes it all the better.if you are looking for a simple turn based strrategy game, go play civ, if you want a challenge this game is for you."
,Recommended,289130,15097610,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,MittenMarauder,"Pros:1. Endless Legend is gorgeous to look at, plain and simple. From the terrain to various info and quest pages, it all looks great. A lot of care went into making this game look good.2. There is more to a good 4X than killing the other guy, and Endless Legend delivers with complex Empire Management. From tweaking production, to long term tech planning, you can control in detail more than just where your armies are going.3. Usually, combat tends to be a chore, but no with Endless Legend. With Auto-Resolve for the ""easy"" battles, you can focus on the important ones instead. The Tactical battle is a hybrid of Disciples and Age of Wonders, where you control your troops, but not everything they do. Also, new techs allow you to upgrade your armies with better equipment, and you can pick different bonuses as well, but all of it done in a non-time consuming way.4. Factions do not just look different, but they actually feel different, and not in just subtle ways. At the same time, they feel balanced against one another, so every game never feels like one faction will always win. This extends to victory conditions, as each faction features their own unique quest line for victory!Cons:1. The A.I. can be a bit bi-polar sometimes, but it is by no means stupid (usually). The A.I. can and will kick your sorry hide if you let it, so for those looking for a single player only experience, you will find the A.I. to be more challenging than the A.I. in Civilization (which I have hundreds of hours in, including Deity wins).2. Digging for information can be a minor chore, as some things are not really well explained, or obviously laid out. However, there is a lot of information and guides done by the community that are readily accessible to help you out.Summary:I strongly recommend Endless Legend to anyone that is a 4X fan looking for their next fix. I play both Multi-player and Single-player, so this will easily continue to be one of the games I will be pouring many hours into. It takes all of what makes a good classic 4X strategy, and adds in some refreshing twists that will not disappoint.tl;dr If you are familiar with losing an hour or more when you said ""just one more turn"", then Endless Legend will not be kind to your sleep habits!"
,Recommended,289130,12677161,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Lausanna,"Great game, my current go-to 4x. It took me about 14 hours for my first win, and there is still plenty of replay value. Each faction has a story line that can be played out through quests, or totally ignored if you'd rather just play a game of fantasy civ. Orignal lore sets it apart from the usual high fantasy themes, which is really refreshing. A great addition to the 4x genre."
,Recommended,289130,14990983,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Ananoriel,"Since this game was released I was sure that I wanted to play it. I was sold by the graphics and the artwork and I liked that it is a fantasy twist on other 4X games. I have to admit that I am not disappointed at all.I am a newbie in the 4X genre, and of course I tried the tutorial first. But that one didn't make it very clear to me, and it was pretty short. So I just started a new game and looked up some guides about the basics. I would recommend other newbies to look for guides instead of the tutorial.The gameplay is good, I think the UI looks well-arranged as well. I found out that I enjoyed expanding cities and researching new methods. So your empire will grow bigger and stronger.A nice addition is the combat system. This works similar to the Heroes of Might & Magic combat. You can play these battles, or if you think there are repetitive, you can skip them to see the results.There are multiple ways to win a match, with colonizing as many as possible regions or with completing your main quest for example. There are also multiple factions to play with, each with their own specialities. Every faction has their own main quest to complete.The soundtrack is superpretty, I enjoy the in-game music a lot. I think it is maybe one of the best game soundtracks I heard. The graphics are very pleasing to look at, the same goes for the cinematics.I think Endless Legend will be one of my favourite games. It is pretty addicting as well.My rating for this game: 9/10"
,Recommended,289130,24355632,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Morwo,4X turn based game in a lovely animated play. it follows the 'Endless' franchise.
,Recommended,289130,29469255,Posted: 24 January,all,Floof,The soundtrack alone is worth the purchase price..
76561197960757487,Recommended,289130,13176608,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ukla_the_mock,"This is a great, great game.  It's worth it's meager price tag of $40.  (Meager in terms of major games, which always have a baseline of $60.)  Put it on your wishlist and snatch it up when you catch a price break.It's all about the factions.  Unlike in Civ 5, the factions play very differently from each other.  The Wild Walkers kind of focus on expansion, exploration, and harmonizing with the planet, while the Cultists focus on forcing everyone else in the world to join their cult.  This is far from the minor differences of, say, one faction getting +2 food in the capital, as opposed to +1 industry on water tiles like you would see in Civ.  The faction differences in Endless Legend are about PHILOSOPHY, and not about mechanics.  The Cultists are only allowed one city, the Roving Clans are not allowed to declare war, the Drakken can force other factions into peace and alliance treaties.  These are game-altering differences that lead to different game experiences and interesting cross-faction interactions.Every little part of this game has been fleshed out and thought through.  Every little part of it makes sense.  It won't be the easiest thing to pick up right off the bat, since the guys at Amplitude Studios think just a little differently than you're used to, but they also like to reward you for your efforts.  The more you play, the more you see the big picture, and the more you realize just how perfect each piece of the puzzle is and what a beautiful picture it makes.  Somehow this game is more polished, more interesting, more diverse, and more fun than Civ 5, in which I've got a couple hundred hours logged.The tutorial is excellent.  It brings you into their way of thinking without patronizing you like you've never played any kind of civilization game before.  The artwork is different and interesting, all the way down to the way the interface responds when you scroll in and out of the map.  The music and sound of the game somehow enhance the whole effect that they are trying to create.  Before you know it, you'll have hours and hours logged and wondering what you ever played before.There are a few minor issues that keep this game from being a 10, but as it is a new title, I expect those things to be ironed out as time moves on.  For instance, if you accidentally (or intentionally) get ahead of yourself in the tutorial, and even sometimes in a created game, you could end up with a quest that you cannot complete.  Overall, this is usually no big deal, since you are given LOTS of quests during the course of your adventures.  However, if the quest you cannot complete just happens to be a faction quest, then you are effectively cut off from the rest of the storyline for your faction, short of resorting to a save state.Also, there's not much in the way of naval combat.  This is a really minor gripe for me since about 96% of the time I never used my navy in Civ 5 for anything other than a deterrent, anyway.  But if you're a big fan of naval forces and/or combat, you may miss it here.  Quite frankly, I was many hours deep into this game before I even realized that there was no navy.  Somehow it feels like they told a complete story without it.I expect a DLC sometime in the future that will probably handle some sort of naval units and a few more factions, although there will never be a glut of factions like in Civ.  Each faction is so fundamentally different I imagine it would be difficult to maintain any kind of balance (or even to come up with a plethora of ideas) if there were endless factions.  (See what I did there?  I might have just named the DLC. )  I mean, unless you're playing Venice, there really isn't much difference between the 300 factions in Civ, anyway.As it is, though, I am very happy with this game and highly recommend it to anyone who has that 4x itch, that civ itch, or anyone who just wants to play a really good game for a change."
76561197968623697,Recommended,289130,14243099,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Bolka,"This is the best ""Magic Civ"" game since Master of Magic (1994)!Amplitude Studios did a very good job at bringing several new (and good) ideas to the genre. The most striking to me is that each faction plays very differently, most of them even bring some twists to the game mechanics to make them unique. One example is the Cultists faction, that can only be played with one city but have abilities to use tribes for growth, or the Broken Lords, that require no food but need money to sustain themselves.The tech tree is actually not a tree at all, and this makes the technology evolution a lot less linear than usual. The idea of regions with only one city per region and local tribes is also welcome, and use of the tribes is quite fun without being time consuming.Diplomacy and combat are more standard, I like the cold war status that allows for aggression without being at war.Endless Legend is a great game and offers very good re-playability. If you like turn-based strategy it is very unlikely you'll be disappointed."
76561198104361263,Recommended,289130,24058509,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Taddy Mason,"i love this game so much. i love that it's a lot like Civ V, but with more variety to the gameplay. you can turn off victory conditions you don't want, allowing you to focus on beating the game the way you want to. if you're playing as the necrophages (who can't do any diplomacy stuff) and want to focus on an economic or science based victory, you can. every single playable race can be customized from the full list of traits. do you like that the occultists can convert villages and wish the other races could do that too? well, they can. i also like that you can automate your entire empire or individual cities, allowing you to ignore late game micromanaging that so many people dislike.i agree with people that the combat gets repetitive after awhile-but the devs planned for that and put probably the best autocombat simulator i've ever seen in a game so that you'd wouldn't ever have to manually command a battle after the moment you got bored with it. you can also choose different battle strategies when you are about to do combat. you can choose from offensive, defensive, or hold position strategies-which is fantastic when you're sending archers into combat against melee units. often, they can win unscathed if they hold position. i just recently picked up the shifters dlc and the allayi (moth people), and i enjoy that they have what appears to be a new type of unit-flying. which suffers no movement penalties from terrain and adds to the list of unit types (archer, melee, calvary, support). i also recently got the lost tales dlc which added a whole mess of missions and lore to the game, further adding to the immersiveness and personality of the game. the shifters dlc combined with the lost tales really made me feel for the plight of Auriga. the world is so beautiful and varied in terrain types (speaking of-i like how elevation plays a role in movement during combat and also while roaming the world) and the amount of customization and control they give you over the various elements of the world. you can control how harsh the winter is, how big the regions are (regions are what split up the world-you can have one city per region), how tough the minor factions and their villages are to defeat (minor factions can also be bribed or you can do a quest for them to pacify them), and much more can be altered.i haven't played the Forgotten dlc/playable race much, but they add much more depth to the game by adding espionage and removing the ability (for the Forgotten, at least) to research technologies. the Forgotten can only buy or steal new tech. speaking of the technology, all races share the majority of the same technologies in each era (there are 6 research eras that are unlocked by researching 9 technologies from the previous era) but each playable race has it's own special techs that only they can unlock (unless you create your own customized race-then you can pick from the list of specialized techs). i also like that the technology can be unlocked in any order and you can select as many technologies are you want to create a research queue-a nice step up from Civ V's restrictive tech tree. everything produced is carried over to the next thing as well. what i mean by that is: your food production carries over to the next person after a new citizen is born, production left over from a building or unit is carried over to the next one, and science put towards a technology carries over to the next one in the queue.i don't have enough space to list all the great things i love about this game. i suggest getting the game with all the dlc you can get. each dlc adds plenty of new content to keep the game fresh. (i hope they add a dlc of a playable race, that doesn't use production, rather they buy or steal units/buildings somehow and add the Harmony from Endless Space who ignore Dust entirely-all the other resources (FIDS-Food, Industry, Dust, Science) have a race that largely ignores it and i think that would add even more depth/alternative gameplay to this game."
,Recommended,289130,13146541,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,attic ☂☠,Where the ♥♥♥♥ did the day go?
76561198023552370,Recommended,289130,26220752,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Brokennoze,Better than Civ 6.
,Recommended,289130,12267179,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Lord Pariah,"Between the breathtaking music and art style, great lore and superior gameplay mechanics, It's hard not to recommend this.  I'm 100% serious about the music and artstyle.  There were times where the breathtaking beauty of it almost moved me to tears.  Call me a ♥♥♥♥♥, but they have some great music and it matches the game so well...I've played a few 4x games before, such as CIV, GalCiv and Warlock.  This takes the cake, even if I've got limited experience.  It's just that good.  I mean, good doesn't mean flawless.  It still has all the inherent issues of the genre.  But it also has unique mechanics that add a fun spin on the game.Really, its main issues are that at times the autoresolve combat can be stupid and that there's not a whole lot of unit variety."
,Recommended,289130,13295321,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Elliot,"I'm really enjoying Legend so far. It's like Endless Space had a baby with Warlock, and then kept a lot of the best of both games. Seems to be a bit buggy though at some points. Randomly textures started failing (fixed upon a game restart, didn't affect save file) and more recently I've had my save crash upon load (somewhere around turn 410). Not sure what's causing it so if a dev wants the save, I'll send it.Pros:Intuitive combat system makes for interesting gameplay, especially when reinforcements are involved.Summer/Winter shift forces the economy to remain dynamic, and winter turns can be difficult to struggle through.AI Diplomacy works pretty well, though the values of tech/resources could be rebalanced.Very customizable game settings: no two worlds will be the same (unless they use the same seed)Research/Tech tree is expansive, and enables for longer paced games if neededUnit customization is awesome. You can create new units from the templates of the old ones, but with new gear. It's cool.Cons:Occasional crash issues (will update review when resolved)Not as much unit variety as I'd like to see. Sure you can create new versions of old units, but I want to see more variety in class.Not that much variety in quests. A lot of them are just ""Maintain this level of production for x resource for y turns"". Gets kind of old.Sometimes takes ages to find other players on the map, even with max players present. Not necessarily bad, just makes for some slow games every now and then.Overall:Great 4x game with plenty of things to keep you coming back. Even better with friends. I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,289130,12223379,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Kostyan1996,"Truly best 4X strategy I ever played. Better than CIV in any case, except Endless Legend have lack of content. But, only in comparison Endless Legend with GOLD version of Civilization. Wait for Endless Legend Gold and you'll see best 4X strategy game ever. Thank you, Amplitude!"
76561198038934969,Recommended,289130,12874298,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,simc1,"Wow, this game is really something any 4x, strategy gamer should spend time on. I'm a huge CIV, Master of Orion fan among others and I never had so much fun since Civ 4 loaded with Mods and expansions and Endless Legend is still Vanilla.The universe is story-rich, the graphics are really good, the soundtrack is immersive and the gameplay is nothing shy of Civ 5. I should say, there is a sense of deepness in this game that was lost a long time ago with the Civ Series. The different ressources you can get and their potential effects, the extended political and trading systems, the Hero and armies customizations. The different factions bring several ways to play the game and eventually win. I'm only 10 hours on this game so far and I'm still doubtful about to what extend the replay value will be lets say past when you won with every factions. I'm hoping there will be lots of good Mods and maybe expansions to push the limits of this game in the future.Some people complained about the game crashing, so far I've experienced only one crash and thanks to the auto save feature, I was able to reload the last save without hassle.In conclusion, this game is great, It's like a mother's caresss on a Civilization fan that felt left down by the last games they offered. Endless Legend HAS that one more turn feeling. Every turn brings its piece of action, being at war or at peace, there is plenty to manage and enjoy. It does not re-invent the genre, but it takes a well established concept and brings it in a Fantastic universe with a lot to explore and control. Have fun!"
76561197981625158,Recommended,289130,10499998,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,CrossTrain,"I am absolutely loving this game. I love turn-based strategy games because you control the pace of play so much. In a sense this reminds me of Civ V with MUCH better graphics. The combat system is far superior to Civ as well as you (as the player) can develop the strategy for attack. It also feels much deeper than Civ as it seems (please remember, I'm only 11 hours into play thus far so my thoughts are very early...) that there are more intricacies to take into account. Bear in mind, I LOVED Civ V and could lose myself for hours in it. I have done the same with this game.I have had a couple of crashes mid-game but it is to be expected as a early access game. But I think I've only had two in 11 hours. I do saves every 10 turns or so to protect my game. But the game also does pretty frequent auto-saves. In those two crashes I've never lost more than a single turn of moves.I highly recommend this game if you like turn-based strategy games. You will not be disappointed!"
76561198014372124,Recommended,289130,12260932,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Legendarybro,"After watching 5 youtube videos I decided I'd buy the game. I picked up a few basics from those videos so I quickly managed to get the basics.Here's how my first playthrough went (Normal, Pangaea with 6 civilizations) playing as the wild walkers:I focused on my main city for a bit researching and building until I found myself in a position to expand, which I did. At this point I encountered a neighbour next to me and another a bit far from where I am.50 turns in one of them declares war on me suddenly with a smaller army than me, but more advanced. I lost my capital. So I reload the save, upgrade my army and still lose it, except he lost most of his as well and was forced to withdraw.Seeing how I have 3 towns to his 1 I quickly rebuild my army and fight him again. Tie again, and again I rebuild. This time I slowly take ground until I reach his capital, where I notice his army is at sea RIGHT next to my capital. What to do?  I try to negotiate peace but he won't budge. So I start a race to his capital, I attack it about a TURN before he reaches my capital city. BAM I win.Now I meet some other neighbours. Turns out I'm now at 3rd score (around 400, highest is 600). I make use of this time  to negotiate peace with my first neighbour and focus on trade, research and expansion. Slowly I also build up 2 armies and position them at my borders. I remain at peace for close to 150 turns slowly developing my empire and making sure my armies are a deterrent to anyone who'd declare war. Meanwhile, the 3 remaining players are at war with each other. One of them has a score of 2000 to my 1100 and the others are worn out and remain at 400-500.At this point, the guy with the 2000 is close to a scientific, expansion, conquest victory and has 50 turns where he'd win. He also conquered one of the players and is waging war with the other to the North (I'm at his East). So sensing the danger, I upgrade all my units, sell excess resources and pump out as much units as possible. I position my 4 armies at the borders with one remaining in reserve. I strategically pick targets whereas he is involved in another frontier. 40 turns left, I declare war.Blitzkrieg is what happens next. I quickly sweep through his southern and eastern lands and pick off stragglers using combined armies to overrun his better upgraded units. Although he initially had a much better army than me, the tactic I employed significantly crippled him. By the time his northern armies come south I already conquered 3 provinces and I pick them one by one. At this point he is desperate for peace, which I decline. I conquer 3 more provinces and my peaceful neighbor conquers one of his. I decide to plan for the future, so I position 3 armies at the border of my peaceful neighbour and the other 3 to conquer the remaining provinces. Just as I'm about to declare war, what happens? I win.I literally went from a losing situation to a winning one through good strategy. This is what I'd want in a game, to offer challenges and reward strategic thining. 10/10"
,Recommended,289130,12379705,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Jonno,"Good game that is let down by the limited control in 'manual' battles.You can't really get a unit to move to where you want it to and attack the specific enemy unit you wish.You pre select the target for each of your units and click 'launch'.As soon as an enemy unit moves, it prevents your orders being carried out and leads to your units walking all over the place. Ranged units walk to enemy infanty.Cavalry run infront of infantry, blocking their attacking position.If this game had Eador style combat, it would be epic."
,Recommended,289130,13983719,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Mike Le Watt,"This game makes other games' art assets look like place holders. It looks and sounds beautiful, and plays even better. An intelligent evolution of Civ style 4X. Unique, asymmetric civilizations make every playthrough refreshing. Technically, it runs great and has a perfect UI."
,Recommended,289130,13751901,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Rabcor,"Do you like Heroes of Might & Magic? (3? 4? 5? 6?) if so, then great, you'll probably love this game. Do you like any of the Civilization games? great too!This game is basically a mashup of Heroes of Might & Magic and Civilization, a healthy ""just right"" dosage of both in my opinion. You can roll out the big guns, create a massive army and wreck everyone to win, you could instead expand your empire by building cities and then conquering other people's cities until 80% of all lands on the map belong to you.You can achieve a diplomatic victory by keeping your relations with other countries at peace or in alliance for a long enough amount of time (you get peace points, 1 for any country in the game, 2 for any country at peace with you and 4 for any country in an alliance. You win at like 3000 points; these values can be adjusted)You can win by finishing your factions main quest (everyone has a main quest to follow; side quests can be earned by visiting certain locations on the map, quests give rewards. Nice rewards.) which will award you with the ability to build a ""Temple of the Earth's Core"" which is a so called ""Wonder"", and you will win when you have it.You can win by being the most technologically advanced country (research 5 of the 6 most advanced technologies)Or you can play a bit more strategically than just kicking everyone's♥♥♥♥♥ and capture all your opposing player's capital cities which will give you the Supremacy victory.All of these are viable ways to win, besides maybe expansion victory (80% is a lot) but this sums up what the game is about. It's difficulty level is somewhere right between Heroes and Civilization, but the fun I'm getting here is a lot more than in either one of these other two classics. This game rocks! and if you're any sort of fan of turn based strategy, you should give it a try!"
,Recommended,289130,26024555,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,JMnITup,"I love Endless Legend, but my schedule doesn't support my playing it as much as I'd like.  Each faction feels distinct and matches up with their theme well, and the game has just enough quests and story to make it feel like a mix of RPG and civ-like.  It feels extremely polished, and the storyline for each faction flesh out the world very nicely, and really make it feel like a living world.Gameplay mechanics are somewhat simplified from some titles in the space, but I think the simplifications smooth it out more than make it feel lacking.  There are some UI improvements that could be made, but overall it feels responsive and doesn't get in the way too much.I have spent too many nights realizing they aren't nights anymore, after starting my '1 more turn' mantra at around 11pm.I definitely recommend. It probably won't replace Civ* or other go-tos, but it absolutely deserves a spot on the shelf, and is definitely its own thing more than simply a clone in the space."
76561198072015778,Recommended,289130,26028194,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Messi,"3 hours into the game, and I really like it so far.. going to edit my review probably around 30 hours.  Definitely worth the $17 I paid for the main game and all the DLC/expanions :P"
,Recommended,289130,26042140,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,samurairaccoon,Amplitude killing it again in the 4x department. Beautiful fantasy 4x game with good UI and deep gameplay.
76561198002695841,Recommended,289130,26095250,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,[GoD]Oscar,The simplest way to describe this is a fatnasty version of Civilization with much better netcode and user friendliness.  I highly recommend it solely for the multiplayer.
,Recommended,289130,26097304,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,mega0live,"Bought this game a year ago, thought it was cool looking.    Ended up buying the expantions and everything to boot.   Only recently learned how to play the game, now im hooked.Am I a Impulse Buyer?      Yes, but this game is soooooo worth it."
76561198341417655,Recommended,289130,29426212,Posted: 22 January,all,Mercratio,Bought the collection edition on a sale for 10 bucks....Best $10.00 I ever spent on a game.
76561198069177923,Recommended,289130,31030289,Posted: 8 April,all,Prowler477,"A very fun game. I would not recommend getting every DLC because you are unlikely to replay the game to experience every faction. Also, to upgrade a city center you build a barrow around every hex around it (it does not tell you how in the game). So tutorials need some improvement. Combat is pretty good but eventually it gets tedious. Nevertheless, this game is certainly worth getting for Civ lovers because it has a few ideas that are a little better."
76561198139439833,Recommended,289130,25279816,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,netrunner8,"This game is 4x Rad-ness,"
,Recommended,289130,25815787,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Bingus Dingus,"Honestly, this is probably my favorite strategy game. I don't play a lot of them, but I love this world and how it's got tons of depth and complexity but no unnecessary complication. At the very least, this is up there with Civ V, which is a game I can easily lose hours to. I think where Endless Legend takes the win is in the excellent worldbuilding.If you like strategy games, it's well worth your time. And if, like me, you're not much of a strategy fan but you're in the mood for something other than Civ V, I can't recommend this highly enough. Sometimes I play a strategy game because my brain needs a challenge, or I want to play something that's more cerebral than twitchy. Sometimes I play a strategy game because I'm looking for satisfaction more than fun. This game is satisfying AND fun.I like it. Two thumbs up. It says I've only played 11 hours, but I promise I've played longer than that. And despite my massive and neglected back-catalogue of games I need to get around to playing, I hope to play many more hours of Endless Legend in the future."
76561198079413559,Recommended,289130,30802379,Posted: 28 March,all,Vult Mortem,"After playing this game, I can definitely say it's worth playing! The unit and civilization choices may be small, but the variety between them all and the unique play you can have, even as the same faction, gives for countless replayability, I would strongly suggest this game to anyone who looks for a good Civ building game!"
76561198056442045,Recommended,289130,34635903,Posted: 31 August,all,Maulson,"A wonderful 4X game with an especially beautiful athmospheric feeling - The music and graphic style fits the fantasy setting perfectly.Gameplay is similar to the Civilization series and yet completely different since every faction/empire has it's own gameplay mechanics (instead of mere advantages in special categories).The other main difference is the combat system which not only includes researching and equipping your units with different gear but the fighting itself takes place in a seperate ""combat mode"" with turn based unit movement/attacking - similar to the total war series campaign map/combat map system, but again both of these modes are turn based in Endless Legend.Overall a beautiful strategy game in which I have not encountered any major bugs or performance issues (Something that sadly needs to be mentioned nowadays) with high replayability value and that certain ""Easy to learn, hard to master"" gameplay depth."
76561198004007208,Recommended,289130,30548245,Posted: 16 March,all,Burlybastard,"I love Civ 5 and heroes of might & magic. Endless legends seems to be trying to attempt both. It is a civ lite city management while you run heroes around to complete a race storyline, random quests, and beat up local minor villages.I'm 60 hours into it now and have Played half of the races. Each race is very interesting but each has a completely narrow way to play them. By that I mean if you play the shadow race then you don't generate science, you have to buy it or steal it. If you play the unbroken you don't need food but alot of gold. Depending on your style this could be frustrating if you pick the wrong race.This is a good game. But I realized I am jaded from Civ 5. I would suggest this game to someone before they play civ 5."
76561198050493469,Recommended,289130,10196433,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Yric,"I will realese a full review when the game is realesed. I'm reviewing this at patch 0.48. With the exception of occusional crashes this game amazes me! I haven't played any previous games by these developers. Being a Sid Meirer's Civilization fanboy I loved the fantasy and diversity this this turn-based strategy game has to offer. The combat is alright but my favourite part about this games is exploration, building, settling, technologies and improving your empire. There are many resources and unqiue tiles that offer certain yeilds. Upgrading your hero (physically and with the skill tree) is essential for winning battles and exploration. Technologies are very interesting and fun to research. So far I'm loving Endless Legend! Keep it up AMPLITUDE STUDIOS!"
76561198019889002,Recommended,289130,22393723,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Azgarath,"Just... Wow...I've never played a 4X Strategy game before Endless Legend. Well, maybe that's not true. Let's put it this way: I've never played a 4X Strategy game that would make me want to play it again, before Endless Legend.This is an extremely good, addictive, fun game.So many things to do, so many things that You have to decide on.Although it's a strategy with a Hex Field, You don't feel that it's slow, not by any means.I really don't know what to say more, graphics are beautiful, music is great and very well suits the feel of the game, combat system is really fun and rewarding. Yeah, everything is great, haha! :)10/10. GET IT!!!"
,Recommended,289130,13561772,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Alconok,"Endless Legend is a well built 4X game that has a unique flavor of its own, and does a lot of things that keep the game interesting at all stages. This is the initial draw for me, as other games (Civ, Endless Space) have a tendency to devolve into a click End Turn fest towards the end of the game.First off, the factions of the game not only are different in terms of advatages and disadvantages, they each have a wildly different playstyle. My first game was as the Necrophages, and I felt like I was literally devouring the minor tribes and faction cities that I encountered. I produced little food on my own, but pacifying vilages gave me a boost, and I could feed my slain foes to a city for a growth boost.The second thing I like about the game is how it forces the player to think long term and also consider his opponents when decided tech choices. Each level of tech has several choices, but every 9 techs researched opens the next level, forcing you to consider stay at the lower level to reseach those magic swords you need, or going up to the next level to research the wonders of the next age. Furthermore, the overall cost of technology increases with each researched, so any time spent on low level tech beyond the necessary gain slow your progression into later technologies.Thirdly, I enjoyed the game's use of resources. Endless Legend has a resource system that I feel is much better done than Civ. All tiles immediatly surrounding your city are gathered, and you can expand your city to talk advantage of strange and unusual tiles. Also, as your city grows you can assign workers who can be focused on any of the 5 major resources. This means that you can found a city where you know you will make money and use workers to compensate for the food shortage. The game also sports 6 strategic resources that are used for building unique buildings and producing advanced armor and weapons for your troops, as well as 10 luxury resources that can be gathered and then activated for empire wide bonuses.  This means that you will rarely find a resource and not be able to make use of it.Endless Legend is a run and well designed game that I will probably play long after I have beaten it as all the major factions. It sports the expected unit and faction customization, so the possibilties are limited only by your imagination. I have not yet tried multiplayer, but I hear the experience is improving. This is a solid game I can easily recommend.Barter? One does not barter with one's next meal..."
76561197994388091,Recommended,289130,12224413,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,GrooverF,"I'm sorry about my english :)Nicely done 4X with best ideas of games like civ, endless space, sins of solar ect. Also there is RPG elements like Heroes of Might and Magic where you have hero and troops what you lvl and equip with best items you can create or find on ruins or get when you complete your quests.. Game looks awesome and there is much to do."
,Recommended,289130,13774353,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,JermExMachina,"Well, I was a fan of civilization back in the day so I decided to give this a whirl considering the 50% off.My lady and I have just finished a 2 hour session and we were both quite impressed.Its got a great flavorful feel to the world and races. Its an experience of wonder and warcraft.Many different ways to progress like diplomacy, military, commerce, or just out tech everyone.though my couple of hours is certainly a drop in a bucket of what this game has to offer, we will definitely be making it part of our gaming routine.Incredibly complex but you can get the hang of it in an hour or so. Which goes to show, its easy to pick up but very hard to master (the sign of an exception gaming experience)"
,Recommended,289130,12495083,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,CONYAK,"Excellent Game 9.8/10Only thing that they could have done better is more selection and variety of heros like in endless space. different names of heros not v1, v2 ect.. other than that haven't found anything not to like. AI is quite difficult at harder levels not sure if it is pure play or AI cheating which I hate."
76561198058734708,Recommended,289130,13062134,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Teebs13,This game is if your looking for a civilization game outside Sid Meiers or any sort of mainstream game. It packs a ton of fun and creativity with unique features from other civ games
,Recommended,289130,15403881,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Sky,"This is one of my favorite 4X games. Here's why!1. Graphics and Visuals: The game is beautifully designed, from the styles of each faction, to the world map. I have no complaints here, it's very well done. Not much more to say, take a look at screenshots or videos if you want to see for yourself.2. Soundtrack: I'm not very experienced when it comes to talking about songs, but the music of the game is as well done as the graphics. Surprisingly, a good portion of the music is relaxing, soothing even, making this a very comfortable game to play and take your time with.3. Lore: Each faction you play as has a story that unfolds while you play. I thought this to be a great mechanic, after playing Civ V where there wasn't much personality to who I played.4: Gameplay: There's a plethora of things to be working on in this. You'll have plenty to manage, from your cities to your armies, diplomacy and research. Build an army, customize each unit of the army. Hire a hero, and customize him to suit your needs. Have him become a mayor or a great leader or warrior. In combat, you can choose to play it out, or auto-resolve. When you play it out, there's actual strategy to be taken into consideration. Which units you send against who, who counters who, who has the best equipment. And yes, units get equipment. You need to make sure you've given your warriors the best armor and weapons you can. In Civ where you'd have to keep upgrading units to a more modern unit, here you get to keep your unit, but you need to make sure you're outfitting it with modern gear.Overall, this is a game I can feel safe about recommending. It has an occasional hiccup, but nothing too serious. (In one playthrough I ignored error messages and then when I achieved victory all I got was an error instead of victory. So don't be silly, pay attention to things like error messages popping up.) It's plenty of fun, alone or with friends. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,289130,24285330,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Typhon Perun,"Wonderful game, very addicting.  I do enjoy how I can make my own faction in there.   THe turn based system is also ideal as well."
,Recommended,289130,25897715,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,MoDSec,It was good when I played it. Just because some chinese pirates are unhappy doesnt mean the game deserves to be negatively reviewed.
76561198033012158,Recommended,289130,30876537,Posted: 1 April,all,Goofus™,"If you're looking for another 4x strategy game but don't want another Civ game, I'd recommend checking this out. The playable factions are actually different enough to notice in this game, and the interesting military unit system brings a higher level of personal control over your armiesStarting off, the playable factions are amazingly unique from one another. One faction disregards food as a resource, instead using gold. One can only ever found a single city, and must rely on the small, AI controlled minor factions to expand their influence. Another has nomadic cities that can be picked up and placed elsewhere. The variety is incredibly refreshing, and the difference adds a lot of immediate replayabilityThe military upgrade system is quite different from Civilization. Rather than researching new units every few technologies, you instead research a few base models (4 per faction, one being a Settler and the rest being some combination of Melee, Ranged, Cavalry, Support, Flying, or Naval). You can then use strategic resources to develop more powerful equipment for these units and personally craft your forces. This can make early combat a bit of an uphill battle, but once you have all the technologies to start creating the new equipment, it really takes off. The feeling of having this much personal customization is great8.5/10"
,Recommended,289130,28386476,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,cushnoc,"fantastic, each game is different and can be as in depth and involved or as surface and mindless as you want for a turn based strategy. The lore is also fascinating and you learn more about each faction with each game."
76561198040495919,Recommended,289130,34872687,Posted: 10 September,all,Mr.ElbowDrop,"Cool 4x. Combat has more depth than similar civ style 4x games, doesn't suffer from research/build everything syndrome, and each faction has very different playstyles."
,Recommended,289130,24018216,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Aiden Hall,"Compared to Civilization V, this is actually a better game overall. It's just that civ 5 got this ""charm"", this connection with the real world and better balance because the factions are mostly the same.But the addition of..* Heroes/Governors* Districts (that civ 6 has now implemented)* Items* Military value can be built through just a few units because of armies and items. While in civ 5 it becomes tidious when you have 20+ units to move around.* Unit diversity* Strategic combat system rather than just two units calculating their strength.* Magic and colorful fantasy* Quests..creates another layer of depth and fun on top of the great game civ 5 already is.It's easy to relate and connect with Civilization because it's based on us, but I highly encourage you to get to know this brave new world, even though it might feel a little weird in the beginning."
76561198107820369,Recommended,289130,26741944,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ayyyelmao,Love this game :)
,Recommended,289130,22289503,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,LordStrider000,One of the best 4x games I have played.
,Recommended,289130,13529875,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Daemoniker,"Real talk. This plays like Civ. You start with nothing, you end up with spaceships. Not literally, but you know what I mean. But it flips the script because you don't pick a nation with minor benefits, you pick an entire race that is completely different from the others. And these races tend to lean towards a certain playstyle, so you can choose the one you that suits how you want to play for that game.As an example, there is a market in the game where, with the right research, you can buy the resources you don't have for that next city improvement. One of the races controls this market, and gets a cut of all the sales that go through it, and they can even ban you from it as a diplomatic tool.The even crazier thing is you can just mix and match parts of races you like and make your own, because why not? And this gameg handles combat very interestingly. Each race has its own set of 3 units that you keep for the entire game after you research them, but you keep them upgraded with new items and you can have multiple versions ready at any time. Got a type that you made three hours ago that suck but can be pumped out in a turn? Keep it. Then make a new version that has a sword that can kill that weaker guy in one hit. Anything is possible.Its a good game, its got a lot of concepts that I haven't even touched on here, but for a short list:Armies can consist of multiple units that move togetherCombat works by two armies fighting, but nearby armies can join in as reinforcementsCombat is turn based, runs on a zoomed in version of the map, and runs for 6 turns of each sideIts basically DnD combat, with initiative and all that jazz, but it can be skipped with an automatic calculationHeros can be assigned to armies as an  extra super unit that give extra benefits or to a city to boost its production valuesThe world map is split into regions, and only one city can exist per regionThere are minor factions like the city-states of Civ that can be pacified to join your empire. They then help boost production in the city of the region they are inThese minor factions can also be assimilated to have an empire-wide benefit and allow you to produce an entirely new type of unit that can be upgraded like the rest of your armyA quest system, with quests being available from ruins found around the map and from minor factions to pacify themEach race has a main quest that, when fully completed, is a victory conditionMany ways to win, including just making a certain amount of money or performing enough diplomatic actionsIts a great game. Especially half off. Just buy it."
76561198001784686,Recommended,289130,12752989,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Beaghan,"Excellent strategy game with true diversity. Many games like this all of the different factions play exactly the same, this one they are all unique. Awseome that you can customize any units gear or all of your units of the same type. I love it, playing it more now since Civ Beyond Earth is such a let down."
76561198114200281,Recommended,289130,24326022,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,gloval99,"If you are a fan of Civ this is a game you want to try. Allowing you to merge single units into armies. Allows for direct control of city growth, along with the 1 city per region causes player to stop and think and explore before they plop a city down.great game I highly recomend"
76561197971106664,Recommended,289130,25440633,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Slaunyeh,"Reading the reviews i wonder...people finding is too hard at normal ?Its clear they tried to play the game like the games they are used to play not willing to learn some new tricks.Yeas i got bashed in the beginning but i wen t on and learned to play the game not to simply repeat the tricks like a trained monkey.People complaining from complexity ?Come on... LEARN AND ADAPT, many races need a bit of adaptation thats the beauty of the game, don t play a diplomatic faction as a warrior, don t play a comercial race as diplomatic one, you may but you will have a hard time.You can win by diplomacy, was, comerce, and some other ways, which is very refreshing.The story is not blah blah blah.....well its a 4X game hard to stay on the tale all the time.The game is far from perfect..ok which is not ?"
76561198068483583,Not Recommended,289130,12579003,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,TeflonDon,"Was really hoping for a solid civ-style game, and while this game has a lot of cool features and differences than CIV, it is beyond painful when it comes to clunkiness. The pace and length of time to complete a turn is exceptionally long. You can also manually resolve combat (unlike Civ) but you'll only do this once, because as soon as you realize how incredibly SLOW and boring the battle is, you'll promise your future self NEVER to put yourself through that again.Watch incredibly slow mob move two spaces, wait 5 seconds for attack animation, repeat. To let 6 of your units complete one round of moving and firing takes like a minute, it's insane. A single battle which should take no more than a minute, takes several minutes.It's super unfortunate because in a lot of ways this game has many improvements over Civ, but its overall playability is nothing compared to any civ. It honestly feels like work to place this game rather than fun."
76561198043551744,Recommended,289130,22746793,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,veryfuzzylogic,"Like Civ, but awesome!"
,Recommended,289130,26379744,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Beholster,"if you even slightly like 4X games, buy this masterpiece of a game. Civilization + fantasy."
,Recommended,289130,29792707,Posted: 8 February,all,ubralex,"I must say that this game is the best 4x I've ever played, even better than Civ5."
,Recommended,289130,14324145,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,polyphosphate phosphotransferase,"Got banned from market,destroyed another country to get unbanned.10/10"
76561198009432300,Not Recommended,289130,13551293,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Paragon of Badassosity,"I'm no newbie to stragegy games, 4X or otherwise, back from the original Master of Orion up through Endless Space, which I really like. I bought this expecting the same level of awesomeness as Endless Space... and was thoroughly disappointed.Pros :It's pretty, which isn't really a selling point for strategy games, but it's there.The setup of resources is pretty self-explanatory - Food, Industry, Science, and Dust (money). It's basically the same as Endless Space. Sure there are other resources, but I like the simplicity here. If I wanted something more complex I would go back to the Hearts of Iron series.Having seasons actually affect the game was pretty nifty. As far as innovation goes, this is a good one. I wish it was more controllable in the game setup, but maybe that'll come later.Design your own faction and play against them is pretty great. I've loved this feature ever since GalCiv II.Cons : (this might take a while)AI is immune to the approval penalty for expanding AND building burroughs. Sure, human players are ALWAYS gonna be smarter than a video game's AI, but handicapping me in this way kinda made me feel like they took the ""eXpand"" out of the ""4X,"" which is my primary problem with the game. You get penalized for expanding while the AI doesn't, and since the AI likes to just burrough their cities in whatever random direction they want, if you capture that city, your approval rating plummets. Again sure I understand the need to beef the AI so it's a challenge, but this kind of handicap makes me feel like I'm playing a 3X game instead of a 4X one. I'm certain there are other, better ways to handle this. OR the other option is to not advertise it as a 4X game, which I'd also be ok with. On a side note, GalCiv III is out and they're always seeking new ways to tweak the AI so it's a challenge and thus doesn't really need these weird buffs.UI is completely WTF. Some elements are good, but I shouldn't have to search for stuff like ""how long do I have on this siege?"" Also had to dig for how to activate buffs.Combat is clunky. as. hell. Go play Fallen Enchantress or Master of Magic to see how it's done. Seriously, everyone wants to be Master of Magic. The concept is so simple, but somehow everyone misses the target.Immersion is meh. The seasons were nice, but nothing else was compelling about the storyline or the gameplay. For good immersion, go study Emperor of the Fading Suns - while it's a terrible wargame, it does an amazing job of immersing the player in said terrible wargame. Even Endless Space sucked me in - I would play for hours and not realize that it's past midnight. What happened here guys?Difficulty. It's pretty standard that I play the tutorial, which was moooostly good, though it left out some key info. Then my first game I pretty much always set on ""easy,"" or whatever's just below ""normal."" Learning curve. That said, and the fact that I'm not a newbie to strategy games, I still get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me. Like it's not even a contest. This isn't my first time juggling villagers between production and food, nor is is my first time moving armies around. On easy the game claims that ""the French could win Agincourt."" Still, the AI wipes the floor with me. Did I maybe miss something crucial in the tutorial?Slooooooooooooooooooooow animations. Even if you win / lose a combat, you have to sit through watching the surviving units on the board do a little shuffle. Moving around the map is pretty slow too. Maybe a speed slider for that? I mean I don't want to feel like I'm watching something in fast-forward, but being able to kick it up one notch would be pretty great.Pathing is a complete crapshoot, and when certain spaces or actions cost you ALL the remaining movement, this is a BIG deal. Also if I mis-click an area, no matter how fast I click to correct it, there's no going back. On a side note breaking sieges is pretty wtf too. I had to path clear around my entire city, which took a while during winter, to break a siege. If the attacking army is only on one side of the city, that's not really a ""siege."" That's ""hey let's everyone sneak out the back where it's unguarded.""So yeah, if you want a good 4X fantasy, go give Fallen Enchantress a shot. Or if you're an actual wizard and can get Master of Magic running, play that - it's the original ""weird races + FIDS + fantasy strategy."" If you want a good space 4X, Endless Space is good. For some reason though, they really extra failed with this one. It turned me off enough that I'm proooooobably not gonna buy from Amplitude again."
,Recommended,289130,13677268,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kryopsis,"Endless Legend is a remarkable game. Not only is it the best 4X to come out in the past several years but it is also the only game that compares favourably to Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri. Like in Alpha Centauri, each faction has a distinctive appearance, ethos, story progression and presents a radically unique way to play the game. The setting is just as exciting: it is a far cry from traditional Tolkien-influenced high fantasy and instead proudly walks the dividing line between sci-fi and fantasy. A lot more can be said about Endless Legend so I'll keep it brief: it is a gorgeous, original, intelligent game and if you like 4X titles, you must try it out!"
,Recommended,289130,10025205,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Sporkmonger,"The game is still a bit buggy, but as early access games go, this one's a lot more fun than most. There's a few issues with buying items and sieging cities that are resolved primarily by reloading from the last autosave. A bunch of the later tier technology tree  branches are unimplemented, but honestly, you really never get a chance to reach the last era in most cases. If you're playing for an elimination victory, the game is quite likely to be over before the end of the third era (~200ish turns). I do hope they add more races and perhaps additional strategic depth as development continues. I found manual hex-combat not-that-interesting and switched to auto-resolution after the first 10 or so battles."
76561198031998410,Recommended,289130,10141948,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Aphala,"I love it! Still a lot of bugs but Early Access is Early Access...unlike Earth 2066...This has actual potential! AND will fufil it's badasserry! <3 Worth the purchase if you like Civ series YOU will like this! You can armour up your Heros with Tiers of armour once you upgrade certain areas! If you like Upgrading games or just the feeling of upgrading in general then this is worth a shot! Amazing developers that need all the support they can get!Pros:~ Civ series feel~ Upgradepocolypse~ Hectic managment for micromanging nut cases and none micro people!~ Looks AMAZING for early game access~ I love the Endless series (Endless Space, Dungeon of the Endless and THIS!)~ Potential is high and these devs WILL provid it!Cons:~Nothing really bar bugs, but that's to be expected in Early Access games:)"
,Recommended,289130,13134300,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Too Much Thyme On My Hands,"This game is now one of my favorite 4x games, Very unique and colorful. Each Faction feels unique with it's own storyline. And on top of all that you can even create you own faction with it's own up's and downs. Only problem is the learning curve to the game. And as someone who hates playing tutorials and often skips them, I basiclly need to play it to understand how to play the game, however I can safely say I Highly Recommend this game for any fan of 4x or anyone looking for a good 4x game."
,Recommended,289130,16111943,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Xanatos,I like
76561197993229711,Recommended,289130,12302854,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Raa Yaar,"One of the best 4x games I have played. Played for about 20 hours so far and everything about this game feels thoroughly polished and well thought out. I absolutely love the UI, art, city building, army customisation... Learning curve can be a bit steep, but you'll be able to play effectively on your second game.10/10 so far!"
,Recommended,289130,12267519,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Mr. Knows What's Good,"I will compare this to Civ 5 since most people will probably have had experience with that title, due to the fact it can be considered one of the most popular 4x games out there right now.Endless Legend is a 4x game similar to Civ 5 but with many changes and improvments that makes it really stand out from Civ.First off, I always found the nations in Civ 5 to be really similar to one another. Two things would be differnt between them all, like a unique unit or building and a special ability that most of the time I don't really notice and thats it, everything else is pretty cookie cutter and the same.Now I can understand why it's like that, human civilizations did develop and have similar technologys at around the same as eachother.But since Endless Legend is set in a fantasy setting they could develop these really unique factions. They all play and look and feel differnt. For instance, one faction is a cult of creepy living doll like beings who can only build one city,but they can pretty much build it into a super city and can convert minor factions to there cult to do there bidding!Or how about another faction where you can't really do much diplomatically and you are just one big war mongering swarm of blood thirsty zerg-like insects who spread in a fashion similar to the zombie plauge that feed on your fallen enemies? And on the opposite end of the spectrum, You have the opportunity to play as dragons that use there vast knowledge and prestige to force people to do what you want them to do through the power of diplomacy? And who says actions speak louder than words?Alot of thought as gone into this game, not just gameplay wise but lore wise aswell. This game boasts a very deep and interesting lore that shares the same universe with 3 other games this developer has well...developed. Not only are the factions histories deep but the worlds is too. It's an absolute joy to read up on the lore of this games and those connected to it. If you like deep lore I am sure you will enjoy what this game has to offer.The graphics are nice too, they are not next gen or anything, but they are good looking. They use them very well too and make a world that looks very imaginative such as trees shooting blazing flames from its branches, large forbidding pits that lead down to dens which contain giant spider women hybrids. And so on and so fourth. The game also contains 2d art aswell which looks stunning. Some of it is even animated and is very nice to watch.Some gameplay elements that differ from Civ 5 and this game is that this game got rid of manually telling what tiles you wanted to be worked,now every tile that is in the cities range is automatically being worked on. So instead you can now put your workers into these little check boxes that will increase the amount of resources you gain that that particular check box represents.Some people may have liked the micro management that civ 5 had in that respect but I personally found it tedious and boring and much prefer this system of doing it which gets you the same outcome but with alot less time wasted.Another change is the research tree in this game. You dont have to know specific technologies in this game to get more powerful versions of previous ones, or to advance to the next era, you just have to research enough of the current era to advance to the next era.Battles are differnt too. When units fight they take a small portion of the surrounding map and then have turn based tactical fights going on. Using the terrian is important since it gives you boosts in combat and you have to be weary of your units stats since they matter quite a bit in these skirmishes.There's alot more to this game that I haven't touched, and it would take a long while to explain it all, but I hope that you get a good idea of what this game is about and its quality. If your a fan of 4x games, fantasy or just strategy games in general I think you wont regret giving this game a try."
76561197980066523,Recommended,289130,13749165,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,<eVa> Torven,This is the game I wanted Beyond Earth to be.
,Recommended,289130,12342035,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,reedmilfam,"Thumbs up because it is above the good/not good threshold.What I like:1) There's a role-play of the civilization you pick. It also plays into Endless Space (and maybe the other Endless game, but I don't have it). That is a neat feature and I love it2) Visuals for the most part. The map is gorgeous but sometimes it's hard to find that there are lootable sites on it. The unit appearnces and animations are poor, however3) The ability to see tile yields4) The neat way resources are harvested and a part of the game5) Many quests and different ways to approach the gameWhat I don't:1) The super long lag between selecting an action and something happening (no longer a problem - seems like the game is better optimized)2) Encountering units early on that wipe out yours. Particularly because I can't determine the strength of enemies until too late (due to my lack of knowledge. I've learned a LOT through trial and error)3) The long build times for anything. It has the Civ V keep advancing turn 'cause nothing is happening' problem (not as bad as it was when I first got the game - maybe something better optimized)4) Poor Man-Machine-Interface. Too many clicks to accomplish things (nowhere near as bad any more, again suspected to be caused by tweaks to the game)Overall, worth having, but I probably won't play it often. If I see updates, particularly optimization/speeding up things, I might be more patient with it. But a minute plus load time (fast machine, mind you) and then about two minutes from the setup to playing do not a happy ninjaGhost make.[EDIT] Since writing, there have been multiple DLC releases, which greatly improved the game. The load times are still really long, but the feature that allows the player to speed up combat mechanics is very nice and prevents the long delays during fights. Now, this is my favorite city builder ever (just nudged Civ IV out of top billing.> Each race is unique and feels like a completely different game based on who you play> Game mechanics differ for different species> Much deeper experience with all of the modifications.BUY THIS GAME. Seriously. Buy it. Then play it."
76561198001583539,Recommended,289130,15465856,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Known Issues,"Endless Legend does so many new things with the 4X genre and it does them exceedingly well. Here's a short list. And don't take my word for it, you can see this stuff in countless, nay endless, reviews:-Beautiful map inspired by the opening to Game of Thrones. Best map in strategy gaming? Surely a contender. It's crack to the map lover/model builder/graphics head.-Factions are unique. Can't declare war with one. Feed off the slain with another. A third makes pillars and casts spells based on pain. Another can force peace on opponents. Their play is unique, and how they fit together to form the world is compelling.-New fangled take on the tech tree that really works and doesn't shoehorn you down avenues of research.-The integration of quests and other rpg elements that link to a deep lore in a way not done before. It's good writing.If they got just one or two of these things really right, EL would deserve a spot in your library. They do all four with finesse and polish. Then theres the different approach to regional management and settling, the unique combat system that I really enjoy, the immersive story elements, and the ways that fighting can take place even in the absence of all out war, which empire builders have sorely needed.For all these changes, Endless Legend is definitely a 4x game. You plant cities, explore the terrain looking for treasure but also questing for adventure - as the minor civs have villages that issue quests that provide rewards, allocate workers, grow your research and economy, confront other civs, make nice or make war.Something about the world really sucks you in. There is funny mix of sci fi and fantasy elements. I am not a particular fantasy fan, but the lore and the world really feels inhabited and compelling.There have been a number of good 4x games that have come out recently. My point here is you: can't go wrong with this one."
76561198143503618,Recommended,289130,17977748,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Grabthar's Hammer,"This game is incredible: 4x taken to the next level.  A lush beautiful word with a very rich system of units, resources, lands, heroes, research, and stuff to conquer.  I'm at 121 hours and I am still replaying over and over.  Probably the most significant aspect of the game is that each faction is truly unique and must be played drastically differently based upon their strengths and weaknesses.  There are enough types of victory conditions for balance so that there is not one ""all powerful"" faction.  Also add-on content is first class and each adds still deeper depths to the game.  Only con of the game is that you only have partial control of units during combat … but in its own weird way this ends up adds to the strategy."
76561198158149244,Recommended,289130,13754458,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,tuckboat,"9/10Civilization 5 has got a serious contender for the Throne. If your a fan of Civ this should be in your library already.For the casual and new the genre I'll start off by saying that this game can be a bit slow paced and the learning curve makes for some frustrating early moments. However there is more depth here than in just about every other game I've played this year. If you like strategy, sim, godgames you've got to let yourself experience this.Enjoy"
76561198008726509,Recommended,289130,13260960,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Mistriever,"Fun game, but the winter mechanic makes longer games extremely tedious, particularly after about turn 300 or so. Play through the tutorial or read the manual because there are a number of functions essential to playing that aren't common to other games in the genre. A steeper learning curve than comparable games like Civ5 but extremely addicitve.If you are running 64-bit windows you need to download the 32-bit patch or it will start crashing on you constantly. The patch can be found in the Steam library. Right click on Endless Legend, click on properties, betas tab, and select the 32-bit for 64-bit users. Clears up all the crashing issues."
,Recommended,289130,9953959,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Revan,"This game is a must buy for strategy gamers. Period.The Maps are broken up into regions, these regions are usually quite large and you can only build a single city in a region. However that city can be expanded multiple times until it takes over most of the region. Not sure if there is a limit to how far it can expand, have not tried it yet.Combat is very much like Civilization in that you can just let the combat take place and sit back and watch or you can fight it manually and go into a Final Fantasy Tactics like battle mode.Research is rather streamlined and not as confusing as Civilization, you know what you are researching and what it does. There does not seem to be research chains just research what you want as long as you are in that era.All in all I can't wait for multiplayer to get in this game. It will be fun"
76561198056330724,Recommended,289130,14301368,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,I am a Professional Pro HALLELOO,"Stunning ;O;. i have played civ for a majority of my life, but this wipes the floor XD. Really flawless game."
,Recommended,289130,10219148,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Droitzel,"This will be my first review, actually, so cut me some slack. I'll goo through things I find important.First off, all these features about bonus factions and mini factions like Drakens that you can get through early access will not be given to you DURING early access. You will have them, but not until later on. I decided this was important because I spent 3 separate games trying solely to find the little mini factions and all that.Second off, there are multiple features in here that are shown, but not yet accessible- namely the tutorial mode. Thankfully, there ARE tutorials out there on youtube, and pretty good ones at that. If you're not one for tutorials, I figured out most of what the game has to offer by the time I finished my 5th game. Also not available are little things like adding friends into your game, setting your army to standby until an enemy enters it's vision, and so on. Pretty much the only feature I found to be excrutiating when left out was the tutorial, but that was most certainly due to the fact that I've never really played a game like this before, actually.Thirdly, I never needed to use the CD keys-yes, there are two for the founders- so I'm not sure if I'm actually playing the most up to date version or anything.  The game still works, mind, but I'm just wondering if I'm breaking any rules. I HAVE the key. I  would LIKE to put it in, but the game isn't asking for it.Now that those three extremely important details are over with, let's go over what I like and dislike.Compliments:1. For a non-gaming rig like mine, the graphics are still gorgeous. Seriously, the detail in the land you will see is astonishingly good.2. The music is very much focused on ambience, except when you are manually taking part in battles and such. That said, it creates the PERFECT feel for the game.3. For an early access, they really did well with the settings. There are a ton of options focused solely on adapting the notifications system (which is so, so nice.... really, it's amazing.), but it is extensive in other areas as well. Suffice it to say you will be able to adapt the game almost entirely to your liking, when playing against AI's. I still am not sure how playing against other players will change things, but I'm looking forward to that.4. Despite the lack of tutorial, it was easy enough someone entirely new to the genre to pick up and puzzle out. After my third game (and I hadn't finished any at that point, I was just trying characters until I unlocked the 3rd Age), I was comfortable in my knowledge of it. So it's pretty intuitive if a guy like me can learn the ropes in such a short time.For the most part, that's all I want to reveal about this game, as I sincerely want those reading to have plenty left to discover when they play it.Complaints:1. No tutorial. My biggest, most important complaint.2. This game does crash every once in a while. On the bright side, it autosaves quite often, and I'm never forced to backtrack very far when I load the game up again, so it's really just a minor inconvenience.3. I find it VERY hard to make peace with other people. For some arcane reason, they just never take that option, so it always ends up being a war. Quite annoying. That said, it's probably MY fault, I just haven't figured out why yet....That's it. Three complaints is all I can muster against an ALPHA version. This game is so darn good that once the bugs get ruled out and all the features are there, this game is pretty much a must-have. If you read this long review, I thank you for sticking with it, and I hope it persuades you into buying it as soon as possible- it's so worth it."
,Recommended,289130,10078227,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Captain-Weasly,"This game is an EARLY ACCESS, which means contents are not 100% available yet. Made by the creator's of Endless Space, this title is yet another awesome game by them, whith a spice from Endless Space and inspirations from Civilization, it takes place on ground in a fantasy setting rather than futuristic in space.Although this is a game that I am really looking foward into, it is having a certain of bugs that could be by-passed by restarting the game. I know people will compain about them and give negative reponses, but Rome was not being built in one day!So far in the game, as of 10th May, 2014, I enjoyed the game a lot after beating Outlast: Whistleblower and Dark Souls II. I just can't wait until next update in which new content are going to be delivered, keep up the good work, devs!   :)"
76561197981435714,Recommended,289130,26016779,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Worthless Towel,"This game is just great. It feels almost perfect the way it is done. The graphics are incredible, the immersion is complete. It's a masterpiece of a game.The combat, many people complain about it but I find it to be within the most strategic combat system I have ever seen in a non-Total-War 4X.You provide orders before the start of a turn. Units with higher initiatives start first. Not only you need to make the correct assumption concerning your units, but you need to make assumptions with the other player moves. If you are for example playing Stalwarts, you know you'll play last, so you won't tell everyone to attack a specific unit because probably it will have moved somewhere else. At this point your units will start disturbing one an another and you'll lose the battle.So in this case you must builda strategy to make sure your defense will hold, units will support each other etc.On the opposite, you play a faster faction, it will be easier to plan how the turn will evolve, but certainly your units are weaker so you must take advantage of having the initiative to kill where the enemy is weak.IT IS A GREAT GAME!!!!!! You have to buy it."
,Recommended,289130,23014525,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,X4MHD,"AMPLITUDE Studiosis not a name that is up there with the big ones, yet they have produced 3 games that did reasonably well and have been on the Steam spotlight several times:Endless Space,Dungeon of the Endlessand this one (withEndless Space 2expected later in 2016). The Endless lore connecting the 3 games together, albeit not interactive.While Endless Space received some critique on lack of personality, Endless Legend spins around any issues with a thorough execution. It has netted Aggregator & Publication score marks above 80% and a RPS GOTY 2014.Do like it?The beauty of Endless Legend is that of all the 4X I have played, this is one I can come back to (after a year), load up a save game and play right away without thinking that I should probably start over. Things make sense, the logic is there and one can jump right back in, even though there's layers of: quest running, customizing, ruins attending, resource managing, city governing, weather calculating and village raiding - just to name a few.Yes, I do like it.Moreso than I do the latest iterations of Civilization or any of the other 4X TBS. It's a colorful game, brilliantly molded to fit your tastes through customization of the map, factions, units, cities and even armies. One can grow their cities, level their heroes and units. It is entirely possible to hire mercenaries and have them attack another faction without them knowing you sent them. Then there are the quests: world events, faction quests, side quests, village quests, ruin(dungeon) quests. These all add flavor to the game so you always have something to do in that turn, even if it is just army movement.Do recommend it?Had this game since 2014, but the shortcut has never once left my desktop screen. I have currently a little over 100 hrs logged playing it due to the fact that this game wasn't optimized for integrated graphics at first. However, Amplitude has remedied that and the game plays like a charm. So, likely those hours will increase.I do, including the DLC.Endless Legend is a full game that happens to have DLC expansions.So, if you're into 4X TBS with RPG elements, you're good to go with this one!"
76561197980111659,Recommended,289130,23963106,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Stryder2384,"Wonderful game, in my opinion much deeper & more varied then Civ (although don't get me wrong, Civ is amazing).PROS- Each playable race plays distinctly different from another- More to combat than stats & dice rolls- Great UI, easy to navigate- Great art style, animations, music all work together well- LORE, also extends to the other games, which gives a great continuity to the worldCONS- Much more complicated then CIV (a pro in my opinion, but not for everyone)- Lot's of menus, finding information can be difficult at first- mid-late game is often a slog- Games can run away from you (get you in a position where it's very difficult to win)- Playable races, though fun, are not balanced well- Guests can be fun, or can build up & be ignored"
,Recommended,289130,12852000,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,raixel,"This, hands down, is the best 4x to come out in recent years. It takes all the good points of Civ (management of resouces, cities, buildings, units, diplomacy ect) and mixes it with some minor unit tactics and hex based battles, as opposed to just running a unit over another and the game calculating the battle (although there is an auto battle feature if you want it). I prepfer the fantasy setting of the game to the real-world setting of Civ, myself.The factions are varied and interesting, and actually do have differences between them as far as they play. (IMHO, many 4x games have only minor differences between the races/factions whatever and its mostly a cosmetic thing). Yes it does have some flaws, but they are minor and overall, its amazingThe 4x genre has been suffering in recent years, but I think this game's going to end up as classic as MoO2. And it deserves to be."
,Recommended,289130,25988943,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Static Avis,"Highly reccomend this game. The only issue with it is the small playerbase and the mid game focus on dust production but both of those can be remedied or worked around. Much replayablility, and the soundtrack is as gorgeous as the game itself."
,Recommended,289130,26044098,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Goku,"Good game! i bought all DLC, worth it"
,Recommended,289130,26099502,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Spear Deer,"The 4x that got me playing 4x. Before I couldn't beat easy AI in literally anything, and now I see how quickly I can beat the hard AI. Made me appreciate the genre when no other 4x could, and opened me up to a new side of gaming. Forever thankful and always excited to play."
,Recommended,289130,29085932,Posted: 7 January,all,Old Gregg,Like civ but sexier
,Recommended,289130,29312640,Posted: 17 January,all,Bitgod,"Wow, wish I had payed attention and gotten this game sooner, it's a lot of fun.  For some reason seeing ""fantasy"" in the description turned me off, so I had ignored it, but once I got a chance to try it, I loved it."
,Recommended,289130,29641847,Posted: 1 February,all,blazerclaw,"What can I say, I'll put a simple, it's Civilization V that is harder and has fantasy aspects. Worth the money if you those three things attract you."
76561198068851657,Recommended,289130,30164516,Posted: 25 February,all,proof28h,"I suppose this one already has zillions of positive reviews. I don't care - I'll add another one. I played for... maybe an hour? and I can already see this is a pretty good game. I thought I would have to play Shogun 2 for the rest of my life but Endless Legend might save me.In short, this is probably your game if:-you liked Eador/Broken World but wanted it to be a bit more complex-you liked Civilization and wished it would go fantasy-you liked Civ and wanted a bit better battle system-you like games where skill and luck both play a part-you like customisable games-you are not a big hack&slash fan but rather like to plan and learn-you like large games with specific goals-you like the idea of combined adventure and empire buildingOne of the best features so far: the game got stuck when a battle was just starting (waiting for opponent). Most games would have crashed at this point, but EL let me save the game, reload it, and start the battle - this time successfully. This is some good coding the way I see it.(The rest of the review is mostly just rambling. tl;dr works here.)After playing for a day or so:I'm hooked. I don't know if this game is much deeper than the ordinary 4X game, but it feels that way. It seems as if the designers have taken the best bits of several different games of different genres and slapped together a frankensteinian.... you get the point. Let me elaborate a bit:-you get tasks, major and minor. Some are very easy and can be completed on the spot if you have the right resources about you, some take at least 50 turns to complete. This alone keeps the game going for me.-you battle against different beings with VERY customisable armies (and the customization actually makes a difference).-you have heroes that progress and can use different weapons, armor and trinkets. This is one of my favourite aspects of any game.-you develop your empire. This works pretty much the same as in Civ: grow too fast (or too large) and the people will rebel. Science seems to be the key, along with a few other factors. More interesting mechanics than in any comparable game I've played.-tactics and strategy work together in (at least) a couple of different ways. Not sure yet if it gets more complicated/many-sided as the game progresses. I hope it does.-winter. A great idea.-empire boosters. A great idea.The battle screen could be better... I would be overawed if this game had similar battles as Total War games have - but this is no big deal. The strategic side is more important.The game, all in all, is like a souped-up version of Heroes of Might and Magic or similar, if you want it in a nutshell. Like a rocket is a souped-up version of a slingshot missile.After two days of play:It's hard to quit and go to bed. Very immersive. The graphics look great - at first they looked a bit clumsy but the idea is that different elevations of landscape are easier to see.Fun to play. Challenging enough. Looks good. What else could you ask of a video game? Non-stop action perhaps, but that one's not my thing. I have an attention span.I will edit this review after getting through some campaigns."
76561198159572891,Recommended,289130,30277855,Posted: 2 March,all,thehappycorvid,"Beautifully done. The game plays extremely well, has some great strategic depth, the lore is engaging and fairly original, and there always seems to be new ways to play the game. It also doesn't hurt that the game looks really nice and has an OST worth listening to on its own. From what I've seen, the devs are active, care about the playerbase, and actually listen to valid ideas and critique. The standard version is pretty much the average price of a new big name release nowadays, if not cheaper. The only real problems  I've run into with it is occasional graphic and memory issues, and I'm pretty sure that's user-end, so I can't really let it affect my opinion of the product as when it works, it works very well. If you like strategy games and civilization-growing/4X-type games, you can't go wrong with Endless Legend.9/10"
,Recommended,289130,31514848,Posted: 2 May,all,Kenny,"Endless Legend is tied with Civilization V as my favorite 4X game. Get the Collection that has all the DLC.What really made this game for me was the visual aesthetic and setting. I'd describe it as ""Sci-Fantasy"". The game is absolutely beautiful and I love the style. The watercolor art, tilt-shift, and high contrast lighting created a really unique vibe.I played as the Allayi and progressed through the game mainly by focusing on the quests. They aren't too involved and some of them can give you almost unattainable goals or crappy rewards due to how they're generated, but I did enjoy doing most of them. The lore and mystery surrounding it had me enthralled.I can't speak much for balance since I haven't played all the factions, but they each have their own playstyles. Each faction has its own distinct units, and there's a lot more variation between factions than what you see in most 4X games.Skeptical at first due to the mixed reviews, I was really glad to pick it up. Yes it can have a learning curve and be somewhat confusing at first, but 99% of the information you need IS there. Not all of the notifications are enabled at first so I highly suggest going into the gameplay settings and enabling ALL notifications, that way the start-of-turn notifications will be on par with Civ. The user interface isn't the greatest either, you'll know your way around after a few hours in the game.Wait for the Collection (game + all DLC) to go on sale and you won't regret giving it a chance."
76561197994853960,Recommended,289130,24121941,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,drrakn,Currently my favorite 4X game (although Stelaris is a close second). Zoomable detail levels on the map are particularly well handled (and the art assets are really nice). I played an absurd number of hours of Civ II when it first came out and this is the first one that has merited a second playthrough.My only grump is that I wish there was a more consistent set of hot keys (clicking through notifications that you just want a quick look at gets tedious by turn 400).
76561198068079580,Recommended,289130,26023570,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Dibgame,"This game is great.The art is amazing, The gameplay and combat are good, its just all round a great game.My personal favorite features include the art style and detail (too many games are going pixel art and its killing me) and the early interactions with the map in terms of minor factions and other players.The only thing i can fault the game for is lack of engagement in the late game (keeping in mind that i play either with casual people who take the game slow or vs bots). The turns late game go for a very long time and it prevents me from getting enjoyment from the late game.That said though it is still worth getting if you like 4X games and good art, if its on sale then its a steal and all the expansions i have played released by them have been fairly priced and add more depth to the game9/10"
,Recommended,289130,26041150,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Coraxus,One of the best turn-based strategy 4X games I have ever played.
,Recommended,289130,26060055,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[√ιק] Young God,"Endless Legend... What can i say?First - Game is really beautiful, really hard to belive that Civilization is the game of the same typeSecond - Soundtrack, awesome, it helps to get in the atmosphere of the gameThird - Gameplay, it will take you in for hours and hours, it needs very logical thinking to win even with the plant, yeah i told that, for every aspect you need to think.In shortcut, Endless Legend is one of the best games, you should play"
,Recommended,289130,26079747,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Happy Dead Guy,Love most of it hate some of it.. can't get anuff of it.
76561198053895242,Recommended,289130,26081654,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mazetto,"Very solid game for a 4X strategy game.Stunning Visuals. Character models very detailed and extremely well made. A nice array of equipment to choose and equip your heroes and troops. The game has quite a lot of factions to play and they do play very differently from one another, giving you a lot of replay value, as well as a lot of play styles and strategies to use.For instance you can go and build a huge empire with an entire array of cities with a certain faction, bur this same strategy might not work so well with another faction.The game does offer a lot of depth in almost every single aspect of a turn based 4X strategy game. You have a whole lot of resources you can explore and make use of, a lot of special tiles with different effects. Minor factions you can actually assmilate to your empire and add to your strategies.Heroes leveling is also interesting, since you can have quite a few options to focus on, such as a army commander or a city mayor.Another truly commendable aspect of the game is its soundtrack. Its really amazing, one of the best I've seen in this genre so far. You never, absolutelly never get tired of it. Most important, you do not find yourself thinking that this soundtrack is annoying, or turning its volume down.You should certainly get this game!"
,Recommended,289130,29268201,Posted: 15 January,all,Жора,"At last I got my hands on this beauty. Excellent 4x strategy, one of the best in its genre."
,Recommended,289130,33226559,Posted: 4 July,all,Cogsworth[TEC],"Endless Legend is a solid 4x that stands up against other giants of the genre such as Civilization. The graphics are great, UI is clean and everything in the game is pretty intuative. On top of this the story and world are unique and interesting. The gameplay itself can be a bit basic for veterans of the genre, with more advanced additions only made available through DLC. That said I think that the base game is enjoyable by itself, and the fact that all the races play very differently gives quite a bit depth and replayability to the game.All-in-all a great 4x for a fraction of the price of similar games, though to get the full experience you may want to wait for a sale and get the bundle with the game and all the DLC.Edit: After delving back into the game I can safely say that there is a lot of depth to be had. Although the systems themselves are simple and easy to understand, there is hidden complexity thinking about how they interact with each other and how best to use things to your advantage."
,Recommended,289130,26021554,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MacGruber,"My second 4x game, since Civ IV.  Its pretty great. Easy to learn if you are familiar with 4x.  The traits for each race are very unique in that they definitely curve your decisions in early game.  Each Expansion is fair in price when its on sale :P.Graphics are pretty good for today.Sounds are lacking  , you pretty much feel like you are hearing the same soundtrack every game.Races are interesting and fun to play with . Never a dull race.Gameplay. easily accessible.Mods and custimization makes the game further accessible.It is really a must have if you like 4x. Amplitude knows how to make these games and their future titles should not disappoint."
76561198087738994,Recommended,289130,25985554,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,PROMEK,"Mix Civilization-like strategy with RPG genre where you have heroes, loot and quests. All in epic science+magic setting of Endless Space universe. Great art directing and epic soundtrack.Real flaw is lack of local multiplayer, I was very disappointed with that. But that goes to all of Amplitude strategies.I've forgiven this flaw because of great solo gameplay though. One of my most favorite strategies ever."
76561198021578255,Recommended,289130,26079137,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,wherewithall,DOH! if  i had waited 2 weeks i could have saved 75% on endless legends bundle. Oh well its a great game
76561197965417397,Recommended,289130,28716717,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jack,"I highly recommend this game! I've been a long time fan of 4X games and I find Endless Legend perfectly balances heroes alongside the traditional 4X experience. Where Endless Legend stands out is the differences between civilizations. Nearly every civilization stands out and feels like a completely new experience. Many other games only differentiate civilizations with a few units and bonuses. In Endless Legend it feels like a completely new game when you load up a new Civilization.I've recently played other games *cough Civ VI*and found myself going back to Endless Legend because of it's perfect mix of accessibility and depth. It doesn't take 50+turns to begin to feel invested in your civilization, from the very beginning the quest system helps guide you through pacifying local tribes and expanding your empire.I didn't take to the game until they second time I started it - the wealth of customization can be overwhelming at first but if you can focus on the game and pay attention to the tooltips (Upgrade your units weapons!) you'll be rewarded with hours of immersive gameplay."
,Recommended,289130,13142292,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SyLaR_MoZZZg,WINTER IS COMING!
,Recommended,289130,9940580,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Dagonus,"If you liked Endless Space, Civilization, HoMM, or a lot of other strategy games where you build cities and invade places, you'll love this. For an Early Access, it feels remarkably polished. Several featrues are missing but what has been released in the current version is well done and fun."
,Recommended,289130,15318677,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,UnKnown Player,"This could be viewed as a fantasy version of the Civ series with the same kind of quality and graphical finish but with a richer and more developed background. Take control of one of several races each with their own challenges and abilities and lead them to greatness. Use your units to subjugate or diplomatically ally yourself with minor factions around the map, destroy your enemies or go for the diplomatic victory. In contrast to Civ it also has a simple combat system where your units can be given general orders and fight it out on a replica of the strategic map meaning that where you engage enemies can actually make a difference.Research and science progresses through a tree system allowing you to determine your own path of advancement but then impacts on the game worl by unlocking the ability to build new buildings on the strategic map outside of your cities, craft new items for your heroes and equip your troops with new weapons / armous."
,Recommended,289130,9942524,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,GamingMantis,"This is an awesome game. My friends that love civ V say that this is much more enjoayable. I personally didn't love Civ V, but this blew me away. The graphics are beatiful, the customization vast and the story great. You might say, there is no campaign, but you are missing something. Each faction has their own major questline, along with amazing lore. For instance you have to parley with 2 villages to find out more about your brothers death ( ardent mages faction). It is plain old amazing. The multiplayer is fine, as long as the host is a baby and disconnects when you start seigeing him( That sucks), but the game is in beta... They will improve multiplayer. If the game stayed just like this, didn't even change or fix more bugs ( ther aren't too many.), I would still buy it anyday. The factions are all 100% unique and play differently( there is going to be 8 in total, there are 6 as of tomorrow.) You can have trade routes and ship harbors and highways and pillars and blah blah blah. If you are considering this game, buy it. It is one of the best games I've ever played.~SincerelyGamingmantis"
76561197960314958,Recommended,289130,9959007,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Lëgënd,"Though still in Alpha Testing and being rough around the edges due to that fact, the game already has great gameplay.  It does tend to crash, but for an alpha it is already as good as other similar games I've played of the same genre.  If you've ever played Endless Space, this is basically a must.  It has elements of many of the current turn-based games but has it's own unique feel, play, and style that anyone can quickly enjoy."
,Recommended,289130,13529740,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,simone.spinozzi,"Amongst the many 4x fantasy strategy games, this is the one that for me mostly re-creates Masters of Magic, even though there is no magic. The kind of troop management, and the variety of troops, villages, natives and vastness of the world is commendable.These people seem to like this ""endless"" setting, having done a 4x fantasy, a 4x sci-fi and even a sci-fi dungeon crawler. Next i'm expecting a visual novel just to round up the genres. XDSeriously, though. The only problem that i find in this game is that it seems very forgiving. I mean i have a race  that by design is limited to >A SINGLE CITY< which i took just to see how screwed i could get in a single playthrough, yet i'm in the third era (out of 4) an i yet have to be obliterated into oblivion. And i only have the 4 troops (plus 3 militia) that you are allowed to keep in the city (plus a few roaming ones). And yes, it's the first time i'm playing this game.So... yes, a tad too easy. But if you can forgive this thing the game itself is strangely enough full of lore to explore and full of strange sights, resources and friends to meet. It even has (weirdly enough for a 4x title) a quest system that allows you to pacifically annex neutral cities. It's weird but i dig it."
76561198029272640,Recommended,289130,12092478,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,nohelpforu,"This is a first glance review as I've only had one hour of gameplay so far, however I do feel it's enough since I've played games by this studio before.First off, for an early access game it doesn't feel like anything is missing, after playing the tutorial, and an hour of real game, it feels like it is complete. Units all feel balanced (even if it IS possible to get some OP roaming armies kicking down your door in the first 20 turns) and the ability to customize heroes and units feel similar to unit customization of other 4x games by this studio, but again, more robust. To go into detail, you upgrade individual items through research, you equip basic unit types by creating new units off of your base units, then giving them equipments of differing tiers, like if you could create armies in a similar way to equiping a WOW character.Assimilating nearby cities feels like a great way to add unique races to your population, I've never seen a strategy game that had that system before.For how the ame feels and handles, it is VERY inuitive. You never feel like its holding your hand throughout, but 4X games are plagued with hard UI and steep learning curves, something this game doesnt have. The tutorial can be skipped altogether and most people could play without issue.The theming of the game is also very fun. I personally enjoy high fantasy lore, and this game definately feels unique while still staying true to the Tolkien feel of most good fantasy games. Monsters are varied, quests and history are detailed, and the world generation is robust and fun to explore. It is also very beautiful.Frankly it doesnt feel like an alpha stage game. Perhaps I'll run into some issues later, but for the first hour, nothing has gone wrong, and I've been having a blast.The only thing I would suggest for this game is to include at least twice as many races to choose from, as the worlds can be massive (up to 8 players suggested) while there are only 7 player races. The studio who created Endless legend also brought one of my favourite space strategy games to life with a similar race selection, and it felt limited in the same way. There is only one race with a conquest suggested victory condition, similar to econemy and diplomacy, while there are two science races. Seems like this could be expanded, especially when the game feels so replayable. It would feel stale fighting across the ages with the same 7 races. As this game feels so much like a fantasy Civilization game, perhaps 14-20 unique races could be written (not a hard request as the requirey only a unique city, some faction art, 4 race specific units, faction questline, and traits, which is not much compared to most strategy games).This game is also a bit of a CPU hog, for slower computers you may want to play more limited maps, but again, I experienced no great framerate drops or lag, or even freezing that I experience on comparable strat. games.Review at a glance 8/10.Great artEach race feels  uniqueNew concepts that work wellSoundtrack is sexyQuests are pretty metalUI is intuitive and easy to learnDifficulty can be erraticFeels limited in regards to races and unitsAI is pretty stupid, for now (think civ5 mixed with any game from this studio)"
,Recommended,289130,22317301,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Fredo-Sensei,I suck at every strategy and 4x games but yet I  really enjoy this gem. mastapiece/20 mah boiz.
,Recommended,289130,15808326,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Psychrom,"Perhaps one of the best 4X style games I have ever played, hands down.To be quite honest, Civilization used to be my favorite game in the 4X category. I grew up playing that and the Age of Empires games. Unfortunately for my childhood memories, these games pale in comparison to the content, richness, and style that Endless Legend gives.When I first saw this game on steam, I originally thought what most people thought: ""Oh great, another Civilization rip-off."" When I saw this was on-sale in some pack, I decided to purchase it just to see what it was. The moment I started the game, I was blown away. It runs better, it looks better, it plays better, there's more people playing it, and it has amazing support. Furthermore, if you have Games2Gether points, you can help shape the game itself (not that feedback doesn't, but the points system is pretty cool).And finally, it's challenging. I STILL haven't been able to beat the AI on Endless mode yet, even though the hardest difficulty in Civ 5 is a cakewalk.This game was worth the 29.99$ I spent for it in the pack, and I'd gladly spend 150$ flat for this game, with no add-ons (which, by the way, are amazing). It is that good, and I recommend this over any other 4X game, including Endless Space, another game by the same publisher.I honestly have never been more impressed by a videogame than this one, and I have played a LOT of games.Don't take just my word for it though, read all the other reviews, most will say the same thing. This game is amazing."
76561197989766649,Recommended,289130,17848579,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Kråka,Highly addictive 4X game that combines the best elements of the Civ style empire management with empire specific techs and strategys and add a huge dose of good old HOMM into the mix! Most innovative game in the 4X genre for some time and a strong recommendation.
,Recommended,289130,10006983,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,PotatoMcWhiskey,"If you're on the fence, wait there until the game is more complete.If you're considering buying it early, then wait.If you, like me, are an absolute fiend for grand strategy games then don't hesitate to pick this game up. It plays somewhat like a blend of Civilization, Endless Space and Age of Wonders 3 except it has a lot of unique mechanics going for itself with regards to how you grow your cities aswell as each in-game race having its own mechanics pertaining. For example there is a race who can only grow in population by spending ""Money"" or ""Dust"". This gives you far greater control over the growth of your empire, but you must also have to consider when and where you spend your Dust, as population is not the only thing you can spend it on.There are also minor races in the game that you can incorporate into your empire, they give bonuses to your units depending on how many settlements of theirs you have pacified within your borders but they also give you access to other bonuses like a unique unit or two pertaining to that particular race.Those of you familiar with Galactic Civilization and Endless Space aswell as quite a few other 4x/Grand Strategy games you can fully customise nearly every aspect of your units, aswell as the technological goals of your empire.This level of control is fairly unique and extremely engaging.I can't wait for the updates to flesh these systems out further and implement new races."
76561197970490287,Recommended,289130,12479304,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,CappinCanuck,"I was a little disappointed at first after the tutorial to be honest.  Well, I'm definitely not disappointmented anymore after multiple playthroughs.  The tutorial, perhaps as a new game, missed teaching you a lot of the mechanics, i.e. how to upgrade cities as one example, but also a lot of the depth you can expect.  What a fantastic game.  Not a surprise, I love everything Amplitude has been doing and have the founders/emperor pack of every game.  If you like MoM, HoMM, or Civilization, this is a must buy."
76561198033366207,Recommended,289130,23994277,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Packavan,"Damn, can't believe, that there is such a huge amount of negative reviews on EL. It is great and balanced turn based fantasy strategy game made with diligence and love. While playing it you will enjoy charming graphics, charismatic characters, challenging gameplay. At the same time you need to be expirienced turn base strategy player in order to master the game and win it. It's not CIV 5 (which I adore), where you work out a single strategy and only make a several correction to it, determined by the start region. In EL world you can't do that, you can't pick Tradition - Commerce - Rationality - Order, build few wonders and discover artillery. Every game is really unique. Also all nations in the game are really very different and it is great to play for each of them.Buy the game, if you like turn based strategy games and also like to see into a big new strategy worlds and concepts. You will love it. Just relax and do not try to understand it all at once. Play 1-3 games for one race, read a guide on it, try one more time and go to the next one.I hope AMPLITUDE will gift us more DLCs for EL and in a few years we will see EL 2. Thank you!"
,Recommended,289130,22897394,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,fridgerepairman,"Endless Legend is a tbs similar to Civ 5, but instead of culture, research, faith, currency, etc it has the Endless system of Dust, Production, Research, and Influence. There are also plenty of luxury and strategic resources which accumulate over time instead of each node providing a set #. Units are not phased out, but instead they level up and the equipment can be customized and upgraded as your research and resources grow."
76561197991325579,Recommended,289130,24059097,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Spook79,If you liked civ 5 you should give this a try.
76561198040565583,Recommended,289130,24057369,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Loth Aint Lucky,Like playing Civilization but with a fantasy setting and much better art style.  I love it and typically play this over Civ.
76561198064000410,Recommended,289130,23787360,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,dr0wzee,Very rich and interesting 4X game. Each faction has a unique story and playstyle. Recommend.
76561198087220255,Recommended,289130,31874673,Posted: 20 May,all,TheRealZorah,"Well, I can't say much for the competitive aspect because I'm seriously the worst at strategy games.It's relaxing, it's absolutely gorgeous, and it lets you achieve victory purely through diplomacy. I can now achieve my goal of conquering the world through pacifism. Good enough for me."
76561198008534531,Recommended,289130,13317869,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,zonemagorgo,"Got this game on sale, should have got it earlier and paid more its that good. I suggest picking it up now and also Dungeon of the Endless which is equally just as awesome. Found a newer company to add to my favorites. <3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,289130,22168465,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Nesquick Snake,"You know how your parents told you to avoid drugs, and then that one friend gets you to try weed and says that it's not REALLY a drug?Endless legend isn't really a drug, I highly recommend it."
76561198147876351,Recommended,289130,29434352,Posted: 22 January,all,MrMan,"Think of this game as Civ 5. But with better combat and in a fantasy setting. The factions all act uniquely and the ai is decent. Combat is much better than civ 5. Armies have individual units that move independently during a battle. Managing a city is fairly simple, you have workers that you can assign to different tasks depending on what you need. And the quest system is a great addition to the somewhat boring win by diplomacy or military might. I would definetly recommend this game to anyone who likes turn based strategy games."
76561198047471338,Recommended,289130,25987907,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,DickButt,One of the best Turn-Based Strategy Games I've ever played.
,Recommended,289130,26217598,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ramblings,Way better than Civ V and Civ 6.
76561198045390393,Recommended,289130,33444966,Posted: 10 July,all,SpaceMariner,Awesome! Every missing idea about Civ games avaible at this game with a very good balance and each faction completely different each other. Everyone should try this game who seeking turn based fantasy. Auriga awaits your discover for her secrets in each adventure.
76561198053274652,Recommended,289130,24020254,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Comrade Jkldom,"A masterpiece of the 4X genre, Endless Legend delivers a vast and complex array of mechanics that can easily be learned by playing the game. No tutorial required, you quickly immerse yourself in the land of Auriga, crafting your empire and waging war with the best AI I have seen for years.In short, if you haven't bought the game, BUY IT NOW!!!"
,Recommended,289130,24090280,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jinsai,"A masterful and unique take on a 4X game. I enjoyed this more than the last Civilization game. Hard to put down, with imaginative character design and satisfying tactical and strategic layers."
76561198263178717,Recommended,289130,24404811,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,HedgeH90,"Endless Legend may prove to be my favourite 4X game ever. With most games of this kind, I get bored after a few playthroughs and don't have any incentive to stick with them. Not so with EL. While the game doesn't have any revolutionary mechanics (though the different playstyles and storyline of each faction is a nice touch), there is something going on that is all too often neglected in 4X games, and this is ATMOSPHERE.When playing EL, I feel like I'm part of a fantasy epic, a struggle of nations in a dying world. The stylistic world map evokes the feeling of actual PLACES rather than an abstract map to push pieces on. The regions I build up or conquer become more than just a bunch of numbers and resource indexes, and gain a character of their own. The graphic style, illustrations, flavor text and lore makes this game so much more than the some of its parts.Granted, I am still quite a newbie in this game, and I am still in the progress of my first playtrhough on Serious difficulty. I can understand the criticisms of hardcore 4X fans complaining about the AI (My second playthrough was on Hard and I barely broke a sweat, even though I am NOT a hardcore gamer at all), but on Serious, it seems to provide just the right amount of challenge for me.All in all, a great game and I enjoyed every minute spent with it so far. I am sure it will be a long time before I get bored with it, and then with the modding support having been added, I hope that we can expect a good number of UMCs in the future.P.s. anyone knows why all Vaulters have Hungarian names? :)"
76561197975755126,Recommended,289130,24065755,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Monster Fluff,"This game sports depth, a nonstandard fantasy world, very aesthetically pleasing art direction, and is generally just quite pleasant mechanics-wise.Where it falls down (and it does), is some blatantly problematic game balance derived from the assymetric faction units and perks (Necrophage AI is your neighbor? You better hope you actually have a counter to his Necrodrones available to you at all). Added to this that a ton of the depth in the game is not explained, it leaves you frustrated and confused unless you go outside the game to get the information you need.I'm still going to reccomend the game because it is really a special 4x experience, and fantasy setting with great writing.. but be prepared to have the game frustrate you when even lower difficulty AI can trounce you HARD because of those holes in the game balance."
,Recommended,289130,25991994,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Mazu,"From top to bottom, an absolutely solid strategic, fantasy RPG experience. An essential game to own for anyone who even remotely enjoys 4x or strategy games."
76561198067744861,Recommended,289130,15430510,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,CHIMICHANGA,"eXplore, eXpand, eXploit and eXterminate....This, by far is the best 4X Strategy game i have ever play. It has the best city management system and the exploration is so great, there are a lot of unique neutral faction in each region, interesting quest and rewards, and a several ways to win the match. You can win by economics, elimination, quest and a lot more...The things i don't like in this game is you have to gain access of peace treaty research in order to do it and it's in the 2nd era. The diplomacy is not widely enough for early game, it shouldn't need to be unlocked in order to do it, total war has more freedom of diplomacy system but endless legends is more wide when all of the diplomatic research has been unlocked.Overall, this game is great it really is game of the year of 2014. Heavily recommended for PC gamers..."
,Recommended,289130,13569897,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Securitron Model 2060-B,"Better than Civ V and Civ: Beyond Earth, that's for certain"
,Recommended,289130,21078559,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Weirding Way,"Much better then Civilization Beyond Earth. Each race is unique, art style and ui is clean and well designed, soundtrack is fantastic. And it has mod support!- I wouldnt buy Shadows expansion as it is a weak point, its cheap and reuses models/reskins them -"
76561198062664029,Recommended,289130,22527873,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,rogiol,"A mix between civilization and heroes of might and magic.  I definitely enjoy playing this game.  It is quite complex and is meant for adults, not a kids game (too much thinking to do, nut much action). Its a thinking game, not action game.  For next version the fighting needs to be more fun.pros:+units gain experience, level up and can be retrofitted+does not matter who attacks first in melee+game victory limited to 300 turns makes you think how to do things quickly (can be changed to 600 turns)+different races+hero quests make game fun especially during the beginning+diplomacy options (make friends, trade research)+minor factions keep you busy, can be assimilated and you can get interesting units+great graphics+game stability, does not crashcons:- fighting gets boring after a while, i do mine on automatic- i always run out of resources as i try to build everything- i would need more turns in the game to achieve elimination victory"
76561197972352789,Recommended,289130,22835647,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Brick Flail,"Endless Legend is everything you want a civilization building turn-based strategy game to be:+the mechanics are great+each victory condition is well balanced+the technology tree works+play styles are vastly different between civilizations+units between civilizations actually feel uniqueand finally...+the art style and the game itself is GORGEOUS.Buy this game. Even if you don't like civilization building games, BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,289130,24325288,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,The Cardboard Knight,if you like endless games then this one is for you its really fun and it mentions factions from endless space. but dont try to build or achive legendary deeds the ai always get it first somehow  (also if anyone wants to play some multiplayer  with send me a friend request)
,Recommended,289130,18238131,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Horus,"I am addicted. This is a truly excellent game, engaging from the start. There is a learning curve, it is not very steep, but given the number of options for custom games, large or small world, aggressive or not minor factions, rarity of resources, and so many others, you can make the learning curve as long as you want, and this gives the game a lot of depth.You can make the game fast and brutal, or slow and involved, to your liking, which is awesome.The graphics are out of this world, they are so beautiful that sometimes I catch myself simply staring at the landscape and buildings for long minutes... While streaming... the sounds are great as well, especially with the new tracks recently added to the game, which make playing for long hours even more fun.This game does very well for multiple playthroughs, and is very enjoyable.I have only one gripe: At higher difficulties, you might think the AI is simply optimising its buillds better and better. But such is not the case. At higher difficulties, the AI *CHEATS*. Find a titanium deposit? You'll get 1 titanium per turn. The AI? At higher difficulties, it gets 2, 3, 5, it gets huge bonuses to everything, making the game less of an actual difficulty level, and more of an unfair challenge. So -0.5 points for that.9.5/10 from me. IT would be a 10 otherwise, and I don't give 10s if I can avoid it... ;-)If I could add something negative, it might be that I would have preferred 10 technology eras instead of 6, and 500 turns normal duration instead of 300, but then, I'm just professing my love for this game, saying I want more, and more, and MORE!What are you doing still reading? Did you purchase it yet? Is it downloading? WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!!!"
76561197986160636,Recommended,289130,34270013,Posted: 15 August,all,Random_Killer312,"I really wanted to like this game, they did alot of great work and it's a very well crafted detailed game, but the army aspect just didnt appeal to me. Too complicated? Idk  but I'm sure this is me not the game itself. I'll reccommend it, but I moreso reccommend that you do your research and know what you're buying on this one because it didnt appeal to me."
,Recommended,289130,12716169,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Nato,"Occasional crashes, much more stable than when it was first released.If you ever played and enjoyed Civ 4, this game introduces enough new concepts that it should interest you."
,Recommended,289130,12685014,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Apoapsis,"I've really enjoyed this game. In a lot of ways it's pretty standard 4x fare however, it really differentiates itself the way the different factions play. Whether it's the hyper-aggressive Necrophage or the singular Mega-city-having Cult of the Endless... you get a different play experience.  The style of the game is terrific and the game lore is very interesting as well (I'd love to see a pen-and-paper RPG setting for it actually).  My only quibble is that combat isn't quite what I wish it was... it's not quite Civ and it's not quite Masters of Magic/Orion tactical combat... it's not BAD but it isn't my favorite thing. Towards the end of my first playthrough I mostly autoresolved battles."
,Recommended,289130,25174041,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Hagi_DB,Worth every peny
76561198033668371,Recommended,289130,33075041,Posted: 1 July,all,Bindude,this game is the delight you have been yearning for. multiple different factions. enemies to kill. even quests give it a bit of an rpg game flavour. if that sounds tasty to you please make sure to give this game a try. u will love it!
76561198082584434,Recommended,289130,29441554,Posted: 23 January,all,northernwater,"I picked up this game and all the DLC fpr $10.50. What a deal. In short, the game is excellent. I like games with lots of detail and where you have to do a lot of thinking and deciding before the turns. This game does  a very good job of it.I've played Endless Space, Civ V and Europa Universalis IV a lot. EL is better than ES and Civ V and almost as good as EUIV.  If've you have played ES and CIV5 you will find the learning curve pretty reasonable, but it's not as hard to learn as EUIV."
,Recommended,289130,26333806,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Phantom,"Phenomenal game, and I don't even usually like 4X games. Helps that it's set in an unusual fantasy landscape."
,Recommended,289130,25132662,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Starboy,I'm just getting started and it seems that this game really worths the money.
76561198118312217,Not Recommended,289130,26436484,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Defenestrator,"The game seems deep at first, with tons of complicated gameplay elements that you can use to optimize your strategy. But after a while, you find out that these elements are shallow and useless. There's much complexity, but not much depth.For example, you can use Influence for empire policies. Turns out, they are nice to have, but far too inconsequential to allow for meaningful specialisation. At the same time, you need influence for diplomatic actions. Why limit the amount of diplomatic actions you can have with the AI? It doesn't really use long-term strategy and diplomatic planning. If you could make it declare war against another faction, and start surrogate wars like in GalCiv, this would be awesome. But the AI is too passive for something like this.You can outfit your units with different equipment, but the choice usually reduces to ""More damage/health vs. crippling overspecialisation with poor payoff"".Then, there's the region system. You build a city directly beside a resource, but don't get access to it. Why? Because the magical regional border runs between the two tiles. When I saw the first trailers, I wondered: ""How did they implement the game world being divided into naturally-looking regions, with their own names and without any blank spaces?"" Why, the regions and their borders existed even before the founding of the first permanent settlements! I was disappointed, to say the least.Also, the system in which you expand your city makes no sense at all. Apparently, your people get angry when you expand your city with boroughs? ""Noo, I loved how overpopulated the city was!"" But as soon as one part of the city is surrounded by boroughs, they totally love it. I get it, I'm not allowed to build stretched, snake-like cities to reach resource tiles, but isn't there are more elegant way to prevent me from doing this?Graphically, on every resolution I tried, the information windows are ridiculously small, with tons of information crammed into tables with small-sized fonts and microscopic symbols for different things. The worst example is the screen where you choose the equipment for your soldiers or Heroes. I don't understand why they couldn't just use the whole screen for these windows, but decided to use only half of the screen size, so you can still see the game world (With a depth-of-field blur effect). If I want to view the game world, I can just close the menu, can't I? And if the symbols were easier to recognize, I would need less time to fiddle around in these clumsy menues. There are scrollbars that could have completely been avoided if they would have used more of the screen for the menues. Unnecessary scrollbars are the opposite of an ""elegant, minimalist layout""!After playing other 4X-games again, I noticed something else: What I like about 4X-games is how the game tells you a story purely by its mechanics and it's AI decisions. For example, in Civilization, you will begin to love or hate certain leaders over the course of the game, simply because they act towards you in a certain way.However, the AI in Endless Legend is just too passive. The game depends on you following the faction questline and the mini-quests for anything to happen. If you ignore the quests, or don't follow the path the game laid out for you, the world will become static and sterile.In the future, I will start a game again and try to follow the questline, instead of doing any of the ""usual"" 4X stuff. Maybe I will get what this game is trying to do. But at this point, the game seems more like a facade of interesting stuff for me. The idea of playing it seems amazing, but to actually play it feels like a tedious slog."
,Recommended,289130,9930735,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Yeti,"Imagine Civilzation V with customizable armies and quests. While unit Type A defeats unit Type B in Civilzation, here you create and customize your own army, equipping them with a variety you receive from quests and from production. While Civilization's focus isn't on combat and more on build order and adapting to the environment, Endless Legend keeps in stride with interesting land improvements and incredibly unique races to play as.Personally, I'm a fan of the Broken Lords. They look pretty sweet, and they grow from dust - the currency like gold you'd normally use to just hurry production. As a result, you don't need to worry about food but instead need to constantly manage dust, which is now used for everything from hurrying production and gaining citizens to healing your troops on the field and improving their gear.It's a hefty price-tag for something in alpha, but the game is very playable and has yet to crash / glitch on me. I'm honestly having more fun with this than I am in Civilization V.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=780Fu2V_17U"
,Recommended,289130,11929911,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,DarkLordSen,Endless fun and epic legends. 10/10
,Recommended,289130,12564088,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,GriLL,"Very comlex and in depth 4x with a unique take on combat. Only issues include unexplainable frame rate drops and the AI of the game being a little lackluster, aswell as the ""Auto resolve"" on conflicts doing unexplainable random things such as loosing a fight with 90% victory estimation. However when you manually control conflicts the system works perfect. 9/10 very enjoyable."
76561198007657982,Recommended,289130,24447249,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Naneek,Better than Civ 5. Enough Said.
,Recommended,289130,33066222,Posted: 30 June,all,Rivaille Heichou,"Good 4x strategy game, i love every minute of it."
76561198076459120,Recommended,289130,25005839,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Trotwood,"Excellent game. Although id wait for a sale to snag all the dlc. Its all imo, basically essential; but a tad overpriced. But if you like 4x at all you owe it to yourself to own this title.Nominated this game for the ""just five more minutes award"" :-)"
76561198055472843,Recommended,289130,35069583,Posted: 19 September,all,of Anwyl (Adv_Blitz),"A ground breaking 4x that combines elements of fantasy and science fiction in the same universe as endless space. Play as any of 8 completely unique factions each with their own mechanics and story or build your own with the faction editor. Unlike similar titles the factions are truly unique and not just reskins allowing for varied gameplay as your opponents play to their strengths and your weaknesses. Multiplayer may not always be the easiest thing, but if you can find a game it is insanely fun. If you are a fan of amplitude studios I throughly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,289130,26518935,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PurpleXVI,"It tries, it really does.Endless Legend has good fundamental mechanics in almost all of the empire-building aspects, it has great art, solid writing and nice music.But unfortunately, it's a combat-heavy game that has kind of bad combat. There are units that are downright useless, units and abilities that are overpowered, and the way the mechanics work out, a battle is usually either a breeze or a curbstomp, there are very few battles where your ability as a commander actually matter. It's almost always down to the composition of your army beforehand.There are also other annoyances, like the random quests. ""Go do this thing in this region!"" it says, then never tells you where the region is, if you're lucky, it's right next door, and you can get a head start on your quests(and the ""story"" quests both A) tend to have huge rewards and unique techs/gear, and B) are required for a ""quest"" victory. So it introduces a huge element of random chance). Now imagine some variation on this annoying random chance garbage everywhere in the quest system and you get why the qyuests are more than a little poorly-implemented.It also has a good few expansions at this point and, unfortunately, it suffers from the usual thing in those cases, which is that each expansion is fundamentally well-done... but because they're mutually exclusive they tend to forego actually interacting with each other, which tends to make them feel shallow. Like a game composed of a lot of minigames with limited complexity, rather than one single game with serious complexity.Don't get Endless Legend, however, if they ever do an Endless Legend 2? Get that, because if they can fix what's broken about Endless Legend, it could be an amazing game. Because what they get right, they REALLY get right."
,Recommended,289130,9964635,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Rykuta,"I've never been so impressed with an early access title in all my time spent on steam. I don't write very many reviews, more than likely because I generally haven't felt compelled enough to rate mediocre products or I simply haven't been captivated enough to say yay or nay; but this product definately deserves attention.For those of you out there who are used to the typical 4k-esk game, prepare to have your minds blown with concepts that are some of the most interesting means of progression I have ever seen. Research is done in teirs, every single technology costs the exact amount of research points to aquire, and you can aquire any of the researches in a teir in any order you want, no wasting time learning military tech to unlock useful social tech; if you're not the combatant type. But, here's the catch: every time you research something, the cost for the next thing gets higher, and when you research enough of one teir, you unlock the next, allowing a form of non-linear progression that I've frankly never seen in any game to date.City Progression and Expansion have also taken an extremely unique approach as well, In Endless Space, a common issue was being unable to expand your empire fast enough to have enough planets to defeat larger expansionists, Turtling or having a small but strong empire was not really an option. In this game, there are two very unique ways to expand, Either by spreading out and colonizing, as per usual; or city growth. Unlike in Endless Space, your cities can in theory grow to unlimited sizes by building expansions onto them, when you surround an expansion with 4 other expansions, it levels up. To get a level 1 city to level 2, put 4 expansions around it, to get your city to level 3, put 4 level 2 expansions around it, which require another 4 level 1 expansions around that. Each level exponentially increases the power of your city's output, so focusing on making one city a super city is compeltely viable, and can really pay off.Considering for a moment this game isn't even halfway completed, It's probably the best investment you could make in early access on steam, assuming you like empire ruler 4k type games. I haven't even scratched the surface of explaining all the interesting but easy to understand mechanics of the game. Let's just say the rest are just as mindblowing and interesting by comparison to other games. This is no clone title, there's no repitition here, instead an entirely unique and utterly interesting fantasy empire building experience that you will not be able to stop playing once you start.10/10, I will eat my beard if you buy this and don't immediately love it."
,Recommended,289130,9922798,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,wikkaboy,This is cracking so far! An easy interface to navigate. A good balance of new ideas and old school gameplay on the back of a tried and tested successful format. I can see me racking up the hours on this one!
76561198027284876,Recommended,289130,12157217,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Starcharger,An awesome game in all aspects.
,Recommended,289130,28472084,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,풍선껌 Serenity🎈,"I am many thingsI have been many thingsWarm and greenCold and grayDevastatedAnd dyingNow i am alive againBut i fear my new children imitate the old onesSome claim the mountains and the forestsOr build fortresses on the plainsThey begin to mistrustAnd prepare for warStill, i love them as only a mother canAnd now i fear for themI feel the winds of change begin to blowAnd this time it may be an all out stormI pray that my children will weather this tempestFor nothing is immortalAnd one dayThey may have to survive without me"
,Recommended,289130,12871052,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,King Clay467,"""just one more turn""- 6 hours later.... highly recomend this game"
,Recommended,289130,20835458,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Rozzy,More in-depth than Civilzation V.
76561197993236677,Not Recommended,289130,30008773,Posted: 18 February,all,udutont,"Many great ideas, all ruined by terrible AI. AI is incapable of any sophistcated strategy or tactics, all  it knows is suicidal agression. High difficulty levels do not present any interesting challenges, unless trying to survive the AI steamroll is your thing."
76561198002550357,Recommended,289130,13959615,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,A Wizard Did It,"Were you one of those disappointed by the dull Civilization 5 reskin earlier this year that was Beyond Earth? Do you crave for a return of personality to the Civ-like 4x genre? Do you want a game that makes you want to start a new game as soon as your last one ended? Well, consider trying out Endless Legend.Firstly the mechanics of the game: It takes the functional shell of a Civ game but makes subtle tweaks to almost every mechanic so that the game feels very unique among its genre even as it retains the fundamentally strong core of a Civ 4 or 5. I'm not going to go over every smart thing this game does to switch up the formula, but trust me, the changes are mostly very positive and really make it an enjoyable experience. The questing system and the periodic bits of writing you get when doing faction quests are also quite strong and give the setting of the game some interesting 'pop'.Secondly the presentation: This is a game that looks and sounds impeccable. The game looks amazing with colorful and attractive visuals, the interface is sleek, and the sounds and music are all excellent.Finally the factions. The factions of Endless Legend are where, I believe, the game is truly special. Each faction is so unique and plays so differently from one another, it's just tremendous. While I've so far only tried out 2 of the 8 unique factions (1 is currently just a reskin of the other, I'm told this will be changed later on), the differences between the two changed my playstyle dramatically. While the nature of these differences generally pigeon-holes some of the factions into specific playstyles (Vaulters are going to necessarily use their bonuses to go for a science victory, the necrophages will probably be gunning for a domination or supremacy victory) I don't consider this a great weakness when the variety on offer is so strong.There are some weaknesses. No espionage system is a bummer. Imagine how cool it would be if you could hire heroes to work like probe teams from Alpha Centauri. Also it would be good if there were some big projects or wonders you could build like in those games. Some voiced snippets upon research to give the game some more flavor (which it already has a ton of) would be nice too. The tutorial for the game is inadequate and it took a full playthrough for me to really come to terms with all of its mechanics.With continued support this could be one of the finest 4x games ever made. If you're a fan of the genre, pick it up."
,Recommended,289130,12300390,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,The Cryptograph,"this game still have some bugs at the time of writing so keep this in ming. If you played endless space well stop reading this and the game is basically the same on a planet instead of in space. The game has a fairly standart style brigning in mind master of orion. the game pace is slightly slow altho it becomes faster near the end game. i would recomend to newcommer to the gendra to either try another game in this style witch is less expensive, like master of orion 2, or to get the classic pack as the founder pack is mostly just cosmetics and should not have an effect on game play."
76561198003614253,Recommended,289130,9999261,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Per-Gunnar Niklasson (Kuken),"This game is amazing,it has so much depth in it and it's REALLY well made! I really recommend this game! When I first tried it I got stuck in front of the computer for 8 hours straight (and I don't generally like strategy or turn-based games)This games has it all, from conquering small villages, building gargantuan cities with epic monuments, to changing the single armor of your hero/units aswell as earning weapons/armors from quests.This game also have a slick and minimal design of everything which makes the game feel fresh as fuark.You can also play it however you like, research new upgrades and science, customize hero and units with weapons, rigns, armors, shoulders, hands etc. customize units, finish quests, upgrade your city, spreead to another land, build another city. Start a market and sustain your civilization from just trading, conquering others cities/ villages with a great army.Man this game is freaking awesome, the decisions are endless, literally!TL;DRPlayed, Heroes of might and magic 3? Played age of empires? Played xcom? Played ANY strategy and enjoyed it? THEN BUY THIS GAME, A solid 9/10!"
76561198028489027,Recommended,289130,13677845,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jack Dollsinq,"I went in with no expectations, and was pleasantly surprises by what I found.Pros:1. The merge of genres: Typical 4x gameplay as expected, with a few city building and RPG elements thrown in.2. Gorgeous world. Loving the Sci-Fi Fantasy vibe that's going on.3. Love the races, and how each one plays differently and is focused for a different victory type.4. The Summer-Winter cycle and effects is a nice touch not seen in many games.5. The race-specific Quest Lines are pretty cool as well.6. The Drakken.Cons:1. The A.I. can sometimes leave you questioning the games coding - they can make some pretty ""out there"" decisions.2. Tactical battle have little use, it just feels like a point and click (After a few they're all the same, might as well use Auto-Resolve and get it over with). The addition of bonus damage to flanking, larger armies/battles, and more unit types could go a long way to make it fun.3. The Summer-Winter cycle - as I got later into a game - seemed to heavily favour Winter. In 40 odd turns I only had 5 turns of Summer.TL;DR:A solid 4X game I'd recommend to anyone. There may be a few things that are annoying, but you'll spend more of your time being drawn in by the great aspects than lingering on those,"
,Recommended,289130,12752618,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Meat Magician,"Endless Legend, developed by french Amplitude Studios, is an amazing 4X turn based strategy game: the art, the lore, the gameplay mechanics are all top notch and presented in a very stylish, unique and original way.Whenever I sit down to start a gaming session, I notice that I've never been so excited to play a planetary 4x game like Endless Legend since the release days of SMAC (yeah, I was there and still own the big black box).If you remotely have any interest in the 4X genre immersed deep in a dark fantasy/sci-fi theme, don't miss the chance to play Endless Legend, a true gem.I can't wait to see how they further improve with expansions this already wonderful Endless Legend.Rock on, Amplitude !!!"
,Recommended,289130,12181290,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Avagardra,"All the charm and tactics of Endless Space, the ancient history pleasures of civlization, some light tactical combat, and featuring an amazing cast of unique and interesting factions. Endless Legend is a great surprise in this year of light releases.alsoThis is the first game to use the ""motion comic, replacing video with moving this drawing's face around"" stuff (i.e. Divinity OS's intro) and make it look good."
,Recommended,289130,14396225,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Alastaire,"A less popular game that beats my expectancies.Having played several matches (and still with many factions to discover), I have noticed that Civilization has nothing to envy on this title.The complexity and depth of this game provides hundreds of hours of gameplay, being every match unique since the random map generator.The interface is really polished and clean, and easy to manage.There is maybe too much information to learn from the very beginning, so the tutorial may seem a bit long and hard to familiarize with, but once you learn the schedules, it's way to go.In my opinion cultists are a bit underpowered so they need a little bit of balance still.Multiplayer is a bit deserted, even in peak hours.Great game overall for strategy fans."
,Recommended,289130,13977171,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Jonathan Wayne,Great it is like a more interesting version of civ 5
,Recommended,289130,13561697,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Large Father,"Fantasy Civilization with much better combat and AI. The sound design is top quality and the score is highly memorable. All the art is spectacular, but the hand-painted title cards for various techs and other things are especially beautiful. From a non-4x kind of guy's perspective, the gameplay is super detailed and well done. The way minor factions work is like the city states in Civ but somehow it just feels a lot better implemented. The sense of growing out an empire is really strong in this game. It comes highly reccomended."
76561198005418839,Recommended,289130,14849062,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,onemanlandslide,"I bought Endless Legend because of the sheer beauty of it but when I first played, it didn't really 'click' in most part because the game doesn't do a great job of explaining its complexities. So around six months went by without another until a few days ago when I fired it up after enjoying a game of Endless Space (I had a similar experience with that too). This time I resolved to play through an entire game and then make up my mind. Six hours and a heavy defeat later I can safely say - Endless Legend is great. One of the best measures of a game is whether you have fun even when you lose and, while I came last in my play-through (I'm not very good at EL or ES it would appear) there came a point around three hours in when I sat back and thought 'This is really good'. I won't go into why because a lot of the reasons have already been covered in other people's reviews, but I did feel compelled to put my appreciation on record."
76561198066896697,Recommended,289130,12254671,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,wattsa77,"This game took what I have been playing for years, Civ, and added everything I have ever thought of wanting in it. Heroes, giant battles, custimization, more personal feelings, and more awesome indepth managing. This game is beautiful and I won't stop playing for a long♥♥♥♥♥time. Gonna drop out of school just to play it. Because who needs skool when I have this? 10/10 ♥♥♥♥ yeah."
,Recommended,289130,13450420,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Icchan,A nice hybrid of Total War army mechanics and Civilization core strategy mechanics with a fresh style. Best turn based fantasy strategy in many years.
,Recommended,289130,12287452,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Saryn is Bae,"If you liked Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri you will love this game too,its amazing 4x strategy well worth its price. The world if beautiful,races are quite unique in their playstyles,minor factions are great addition and their character models are awesome. Each race has its own story in the game,there is also enough challenge even for more hardcore people i would say. TL;DR its Civilization with a twist =) and very beautiful world to explore/conquer"
,Recommended,289130,12184981,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Tontoe,"Reviews? I do those?I’m a big fan of Amplitude Studios. Actually, I’m a big fan of Microprose which is what Amplitude Studios dresses up as every Halloween.  When Microprose failed and took fan favorites like Master of Orion or Master of Magic with it, they left an enormous gap in the 4x turn based strategy world.  Endless Legend fills that gap, but it doesn’t do much more with it.  This is the evolution that genre fans will appreciate, not the revolution that 4x games need to reach beyond their predecessors.Any Civilization player will appreciate the basics of Endless Legend. The player starts off with a small army and a settler with which to found an empire and explore the world of Auriga.  The army, with a hero unit in the lead, explores ancient ruins to gather crucial resources for the opening turns and becomes a powerhouse army later.  Battles are grid based affairs which the player can also auto resolve should they face overwhelming odds.  Meanwhile, the city back at home is researching technology, developing resources, building units, and generally focusing on whatever victory condition the player has decided to go for.  Victory conditions are the fairly standard with only the quest based version offering any substantial difference.  If you’ve played Civilization or Stardock’s Fallen Enchantress, you have a good idea of what to expect.This is not to say that Endless Legend is totally derivative. It has a number of small and large changes that keep it feeling fresh.  Among the most prominent is the division of the world into territories.  Each territory may host one city and that city reaps the benefits of the resources within the territory.  Territories also host minor races which generate monsters if unpacified and or provide workers for the territory capitol if pacified.  Another twist is the winter.  Auriga’s winters last for a varying number of turns and grind production and movement to a halt.  In the early game, reduced movement and production are frustrating, but later in the game the player gets some tools to adapt and thrive.  Winters can have game changing effects by slowing wars in full swing and slowing building momentum.  Adapting to this mechanic is one of the key ways to regain the advantage in a losing conflict.Factions deserve special mention as they are varied in their aesthetic design as they are in their gameplay. Each faction has something beyond the usual focus on a given victory condition.  For example, the Cultists only get one city, but they can convert minor races to provide resources and produce military units.  The Drakkan can force opponents to accept truces and other diplomatic proposals.  The powers feel unique and help set the races apart.  The different play styles, combined with the story telling quests, encourage repeated playthroughs to see all that Endless Legend has to offer.A few problems do creep up. The AI isn’t particularly aggressive, even when it has a substantial advantage.  I played most of a game having only a small army on hard and wasn’t challenged until I had almost won.  This is aggravated by the ability to upgrade units.  Like Endless Legend’s predecessor, Endless Space, the player can upgrade their units with new equipment to create a more powerful unit. I often created a single upgraded doom stack which scared away most of my competitors.  Combined with a powerful economy to purchase units and an aggressive AI can become a frightened kitten with one round of army buying.The issues are ultimately small and don’t address the broader issue that 4x games face today. As much fun as Endless Legend is, it still feels like a contemporary of the 4x masterpieces from long ago.  It’s becoming clear that developers will need substantially new ideas to push the genre forward and prevent it from stunting….eventually.  For now, Endless Legend is a polished and fun experience.  Go play.http://minddecline.wordpress.com/2014/09/22/review-endless-legend-pc/[/url]"
76561198032026775,Recommended,289130,10006369,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,@Sir_Trump@,"This is awesome 4X turn-based fantsy strategy game!! The grahpic is  somewhat exceptable. Anyone who love fantasy art concept would garantee to love this game!! i'm not really a Fan of Endless, but after big sucessful of endless space. i'm sure that Endless legend will be the next big thing for Endless series. However, con, this game still in alpha, the Ai and gameplay still in the reange of ""broken"". i really recommend to purchase this game if you love 4x turn-based game, and sitting imaging world of fantacy in your head. but agian, since it still in alpha the gameplay is still incomplete. So for final conclusion, it would be wise to purchase a game when they fixed all the bug. Or just purchase now for endless hours of wonderful fatasy.....with little bit of confusion and OP AI!"
76561198058358911,Recommended,289130,10009485,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Sifdeath,I bought the game the other day and i love it. The best thing is that is only in Alpha which means they havent even fully finshed the game and this is just the base work. Since i started there have been no glitchs or and minor bugs i could tell so far. How the map is and what you want to do makes it feel like your in an acutally story or ruler of your own kingdom going through many difficult times. I am very proud to have bought this game and i acnt wait to see how it looks at the end.
,Recommended,289130,10024114,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,virtual suicide,"After middling crashes (resulting in unplayable tendencies), I fixed the game. Make sure you have Microsoft Runtime C++ x68 or x84, because the game will crash in loading without it and you'll basically have wasted your money. It took me two days of Research to come up with that answer, so be warned.The game is pretty good, and brings in some cool new mechanics like altitude terrain (though the altitude doesn't go below or above a factor of 1). It reminds me of Civilization, though really every 4X game does, and is as good as it, and may get better in the coming weeks of beta.The game is already very playable and while frustating moments may arise (from the game, not from a technical standpoint, mind you), the game still delivers with good battling mechanics and an immersive lore that doesn't take itself too seriously in a good way.Overall I say a 8.5 out of 10 (this game is already good in beta, just wait for later development :D)"
,Recommended,289130,10028771,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Midnight_Stormwing,"For anyone that enjoys the 4x series of games this is a must, especially if you loved Endless Space. Brings both the Civ style of gameplay with the Endless Space mechanics and works amazingly well. I hope to see some updates to this soon as there are many features still not working as of yet.I would also like to see the 200 turn win/lose limit removed, I like to learn my games slowly and the first time I saw the win/lose screen after 200 turns kinda threw me off. Though you can continue the game after that, you almost don't feel like playing as you've already won. That would be my only gripe with the game, otherwise it's looking to be a fantastic 4x game."
76561198059387408,Recommended,289130,10032930,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Angelknight7954,"Wow I love this game and I absolutely cannot wait for full release, there is so much potentional in this game and they have only tapped into a small amount of it so far. However if you are not patient and don't like repeditiveness I would wait to buy this until full release or at least further down the road because as of right now there are only 4 races and not all of the tech tree is available, also diplomacy and many other features are not yet available."
,Recommended,289130,10037461,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,LordScoobert,"This is my first 4X game in a long time. (Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri was the last one I can remember.) So bear with me.I got started here the other day and loved the concept instantly. I started a city in a decently rich environment and expanded to the south. As my army and empire grew I realized another empire had begun encroaching on my southern border and was actively sending troops to scout and eventually attack. I also noticed that I had created a bottleneck in this valley that they enemy had to funnel through. It wasn't long that I had created a mass reserve army and was able to defend an attack and then push though and capture that region. However the game ended when a third AI that I hadn't encountered got the score limit and won...Things I like:Unit creation - When I noticed my forces growing weaker in their attacks and squishier in their defence it came to upgrade, a new name, new armor and weapons (in exchange for a longer build time) I was soon spreading the pain across my newly upgraded force.Immersion - I found myself narrating along, creating different armies for certain tasks (1st/2nd/3rd Recon Legions, The Iron Wall) and loved to use them in a specified tasks. I would narrate battle plans and citie actions, etc. The world was beautiful as well and added to the wonder.Things I didn't like:Game Modes - I know its only Alpha build right now, but having only one game mode that an AI can win by just isolating itself is annoying.Battles - Theres a Manual and an Automated option when you start a battle. Yet even in Manual mode my forces ran around attacking things on the opposite end of the battlefield. I lost countless armies because the AI decided that one enemy with full health at the end of the battlefield was a more viable target than the weakened fighter in front of them. Reinforcements also come in and cannot be contolled until later in the battle if it lasts that longHappiness - I didn't quite understand this until I read into what people were saying online. For the faction I chose, the Vaulters, there was only one option to increase a cities' happiness inbetween the 1st and 3rd Eras. Yet numerous was to degrade that rating by the 2nd Era. By the time my game ended all of my cities were at 15% happiness and my economy was failing hard because of it.Overall:Game has some good first looks and I know that its only in Alpha. I am very excited to see where Amplitude goes with this game.=====================EDIT=======================Round 2 Completed by Senmetsu.Some more things I noticed while being on the victorious side:Early game was in favor of the AI, their constant small 2-3 army raids held back my forces for the first ~50 or so rounds until I could upgrade and establish dominace. End game was a complete landslide I was one shotting armies left and right. Its seems the AI has no competence in end game actions such as upgrading, army size or expansion (the last enemy empire I annihilation only had two regions, with one 6-unit army). I was able to steam roll the remaining empires in 5-10 rounds.Again, happiness became an issue as I ravaged my way through the continent. Almost to the point of rebellion. Luckily I had enough reputation points and got to choose an empire plan. It seems that raiding enemy cities and taking them as your own adds a ""expansion disapproval %"" to your cities. The only way I saw to diminish this is to get the research upgrade in the 3rd Era. Or scuttle the newly captured area.I tried the Siege option which says something like: the option reduces the city and populace."" Meaning that I wouldn't have to wait four turns to destory the city and get my empire happy again. That didn't happen, they still were assimilated but that was the end of the game so it didn't really matter.This game was done with three empires (including myself, so P v Ai v Ai). I'll try another game against more enemies and see if that resolves the ease of victory in end game. Probably not, Vaulters are turtle AF. (I am aware of the multiplayer functionality that will be coming eventually. No doubt that that will be a whole nother ball game in terms of difficulty)Again; Alpha. I know. Got it. Theres going to be more coming."
,Recommended,289130,11886069,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,ponyPharmacist,These guys. They make great games. Though right now the game is incomplete the potential for good X4 strategy is already there. If you're not into betas wait till they finish though.
,Recommended,289130,14017520,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,✝ Meatbolt® ✝  מַלְכֵּי־צֶדֶק,"This is fun how people put CIV in front of everything, well let me tell you CIV5 sucks, and Endless Legend rules. Why ? Game mechanics. After Endless Space, the french fella come back with something Fantasy, and it's better, not just graphical, but the overall mechanics have improved. What's define a good 4x from a bad one or an ok one ?Well the Good one you wanna play again, and you lost some times and wants to come backThe ok one, you want to replay but after some time you got bored when you realize that you can't change your gameplay and there's only one gameplay leading to victory (civ5) and the bad 4x the one you start to play and you insta wanna give it up.Anyway there're still some bad points to Endless Legend, the game crash sometimes  (not to worry about savegame everyturn), an the graphical♥♥♥♥♥♥is too heavy (makes my gpu fan turn a lot xd)Well if you're a fan of Civ1+2+3, or Galatic Civ1+2, if you liked Endless Space and are not afraid of Fantasy, well this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,289130,14549652,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Kinetic,"I could almost recommend this game based only on its slick interface. It is probably the best interface in any turn-based strategy game ever.A strong point this game has over other turn-based strategy games is a technology system which allows you to adapt to your surroundings and playstyle. I.e if you don't intend to go to war, you don't need to pick an sort of military tech to advance your civilization. If you have a lot of rivers, you could pick a tech that improves their output. It is a great system for players who like devloping unique minmaxing strategies, and gives the game a lot of replayability. The same faction with two different sets of technological choices play very differently."
76561198037893968,Recommended,289130,14015696,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Famwise Gamgee,"This game is a fantasy based 4x strategy game created by the same people who made Endless Space. The pacing is good, but combat can take a bit of time if you do it manually. I wish the tutorial explained the game mechanics better. It took me a while to figure out what everything was, but once I did that the game is great."
,Recommended,289130,12229179,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Yesman555,"I would definitely recommend this game.First off, the soundtrack and art design of Endless Legend are amazing. Even after sinking hours and hours into the game, the background music still hasn't gotten old, and I often zoom in on the map as far as I can to examine the landscape and units.Secondly, each faction brings a unique style of play that adds a lot to the replay value of the game. Each has a focus (industry, science, war, diplomacy, money, etc.), like what you would expect from different factions in a 4X game. Endless Legend takes it a little bit further, however, to make the gameplay much more asymmetrical. For example, the Necrophage, a zerg-like bug race, has no diplomacy options, and is always at war. On the other end of the spectrum are the Roving Clans, who cannot declare war, and focus on trade and controlling the market. In addition, the factions in Endless Legend avoid typical fantasy cliches very well. Many of them are familiar races with a twist to them. For instance, the Wild walkers, the game's elves, are focused on industry and construction, and the Drakken, or dragons, are great diplomats.Speaking of which, the only main grievance I have with Endless Legend is with its diplomacy. It seems very bare-bones, with only limited functionality. You can trade, declare war, make peace and alliances, trade and research agreements, and compliment or denounce other factions. However, it is not possible to ask for one faction to interact with another. For example, you can't ask a faction to denounce or declare war on another, like what you can do in the Civilization games. Additionally, the decisions the AI makes often make little sense. I was 'blood brothers' (very friendly) and allied with a faction once, but only several turns later they declared a cold war on me, and I couldn't even find out why. Along the same line, the AI's dialogue is often very generic, and gives little to no hint of why it is deciding to reject my treaty proposal, or leave the alliance, or warn me about my 'attitude'.Despite the flaws of Endless Legends, its pros far outweigh its cons. The game's eventually mod support will definitely help with some of its lacking aspects, as well. Overall, this is a great game that is well worth the $35."
,Recommended,289130,12233872,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Neo Shogo,"Out of all the endless based games this is my personal favorite, awesome replayability, very smooth and clean looking UI, very cool graphics when it comes to terrain and world generation. Well worth the price of you like turn based games that can make you think in unique ways."
,Recommended,289130,12252558,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Oreas27,I have not played too many 4x turn based games but nonetheless I find this game very engrossing and time consuming (in a good way). If you didn't play this type of game before I would suggest doing the tutorial for sure. I definately reccomend this game as it has good visuals and interesting strategic replay value.
,Recommended,289130,13926929,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Khaibit,"Don't start a game late at night, next time you look at the clock it'll be 5am."
76561197993502000,Recommended,289130,12276796,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,LS_Lovely,"จุดเด่นของเกม  คือการออกแบบ แผนที่ได้สวยงาม  งานศิลป์ ของแต่ละเผ่า ออกแบบได้น่าสนใจมาก  รูปแบบ Gameplay ไม่ซ้ำกับ CIV โดยจับคอนเซป ระบบบริหารดวงดาวใน Endless  Spece มาประยุกต์ เข้ากับเกม แนว CIV ได้ลงตัว  พูดได้ชัดเลยว่า ฉีกจาก CIV และสนุกไปอีกแบบจุดอ่อนข้อแรก ที่เห็นชัดมาก   ยังมีBUG  อยู่หลายจุด เช่น การเดินของยูนิต การClick ตอบสนองกับสถานที่ในแผนที่เพื่อ active  , Quest ที่ยังมี Bug อยู่บ้างจุดอ่อนข้อสอง  ยูนิตแต่ละเผ่า  ผมคิดว่ายังน้อยอยู่ ถึงจะมี เผ่าย่อยให้ยึดแล้วเอายูนิตมาใช้  แต่ความแตกต่างยังไม่ชัดเจนจุดอ่อนข้อสาม  ระบบต่อสู้ของยูนิต คลุมเครือ และน่าเบื่อจุดอ่อนข้อสี   ระบบการทูตและ การเทรด ระหว่างเมือง  ผมคิดว่าน่าปรับปรุง  ให้ใช้งานได้มากกว่านี้ เพราะ ถ้าเราเล่นสาย Trade Route เมื่อเราอัพเทคโนโลียีถึง มีถนน มีท่าเรือ  แต่เผ่า อื่นๆยังอัพไม่ถึง  ถึงเราจะจะตกลงการค้าได้  แต่การ Trade จะไม่เกิดขึ้นสรุป  ในความเห็นค่อนข้างชอบมาก   แนะนำให้แฟนๆ CIV เล่นเลย จุดเด่นในระบบ Gameplay ที่ไม่ซ้ำใคร  งานศิลป์สวย หรือแฟนๆ Endless Space ก็ไม่น่าพลาดเกมนี้    อนาคตคาดหวังกับเกมนี้ไว้มากและหวังให้แก้  Bug  ที่มีปัญหาหลายจุด      และเพิ่มยูนิตและสกิล Hero ในรูปแบบเวท มนต์ หรือเทคโนโลยีในการต่อสู้หรือ   หรือโจมตีระยะไกลจากเมืองสู่เมืองเข้ามาบ้าง  หรือไม่ก็  ระบบ สายลับคะแนน 8/10"
76561198036264806,Recommended,289130,10031067,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,elreydeljamon,"Endless Legend... a title that suggests a wonderful experience of adventure and game, anything further from the truth.Despite being an Alpha version game, this amazing title seems a full game looking forward to an expansion.While playing you will feel like enjoying a Sid Meiers Civilization but with a couple of different things. City building and resources are incredibly well designed. Extensive generated world and attractive hexagonal graphic make this game awesome.As far as units and combat is referred, this game improves existing hexagon turn-based games cause instead of using individual units, these can be grouped in armies and during combats, these are deployed in a predefined area so that the player does not lose the strategic component while they can be moved easily and really fast while each individual fight is decided by the player.Even lots of things can be done as far as new units is referred and other improvements, it is a title that must be owned by every strategy fan."
76561198079179887,Recommended,289130,13988834,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Sundiata Keita,"This Game, Dispite being Similar to Civilization V is a much more complex and unique 4X Game than Civ 5. It has may features that build on what Civ 5 Started and improves it. The Map has more complex Terrain Types than Civilization as well as an interesting and unique use of Elevation that has a large effect on Combat. The Technology is the Most Liberating and Dynamic System I have seen with absolutely nothing Linear it adds a unique Mechanic of ""Nominal Cost"" Which makes it important that you research the proper techs that you need, unlike in Civ where you need to Research Steel even if you have no Iron. The Expasion system is one of the things I love the most as your Borders don't Grow naturally and you must construct ""Districts"" to Expand your Borders, you will however lose Approval Ratign For doing this so you have to Balance valuable Tiles with your Citizens Happiness. The Most unique thing about the Game is its Amazing Art Style which makes the Game Look Like a Playable peice of Art, and the Fantasy Themed Factions who Build, Trade, Expand, and Fight for Control of the Unstable Planet of Aguria.The only Major Flaws this game has are a few Bugs that Amplitude are constantly patching, and the AI is a bit Poor at managing Armies and Battles; Which will most Likely be improved on in a Future Expansion or Patch.If you Like Games Like Civilzation and Enjoy a Fantasy Genre with good Lore this Game is For you."
,Recommended,289130,14915058,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Elric of Grans,"A fun alternative to Civilization.  The factions are quite varied in their aesthetic and play-style, the setting is interesting and the core 4X functionality is well realised.  It also does a better job than its peers in making non-combat win scenarios possible and (generally) fun to achieve.  The game generally flows at a good pace, with minimal periods where you are either overwhelmed with things to do or bored with nothing to do but press 'next turn'.The game is not without its flaws.  Many units are currently underpowered, resulting in combat being more mono-dimensional than it is supposed to be.  The quest system needs work too, with the randomness making some quests either pointlessly easy (eg do something you are already one turn from completing) or near-enough to impossible (eg get to a point on the far side of the world, past the territory of multiple enemy factions, in X turns).  Similarly, quest rewards are so random they can either be utterly useless (sometimes even awarding technologies you already possess) or nigh game-breaking (eg technology that makes your army dramatically more powerful than anyone else can possibly field)."
,Recommended,289130,13764780,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Syntp,"Too busy playing to write a full review, but definitely worth picking up, at full price and even more-so while the sale is still going. To me this is better than Civ5. This is a beautiful game and yet still seems to be pretty easy on the video card. I was fully expecting a 10+ GB download for this game, but it's quite compact at ~2 GB. Endless Legend is definitely one of the best games I've played from 2014. Oh yeah... Happy New Years!---In only a few other reviews I saw people have issues with crashes, and so I thought I might comment on that. I've had one crash in ~15 hours, but the game auto-saved and everything was fine. Every other new PC release I played of recent has had far more crashes. The issue those other reviewers were having could be due to a specific driver or hardware issue, but I don't know. All I know is that this game has ran excellently almost entirely for me."
76561198006765810,Recommended,289130,12250587,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,MrPink,"TL;DRA good, entertaining turn-based strategy focused on empire building.8/10--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Endless Legend is a continuation (or prelude? The timeline is unclear, in case you are interested in the backstory) of Endless Space and bears distinct similarity with its predecessor. Basically, it is a mixture of Civ5 and HoMaM set in a fantasy world (an industrialized fantasy world).The game itself is more oriented towards empire building rather than combat; however, you will fight a lot, especially on higher difficulties, where the beefed up AI tends to rush you. EL utilizes the same resource system as ES, also known as FIDS (food, industry, dust, science); this time, we also have an additional resource called ""reputation"", which you can spend in dealing with other factions, minor factions or on focusing your empire via long time buffs. The strategic and luxury resources are also present - strategic resources are spent on upgrading your units and heroes or building particular structures in your cities; luxury resources, when activated, give a 10-turn long buffs.The world map is divided into regions you can colonize. Each region can hold only one city and a player in control of such settlement controls the resources in that region. As the city population increases, you have an option to expand the borders of your city (not the region) to make the city more productive. Also, the city sprawl looks very quaint :). There are season changes present in Auriga - summer shifts into Dark season. As you progress through the eras (research and development of your empire), the Dark season ultimately lengthens to a point where summer lasts only a few turns (kind of a soft cap).Combat is more engaging than in ES, though it is clearly not a main focus of the game. Every turn, you can give orders to your units and when you are done, your minions try to carry those orders. You are unable to interfere when the combat round is proceeding, therefore you need to consider the initiative (the order in which all units act) and terrain - if you order your unit to attack an enemy unit that acts first and retreats, your unit can end up in the middle of enemy army trying to pursuit its target.Each race can build and deploy three unique units (and a settler); by assimilating a minor race into your empire, you get an option to produce the respective unit (upgrade it, too). If you have enough dust, you can hire mercenaries from the marketplace, but those cannot be upgraded.Heroes have three skill trees now - army focused (blue), city focused (orange) and general (green). An experienced hero presents a significant boost to your city output (based on the skills taken of course) or for your army. When leading an army, the hero doesn't take a spot in the army cap, but is still deployed on the battlefield as a ""free"" (an powerful) unit.Races are quite diverse, with their own unique storylines and special abilities. If you are not happy with the options presented to you, you can create your very own race.There are currently two big flaws with the game:1. Optimalization - the game runs smoothly until you attempt Impossible or Endless difficulty on any of the 4-8 maps. The computer tends to stack massive amounts of dust and other resources, along with building large armies. Having a few AI opponents alive doing this results in game freezes, when the game simply refuses to load - I was once waiting for 40 minutes for a safe to load, since it was a scenario on endless difficulty where I was doing well. After said 40 minutes the game still did not load and thus I gave up. Mind you, I have a decent computer that runs smoothly significantly more advanced games. Apparently, this is a known issue, so hopefully a patch will be issued soon.2. AI - on lower difficulties, AI tends to be sloppy, not building proper defences to its cities, not maintaining decent armies or researching military projects. The AI will still attack you, but if you survive the initial onslaught, you are likely to take all the cities you desire at your leisure. In ES, I liked the fact that in order to conquer a planet or the whole system, you need a large invasion fleet along with your warships - in EL, you are usually opposed just by rather pathetic militia units. In my latest game on serious difficulty, each of my army stacks took one big sprawling city IN ONE TURN, destroying the whole AI empire that had more score points than me in 5 turns.On higher difficulties, namely Impossible and Endless, the AI is ridiculously buffed. Forget about overtaking the AI economically or scientifically, unless you keep conquering its cities, which is not easy, given the units and heroes are buffed as well. Civilisation used this way of managing difficulty too and I do not like it - it is a lazy way how to provide you with some degree of challenge instead of programming smarter AI.All in all, a worthy successor of Endless Space; Endless Legend can proudly stand on its own and provide you with hours and hours of good, turn-based fun.8/10"
,Recommended,289130,12299249,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Lygram,"I am a great supporter of amplitude, was quickly captivated by Endless Space and bought this game on early access, knowing I could expect a lot from them and I was not disappointed. The game is unique in many ways with some of the best city management around (A little bit like Fallen Enchantress, but a bit more interesting because of the buroughs). The races of Auriga you can play are very interesting and play diffrently, and the only thing I can complain of is that the AI (At least in normal and hard difficulty) is not the best around.However, I think Amplitude is one of those developers who continue to improve games after release and actually take note of what's going on in their forums, and together with G2G I think this game will improve even more.Very reccommended for anyone who loved 4X and Civ-like games!"
,Recommended,289130,12142449,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Potluck Brigand,"The 4X genre has been around for a long time, and I think, as a fan, it's fair to say that most of us have certain expectations when we play a new 4X game.Endless Legend ticks all of these boxes confidently without adding much new of its own... which is not a problem!City management, while not especially intuitive, is robust. Research progression is interesting (as far as I can tell, you can't learn every Research Skill, so big decisions await regarding exactly what is important to your empire!), combat is strategic and fun (even if unit movement can get a little wonky), and overall I feel like I am in control of the destinies of all my little citizens!If you're a fan of the shared history of the Endless Games (as I am), there's a lot to love on that front as well, as the developers put a LOT of fluff in there to read, and it's all well done.Endless Legend is not ground-breaking or especially innovative, but it is fun, easy to play (for veterans of 4X games) and for 34.99 US you could certainly do a lot worse. There are a lot of big name 4X games coming out this year, but do an indie developer a favor and give their game a shot before everyone gets buried in Civ and Galactic Civ. There's always more room for fantasy 4X games on my Steam list."
76561198025610092,Recommended,289130,17228248,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Dick Dastardly,"This game is a fresh breath of air in the 4x genre.  One of the biggest problems with the genre is that it scales poorly - a game of e.g. Civ is typically tons of fun during the early-mid game, and turns into a slog once you really get going, with previously fun and consequential elements (choosing which terrain to enhance with a worker) losing their significance once you've got dozens of workers doing the same thing per turn.Endless Legend partly fixes this problem - it persists in a few areas of gameplay, but in a few others, it's fully solved.The biggest area where it persists is city building construction; like civ, there are buildings you can construct inside cities.  Like civ, you've gotta fight with a whole list of the same buildings over and over across all of your cities; whilst they may matter during the first few core cities, they rapidly become rote by the time you've got 6 or more.Army management has this mostly solved; rather than moving dozens of individual troops around the world every turn, you instead have a few hero-led armies, and in the wildest game, you've got maybe 4 or so, tops.  There are also no mobile workers besides a single unit that ""can found cities, and nothing else"", so there's no micromanagement of moving workers around every turn.Terrain improvement has been simplified about as much as one could hope to, without removing the feature.  Cities expand by, themselves, taking up more tiles (each added tile being called a ""borough"".  All adjacent tiles to these automatically get worked (there's no micromanagement of picking which tiles to work).  There are a few special tile enhancements that can be done at a distance from the city, and instead of being done via a worker moving out onto the tile and building them, these are done via a city construction command as you would do to build a building inside the city.Combat only needs to be manually managed when it's on the fence whether you're going to win or not.  If you're moderately stronger than the enemy, you can safely click the ""automatic"" option and have the game resolve combat for you immediately without taking time.  Moreover, this actually does a full simulation of the combat in question, rather than approximating it with a few numerical weightings, so it actually plays out as you'd fairly expect, rather than having powerful troops get lost because their on-paper numbers don't look great (despite their potential in actual combat being excellent).The game does slog a bit if you pull ahead early; you can achieve fairly strong dominance over AI opponents and have a more or less assured victory about half the game-duration before any of the victory conditions (besides domination/eliminaton) become feasible, which is a bit of a shame, but in spite of this this is still a wonderful game, overall."
,Recommended,289130,12289715,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,D-Man777 [GWJ],"Endless Legend is a great 4X game. It has several unique mechanics dealing with terrain effects, combat, and city building as well as others. While not as basic as Endless Space, battles are concise but satisfying, taking place as tactical exchanges on the local strategic map.If you like 4X games, chances are you'll enjoy Endless Legend."
,Recommended,289130,14200804,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Midnight Snack,"My current favorite 4X. The art style is quite beautiful and the sound is top notch (something this developer always manages to pull off in my opinion). The gameplay is quite solid and the interface is very clean and easy to use and understand.Pick one of the premade factions (that all play quite differently) or create your own by picking their race and their passives/perks. Each faction has a story that's progressed by completing quests. There are even side quests you can pick up. These quests help add goals that make the turns a little more interesting than just spamming ""Next Turn"". You can also assimilate minor factions that are located within your territories. This will allow you to use that faction's special unit in your military.The world is made up of regions, and there can only be one city per region. This makes you plan your expansions a little more carefully as you hunt down strategic and luxury resources (which you can only extract if they're within your borders) or possibly even look for chokepoints to build your cities in so you always have a terrain advantage. Cities can be expanded tile by tile as your population grows, which in turn increases the amount of land that you're exploiting for resources. Putting a hero in charge of your city will also give that city very nice buffs as the hero levels and you pick new perks.The combat is quite satisfying if you choose to play it out tactically. You can either auto-resolve, spectate, or manually control your units each battle. You can even watch other players' battles in multiplayer if you're allied with them. The combat isn't as deep as some of the other more war focused 4x games, but it's also a lot less time consuming which is something I appreciate a great deal. You should keep terrain and reinforcements in mind as well. You may be able to take out the small army next to you, but the one a few tiles away might reinforce it mid-battle. You'll also need to outfit your units and heroes as you unlock stronger weapons and armor. This will increase their production cost and, depending on what you outfit them with, add strategic resources to the cost.As briefly mentioned above, this game has heroes that you can either put in charge of your armies or cities. While with an army, they will fight on the field with them. Whether a general or governor, they will level up. This allows you to pick passives that will help them no matter their situation. For example, if they're a governor, pick passives that will increase food or industry production; if a general, give them passives to buff your units. There are also hero only pieces of equipment that you'll come across and quests requiring a hero (sometime of a specific race).The diplomacy feels a bit lacking, but I've never been one to try for Diplomatic Victories in any 4X. I mostly use it to get map vision and create temporary alliances while I hunt others down.The tech tree is quite large, and I like the progression system it uses. Instead of tech directly leading to another, you have to research a certain number of techs from the previous tier to unlock the next tier.Overall, I'm a huge fan of this game. Great art, sound, music, and interface. The game plays and runs well, and it's backed by an active developer."
,Recommended,289130,13441239,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,mjegs,"If you have the choice of buying CIV Beyond Earth or Endless Legend, buy Endless Legend.The combat is entertaining to watch, as well as more intuitive and responsive. The graphic style of the game is gorgeous, and the sound design is very nice as well. The factions have unique personalities to them (unlike Beyond Earth) and each race plays significantly differently (vaulters choosing a holy resource that buffs their economy vs. Drakken who can force diplomatic decisions). The region system is an interesting addition to the game and adds an element of significance to each city you own. Minor factions can be integrated into your empire, providing powerful and useful units to build your armies with. The unit customization is intuitive, and relies on you as the player to make sure your units remain effective on the battlefield. The hero units can change the tide of a battle by healing or using range attacks against enemies.If you want a solid 4x strategy game that is new and exciting to play, pick up this game."
,Recommended,289130,26958518,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tripas,"Still one of the best 4X games available on Steam. The world is filled with interesting lore, the soundtrack is a delight to listen to and each one of the available factions are completely distinct from one another. You have one that can't declare wars, another that can't declare peace or alliances, one that is unable to grow food, the other that can't research new technologies so they have to steal it from others... and if you're not happy with any of the factions available, you can just create your own.If there's one thing this game isn't lacking it's depth and meaningful choices."
,Recommended,289130,28077891,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DarkScythe,"Having finally put more hours and multiple games into Endless Legend, I can now comfortably say that it is just as fun, if not slightly more so, than the other game we've probably all played - Civilization 5.The comparison between the two games basically ends at ""4x game"" and ""Empire building/management."" Beyond that, the games play very differently as its core mechanics are similar, yet different.The best thing about Endless Legend is in its Endless Universe - an original, story-rich environment that spans all of their games; In fact, people who played Endless Space will recognize that Endless Legend takes place on a unique planet that spawns in that game -- Auriga.Expanding on this is the fact that the factions are not only diverse, but are actually very different from each other, with their own strengths and weaknesses; More than I can say about the relatively 'bland' Civs from Civ5.In Civ5, the best things about the various Civs were in their individual character; They represent known leaders from history, and their dialogue and actions strive to align with their personalities. However, ultimately, every Civ boiled down to a couple bonuses here and there, with one unique ability to prevent them from being exactly the same as each other. Unfortunately, I felt most of these Unique Abilities were simply an extension of a fairly simple bonus - More Culture, or Production, or Science, etc. Occasionally you had ones that affected other systems, such as stealing technology, or annexing City-States, which were a bit more unique.In Endless Legend, the factions' mechanics themselves are functionally different from each other, much more than simple bonuses and penalties. Do not misunderstand -- there is still a system of bonuses and penalties (such as +1 science per tile, -1 Food per tile, etc.) but each faction's UA causes these to have different amounts of value to the player. For example, there is one faction (Broken Lords) who doesn't need any Food at all - Imagine the options available when you can outright completely ignore one of the basic resources! Another faction (Necrophages) instead generates extra Food through slaughter with their armies; Imagine if Civ5's Zulus were aggressive because killing things was how they grew their cities, instead of just being needlessly aggressive because that's what they liked doing.Unfortunately, the diplomatic game leaves much to be desired. It's functional, but the interactions simply aren't as 'fun' as those in Civ5 where, again, the best thing about the Civs were their individual characters, which are flaunted quite proudly in their diplomatic interaction screens (even if the diplomatic logic was flawed, but then that goes for both games.)In the end, I find both games fun and ""one more turn""-ish, but they cater to different 'games' and requiring different strategies. To that end, I do recommend Endless Legend, not as a replacement, but as a change of pace from Civ5, and switching between the two depending on my playstyle mood.Finally, just as with Civ5, pick up the expansions/DLC. Civ5 is quite boring without Brave New World, and I feel Endless Legend is a bit basic without Guardians (for World/National Wonders,) Shifters (for new Winter mechanics,) Tempest (for Naval play,) and Shadows (for the Espionage system.)"
,Recommended,289130,27041487,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spyrie,"Tired of the same old ""real world"" history of civilizations and empires being played out in your 4x games?  Here's a game with none of the historical influence, and tons of confusing alien world resources, races, and unit types to be confused by.  But dang if its not just as freaking addictive."
,Recommended,289130,22630854,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Galerath,"It's like Civ, but it's fantasy. You've probably worked that out by now.There are a few really nice features that make it stand out more to me than Civ 5 did. First, the world is split into regions. Plonk a city down in a region and that region is yours, as are all the resources in that region (if you have the technology and buildings to harvest them). This means that you don't have to put down cities in awkward places just to secure your border, or nab a particularly important resource, which is a definite plus point. The combat is also vastly better than Civ, with a nice tactical map system when armies clash. Then there's the quest system, which nudges you towards exploration and towards playing according to your faction's theme. For example, the Wild Walkers get quests to build up cities, while the murderous Cultists get quests to raze cities and subdue minor factions. But it never feels intrusive, and the rewards are worthwhile. Overall the game has definitly got that Civ ""one more turn"" effect - I missed lunch today because I couldn't stop!That said, there are a few things I'd criticise the it for. Firstly it does a terrible job of explaining itself, especially the victory conditions. My second play through I won a Supremecy victory, and I really have no idea what that even meant. I mean, sure I'd beaten the other factions into the ground, but the victory seemed to come out of nowhere. Secondly, the AI seem a bit passive - in my first play through I was hopelessly sandwiched between vastly more powerful factions who could have wiped me off the map very quickly, but all of them accepted peace treaties and alliances, and pretty soon I was running my own little UN; not a single war happened until one of the AI factions was close to an economic victory and I got everyone to declare war on them. That said, in my second play through, where I played aggressively, several factions were wiped out before I even met them, so perhaps the AI are more keen to go to war with each other than the player. Thirdly, the AI difficulty seems badly tuned. My first play through was on normal difficulty and the AI racked up well over 10x my score, and I was nowhere near any victory conditions by the end (when an AI won). So I dropped it down a level to easy, where the AI bumbles around hopelessly and is pretty much a punching bag in war. The difference between the two difficulties is pretty radical to say the least.As an aside, be prepared to do a lot of fiddling around to get it to run on Windows 10. I had to set it to run in Windows 7 compatibility mode with admin permissions and no Steam overlay before it would even get past the first loading screen.Overall I'd recommend it to any fans of Civ, even people who, like myself, found the last Civ game disappointing."
,Recommended,289130,22305175,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Crimson Orange,A fantastic turn-based game!
76561198076636545,Recommended,289130,10665059,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,GrapeTheUnicorn,"Although the game still has more features to be added, it is still fun so far. Recommend."
76561197972483399,Recommended,289130,15939488,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Hamburger!,"Really good 4X game... multiple races and lots of units, all customizable. If you want a real challenge you'll need to crank the difficulty, otherwise once you know what you're doing you're going to box out the AI. That said, it's a fun game. A full game can take an evening or a whole day, each faction has their own storyline and playstyle than they are very different yet balanced. I was really impressed by what they accomplished with the different races and units here. The world, resources, and technology are interesting, fun, and meaningful as well. There is so much to the game just from an economy perspective. Have no regrets getting this game. Only sad issue is it seems there are a few little ""expansion packs"" for the game, that while they would be fun if you had them, aren't really substantial enough to warrant the expense. Good thing you won't need them. :D Recommended!"
76561197992747225,Recommended,289130,12294259,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Docile Blemmigan,"Essentially, this is everything I could have hoped Civilization: Beyond Earth will be and more.That said, for anyone who has played the Civilization series, this is a bit more abstract. For instance, technically there are only 4 units per race (one of those being a settler unit, which doesn't quite count). You aren't even guaranteed to have one of every type of unit (flying, infantry, ranged, and cavalry). However, you are able to absorb minor native races into your own, granting you access to many new units. Plus, rather than all units being the same, you are allowed to pick and choose items for them, as well as making entirely new styles of a unit based on the basic unit blueprint. So you could have one cavalry meant to move fast and hit hard, while another is meant to soak up damage. So in this way, compared to Civ there is an infinite number of units, in a slightly less straightforward way.A couple of other features take getting used to, even if you have played Endless Space before (though it does carry on a quite a few things from Endless Space). There are a few things I don't entirely agree with (the diplomacy mechanic could use some work), and definitely some things that need some work or expansion, but based on Endless Space I would say the developer will patch the game quite a bit. Plus the graphics are very, very eye-catching. I think this is the first game I’ve actually paused to look at the graphics.Edit: Thought I would add this about anyone who was concerned about things that are lacking at the moment. In the forums, they did a Q&A and answered a number of questions about where the game was headed and whether they will continue updating and expanding it like they have done with Endless Space.http://forums.amplitude-studios.com/showthread.php?36196-Q-amp-A-Ask-us-(almost)-anything"
76561197990947703,Recommended,289130,13538201,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dismiss,"This is not just 'another 4x stock gameplay rehash'.If you enjoy 4x in general and want to play a game that ACTUALLY puts a new twist on it, then this game is well made and does exactly that.Compared to Civ...-Factions are actually unique, in significant ways.-Terrain features have a much larger impact on gameplay. Hence, random map generation can lead to a more unique game than in Civ where all that really matters is how many enemies you have on your starting continent, and maybe how long it takes you to get horses.-Hero units which aren't just 'generals' giving passive buffs.-Combat isn't just a dice roll with summed attack vs defense. Since there are actual tactics, unit composition is important.-Create custom units by choosing equipment for a base model type. Eg, flying dragon with +ranged defense items, etc. This it a lot more interesting than 'mass highest tech level tank-equivalent unit till i win'."
76561198063742532,Recommended,289130,15463685,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Nautinto,A good turn based gamee like Civ4 and others.whats amazing in this game: graphics are very good. Heroes Upgrades. Map cizes. Alot difference resourses. big armies and big battles. alot turns. and alot alot more.Something negative? Going to next turn takes while. ( really it takes alot time to proceed round. )I really recommend this game for lover of turn base games.
76561198040628088,Recommended,289130,14585917,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,jonbeckmon,"Endless Legend is one of the better games I've played in a while.  It was easier to understand than Endless Space though I do like that one also due to the very good tutorial in Endless Legend.  I went through the complete tutorial as it explains how to do everything in the game.  The game is very much Civilization like in that you build the buildings and military you want in your city.  You can also grow your city larger by building Boroughs.  Each section or area of the map can contain only 1 city so there is no need to figure out the spacing between your cities.  There are a variety of races to choose from.  Each Race only has 3 different Military units that you can build but if you Assimilate a Minor Faction you can also build their military units also.  You can also upgrade the 3 Different Military unit choices you have with better weapons and armor and items which all the units of that type that you build in the future will have.  Your Armies or cities can also be led by heroes who level up and gain new abilities when they do through the assigning of skill points.  You can taylor your Hero to be better at giving a city food, dust or production for instance or you can make your hero a Military killing machine by making the armies he leads have greater life or attack , etc.  Heros and other units can also engage in quests through exploring ruins which adds a small role playing element to this beautiful 4X strategy game.  Everything is turn based and you can fight combat in turn based mode to have more control or just put it on Auto combat.  At first I fought everything in turn based combat to micromanage my troops but I found it sped up the game by going to automatic combat and the computer did a pretty good job of accessing losses.  You also have faction quests you can complete and if you finish them you can build a wonder and win the wonder victory.  I highly recommend this game for any gamer but especially those who like Sid Meier's Civilization games.  This game is far better than Beyond Earth and Endless Space is far better than Beyond Earth.  This games compare more favorably to the actual Civilization titles like Civ 5, civ 1, 2,3,4.I have played 236 hours and have all the achievement now so I  am moving on to another game.  I have enjoyed my playtime on this game very much however.  The game at first had many lock ups and bugs when the game would go on longer but I think the developers have been doing a very good job fixing bugs and I haven't had a game lock up or kick me out in some time now.  GREAT GAME.  Also the game has a Summer and Winter season and you have to plan for the winter season or you could be in trouble as production, dust, etc go down during the winter and movement is slowed."
76561198036607757,Recommended,289130,12609051,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,chris.reuter,"I bought Endless Legend on a whim to satisfy my 4x cravings whilst waiting for Beyond Earth and as such wasn't expecting that much.Overall it's worth buying, especially as it's not yet in full release and will no doubt get better when it is.The good:1) factions are varied and each has unique mechanics which completely alter gameplay.2) the graphics are very nicely done and work on a low-mid level spec machines.3) the storylines for the various factions add another element of depth to the game.The bad:1) The AI is very passive, even on higher levels of difficulty. Though if you want a challenge, set your world on hard with aggressive barbarians and watch as they wipe out the AI factions (and you, if you're not careful).2) Combat is a bit lacklustre and unless you're severely outnumbered doesn't pose that much of a challenge. Partly due to the AI, the computer doesn't upgrade its units very well.3) The tech tree can be a little odd. It's possible to unlock the last tier of research whilst still researching medieval-level tech.Overall it's a solid game and with some updates to the AI and balancing of certain units (driders can make an army virtually immortal) it should get better. I'd give it 7.5/10."
76561198018688805,Recommended,289130,12719042,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,CadetPenguin,"Holy good god this is a fantastic game, If you like Civ 5, Total war and anything fantasy related then you'll become an instant fan. Fans of Endless Space should also note that this game handles a lot like Endless Space so it won't be that hard of a learning curve for you people. But if you haven't played Endless Space first things first, go get Endless Space because that's also fun as hell. Second, you will struggle a little at first but as long as you don't lack common sense then you'll catch on in no time. I'd say Endless Legend deserves a solid 9.3/10.0"
76561197972370664,Recommended,289130,26635174,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Ambassador of Benevolence,"This is a fun game for those who like the genre. If you're tired of the extremely safe polish of the Civilization series, this is an enjoyable jaunt. In some ways, it reminds me of the excellent Fall from Heaven mod for Civ 4. (Anyone else play it?)It's a comparitively complex game, meaning you'll need to be willing to spend some time on dummy runs to figure out what's what. To me, this is part of the fun.Pros- Staggeringly beautiful worldmap- Masterclass in user interface and style- Constant hard-hitting decisions and prioritizations- Genuine differences between races- Well written, with fun lore- Lots and lots of innovative ideasCons- It's not a super-polished game. You'll find things that aren't quite right. Nothing that breaks the game, and in general it just gives the game texture and alleys to explore.- Combat isn't quite right. You know the fun tacticality of Civ V and VI? Well, it's absent here. There's both an initiative system and a pre-order unit action system, which combines screwily, which doesn't quite give the depth of play they were hoping for. Not to mention some oddities (archers that shoot too far, awkward zone of control, etc.)- Tilted end games. It's the usual problem. Either you or the AI snowball and become Godlike, meaning it's either a simple walk to victory or complete trashing. AI has trouble making comebacks from setbacks. Also, when you're winning, you can take your pick of victory options, which is too bad. March on capitals, win by science, quest victory are not always exclusive.- Boring exploration. In the beginning, you run around searching ruins. Sounds fun, right? Unfortunately, there's rarely anything in them but money, occasionally a fetch and destroy quest. (Update: the expansions mostly resolve this issue)Oh, and yes please to Endless Legends 2.- UPDATE -After playing with the expansions (Guardians and Shifters), I can say they make the game categorically better. Do buy them! (Especially after a game or two on the base edition to get the hang of it.)PROTIPS -- You can adjust the attack animation speed in the options menu- Try setting the world map to ""mountainous."" It's fun!- Try setting the turn-based mode to ""advanced."" That way, you only give orders every two rounds, which streamlines combat and makes it more fun and feels more tactical."
76561198033730571,Recommended,289130,15470728,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,johnnymrninja,"I found out about the free weekend too late, and only was able to play it for a couple hours. What I did play, I loved. I wish there was a little more handholding at the beginning, because it seems very deep and there were a lot of features I didn't know what to do with.I LOVE the idea of incorperating the minor factions. They're like Civ's city-states but with unique stories and units.I will definately purchase if/when it drops to 75% off, but the couple of bugs I saw make me wary to spend more (at least while I still have a game backlog). Their Endless Series really seems to be consistantly awesome, no matter the genre."
,Recommended,289130,13994158,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Spongeman,"Seriously fantastic 4x game.I have always loved the Civ series, and I've played pretty much every turn based strategy game I can get my hands on, but Endless Legend is better than all of them.It cuts away quite a lot of the bredth of the civ series, there's much less there in terms of espionage, trading, and religion, but that only adds to the experience.This game is much more simple than most 4x games, but where there is normally 1000 different tech paths to take, there are 1000 different styles of play which are each extremely valid.If you liked Civ, you'll probably love this. If you couldn't get into civ because it was too complex, you'll defintely love this."
76561198101566301,Recommended,289130,15102132,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ZimZamZonZo,"Bruh, you gotta get this game, fantasy civ with a really a beautiful art designPros and cons+ im reviewing this for steam achievement and its the one game i find no faults"
,Recommended,289130,26041867,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Codo Sapien,"My first 4X game, and I love it!"
,Recommended,289130,10393484,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Franknfurter,"The game is early access and yet my very first game I played to the very end (no crashes or major bugs) and enjoyed it. I like the different races, the backstory and the quests, the art and the mechanics. I'm looking forward to watching the game grow, add new races and mechanics that aren't in the game yet (trading, for example).I think it's worth buying even now, should be more than worth it when it's all complete.Plus points:1. The Map. Large maps with clearly defined regions, terrain features and independent races2. Mechanically distinct races with good art and lore3. Interesting concepts like Winter, which could become quite interesting (the effects aren't too significant atm but it's a wip)4. It ties in with the rest of the 'Endless' franchise, sharing lore and concepts like 'Dust'.5. A strong attempt to have community interactions with the games development through G2G voting and contests."
,Recommended,289130,25878157,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Irving,"A. it's a 4X game with a proper system of trade routesB. it has empires with more distinct mechanics than Civ VC. the combat's in-depth, but has an automatic option for faster gameplay.Need I say more?"
76561198021774673,Recommended,289130,25276040,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Msoulwing,"Endless Legend is an interesting beast, in many ways.First of all, each faction is unique. If you're used to Civilization factions, which have maybe a unique unit or two and some kind of resource boost, you may have to take some time to readjust.Each faction has powers and mechanics that render them VERY different from each other. For example, one faction relies entirely on money for its population growth. Another has such diplomatic mastery that it can force treaties through. One can only build one city, and relies on converting minor factions for resources and military.Secondly, the seasons. While writing this I only have the Guardians expansion installed, and there's another expansion that deals with seasons, so keep that in mind.Auriga has two seasons: summer and winter. At first, winter is simply a minor inconvenience, lowering resource production and movement for a few turns. However, Auriga is a dying world, and winter comes more and more frequently as the game drags on, and becomes more and more harsh.Preparing for winter becomes incredibly important, as an empire that does not have the proper means of dealing with it will fall behind.While I mainly find winter to be a bit of a nuisance, grinding the game to a halt when it gets bad, it does offer a lot of strategic depth to the game.Then there's combat. I honestly find the system a bit unwieldly, and recommend simply using auto-resolve for fights, but there's certainly room for tactics if one wishes it. Overall, however, it is much more important to keep your armies up to date and packed with the right units to counter your opponents.4X is generally about macro more than micro.Heroes. You start with one, they help your armies out, some locations require them to be interacted with. But don't just storm off exploring! Consider setting your hero up as governor of a city, gaining experience every turn and providing benefits. Come winter, you'll be glad to have one to keep your city from becoming completely snowed in.Then there's quests. These can be ignored if you want to, but each faction has a story to explore, and minor quests crop up all over the map. Quests do grant you valuable resources and items, so they're definitely worth pursuing if you can spare the units.Lastly, city building. Alright, listen up, this is important: you expand you city by building burroughs. Any tiles adjacent to or under a burrough grants you its listed income of science, food, industry, dust(money), and influence. But you don't want to stretch your city out too much, because tightly built cities get bonuses. So, when settling, judging your options for expansion is important.Furthermore, the strategic resources available depend on the region you settle in, rather than proximity to your city. As long as the resource is within the regional border, you can build an extractor on it.Overall, this game is a great little timesink, and one I recommend for fans of the genre. It looks great, sounds great, and plays great. Just be aware that it's not a game that ends quickly."
,Recommended,289130,15405588,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Hivemind,"A rare 4X game that's ""complete"" and extremely enjoyable in its basic pre-expansion version, unlike Beyond Earth (or any of the Civ games since 4, really) and countless other strategy titles. Radically innovates multiple systems standard to the genre and introduces wholly new ones without becoming feature-bloated; having crafted something so successful in so short a development career, I'm eager to see what Amplitude can accomplish in the future, both with this title and new entries."
76561198002783252,Recommended,289130,25326431,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Crimson Tigre,Art system is fantastic - it's better than the latest Civ game beyond earth but that's just about it. Gnerally some of the ideas are nice but I found myself relatively bored after the first few hours. I'm not a massive fan of the strange combat system which destroys any sort of tactics and larger scale battles which Civ has.Overall it's a nice game but i'm really suprised at some of the really high ratings - it offers an interesting dynamic in a packed market but won't keep you occupied for long - 6/10
,Recommended,289130,14106470,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Beige Lantern,"I literally can't stop playing this game. I knew nothing about it when I bought it, just one of the dozen supercheap games of the Holiday sale. I played through it three times (losing each time), uninstalled it to try out some of the other games, then changed my mind and reinstalled it. It's wrecking my marriage. I need help."
,Recommended,289130,28162327,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Maxxi,"better than Civ in pure singleplayer, the civs/races are completely different and play completely differently. amazing experience. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ writing, the english is at times very bad / badly translated from whatever the devs use. the descriptions are insufficient to say the least, i basically build things on guess. what does ""+1 xp per turn for army"" mean for a hero skill? +1 xp for the army under his command probably, but could be global because then there are abilities like +1 gold per turn and i wonder, does this only apply if the hero is garrisoned in one city,.. if yes, then does it only apply to that city's gold output i guess?you can choose to do manual fighting, this isnt possible in civ but it's useless anyway. i dont really get it, and the strengths of the units sometimes seem quite random.however there is a certain strategy to it but also a certain idiocy to it: i had an attacking sieging army on my city, it was located on a tile that wasnt easily accessible (only accessible via sea or 1 ground tile, think russian krim island).i moved my massively superior army to attack the invaders, with my city's guards it should be an instant win but i lost everything.i then realized that there was simply no room for the units to be stationed, thats why i lost. (i pretty much always let the fights resolve on automatic, the problem is that u cant skip forward if you are in manual mode once and often its quite obvious how it will turn out, so why keep having to click around).so back to the story: luckily the krim island had two groundtiles so i was able to land there with my own armies and this way i had more tiles to attack his army from than him and i won. This would be a great cool thing but there is one problem: He could theoretically destroy my entire city fortification and destroy my entire city just because i cant get to his army from any vantage point. Even though his army is only able to siege my massive city from one tiny district.just to be clear, this is quite an unlikely thing to happen but it happened.in general i like it but its REALLY hard to tell how good an army will fight against mine. his units are lvl 6, but his hero has better items maybe? who knows. Then he has a demon, ok that has a swipe attack but who knows how well it will be used.most of the time you really need to have more guardian elite units than him to win any fights in late game.also what i wanted to mention about the confusing language: the items for the heros say something like +2 iniative for army.What the hell is initiative? There are tons of things that arent explained at all properlymultiplayer useless, one game is running, 2 russians, refuse to speak english, constantly desyncs, people randomly join and leave the game and it takes minutes each timeOverall i can recommend this game as a better alternative than Civ 5, actually imo it is a lot better. The AI however is almost as bad as Civ, I mean i get it.. it's hard to make a good AI but it seems that they make the AI very lenient... why does it allow me to truce when it could very easily kill me?"
76561197991500367,Recommended,289130,13131351,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,GreyWuskerfluffFriendOfAllDogish,"This game combines elements from similar titles like, Civ 4, and 5 and Fallen Enchantress and is all around quite good. What really makes this a good purchase is the faction and the setting. Each major and minor faction honestly feels very unique and though some may have their similarities many of the factions have an entirely diffrent play style and often include many unique features and tactics."
,Recommended,289130,14182601,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Lycanthrope,"Easily my favourite turn-based strategy game. Sorry, Civilization.+ Varying races, each with differing strengths and weaknesses.+ Beautifully designed world.+ Interesting racial quests.+ Fluid combat that is more 'overseen' than actively engaged in.- Occasional world generation errors on reloading multiplayer saves.All-in-all a breath of fresh air to a very stale genre by a very ambitious Parisian developer.Well done."
,Recommended,289130,12268017,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Deadman Walkinz,"There are a few bugs here and there, but no game is perfect. I really enjoy how in depth this game goes to make the gameplay last. The races all differ in playstyle, although I am Partial to the Drakken. I like it more than Civ 5 because it has more of a fantasy feel with different types of creatures for the factions and the lore. I know this game type has almost been done to death, but Endless Legend puts a nice spin on it."
76561197968526294,Recommended,289130,22655111,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Maverick_Hunter,"In total, the game is pretty straight forward and good. The victory conditions and controls for game rules are unique and are, at least to me, the main draw for this game vs over 4X games. However, there is one area where the game feels like it falls flat: combat. Combat happens in a pseudo-simulataneous turn layout that, to me, feels exceptionally clunky and manual control is poorly implemented. A combat turn begins with you issuing general commands to individual units and once you hit go, the turn executes for all units on both sides of the conflict with faster units moving first. The problem with this setup is that if any other unit moves into the area you instructed a unit to move to, it disregards the order and re-assigns to whatever order the AI feels is the most important move. It would have been just as easy to begin a turn, rotating through the units in order of speed and issuing individual commands that execute and complete before moving onto the next unit in the turn. Instead, they threw this tried and true system to the wind to create this clunky, chaotic and often times infuriating system in which the actual player does interacts tactically with his units very little and the computer basically controls the entire flow of combat.Overall I'd give the game a 7/10.Strategic gameplay and lore: 9/10Combat: 5/10"
,Recommended,289130,9972542,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Divine Moments,Yes.
,Recommended,289130,22841988,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,E.T.,"Best for players looking for something different, yet similar to Civilization.Will get addicted instantly"
76561197975408004,Recommended,289130,14403292,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,sgt_grumbles,"Polished Civilization-like game with some interesting concepts.  It does a lot of things well, and is a solid turn-based empire strategy game.  It's just a little bit behind Civ 5 in quality.  A lot of the complaints I have with the game could be fixed with patches or expansions, though I know of none coming.Pro:-Unit customization that affects effectiveness-Races (nations) that have different gameplay styles, all mostly balanced-Good writing and story-Mostly painless multiplayer.  Simultaneous turns are welcome.-Good new concepts.  Winter is a period of increased cost and slowed movement, injects manageable uncertainty.  It can be thought of as a cyclical global economic depression.  No workers, just city buildings to improve tiles.Con:-World location quests need balancing.  Some objectives are much more annoying to fulfill than is justified by the reward.  Some rewards are useless, some are incredibly powerful, and overall the questing system does not reach its potential.  Some quests are tedious micromanagement (I refer to you, quest that requires a level 4 infantry hero to complete)-Computer difficulty.  The AI is not very challenging,  At higher difficulties, the computer players get resource bonuses.  AI is hard to do well for a strategy game, but this one is noticeably worse than Civ 5.  Games against the computer rarely last to completion: long before any victory conditions are met, the player will have achieved superiority, and a long slog through the remaining provinces remains.  With a large enough resource headstart, the computer will be very challenging in the early game, but can't keep pace with the player.-Writing and story.  One problem with having a single story-line for each race, even if it is well conceived and written, is that it doesn't give the same satisfaction on future playthroughs.-Terrain.  Whereas the distribution of resources in Civ 5 dictates expansion and diplomatic relations with other countries, in this game city placement is more of a task of selecting the highest output tiles.-Auto city governors.  These guys love to build unique buildings, and if you let them run free they will sink all your resources (non-refundable) into starting construction of the unique buildings in each city.-Research mechanic.  Each tech you research increases the cost of all future techs.  So if you skip over an early tech, going back to research it will effectively slow techs at your higher level.  I see the need to scale requirements with the greater research power of a large late-game empire, but the way it's implemented penalizes a large empire for researching low level techs.-Inadequate documentation.  The manual is a wiki page, and the developers seem to rely on the community to explain some game mechanics there.  What does the parasite skill do, and why do the slugs cast it on your own units?  (After battle it will spawn a unit from an affected enemy that dies, and nobody has any idea why the slugs cast it on friendlies.)  This is the sort of thing that should be explained."
76561197966299034,Recommended,289130,25885212,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Pistolen Willi,"Great game. Played many hours, really fun fantasy 4x strategy game.  The new negative reviews are all from angry Chinese players."
,Recommended,289130,13586161,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,RED Floyd /(Weber)\,"Endless Legend is easier than Endless Space, and by easier, I mean less stressful, a lot less stressful.With that being said it's also a vast improvement on what Endless Space set up, Endless Legend's UI is lot less cluttered and easier to navigate, stuff (anomalies, terrain) is spread out over the hexes, and luxuries do more than provide industry, science and so on, when you have enough of them you can activate them for a major boost.There's also a lot less big waiting for units or improvements to finish production, which is really nice when setting up new cities. Not to mention you can equip heroes now, and best of all the combat system is no longer card playing but actual right there battles, turn based.All in all Endless Legend hits a high mark just like Endless Space did, and was a major relief after dealing with stress Endless Space may put on, and Endless Legend is no less difficult than Endless Space is/was, so expect a challenge, bring your A-game!"
,Recommended,289130,25905865,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Drakon,"As underrated as awesome, this not so known jewel achieved to set a precedent in my taste for the 4X games and has become my reference in the genre.If you like 4X the same as me make your best to give an opportunity to this and enjoy how your usual Civilization elements are bound with other Amplitude trademark mechanics in the carefully written fantasy theme of the Endless universe.Don't kill me for saying that Civ would like to be like EL and not the contrary."
76561198075691195,Recommended,289130,25866154,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Mithrandir,The best high fantasy 4x game!
,Recommended,289130,25902153,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Armis,"The game is a refreshing take on 4X. In a genre dominated (defined, almost) by Civ-likes, there are a few brave design decisions in there which I truly loved. Chief among those is the way the game restricts the number of cities you can build (severely, for one faction) so you can concentrate on those you do build. Heroes are interesting, the art is beautiful as always for Amplitude games, and it runs like a charm. Also, the storytelling is amazing for this genre. Highly recommended."
76561198069621747,Recommended,289130,25902381,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mardukischta,One of the best Games I have ever played
76561198044948756,Recommended,289130,25947242,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,exxon,It's a polished and pretty advanced 4x game.Melds traditional 4x mechanics in a fantasy/sci-fi world with a dash of RPG elements here and there.Give it a try!
76561198026525498,Recommended,289130,25995107,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Darth Syphus,"This is probably the most fun I've had with a 4x since I was spending my afternoons with Alpha Centari. The  art direction is great and the map is just lovely. The game's biggest, strength, however, is in the diversity and individuality of its factions. Each faction is so compleatly different that it really serves to keep the game fresh and interesting. Not to mention the lesser races you can encounter and recruit. Lastly, the lore and sense of history to the setting is just great. I honestly can't praise this game enough. It brought me back into 4x like nothing else has in a long time."
76561198066981737,Recommended,289130,26057590,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Boggy,I view Civ 5 with all its expensions as an introduction to Endless Legend. There is much more depth to this game
,Recommended,289130,26079881,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Pirate King,"Pretty good. A bit more complex than Civ 5 once you actually get into it, less than Civ 4."
,Recommended,289130,26082022,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Jesse White,This is an incredible game. Full of content and endless fun (haha). For as long as I have been playing it I can say that it is one of my favourite games of this genre.
76561198065430715,Recommended,289130,26082216,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Captain Butts,"Quite good! Though Civilization comparisons abound, it actually puts me more in mind of a Total War game what with the one city per province and stacked armies. I've sunk half a day in to it at time of writing and look forward to the self-loathing that accompanies the ever-swelling 'hours played' counter."
76561198062775309,Recommended,289130,26093749,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Aryam,Well I feel a little cheated cuz I feel I bought the game with all expansions... Turns out it was bought with all expansions except for the most pricey and biggest one... Tempest. Yet still overall a good game. Deffinately not worth it's price as it is now... Buuut deffinately worth it when on a promo. :)
,Recommended,289130,26109405,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Reichsführer Heinrich Himmler,"Likely one've the best 4x strategy games I've ever played. Lots of depth, fun combat, amazing factions. Very Civilization like. If you liked Civ, and wanted a more fantasy take, this game is absolutely for you."
,Recommended,289130,26141570,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Bassam,"This is my first touch on the endless series , so everything is very fresh for me ,for the game itself , I can tell that it's well-designed and filled with hardwork ,especially the music , art , story , weather and terrain , actually everything in this game is ."
76561198070467560,Recommended,289130,26156159,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kailev_Tel,"TL;DR - Would highly recommend, especially as a sale on the game+DLCs. The whole thing is very good and easily worth the time and money. 9/10A genuinely good 4X game that started off novel and interesting but a little barebones but got quite fun and fleshed out after a few expansions. The DLC feels a little like finishing the game post-release but it doesn't feel like too much of a cash grab and really fleshes out the experience. It has its flaws for sure but it has a lot more going for it that's good than bad.Pros:-Very solid and intuitive UI; right-clicking to exit stuff felt natural very quickly and makes flicking through menus a breeze-Visually very pretty; it has a unique art style that it depicts very well-Music is good, if a little unvaried after 50+ hours-Research on the whole feels good; a lot of variety and choices in it feel meaningful, though it might rrub some people the wrong way that no research has prerequisites-Story and setting are incredibly deep and unique, if you care to read anything beyond mission objectives-Solid variety and number of races/factions and each is very unique (with the exception of one that's just a pallette swap)-I've had very good load times, for the most partCons:-No mini-map, which gets frustrating on larger maps-AI can be kind of a dink about stuff (declaring war for basically no reason, killing your units just because, refusing to even consider diplomacy with you because you killed a bunch of people...), but that's nothing new to 4X games-Some races feel blatantly more powerful than others and some are very dependent on map type and player placement, which for the most part is fairly random, causing you to remake the game in the hopes that this time you won't get screwed-Remaking games doesn't have a button in the menuMixed:-Winning with Dust is extremely easy, to the point of it happening to me twice by accident-Combat can feel either strategic and important or tedious and frustrating; auto-resolve will work most of the time just based on army strength but you can out-tactics the AI and/or get screwed on the RNG rolls in manual fighting-There's no backing out when you attack someone (though they can flee from you), so a bad click or poorly planned attack can ruin your day-Super easy to breeze through missions without paying an iota of attention to the story behind them because of how comprehensibly the objectives are outlined-The game really comes together only with DLCs-Customizing units is neat but tedious and only having four base models per race (sort of fewer in a couple cases) really limits how much variability there really is"
,Recommended,289130,26325175,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Brynjolf,Like civilization with fantasy trolls and monsters.Best 4x game i've ever played!
,Recommended,289130,26370575,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TheBorg,"There is so much to do and to learn in this game. The basics are fairly straightforward for a more or less experienced civ player like me, but this game is so overwhelming. There is so much going on everywhere, all the time. Honestly, I often feel I am simply not good enough for this game (even though I would beat Civ 5 on deity).For someone with a knack for strategy, this should be among your top picks. Beware though, someone who just wants an easy playing experience might feel there is too much to learn here."
76561198121081492,Recommended,289130,26393716,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,denniscdc,It is a good game and even better than civilization in some aspects.
76561198059513414,Recommended,289130,26460007,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,gap_81,"Amplitude has created one of the most beautiful, intersting, and engaging intellectual properties with their Endless series of games that I have come across in a long time. It is truely a masterpiece of story telling and a world that is so rich and deep, it pulls you in becuase it feels like it's alive.None of thier games pulls off that feeling of being an actual  living breathing world better than Endless Legend. While all of their games are set in the Endless universe, they are all quite different in scope, scale, and type.  Endless Legend itself dives back into Amplitude studios 4X roots, building on their experince with the incredibly polished Endless Space, to bring you something more intimate and grand, all at the same time.Endless Legends seeks to take the basic 4X template of Explore, Expand, Exploit, and Exterminate and paint it with a whole new pallete. While it clearly borrows from its predecesors in many mechanics and themes there is so much inovation it trys to add, and mostly successfully. From dynamic weather, seasons, and beautiful world genration; to truely unique factions and storytelling; to creative takes on diplomacy, technology, and combat. Endless legend takes everything you know and turns it 90', just enough to keep it for what it is, but just enough to make it new. Some of the new you may grow to love as i have.  Some may not be your cup of tea, but to Amplitudes credit they have tried and succeded in my opinion of providing a unique experince.If you are a fan of 4X this game is worth a look.  It offers so much for those truely seeking to dive into something deep, like a great 500 page novel. This game is not for the feight of heart or those with no desire to take the time to learn its inner workings.  In many ways its greatest strength is also a weakness. The innovation implemented often makes it less than intuitive at times, even for seasoned 4X players, and it can be frustrating when you are not looking for something different on a fundamental level.  This is by no means a reskined version of anything you have played before, which opens up doors to hours of enjoyment as you experince a whole new way to play a 4X.  It also opens the door for frustation at times. The game has a sub par tutorial and so much of the meaty information will have to be researched outside of the game if you truely want to grasp it in full. Its a heft investment that will hopefully be resolved with better in game info as the developers have a history of polishing and supporting their games long after release. Luckily info is out there and the community is very friendly and helpful if you engage them on forums and in multiplayer lobbys.The biggest thing I love about this game more than anything else is the perfectly balanced imbalance of the game and factions. There is so much flexibility and uniqueness to everyone of them that every game can be different. Technologies and strategies that worked in one game may be horrible in the next because every choice is so interdependant on things like starting location...who your neighbors are...what resources you have close by...ect ect ect. There are defiinetly fundamental techs and starts for each race, but nothing and i mean nothing is set in stone. You will have to think more than ever to be successful, and every choice matters, and taking your time to hit that end trun button is almsot never wasted time. Waiting to give this challenging, beautiful, and reasonably priced game a try by not hitting the buy button during the next steam sale however...most definetly is."
76561198058908130,Recommended,289130,26476164,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Vaelstorm,"I'm not a massive 4X fan, nor experienced in them, but this game intrigued me. I got it on sale and since playing I can honestly say, it's worth full price.I seem to be plowing through eras much faster than I'm actually spreading out over / exploring the map. There are little quests that you can do throughout the game so it's a little more than just farming resources, killing everything and being the biggest.I've not got far, but it seems that each faction has it's own storyline which is pretty cool. Not sure if there's an almighty reward at the end or if it unlocks anything. I've found myself proceeding through the story very slowly.I've found a couple of things in the game that kind of niggle at me, but I think they're personal perference over anything else. I've played for a good few hours now and I feel that I've barely touched the surface of what the game has in it."
76561197981742029,Recommended,289130,26742727,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,72 virgins,"Good game, Some subtle changes could make it a whole lot better. I disabled guardians dlc. They were very imbalanced. Wish AI was better so they wouldnt have to make cpu income rediculously high on highr difficulties. How can get 4 expansions in 6 turns. Still worth the money, I'm sure I'll come back to it."
,Recommended,289130,26910428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Commissar Pootis,Very good game if you like civ like games.
,Recommended,289130,27002120,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HipaHipa,"This is the only 4X turn based game that make me not boring to play, there is a quest inside game that keep you playing and exploring all the UI and design is very intuitive, i love the art soundtrack and the world design concept this game is worth for   every award he received."
,Recommended,289130,27020915,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blackwood,"I love strategy games. They are in my blood and soul. I play total war games and other combat RTS games, i found turn based (combat) to be to slow and unbalanced (like a CIV game). However this game changed my mind. like the total war it enters a changed stance for  combat, yet like CIV keeps the view on the world by being faster engagements. Fun for CIV and total war like players all the same."
76561197980867401,Recommended,289130,27048332,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drewmëister,More interesting than Civ.
76561198049234101,Recommended,289130,27258056,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zackgm,"Really excellent game, lots of depth and each civilization is soo diferent"
,Recommended,289130,27325571,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,petert1208,One. More. Turn.
76561197989582150,Recommended,289130,27389779,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bleaqueworld,"Even without shelling out for all the expansions that take it over the top, this is still an awesome, amazing 4x game."
76561198046424959,Recommended,289130,27395285,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yulix,Like Civ V but better
,Recommended,289130,27412309,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Master Aqil,Just Perfect.
,Recommended,289130,28191670,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,rex,"Now that Endless Legend has had ships added to the game ( The Tempest dlc ), it finally plays like a complete 4x strat that easily competes with any other title in the genre ( I've played many hours of civ 5, warhammer, etc) The depth of the combat systems, diplomatic, and quests keep you strategic appetites nourished ever single turn. The factions that you can pick from are all intresting to play with the option of customizing factions to your liking using a point system. Aesthetically its a beautiful game and is quite enjoyable to follow the endless lore that Amplitude has created.The legend keeps me comin back for more endless turns."
76561197962273784,Recommended,289130,28857921,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bruce Illest,"I am the guy that always wants to like strategy games, but never have the patience to fully understand and appreciate their complex systems.Maybe it is because I am older now, I have no idea.  I bought this game because I thought it looks fun, just like every other RTS or 4x game I see.  It looks fun and I get in game, and I lose interest fast because it is so overwhelming.This game is so beautifully put together.  From the art style, music, character, gameplay, and strategy.  I became totally engaged and committed to the game I had started.I can't compare this to other 4x games as I don't have a lot of experience.  I can say though, for those who have always been intrigued by 4x games but could never get into them, give this one a shot."
,Recommended,289130,28923702,Posted: 1 January,all,scwoptoy,Fantastic and complex 4X strategy game with a steep learning curve.
76561197968173603,Recommended,289130,28949358,Posted: 2 January,all,SteVAN Universe,"If you like Civ(I've only played 5), this game should be right up your ally. The UI and graphics are much improved over other 4X games, and the diversity of gameplay and races are a refreshing improvement over the same old stuff."
,Recommended,289130,29054477,Posted: 6 January,all,Kplate,"Great game, if I wasnt still trying to get my moneys worth out of Civ I would always pick this instead."
,Recommended,289130,29412882,Posted: 21 January,all,MechaDeer,Super cool. Wish my potato of a computer could run it.
76561198061166315,Recommended,289130,29415310,Posted: 21 January,all,TotalWurzel,"After the chore that was Dungeon of the Endless, I thought I'd dive into this game and see if the devs have learnt any lessons, And they have.  This time there is actually a game here, and there's a tutorial that actually explains the basic game mechanics and user interface (a must for this type of game).  As for the game itself think a fantasy set version of Civilization with greater depth, and combat that you can actually influence.  Speaking of which the unit customization is a good idea.The user interface contains just the right balance between information and usability, with the mechanics similar enough to other games that's it's very easy to pick up.I'm early days into the game, but I'm encouraged by the start, it's imaginative in it's setting and factions, the game is easy to pick up and get in to, and there are enough options to customize the game to suit a player's play style and system limitations.Yes it's never going to make my top 25 all time games but on sale, this game is value for money even more so if youre a fan of these types of games.  Oh and it is a thing of visual beauty (always my last consideration with a game - I just look for a professionally done job gfx wise)."
,Recommended,289130,29430679,Posted: 22 January,all,Mr Feindly,This is a great game. I actually like better then civ. once i got the controls down. Take the tutorial its quick and worth the time. Each faction has there own style of progressing and the heros offer something else to manage while waiting on those long turns in tech. Over all worth picking up
76561198150128880,Recommended,289130,29465677,Posted: 24 January,all,Fist of fury,I just love this game. Each faction has a unique play-style. In depth game play options. It's specially very fun in multiplayer. The game world is very well designed and looks beautiful. Recommend this game to anyone who enjoys turn base strategy games.
,Recommended,289130,29776236,Posted: 7 February,all,c.m.soul01,"Some of the most fun I've had playing a game in a long time, I keep losing track of time constantly I get so consumed by everything thats going on.  Everything on the map looks amazing, from the buildings to the environments to your army units.  All of the different factions feel completly unique allowing for vastly different experiences depending on who you're playing as and who against giving the game great replay value can't recommend this game enough."
76561198076603646,Recommended,289130,33236632,Posted: 4 July,all,Dad,"Quite crude in its mechanics, interfaces and user experience, but still pretty good with great balance and depth."
76561198038651212,Recommended,289130,33635756,Posted: 18 July,all,shabang50,"Excellent, asymetric 4x. Each faction plays genuinely differently. Robust lore, pretty graphics, good resource system."
76561198138558371,Recommended,289130,33638463,Posted: 18 July,all,inFamy,Perfect!
,Recommended,289130,34006712,Posted: 3 August,all,Sir Wilfrey,"I like me a good strategy game. While not the most fleshed-out one out there, this gave me some good laughs and tense debates among friends as we clashed epic wars of heroes and villains, usually with Zetta somewhere in the background manipulating us both with his merchantile skills... Also brings stealth to the table in a glorious way, really adds some paranoia and psychological warfare into play. I suggest it for people who thought ""Civ is nice, but I want dragons too"". Modding community is pretty strong as well, some of it's very good stuff, and multiplayer + mods is supported nicely, which should really improve longevity of the game."
76561198128913636,Recommended,289130,34257808,Posted: 15 August,all,Cret92,"I was first introduced to this genre through the Civilization franchise. After playing Civ V I thought I wouldn't be able to find another series in the genre that I enjoyed as much due to the bar being set so high. Endless Legend proved me wrong. There was a bit of a learning curve, but once I understood the mechanics I began to enjoy myself a lot more than I expected.The factions are all very unique and I feel like I am playing a different game which each faction I try. There are many unique victory types as well. Even once you've tried all of the factions, you can create your own custom faction which is quite fun to experiment with.If you are skeptical about this game, I recommend giving it a try, as it may surprise you like it did for me."
76561198100763522,Recommended,289130,26057156,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,levrr,"If you like the Civilization games, but want something new or a rich, orginal scfi-fantasy story, this is the game for you"
76561198056307868,Recommended,289130,26060545,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,rafaelmurciano,"this game is sweet for real bro i mean i thought civs V was good this is like the better version and its just so cool and complete, i mean eerything about it is just so refreshing honestly... the art is ♥♥♥♥ing sweet and you can tell they really put work in to it. i could be here all day talking about the good things but im just going to point out the bad ones i saw. one thing i have to admit is the tutorial was♥♥♥♥♥♥and didnt go in to detail at all... i had to tach youtube videos to really get what the game offerd but after i got it there was no stoping me. also just my preferance i like how civs does it that you city expands slowly in to a reagion when here yours is already set but honesty it does not bother me that much. i mean this game is so good that there are bearly any mods for it.. i mean normaly a game ♥♥♥♥s it up and people fix it with the mods but i found out that here there are non almost, i really doesent need any. im going to give the developers pops for this game becaus they outdone themselvs you can really tell when developers not only give a♥♥♥♥♥♥but enjoy making a good game. i havent played there other game endless space yet but im going to and im so excited about it, this is my first review ever and im really not about it but i had to make one for this awesome game, i mean if you like strategy and a game with 237941834 options at your disposal where what you do really matter than this is yor game"
76561198029300088,Recommended,289130,26103808,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,yenkin2001,"I just got back to this game and re-loaded partly as I was interested in the new Tempest release.  This game has a lot to offer those who love the 4x model.  First a bit about the game, there is a learning curve, the tutorial is out there and will get you started, but by know means extensive so a few restarts are normal. While playing on the ""very easy"" level is really not much of a challenge against the AI, I would play a game there just so you can get the mechanics down, you really do need to learn to keep a close eye on your growing empire, this comes more apparent as you move up in the level you want to play. There are a lot of limiting factors in the game, each balancing out the play.  You do have to pay attention to your growth and your cities or you can find yourself resource poor, money poor, influence poor and so far behind the eight ball you will be hitting the start of a new game from the main menu.Graphics and Sound, personally graphics in a 4x game is the least important, and the map can be a bit of a challenge graphically wise, but nothing that is a stopper. Sound, I typically don't even play with the sound on, so not important.  Unit Graphics are nice, and meet the needs of the game.  Overall the look is fine.Interfaces, not perfect, but not hard to navigate, you don't have to go down more than one to two levels to find what you need. So getting where you need to go, and getting what you need to get done, is quick.  Movement is click on a unit and move the cursor to where you want to go then mouse click.  Easy enough.The game play, this game is a ""Just One More Turn"" game.  This is what a good 4x game does, in my opinion, you get rolling and there is always something to do, and somewhere to go, especially in the mid game.  There is a lot of checks and balances in the game to prevent over expansion as your empire population gets unhappy with you expanding to quickly.  So the game is not just about expanding and grabbing every region as  you will find yourself with an unhappy population which effects your cities outputs.  Low outputs, means slower production, slower population growth etc.....There are lots of resources in the game, some of which makes more powerful units, others give bonuses to your region and city.  Building a city in the right place is important, as being able to control your growth and expand your city takes planning of your new Districts, you get bonuses for a good growth.  The game balances this nicely with the tech research.  You can choose pretty much any tech in your Era you are not limited to a path, keep in mind that you may need to shift how you research through out the game as you try to balance the game and meet the needs.  Do you select researching a more powerful unit, or do you select bonuses that allow you to equip current units with more powerful weapons.  Do you select production buildings over money making Buildings.  Typically there is an ever increasing cost to opening new research no matter what the era, so selecting a research you passed in Era 1 while  you unlocked Era 4, does not really quicken your research.Over all this game has a lot going for it, continued DLC support adds challenges and new leaders and factions.  9/10, especially since it is on sale."
,Recommended,289130,26127923,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Shaz,"I generally struggle to hold focus on a game like Civ, but for some reason endless legend is incredibly engrossing."
76561198011261543,Recommended,289130,26129709,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,-.-,Easily one of the best strategy games to come out for awhile
76561198160595621,Recommended,289130,26129937,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Panope_du_Pacifique,"best fantasy strategy/tactic game ever (until now) :)big up to the art direction teamincredible gameplayvery addictiveun jeu magnifique qui renouvèle le genre stratégie fantastiqueils ont gardé le meilleur de civ5 tout en améliorant et inventant ce qui allourdissait le gameplay de civmention spéciale à la direction artistique, graphisme sublime et je pèse mes mots, musique parfaiteBRAVO!!!"
,Recommended,289130,26136899,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Jake Fox,"This 4X game is incredible. I prefer this game over Civ. Not saying that Civ is bad, still a great game, but I truly feel that each race I play has a completely different strategy to winning. With all the DLC that is available now, especially the new one that was recently released, Tempest (Oct 2016), the game now feels more complete and has new elements that were in desperate need before, such as naval battles. The game is beautifully designed and has a certain characteristic that separates it from other 4X games. Even clocking in at over 100 hours with this game now, I have yet to fully explore all the races and master them. That is how involved each race is. Games even on the fastest setting still have a length in which you need a considerable amount of time, but is possible to do in one sitting. However, I feel like sometimes the automatic battles are a bit goofy and can cost me some games, but I guess that’s what you get when you can only process a battle based off numbers."
,Recommended,289130,26157495,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,TheReelGame,"I am a big fan of Civ 5, I saw this game and bought it under the impression: ""Oh its like civ 5 but with like fantasy themed creatures and environments.""This game sometimes outperforms Civ 5 and has some new interesting game mechanics for a turn based strat game. Get it if you like Civ and want a new theme and don't mind learning the RPG elements of this game."
76561198046925774,Recommended,289130,26331238,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Lord Dread30,"I'm not normally into this style of strategy game, but this was a good exception,"
,Recommended,289130,26332567,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FlaminF1r3,"throwing my positive review into the mix to help counterbalance the butthurt china men!Ultimately this game is fantastic. It's a wonderful fantasy 4x game that is definitely a cheaper alternative (And just as polished) alternative to the Civ games. City building is relatively easy to understand, all the races you can play as are nicely varied, and the custom factions are fantastic. A few minor nitpicks is that I've had units generated by ruins spawn in water before I've unlocked the water traversal tech, rendering them imboile and useless. Also, on normal difficulty, the ai doesn't seem to like to negotiate? Maybe it was just that one game, but they never wanted to negotiate, and despite literally being unable to declare war on people myself, I had 3/4 enemy factions declare war on me. Other than that, great game. 4/5 rubber chickens :)"
,Recommended,289130,26340028,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,buji_ryu,Probably one of the best 4X games out there.
76561198043217958,Recommended,289130,26346323,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,jmad2205,A great game that offer most of the positive of Endless Space while offering interesting new mechanics.
76561198123885276,Recommended,289130,26394425,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Blackwatch,"Great game, if you liked Civ then you'll love this game. Excellent from start to finish, fresh 4X goodness with a lot of features Civ doesnt have. After playing Civ6 I can honestly say that I do, indeed, prefer this; beautiful, dynamic, interesting."
,Recommended,289130,26403556,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Areus,"Fantastic entry into its genre, beautiful, atmospheric, and immersive. One of the best 4X games ever made, for my money.The factions feel genuinely unique and require entirely different playstyles and viewpoints. Avoids the pitfall Endless Space fell into of making it virtually impossible to improvise from the expected faction playstyle, but still definitely makes it a unique challenge to turn pacificsts into world conquerers.That said, it does have its issues. Pacing issues early on, difficulty curve that goes from an early ""Wow what happened to all my units and cities and hopes and dreams?"" to a late ""Wow what happened to all the AI's will to live?"", and a somewhat bland combat system all keep it from perfection, but they're not dealbreakers by any means.As an afterthought, the expansion packs are definitely worth it on sale, but perhaps less so at full price. The game would lose a lot by not having them, but they're still a lot of money for pretty small shifts in the experience."
76561198022270757,Recommended,289130,26536741,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mr Squeak,"This is by far one of the best 4X games I have ever played.With all its 4 expansions, it is far deeper and substantial compared to Civilization V with all 2 expansions and additional civilization packs. This is the case for the following dimensions:1) Factions: Even though there are far fewer factions in Endless Legend (EL), each one of them is extremely differentiated from one another due to its primary unique faction trait, in a way which directly affects gameplay very deeply. Even the faction units are unique to each race.2) Terrain: The diversity of terrain in this game is a lot more than civilization. Adding actual graphical and gameplay changes to terrain during winter even adds more to this. The seas in Civ 5 tend to be homogenous, but in EL, it is very diverse too.3) Battle: EL simply has more tactics compared to Civ 5, since you enter a 'battle mode' just like you do in games like Heroes of Might of Magic V. Some units have spells, support, and unique abilities, adding more flavor to the game, rather than just attack as in Civ 5.4) Customizability: The factions can be customed in ways more unique than Civ 5. The units too - even though there are only 3 core unit templates per faction (minus the 5 - 6 'elementals'), each one can equip up to 5 - 7 items, which actually translates to visible graphical changes that you can see in-game. Changing the weapons do more than just change stats - some weapons change the ability of the unit.5) Moddability: Already, I'm having fun with the various mods on the steam workshop. Additional faction traits, endless faction traits, enhanced map generator, earth maps, level 4 district mod - it adds a lot of gameplay customizability to one's own personal preference.6) Graphics: graphics in EL are superior to Civ 5 by a huge amount.7) Sound and Music: both comparable, in terms of sound effects and soundtrack quality.8) Espionage: EL is deeper, unlike in Civ 5 where you could only use 5 - 6 agents. In here, you can hire just about as many heroes as you can afford, and there are far more espionage options and flexibility.9) Terrain improvements: Unlike in Civ 5 where most buildings are built in the city itself, you actually build many buildings and wonders over the land, by selecting a tile to build on.10) Heroes: The heroes in EL are actually capable of doing battle, have their unique talent trees (for each faction) that are very deep, and you can equip them, or even ask them to govern cities.11) Others: EL also offers governances (city automation) where you set from up to 7 types to auto-govern extremely large empires to cut down on micromanagement.12) Quests and lore: There actual quests in the game, many of them, where it builds up the lore, and also offers empire bonuses as you finish them.13) Victory options: More numerous in EL compared to Civ 5.That only things that EL loses to Civ 5 are the following:1) Number of wonders: Civ 5 wins this in sheer quantity outright, but EL's wonders are actually visible very conspicuously on the titles themselves, in an enlarged manner compared to the former.2) Audios: There are too few verbal audios in EL!3) City Policies: While EL does have this in a way, in terms of winter perks, government plans and hero faction perks, this is by no means as developed as the social policies of Civ 5.4) Diplomacy: Negotiations with other factions are just as diverse as in Civ 5, but more restrictive, in that you must make peace with a faction before you can trade with them.Conclusion:Altogether, EL offers a far deeper gameplay than Civ 5, with a different fantasy sci-fi genre. I strongly recommend Endless Legend."
,Recommended,289130,28281549,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Sidney Bot,"I love it, so unique, so cool, get it tbh."
76561198068831509,Recommended,289130,28588285,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Richfrenchy,"The game is beautiful smooth and has a huge amount of depth to it. The developers are listening to their community extensively and that is always great to see. It is on the same level as Civ V that I used to play extensively. This game has got me saying: ""one more turn"" and that is what I need!The game is fairly complicated though, and requires a lot to get into, but once you understand it it really is a blast. Another donwside is the combat. It is extremely slow and repetitive and can get frustrating to look into. The concurrent details and over the top factors to combat are annoying sometimes, where another faction will over power you based on their stats is too much. to take into account.The factions are great and work differently which is nice to see in a 4X game. Compared to Civ V there are less factions but more depth to each and can really cater to people's different interests in playstyle. It is great for all types of players.I highly recommend this game if you are willing to macro and micro manage for a long time. Furthermore, if you are into growing cities then this game is for you!"
76561198117379747,Recommended,289130,29089733,Posted: 7 January,all,welltooth,My first 4x and incredibly fun and well designed.
76561198011511817,Recommended,289130,29107169,Posted: 7 January,all,amtgardzealot,If you like any of the Civ games I think you would enjoy this and it has more of a RPG feel to it.
,Recommended,289130,29369266,Posted: 19 January,all,AddSense,"While this game has its own little flaws it's not that important to me comparing to the game ability to immerse you into a beautiful breathtaking magical world. The challenge of making your faction strive is pleasant and as always there is that ""just one more turn"" mood in the game as sign of a good 4x strategy."
76561198212090907,Recommended,289130,29441690,Posted: 23 January,all,I am LMFAO,"The thought of being a dragon man who can run around and murder everyone else really brings a tear to my eye. The fact you can be five dragon men and literally kill everything, well let's just say this might be game of the year. 😍"
76561198081840940,Recommended,289130,29850536,Posted: 11 February,all,Wereshrew,"Really good game, very relaxing with an in depth and varied campaign for each faction.If you're after an interesting 4X game thats a bit different to Civ give it a try.DLC's are not necessary unless you've completed the main game, as each adds a somewhat more complex and specialised game experience that could be a bit overwhelming if not familiar with the game."
76561198023578956,Recommended,289130,30219763,Posted: 27 February,all,Lukas,"Forgett about Age of Wonders. This game ist much more fun. Beautifull Art, fantastic Soundtrack and really addicting story."
,Recommended,289130,30360762,Posted: 6 March,all,Bex,"Amazing game play! Tons of fun for hours,  Would recommend to anyone looking to play a 4x game."
76561198109856007,Recommended,289130,31497166,Posted: 1 May,all,It Incurs Dust,"Endless Legend is an amazing, immersive and unique 4X game that does its very best to create an awesome fantasy world"
76561198101314180,Recommended,289130,31619033,Posted: 7 May,all,Shax,"I'd mostly skipped over purchasing Endless Legend because I wrongly thought that the game would be a weaker, more generic, worse version of the Civilization series. After purchasing Civilization VI and not beating a game yet, growing tired of the poorly implemented ""districts"" feature, the continued obsolescence of units as the game progresses, and the poor DLC practices, I went in search of another game to scratch my itch. Endless Legend has done that and more.I purchased the game as of three days ago and have already purchased all the DLC and played two full games. The elevation systems, resources and expansion of cities, differing units and playstyles, quests, and overall uniqueness to the gameplay have me hooked. I was not expecting to have as much fun as I've had already and love the usage of armies, items, and heroes that totally differ the game while keeping the same core systems that you find in 4X games. The lore and fantastical science fiction elements help, too.If you're looking for something to beat out Civilization VI or just a new 4X game, go for this one."
,Recommended,289130,32879923,Posted: 27 June,all,Pardum,"This game is a great 4x, and the one that got me back into the genre. It is the game that I keep coming back too time and time."
,Recommended,289130,25898565,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The 2nd Law,"I almost never leave an evalutation, but this time, I have to. It's totally unfair that a bunch of angry chinese players rushed this game with bad review, just because the devs took down links to pirate copies of the game.To be fair, this game is awesome. AMPLITUDE Studios has the talent to brought very polished games, with innovative mechanisms, always providing a very smooth and satisfying gaming experiences. UI's are the most ergonomic you'll see, gameplay always find a way to be different from the category the game is in, and Endless Legend is no exception to the rule. This game is worth every single penny you'll put in, if you're into 4X games.I also recommend Endless Space and Endless Space 2 (Early Access), if you're into 4X."
76561198109169836,Recommended,289130,26098597,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Geth,"I always like playing Civilziation series, but i feel like its missing something, then i find this game.some say that EL is a fantasy Civ, but this game is more complicated than that, the tutorial doesnt give a lot of info so you will need to play 2-3 games first to understand the basics. The first winter will be rough when you still new to the game.playing single vs ai is pretty fun, but the real fun is when you play multiplayer with human players, preferably friends."
76561198000321441,Recommended,289130,26111992,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,badinfo,I like what I've seen well enough to give it a thumbs up to counteract the downvoting.
,Recommended,289130,26342576,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Riddle Master,Really in depth like it more than civ idk why were all comparign it to civ because they are totally diffrent games and in my opinion ik you would think no one has a opinion on the internet but in MY opinion... I like this game more than civ ok I can already hear you guys typing really fast and breathing really deep and getting triggered but just MY opinion so you can have your opinion and ill have mine and we all go on our marry way.
76561198069521590,Recommended,289130,26700536,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Caellum The Great,"10/10 would own with the keebler elves againthere is no peace, only cookies"
76561198010781856,Recommended,289130,28029073,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ithacan13,"Endless Legend has only been around since 2014 but its rewards for the ardent 4X gamer are “timeless.” It is certainly one of the most beautiful and evocative realms in all of PC gaming and the Amplitude development team deserves, that’s right, unending praise for their accomplishment. Wonderfully, they continue to support and build on that accomplishment, as their latest “Tempest” expansion proves, opening up the boundless seas of Auriga’s world for exploration, new modes of combat, rare minerals, a new race,  and new capabilities with which to build’s one world.As a “seasoned gamer” of 60+ years, I especially appreciate the game’s  cerebral challenge, especially its  customization choices, world-building, questing, and hero-building. Combat is not the high point for the real treat in Endless Legend is the infinitely replayable gameworld itself, shimmering and shining with colorful terrain and plentiful resources and vasty continents and seas to be explored. If there is any flaw in the game design it is that the “recurring winter” syndrome becomes a bit tiresome and the mid to end game could be spruced with more random events and surprises.Let’s hope Amplitude holds on tight and never lets Auriga go."
,Recommended,289130,28442209,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,hxdb,"I don't often write reviews, because few games deserve one, be they positive or negative. This game however is special. Its one of the most unique 4x games I've ever played. I'm not a veteran with the genre, but this is one of the titles that has opened my eyes this style of gaming and truly showed me how much I can love it. This is not going to be an in-depth review, rather one based on emotion. I LOVE this game. The mechanics are so satisfying and the game has so much depth and variety through the different factions that it provides huge amounts of replayability. If you like or love 4x games or turn-based strategy in general, you're a fool if this game isn't in your collection. Worth every penny, full-price or not."
,Recommended,289130,28925341,Posted: 1 January,all,겸손하고 근면한,"Is the game worth it for the single player? Yes, it has various difficulties for challenge, numerous ways to play the game, and unique civilzations to play as.Is the game worth it for the multiplayer? If you can find people to play with you yes absolutely. Public lobbies are not too common.This has become my favourite 4x game."
,Recommended,289130,26201055,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Holderist,"Fantastic 4X game, where the stratgy levels can go pretty deep. The combination of unique races, and quests makes it more like an RPG where you create your own story."
,Recommended,289130,28114222,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Knight,"More interesting mechanics than Civ 6, and amazing artwork."
,Recommended,289130,28238995,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Simurgh,"Civ6 owes Amplitude some hat-tips, clearly. What's not already been said? This is as much 'art' as Planescape Torment was in its day, regardless of genre.When a developer pours love over their project it shows, as it does for this title. So give some love back and buy Endless Legend and its DLCs -they're all tightly knit and work really well together (Tempest needs some time via patches to gel with what was broadly speaking a land-based hex game).My only real personal and highly subjective nitpick is the overly twee OST. The rest is clever, smart and addicting.Recommended!"
,Recommended,289130,29044614,Posted: 5 January,all,sasukeskapa,The best 4x game I tried yet. It even has a really good battle system and an extremely interesting world and really nice graphics.
,Recommended,289130,29471639,Posted: 24 January,all,Blunder Sunder,"An interesting take on the genre. Anyone that's played Civ games will recognise a lot of the gameplay and systems, but everything has a fresh spin - and there's a lot that's new. All with a wonderful art style and visuals. The combat (can) be more involved. I honestly think it's better than the Civ games.There's a big screen UI option which is a fantastic addition, I appreciate it, thank you! The UI itself, althugh by no means bad, does lack personality."
,Recommended,289130,26325459,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Krash,"Amazing game, do not let any negative review that is not looking at the game objectively sway your opinion on purchasing this great addition to the 4X genre."
,Recommended,289130,27962879,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,HowardSquared,"A very solid 4x fron a very solid company.What I most enjoy is the fact that every race has its own mechanics to build around, keeps gameplay fresh.Constant updates, and the DLC is always a large addition to the game.Easily my favorite 4x"
,Recommended,289130,28234788,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Keiken,"Despite the love I have for many different 4X games, Endless Legend has become my favorite. Amplitude Studios took the system they made in Endless Space and moved forward leaps and bounds. The combat system is the most interesting I've seen in a 4X game in a long time. The fantasy world they created is fascinating and rich, and the games art style is very alluring. Definitely pick this up if you're into 4X/Strategy games."
,Recommended,289130,28336932,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,nauxie,"Amazing game. Compared to Civilization, I would say it is more open-ended, higher graphical capabilities,  yet not as varied and welcoming. However, too much variety introduces the element of over-complexity, and its steep learning curve lets it reach much higher feats than Civilization."
76561198055379970,Recommended,289130,28602628,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,phantasmalfanatic,"One of my favorite turn based games. Endless Legend has a unique look and feel. The different empires and their respective playstyles gave this game a lot of replayability for me personally. I don't agree with what they charge for the DLCs, but it's definitely worth playing. I would love to see a sequel at some point!9/10"
76561198065205396,Recommended,289130,29514305,Posted: 26 January,all,Onchalk,"It's a great mix of Civilizations and Fallen Enchantress. Customization matches Fallen Enchantress really well. Creating your own faction, having heroes that level up and gain skills, and specific unit equipment even customize your regular troops to make them cheap and quick to produce or beefy and expensive. It's a nice middle ground to each game."
,Recommended,289130,29946517,Posted: 15 February,all,Pat,"Review to Endless LegendEndless Legend is a 4X turn-based strategy game. The graphics are quite decent and really impressing (especially the ""From-Paper-Map-To-3D-World"" effect). You can choose from diffrent races/factions or create your own (use a main race and change the skills/habits). Most of the KI are pretty intelligent and respond smart on your offers and actions. The mechanics allow you to trade and communicate with the other races. There are also many technologys to unlock and use. From simple troops to heavy improvments you can just choose your favorite."
76561198063121518,Recommended,289130,33716801,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"For people who played the Civ games and thought ""this is cool but where's the magic?"" be prepared to play for a while, you'll always be trying to get in one more turn before passing out. Wish there were more military units but it works with what it's got."
76561198015094230,Recommended,289130,33776252,Posted: 24 July,all,mithra,"Awesome game, though balance isn't perfect.The broken lords are super broken if you build them right. Stalwarts backed by bishop heals are invincible with the right gear (General Army health^+HP^ring+regen ring) Even with top level weaponry and disease it will take the opponent most of the battle with archers focusing to kill one unit. Then if they are not killed in battle the troops can be instantly healed with dust. The only real chance against them is to crush them super early, but this is pretty easy to avoid.I have played most of the races, some are obviously crafted for differnet playstyles and victorys. However good luck winning before being slaughtered if there is a good broken lord.The AI is ok, but it makes some quiestionable troop outfitting and tech choicesYour troops will wreck them pretty easy.I'd recommend looking up how the city growth mechanics work so you don't ♥♥♥♥ yourself the first time.If you have played CIV games before you will like this."
76561197993751574,Recommended,289130,25194630,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,WhiteWyrm,"Excellent game. Super clean UI with tons of content. DLC can be had for very reasonable price on a Steam Sale. If you're into strategy 4x, it's a must-have."
,Recommended,289130,26024075,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Vavitas Onee-chan,very good game i've spend 20 hours in one game so i can say its a very good gamenice soundtrack same for the dlc that change some musicyou should buy this game now
,Recommended,289130,26024189,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,JoshSci,Fantasy Civ with more strategic combat. If you like 4x games pick this up!
76561198044775200,Recommended,289130,26048577,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tornadobutt,The UI in this game is so good it is a feature. The best fantasy 4X out there.
,Recommended,289130,26056584,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Eneokun,"Honestly, in my opinion it's better than CIV, maybe because I didn't know a good and very similar alternative to Civilizations before. Now that I do, I have to say that this is exactly what it is, and if you are looking for just that, then you should buy this game. The only thing I don't like is that DLCs define the most content by now, that could have been better."
76561198077331858,Recommended,289130,26080809,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Hammer5518,This game is GREAT! Once I start a game I tell myself that I'll only play for a hour or 2 aaaaannnnndddd oh look at that its now 2:30am and 6 hours later.I love the diversity of the factions. Plus the expansions keep adding new systems which create new strategies so it doesnt get old. I also think its really cool how one of the faction was designed and voted on by the community (Cultist). If you like 4x strategy games this is defintely a game you want to check out.  AND if you haven't ever tried a game like this I'd say this is a great way to get into the genre.
76561198088567989,Recommended,289130,26348690,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,whit3ch0c01337,"I was gonna get Civ VI, but I happened to notice Endless Legend went on sale for $7.50 and i've been looking at buying this one for a while now. I bought it to scratch my itch for a new-to-me 4x game, and i was surprised. the combat is so in depth. I used to be a Civ V military guy til i die, but this game changed me to Endless Legend combat or die. Itr's similar to Heroes of might and magic combat. Every unit is different in their abilities they can use in combat and uses RPG elements for upgrading every unit. It even has heroes that can be used as govenors or military generals with their own skill trees. Every faction plays extremely differently. It makes Civ factions feel so similar to each other in comparison. You can quest in this game, doing so for minor factions to make them join your empire and every minor faction has its own unit unit design completely different from every other unit which adds that much more variety to the units especially when considered you make your own variations with as much gear as you want on every unit differentiating and diversifying them from one another even more. AI is actually pretty solid IMO testing out the game on Easy the AI watched me move every one of my units out of my empire and as i left my city completely vulnerable straight seiged my city. I was forced to save scum and wait fomrt hem to patrol the area again and they decided not to attack when seeing my area defended. In short this game switches up the feeling of a 4x more than anything has done in a very very long time and if you like thre thought of a 4x game merged with sci-fi factions with completely different feelings form one another amd major bad-a$$ RPG influences to make a game much better than anything that Civ V can deliver, you've got a great game i'd be happy to spend 30 dollars on. also its the prettiest 4x game you'll ever play to date."
76561198078374587,Recommended,289130,26545256,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Thunder Dong,"This is a great game, it's sort of like civ, but the political system is a lot nicer and the game feels a lot cleaner, if more abstract. Not to mention it's absolutely gorgeous, the battle system is really tight, the faction differences really matter and the music is the most chill soundtrack I think I've ever heard for a game such as this, and all of this also goes for Endless Space too, which is another great game. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,289130,27947152,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Luke,"This is the best 4X in the market. I really like Civ VI, but Endless Legend has a variety in its gameplay and a visual style to it that has it completely beat years before."
,Recommended,289130,28967110,Posted: 2 January,all,Trent Gear,"If you have ever played a game of Civilization and thought 'this is pretty fun' and wanted to play other similar strategy games then I cannot reccomend Endless Legend highly enough. There is certainly a bit more to learn than for a Civ game (Civ directly tying to our world rather than a fantasy realm help it enormously) there is far, *far* less to learn than in a Paradox Interactive title like Crusader Kings or Europa Universalis.Thats the short of it. Keep reading if you want to go more in depth with me.Endless Legend has frankly the most original setting and inhabitants I may have encountered in any form of media. Little to nothing feels pulled from the Tolkien-inspired vein of fantasy that dominates stories. I could sterotype factions as samurai moths, viking spacefarers, mages a little too into BDSM, or a robot cult; however, none of these really convey the whole image of what you encounter. Playing the various factions and completing their quests is like a mystery novel wherein you are viewing the same events from multiple perspectives and peeling back the layers of misunderstanding and slanted perspectives to develop a picture of what is really going on.Not to say the game is without its faults. I may just be dense, but the tutorial is in the running for all-time worst I've expierenced. It introduced the mechanics, but I felt it didn't draw attention to the varying importance of the mechanics it was introducing or painting a picture of how I might want to go about accomplishing longer term goals. This does tie back into the the boon mentioned at the start that is Civ's anchoring in the real world: the lack of real world analogs leaves you feeling out the systems in the dark. Trust me though there is a sense and order to things even if it isn't apparent at first glance.To end I'll just briefly touch on recommendations on the big DLCs. Guardians integrates most seemlessly and polishes off the rough edges of the core title. While it doesn't have a faction packaged with it, trying to play a game without it after having expierenced it feels hollow. The other 3 major expansions (Shadows, Shifters, and Temptest) offer 3 more factions and the mechanics they are most at home with. All change your gameplay decisions, all are quality. I'd recommend all of them but you could do without them as well. Any DLC can be toggled off on a game-by-game basis though so don't feel locked in or out. Plus the game follows the super player friendly 'if the host owns the DLC, all players have access' policy."
76561198091928543,Recommended,289130,29082258,Posted: 7 January,all,Ichimoku,"Unexpectedly good, this is a masterpiece.Great 4k Strategy game with concepts and quests. Great factions design, music and much more. Two thumbs up amplitude studios, nice work."
,Recommended,289130,29651878,Posted: 2 February,all,Nobo HB,"Been playing over than 20+hrs and can't stop. Beautiful graphics, great soundtrack, and love the combat system!"
,Recommended,289130,29702570,Posted: 4 February,all,Kryyss,"What can be said about Endless Legend? It's hard to really fault the game in any way - thats what I'd say. As far as 4X games go this one is perfect for people who want to give the genre a try for a number of reasons. First of all, the UI isn't cluttered and it really groups together everything you'd need that relates to each other together so you don't need to keep switching between screens when you have a task in mind. As your empire grows you often struggle in stategy games but EL offers more than one way to approach micro-management of multiple cities which could be called the classical 4X approach with menu screens or a more RTS method which don't require screenfilling menus. Unlike Endless Space, the world of Endless Legend actually is very eye pleasing and responds to your actions. The majority upgade to a cities causes buildings to rise or expand and it is that kind of visual feedback you need when you are given choices and want to feel that those decisions made an impact on the game experience.What EL does not do well is the AI and diplomatic features. Compared to ES, it feels like the diplomatic approach has limited options and it isn't really clear how you are impacting other empire's attitude towards you. From what I saw they are either dismissive, unfraid, envious or leery. Not once did I ever see anything positive. Negotiations were always one-sided with them never being satisfied with simple peace agreements, they always wanted something in return and even when allied they did not want to share technology, resources or anything. In the end the diplomatic game is spent pandering to their selfish needs and buying peace with everything valuable you have. Endless Space actually did this a lot better. The AI is also rather dumb because it will go to war with vastly superior opposing factions and refuses to be diplomatic even in the face of self-preservation. In the game I played I gave up buying peace from a nation that was so far behind me in tech, land and resources because it wasn't a threat anymore. But the AI still insisted on a fight, declared war and then got promptly smashed. It still wouldn't accept a truce until I took over 3 of it's 4 regions and even after that it didn't want an alliance or peace unless I gave them advanced technology. My end solution was to leave them with that one city, surround it with my nation, close borders and leave 2 guardians standing watch over their last city.However, there is plenty to keep you occupied during turns. I'm not joking when I say that in my 64 hour initial play-through all of that was 1 game which went up to around turn 230. At an average of 15 minutes per turn if you do the math then I'd say that sounds about right from my experience. Be it quests, upgrading, scouting the terrain, battles, diplomatic tactics or tinkering with unit customisations you are never going to find a dull moment where you are just taking turn after turn waiting for something interesting to happen. This was a fault of Endless Space which I'm glad the developers addressed in this title and it looks like Endless Space 2 inherited some of these features which I'm pleased to say made all the difference.Can I recommend Endless Legend? Absolutely. Certainly better than Endless Space 1. If you are new to 4X games or are considering what game to try for your first dip into the genre I can heartly recommend you start here. Even veterans of the genre would find there to be plenty of depth here to enjoy,"
,Recommended,289130,30085914,Posted: 21 February,all,Birb.exe,"Are you tired from moba games? Is your team flaming you like hell?  Is your hair falls and you getting fat? Well, Endless Legend wouldn't help you. But it would take stress that you have :3"
,Recommended,289130,25216074,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ad0z,Love it
76561198014670566,Recommended,289130,25234148,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Faolind,"Smooth Gameplay, Understandable mechanics, Beautiful...Longform, Time Intensive, Slow Paced...Polished."
76561198007419800,Recommended,289130,25835208,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Blueberry Muffin,"One of the most beatiful and well designed 4x game I ever played.Amplitude has a knack for designing unique factions with very defining traits, highly recommended for every fan of the genre. The same goes for endless space."
76561198050098984,Recommended,289130,26104671,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,TheTims,"I've played the civ games since I started gaming so I love this type of game. That being said I think this game is great because its not trying to copy civ, like I've seen so many times. It has plenty of it's own unique things to make it stand out. The factions all have their own kind of playstyle which drastically changes how you play. There are countries who don't use some of the basic resources instead opting to use gold to replace them. This forces you to focus on what you're researching and planning towards. I'm still working out the combat system since you need to find a good mix of units. This game overall though has great replayability and I highly suggest playing it. 10/10 hands down."
,Recommended,289130,26140272,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Lord King,"This game is fantastic. It is everything Civ V is and more, so much more. It has depth and flexibility that Civ is still lacking to this day (even with the release of VI, which included some features Endless Legend has had for 2+ years). The espionage system is actually really neat and includes some really useful things to help handicap other factions.The battle system is possibly the most fun (although lengthy) part of the game. This game features unit-stacking armies which you can combine with a hero, but when battle starts it breaks all the units and lets you position them and choose their targets at your whim. This adds a great layer to strategy as certain terrain offers different bonuses, and setting up your units intelligently can make all the difference in battle. You can also equip your hero (and units) with items, upgrading them as the game goes on to further increase your power.It truly offers unique, repeat play as each faction has unique units, bonuses, and playstyles that completely change the way the game is played. Additionally the minor factions are actually useful, each mini-faction providing you a new unit and bonus if they are assimilated into your empire. Combine that with a neat little quest system, amazing tech trees, great lore, FANTASTIC music, and you have easily the best strategy game available at the moment.The graphics are beautiful and the ability to scroll all the way out to easily locate resources, units, and borders is a great feature as well. Honestly there are so many positive things I could go on all day. In terms of cons I would say that it is certainly a lengthy game, manually controlling the combat can really add up over time, so it certainly isn't for the faint of heart. At the same time turns generally progress quickly and you are not forced to constantly manage your units/productions so you can move the game forward fairly quickly."
76561197970656406,Recommended,289130,26149112,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,rutra80,"Turn-based fantasy games are the main reason why I play computer games, through the years I played all of them, so I guess I can call myself a connoisseur. That being said, I must admit that Endless Legend is one of the best designed games of that kind. Certainly some very intelligent and talented people stand behind it. It basically builds up on the complexity of FE:LH and successfully adds another set of unique mechanics to the genre. Also, graphics style is unique, the music is nice, and UI is one of the best I ever used in games (although I'd prefer its graphics to be less mobile-like & flat). There's really only a few minor things I don't like. So far I'm disappointed that factions like Necrophages have the same development tree like higher races - I wouldn't really expect them to have schools, laboratories, etc. - after all they're just an insect parasite zombies. And personally I'd expect Ardent Mages with their philosophy to look more like Cenobites from Hellraiser movies."
76561198128964422,Recommended,289130,26154370,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,The Gray Wolf,"Ever since I played Civilization 5, It made me fell in love with 4x games. After playing Endless Legend, you can say that it has completely made me fall for it more. The game is more challenging and exiting. After all you are writing your own legend. Playing as the Wild Walkers I was just minding my own bussiness, then the Ardent Mages declared war on me. From there after rolling over their cities, my love for combat and conquest could not be quenched. I declared war on everyone, and destroyed them all. Auriga can only have one ruler and that ruler is me! I deffinatley recommand this game to anyone who loves empire building. 9/10."
76561198073331466,Recommended,289130,26154641,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Bluebarry Cat,Endless Legend is a work of art and love.  This is something the developers should be proud of for the rest of their lives!
,Recommended,289130,26186352,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Kusubrin,"For me, it's the better option compared to Civ games. Combats can be indepth or auto resolved, upgrading units is actually interesting, differences between race you pick are major and will result in a completely different play style throught out the game, additional winter effects and naval action from expansions are great."
76561198042750306,Recommended,289130,26328676,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Peppe Le point,"Probably the most stylistically pleasing 4X game I've ever played.If you like Civ V at all, YOU NEED THIS GAME."
76561198063002005,Recommended,289130,26545243,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,COMBUSTABLE_LEMON,"This game is absoluty the most beautiful 4X game I have ever had the pleasure to experience, now some may say that this is simply personal taste and I would agree however if you enjoy a simple to learn hard to master 4X game that will consistently impress you with its art and graphics then I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,289130,27318823,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Josh Gawdelpus,"It's a great 4x with tons of custimization for the civilization you play as. However a begaininer may be turned off by how complicated it looks, but after sitting down for an hour or two its quite easy to get a grasp on whats happening."
,Recommended,289130,29412685,Posted: 21 January,all,trevmation,"If you think it's just a Civ 5 clone, it's not. The major gameplay aspects are similar, but that's about it. It seems like there's a deep, complex lore hidden.Also the battle system is way different, it almost turns into a RTS during battle."
76561198011863118,Recommended,289130,29471642,Posted: 24 January,all,Venomine,"10/10 Bullied my neighbors into diplomatic submission as a dragon while I tried to figured out why my babies weren't being born with wings anymore.P.S. I normally hate grand strategies, but love this game."
,Recommended,289130,29722632,Posted: 5 February,all,T H E  M O O S E,"It may look complicated at first, but you can get used to it really quickly, and when you do, it will be a great experience."
76561197995382211,Recommended,289130,29840717,Posted: 10 February,all,fiasco.joe,"It's hard to think of anything wrong with this game.If you found Civ 5 interesting at all, Endless Legend is like an improved and more interesting version.One of the best things for me is this game does a terrific job at giving you freedom from micromanaging every little thing.  In the beginning game, you probably want to micromanage a lot, and you can totally do that.  But when you're ready to go on the offensive (which means different things for different races) there are easy ways to step back and automate the minutia.Arguably the main attractions are the different races themselves.  The first three have a lot in common in terms of playstyle, but they are each aimed at totally different win conditions.  The other five (that come with the basic game) have very distinct approaches with pronounced strengths and weaknesses.  Three more races are available with expansions.Besides all that, I would just point out the replay value.  You can alter the game so much just by changing a few of the basic options at the beginning, like geographical patterns or just difficulty.You can also create custom races if you want.  The system is pretty involved, and there's some constraints in place to keep you from going too god-mode.  But I like that.  It makes it like a minigame.Come to think of it, I wish there was a way to create custom heroes.  Not an extremely practical wish, but maybe in the realm of possibility for a future expansion or sequel."
76561198044907348,Recommended,289130,32594957,Posted: 20 June,all,Mike Fluff,"I am slowly learning this game, but I find it fun and engaging."
,Recommended,289130,33011014,Posted: 29 June,all,icemunmun,"I am in love with this game! Move over Civ 5, this is my new favourite 4X strategy game!The game has a lot of depth. The factions are sufficiently different that the game has a lot of playability. The stories about each faction and the heroes are richly detailed with very nice fantastical elements.But I think I need to read a few stragy guides top score a decisive victory!"
76561198044832394,Recommended,289130,25243774,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,burntfield,"If you don't like 4X games, this probably wouldn't be the game to change your mind, but it's a delightful entry into the genre with an exceedingly well-designed UI overlaying a veritable trove of imagination.Strange as it may sound, I'd put the UI as the standout feature of the game; other studios really should pay attention to just how well designed and thought through it is.The game itself is a 4X with a few twists to the genre: RPG-lite elements for heroes; tactical combat; quests to find and complete; winter rolling around every so often, and so on.  The factions are also something of a star feature.  They don't have the writing behind them that the SMAC factions did, but mechanically and visually, they're much more diverse than the SMAC factions ever were.  City building is much more interesting than in Civ and most other 4Xs, but it seems that Civ6 is copying the city expansion system from this game.Combat's a mixed bag; it can be quite frustrating, at least until you learn how it all works, and then becomes rather too easy.  Of course, on higher difficulties, that gets balanced out a bit, but I'd still put the combat as a weak spot.  On the other hand, it's still enormously more satisfying than combat in CivThe artwork is reasonably polished with a highly coherent aesthetic, but looking through other reviews, it's clear the aesthetic is not to everyone's taste.  Personally I like it, and find it gets across all the information I need to understand things very well.One annoyance is, well, it's a sci-fi fantasy, and that means it comes with strange names for resources.  Gold?  Makes you richer, yes.  Spices, inmproves food production, of course. Pixie Blood?  I guess I know what that is, but I've no idea what it would be useful for just from the name.  Palladian?  Huh, what?  This comes with the territory I guess, but is still much less clear than mechanically equivalent resources in less exotic games.All in all, this is well worth the asking price and is exceedingly well-designed."
,Recommended,289130,25894904,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Tapewormz,This game is amazing as are the rest of Amplitudes offerings. Don't let the Chinese rage babies convince you otherwise. They're just angry that a mod which included a link to a pirated version of the game was removed. They call the mod designer honorable. Where's the honor in piracy? They're full of beans.
76561198115253358,Recommended,289130,26107381,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Bashar al Hot Bod,"If you're like me and wanted to find games similair to civilization, I would highly recommend this game. A lot of the aspects are the same as Civ only with more depth. For example the technology has much more customization, and allows you to shape it uniquely around the way you chose to play. While the game has less playable empires than Civilization 5, but the ones that it does have are very different from eachother. For example, one empire uses dust (gold) for vitrually everything they do such as healing units, and another empire cannot declare war. These are just two examples of the seven empires (10 with expansions). Where as in Civ the differences between empires are usually quite small like Japan having samurai instead of longswordsmen, but the game mechanics remain the same.Something I do like more about Civ 5 is the combat. In Endless Legend combat occurs the same was as Civ, somebody attacks the other, but it gets very different after that. The game makes a little battlefield for you and it becomes a turn based battle between both sides. You chose where to move your units and where you want them to attack. If you have any nearby soldiers they will join the battle one turn in as reinforcements. After 6 turns the battle is a ""draw"", but you can just attack them again the next turn and continue the fights with the surviving units at the health they ended the first battle on. Don't really understand the point of that.But yeah great game if you like Civ you'll love it."
,Recommended,289130,26392172,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Walter Senpai,Great game very indepth.
,Recommended,289130,26804928,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Arvanion,"One fine fall morning I decided to sit down and play a few minutes ofEndless Legendbefore working on some other things. Six hours later, I had destroyed five other civilizations and converted the known world to the Cult of the Eternal End without getting out of my chair."
76561198052036021,Recommended,289130,27045069,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rebelsin7,"I've only just gotten started with it, but I definitely feel like I've seen enough to give this a confident thumbs up.In a sense, that I think I can judge it after only 30 or so hours is in and of itself the main issue I have with the game. The model for it is Civilization, in terms of gameplay, minus the 'real world' historical/cultural perspective (supplanting it with its own 'endless' series lore, I believe). Next to Civ V - I haven't played VI - it feels like a Civ VI would feel - most of the same core functions with a few slightly less fleshed out 'additions'/'upgrades.' It's a successful model, on the other hand, and as a former Civ player, makes the game very accessible from the get go. The settlement 'system' is slightly different, but in a good way. It emphasizes 'counties' and better judgment and a need for more info in terms of city placement.As for the lore, I believe this comes from other Endless games, but I've only played Endless Space very briefly and none of the others in the series so I can't speak to how the lore they've already created previously is represented/implemented in this game. That said, the different cultures, attributes, etc. are impressively fleshed out. The campaign does a nice job of bringing a story/narrative to the game that is unique to this genre. One of the DLC races gets the same storyline as a race that was already in the game, so beware of that (can't remember names off the top of my head, 'Messari?'). Maybe it's a bug with a fix, I haven't looked into it.All-in-all, I'm very pleased with the game. I've emphasized in here that I'm a former Civ player and for a reason. In terms of that historical take on this genre, after playing Crusader Kings II, going back to Civ was literally impossible. Having Ghandi live thousands of years as a war-mongering nuke troll feels almost childish having dug into CK2 all these years now. That said, I've occasionally craved the simplicity of a Civ type of game - you know, ten colored blobs slowly expanding into conflict-strewn madness. This game has given me the ability to do that, and by placing it in this alternate reality, completely divorced from actual history, I've been able to really jump in and get my urge to conquer multiple continents out of my system without just wanting to switch back to ck2 after half an hour.Oh, and the battle is more involved and strategic than Civ or CK2 for sure. Don't think Total War, but perhaps a dumbed down, turn-based, simplistic version of it...? Better than nothing! Not just numbers or troop health/morale bars flashing on the screen...?Anyway, thumbs up. Get this, especially on sale since it's come to be quite affordable on a few occasions. I can't tell if the DLC is worth it yet. As I said, the plot for the dlc race I tried didn't seem to work but it's possible others do, and I think there are other ways that the dlc expanded the game that I'm not aware of since I've only played a version of it with all but the most recent DLC."
,Recommended,289130,10317141,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Nediak,This game is a unique piece of artwork though in early access it is pretty amazing and if you are like me and played Alptitude's previous title Endless Space you're in for a treat though bear in mind it is Early Access buggs crashes etc. can be expected.
76561197968331161,Recommended,289130,22513181,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Danger,"This game is pretty awesome.  Its a like Civ 5 with a fanstasy theme with some story and RPG elements.When I frist started playing the game I noticed the game felt sharp and crisp and uncluttered just looking at how the game ran and using its menus,  particurly most games feel clunky nowadays that was kinda refreshing.  The soundtrack is great.  The visuals are awesome.  The game play is fun and fluid.  This game also has some interesting mechanics, such as winter, questing, and how they do territory just to name a few.The downside is winnning is a bit anti climatic, as 4x its fine, just theres a plot of the game going on and its a bit of a cliff hanger."
,Recommended,289130,23888137,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Corduroy,"+ interesting factions with different gameplay and unique quests(storylines)+ you can change equipment of your soldiers and heroes+ gameplay twist - decreased movement and industry during winter season+ beautiful graphics+ perfect, clean UI+ superb soundtrack+ continuous support of game by developer, mod support- lacks naval combat- AI is slightly worse than in Civ 5 - easily predictable?  (altough they are improving it in every patch)- very addictive :)"
76561198021652296,Recommended,289130,22366342,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Dashotosho,"Best 4x experience I've had.Keep in mind when you read this review that I have only played the game with all of the DLC enabled.Long story short this game is amazing.  If you've played games like Elemental or Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes you'll love this one and if you've played Endless Space a lot of the mechanics will seem very familiar even though it's a completely different setting.  It does everything right and far as I can tell only one thing wrong.There is no way to achieve a multi player co-operative victory.I mean you can ally with another player and just go until one of you wins or you kill off everyone else but only one player will be awarded victory.So if the issue I listed doesn't turn you away here's some of the things I really enjoy about it.Legendary buildings that can only be built once, period.Other legendary deeds that only one empire can obtain.Awesome quests, both competitive and co-operative with sometimes great rewards.Very diverse factions.A victory condition for every play style.The option to toggle on/off any victory condition or DLC. (this should be in every 4x game)The legendary buildings always have a relatively large bonus to whatever city you build them in.  The legendary deeds always give a really good reward (usually just the legendary building you made that nobody else can at that point) and sometimes just a large amount of a resource.  There are also quests that give a great reward like an amazing piece of equipment for a hero that only one empire can get the reward for.  There are also quests that everyone works together to complete (usually to get rid of a terrible global effect that is randomly thrust upon everyone) and the highest contributor gets a good reward that's sometimes more valuable than contributing 100% yourself.Lots of different ways to achieve victory, if you've played Endless Space most of them will be familiar.  Victory by annihilation, conquering 75% of the world, conquering each other empire's capital, getting massive love (diplomatic points) from your friends, getting a certain amount of resources, researching 5/6 of the final technologies, having the high score at the end of the specified turn limitORfor those of you with size issues you can just build that big ol' ""pillar"" in your city that lets everyone know you're boss.All in all I'm thoroughly impressed with the game and I highly recommend it.  But again, keep in mind I have only played with all of the DLC enabled.  And I can't say it would be worth the... $73? getting it all at full price but it certainly was worth the $30 I paid."
,Recommended,289130,23917041,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Socrathustra,"The long and short is that this is a great game that breathes new life into the 4X genre. If you like strategy games, get it.Pros+ Good variation between sides. Much more than ""+1 to plantations"" or something of that sort. One side has to steal or buy technology. One side turns its foes into food and can never initiate alliances or even truce.+ ""Cold war"" state encourages military activity. Everyone starts of in cold war, not peace, and can attack each other in neutral territory (or be attacked in hostile territory). Peace or alliance requires later diplomatic tech.+ Quests encourage your armies to get out and about. This obviously leads to conflict, since there's the cold war thing. Also, you will end up sparring with...+ Minor factions are like a cross between city states and barbarians. They're great. You can recruit those you integrate into your empire (i.e. as a military unit) or simply use their faction bonuses, which are powerful.+ Units are incredibly diverse. You create unit templates based off your side's researched unit types (3 types and a settler + any assimilated minor factions), and different gear can change a unit greatly, from a quick and heavy hitter to a defensive powerhouse.+ Battles aren't just ""roll the dice, see how much damage you deal to each other."" Battles are between armies (4-8 units max per army, can reinforce from other armies and cities). Battles are 6 rounds long, during which units move in order of initiative. Balance is relatively good. Near the middle and end of the game, if you're winning, you're likely to auto-calc battles, avoiding tedium.+ Resources are fun. Luxuries provide huge bonuses to your empire, not just happiness, and strategic resources are used in making equipment for your units. Each produces on a per-turn basis, making extra extractors of a single resource type very useful.+ Lots of other small reasons: graphics, UI, music, and on and on.Cons- I only have one major complaint: the snowball effect can change things very rapidly. Mid-late game, you start overflowing with dust (gold, basically), can buy everything at once, and are spiraling out of control. AI is not as good at siezing on the snowball. This regularly reflects in the post-game score screens where you have comparable amounts of dust, science, production, etc. for 2/3 of the game until suddenlyboomgoes the dynamite, aka your economy. As a result, late-game feels imbalanced in your favor.- Minor gripe: a select few UI elements are cumbersome. Stockpiles are the main thing. They're one-turn boosts either to a city or your empire in the way of food, science, or production. You end up having to activate them one at a time -- quite annoying when you're churning out a lot of them. Batch usage, where are you? It's been 3 major DLCs already.Final Notes (AKA buy this game)Buy this game if you like 4X games. It's easily my favorite, even outdoing the giant of 4X gaming, Civ V. Civ VI is building off of at least a few of this game's mechanics, which ought to say something."
76561198014874781,Recommended,289130,22371848,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Cerbereth,"This game is everything I have ever wanted out of a turn based strategy game. Factions are balanced and unique. Maps are beautiful. There is immense replay value. You can play the same faction on the same map 10 times and still have a different experience each time. It has a similar structure to Heroes V. You hire a hero recruit units and explore the map founding and upgrading cities along the way. It has much more depth and polish than that game however. The DLC is pretty cheap if you wait for sales and adds nice touches to the game. Another nice thing is that the DLC unlocked is based on the host, so if one person in the group has everything unlocked and he hosts his friends only need the basic game.  The music is fantastic and I play it all the time when doing homework or browsing the web. The art is very good and I use it as wallpaper often. It looks great.The only downside to the game is matches can take 10 or 12 hours to complete for larger maps. The game can be saved so this is not all in a row, but still it can be hard to coordinate with friends to finish a game. The other downside is you are going to need to play about 3 matches to learn the game. I've played several matches and several partial matches and there are still things I need to learn. You pick up one or two new insights with each game in my opinion."
76561197994319342,Recommended,289130,10070696,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,[SsT] Salty,"Endless Legend is a killer new take on 4x strategy games with a fun fantasy setting. Fans of Age of Wonders or Civ will find similarities with this game. Though it does a lot of things similar, there's plenty of questing, exploration, and an in-depth RPG leveling/item system for your characters that make this game just as addicting, even in its alpha state. The game is very polished all things considered, and has enough content that this could be released in its current state and I'd still buy it. I have yet to try multiplayer so I can't speak to its berevity - I will update this review once I have."
,Recommended,289130,9949397,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,WadeLeonhart,"I'm a fan of Civilization V, but I enjoy fantasy games more than others. Endless Legend might only be in the alpha stage of development, but it's already incredibly fun to play. I recommend this game to anyone who loves fantasy or strategy games. There are cons to this game, as expected, and most of them come from the fact that it's an alpha game. As of this moment, as I'm writing this review, there is no tutorial to the game. Many features such as mulitplayer and the abillity to automate some of your unit's development are not yet implemented. I only just realized on turn 150 or so of my first match/game that you need to manually increase your city's population, thus enabling you to create settlers to expand. Becauset there wasn't a tutorial, it took me 1.5+ hours to figure out how to properly expand your empire. However, believe me when I say that this game is truck-loads of fun. Despite the fact that I couldn't figure out how to play correctly, I'm still immensely enjoying this game. It looks awesome, it feels incredible, but the updates can't get here soon enough. Go buy it. Now. Please. Seriously, you'll thank me later."
,Recommended,289130,12334595,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Navlock,"Looks better than Civ 5, feels better than Civ 5, loads faster than Civ 5, and it's way more fun than Civ 5! Just pure opinion here, but Endless Legend is at least on par with the other giants of 4x games! It's just that well crafted, and excellent in every way. ^^"
,Recommended,289130,17725441,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Alexander,"Not bad for a 4x game, but still lack of depth, compared with civilizaton 5. Anyway if you're new to 4x game and just wanna have fun without spending lots of time mastering true 4x games with massive, complex mechanics of science, culture, military, diplomacy, try this one. If you're veteran, still recommand it to experience different style and atmosphere though it might be hard to make you replay it because of very few victory choices."
76561198031788350,Recommended,289130,15457318,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,T-Chinz,Issa good wan
76561198012135816,Recommended,289130,16566094,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PhyreZtorm,"(Disclaimer: Keeping in mind that I have only played this for a few hours)TBH i bought this by recommendation, mostly because of the time I sank into Civ 5 otherwise I wouldn't have given this game a look.My biggest issue with the game is mutliple layers of UI's, as it makes the game look to complex to fully grasp and learn, even after the tutorial (done the tutorial twice and forgotten most of it after a while during an actual game).Despite that I think that if I could overcome my issue with the UI's, I might enjoy the game more, but sadly I can't give myself a reason to give it a chance again.Overall, I would recommend it to people who can handle the complexity of this game (and the UI's).And to others that are on the fence about to maybe give it a try, now with the Steam Refund, to see if it is your cup of tea.I personally may give it a go again at some point, since I basically can't get a refund (bought during holiday sale '14 and played 3 hours)If not for Steam's Refund Policy I wouldn't recommend and rate this as something to avoid completely."
,Recommended,289130,10019192,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Lynch,"I adore this game already. I have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ I'm doing, but I'm having fun all the way."
,Recommended,289130,12271213,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,InsidiousDoomSquirrel,Just one More Turn.. !!Turn 40 .. time for food.... just one more turn....Turn 80 .. Fooooooooooood !!!Turn 120 .. Die evil necrophage thingy...Turn 160 .. To hungry to move... I know 1 more turn....Turn 200 .. Sorry the original reviewer passed out and im going to call an ambulance... after I have 1 more turn ...(Minor edit for steam badge thing - no text changed)
76561198022004951,Recommended,289130,9959868,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,palo_jr,"Personal opinion from an average gamer.Recommended if you want to back the game - for an early access and the price of the game, it gives a satisfying amount of content.Take into account that without a wiki and having only played one playthrough with Broken Lords, my opinion can be argued relevant, but, limited.Straight up for people, like myself, who want alot to play around with - aside from the expensive mercenaries and heroes, there are only 3 unique units per faction. This isn't positive or negative, I just figure it to be something to take into consideration.Endless Legend is great but it suffers the early access. Four big things sucker punched my experience:1. AI is half baked imo.Only one faction (bug people) was tough because it focus spammed units at me, the other factions were a cakewalk considering they were made up of archers or came from a less developed civ.You might overlook this until suddenly all the factions gave up half way through the game, by turn 100 out of 200 turns I ended up capturing all enemy cities with absolutely ZERO resistance.2. Forget about politics.Other factions immediately hate you and demand waaaay too much to become neutral, even when you're about to completely annihilate them (I wished for a diplomatic win).3. Storyline quest bugged right at the end.Bugged as in I met all the, very nit-picky, requirments to proceed, yet it still wouldn't let me (like getting to third base in a relationship, only to give you the middle finger). This is probably just me being Broken Lords and having reached the 200 turn maximum (you can continue after 200 turns so it may have been a glitch). I just consider that if their's going to be a storyline, it should be thouroughly looked over.4. Awkward fighting system.Perhaps the most intended problem. When you choose to initiate moves for your units, they play out the option twice. So say I want my infantry to hold a line and my archers to hide behind it. If an enemy is out of range for my archer, there is no way to tell them to run in front of the infantry, shoot, then run back behind the infantry. More of an understanding if you exp the game, but this is very irritating.Sum it up in a sentence: I loved the game, there was alot to explore in both map and content, but, in its current state the mystery is short lived after 50 or so turns - support the game, but I'll be waiting for extra content to make the current content relevant."
,Recommended,289130,12149570,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,PeekItUp,"I am a huge fan of the ""Endless"" series of games, and Endless Legend is no exception.The game economy/resource management is very close to civ. Hexes produce food, industry, science, and dust (aka money) and you can assign workers to focus on producing one resource over others. There is no culture, but instead a resource known as influence allows you to take several diplomatic actions.There is a large amount of customization in the game. You can tweak the base races with a point buy perk system. You can also modify your units with various weapons/armors/trinkets.Each race is unique and thematically cool.The combat is tactical and based around army/squad type mechanics, where if a fight breaks out units in nearby hexes will join on future turns as reinforcements.The hero system is great as well. You can have heroes lead armies or assign them to improve your cities."
,Recommended,289130,9939447,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Velimirius,"Great art style and music,very polished for an early access game and holds loads of potential. No regret getting founders pack."
76561198031067393,Recommended,289130,10578845,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Katzenkeller,"Even if this is only early alpha, with a limit of 200 turns i am really, really enjoying this game already.If you enjoyed the CIV 4 mod ""Fall from Heaven"" i explicidly recommend you to give this a try!It is more to my liking than Enless Space, which still is a solid title.Let's see where this ends, for now my thumb is def. up!"
76561197992091857,Recommended,289130,13359886,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Roghain,"Though recommend 'yes' with a few caveats.Let's get the easy ones out of the way. It looks very nice. The zoom controls seamlessly run from a overview-from-orbit kinda map to 'hey look, that soldier actually changed his sword on that upgrade' close ups.The UI is well thought out, easy and intuitively. I would have liked a few more overview screens (like, in what region can I find what resource/minor factions/number of villages) and it works - which is a nice change from some games.The backstory is okay - I am curious enough to find out more, yet it isn't something thrilling like SMAC had. Still, it's cool enough, different enough, but nothing that stands out.There are a few things I find lacking. Not 'don't buy it' lacking, but more curious-raise-eyebrow lacking. For instance - why are there different movies for introducing each faction, but no ending movies for the various ends?Now - to the caveats.At first glance, I thought that the different factions played REALLY different and was pleasantly surprised. I started the game with the Broken Lords and the the Necrophages. I liked how I as a player was more or less forced to adapt a game srategy that 'came with' the faction - more or less. But, I now have tackled all but the Cult - I am rethinking my earlyer observation. As it turns ou, almost all factions with the possible xception of the Necrophages can just use the same strategy - focus on dust (the currence of the gameworld) and buy your way out of everything. The faction differences are very minor. Roving Clans move their cities. WHy bother? The pillars of the Mages - influence on the game minimal.Handling the minor factons too - first I ran around doing all the quests, only to find that razing the villages gave me more XP, was quicker and less of a fuss. On account of all factions being able to use the same strategy, chosing which minors to incorporate into my empire becomes a no-brainer. + dust (Delvers) + regeneration (Sisters of mercy) + loyalty (Eyeless Ones) and expansion can be doen at its fastes - or I found. Picking a fight wiht a minor factin seems to have NO effect hwatsoever or those reamining on the map. They do not become more militant - so there is no consequence of an agressive policy ot ethnic cleansing.The techtree - I seem to find a few issues with it. For instance - there is too little advantage in the military units you can field - improving them through research is not really an option. Level them up is much, much more effective. Sure, there is the different gear, but there is little use for the various ones made of different materials. And with strategic resources being not that rare when (remember - focus on Dust) you can just buy them off other factions or the marketplace, it's not a real 'weighing of options'.There are AI issues too. Why does any AI faction completely ignore the ruins/ Why, after I have taken 80% of their regions, do they still (all of them! refuse flat out a truce, unless I pay them a massive amount of resources/tech/whatnot? Thta's just stupid.Why do all AI factions rush into peace, treaties, map exchange and whathave you only to retreat from those without any obvious provocation? If an AI faction is stated as being 'terrified' of me because of its lacking military forces, how on earth does that compute in ""hey, we had peace, we had trade and research treaties - this means war!"" and that's always. I purposefully tried to remain at peace with all but no matter how I placate the AI, war is the end result. It makes no sence.Am am ignoring the few remaining bugs - they are nothing more than a nuisance and will be solved anytime soon, so that's not the issue here.All in all - I think this is a work of love, it has potential out the wazoo, the combat system is nifty, but consider this if you are looking for your next 4X fix."
76561198055663882,Recommended,289130,22690895,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,everRampager,"Endless Legend is a surprisingly good 4X game, it outclasses Civ4 and Civ5 for me. There's something really enthralling about micromanaging my empire, I feel the ""just one more turn"" aspect of the game should almost be illegal. Don't start playing unless you've already resigned yourself to arriving to work tired.A large part of my enjoyment I think is the ability to auto-resolve battles (the AI takes care of both players moves, and the battle is determined in a second) leaves more time to do the stuff I like most about these games, get the research going, manage the population, laugh at the mind-boggling moves the AI sometimes makes. These aspects of the game are fantastic.Multiplayer is pretty swanky too, although I enjoy single-player more as the few multiplayer games I've played the player who understands the combat the best (i.e., what equipment is best, and actually pays attention to unit composition of their army) steamrolls the other players. This isn't a bad thing, it just means I need to git gud :PEndless Legend, hell of a game."
76561198112756591,Recommended,289130,30143097,Posted: 24 February,all,Gremn,The game is fun. Ain't noticing any bugs or glitches myself.After the 44 hours I have played the game it kinda starts getting boring though.
,Recommended,289130,12158117,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The Ultimate Illusion of Wind,great game....if you dont like to play with firends...or have battles in MP or really do anything in MP. other wise single player is just fine......YEAAAA......kk fix now?with that aside it is a really great game theres a lot of thought that went into the game and the visuals are pretty nice looking.just sucks that MP seems totaly broken as of me just playing the game and it crashing most of the time (90%) of the battles player vs ai or player vs player combat...have to reload the game just for you to only get one action in then it bugs out again.or it just really breaking in half where anytime i click on my units it just gives me a crash report...it shouldnt be released yet as for MP it seems like its in alpha or early beta the rest of the game totaly playable
76561198051883511,Recommended,289130,11849866,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Colonel2112,"Excellent Early Access Game, can't wait for the full release! So far I love the game and also the new releases! Hope they keep up the great work with updates to ultimately produce an exellent game!"
,Recommended,289130,20126465,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cani Terrae,"The most enchanting, visually stunning, and gameplay immersing 4x strategy game of it's genre.  Amplitude Studios has done it again!  This game easily beats Sid Meier's series.  Hands down.  No contest.  End of discussion.If you like turn-based strategy, if you like science fiction blended with fantasy topped with cataclysm and music that will make you shed tears, then this is the game for you.No boring historical recreations, no, no, no:  We have anthropomorphized dragon people, borg-like plague hordes of necrophages, cultists spreading the ultimate truth, druid folk from the trees, traders on giant lizards, sci-fi space travellers stranded in a fantasy world, femdom magi fueled by pure rage, and suits of armor with nothing but ideas inside, ideas that kill!Just buy it."
76561197976635757,Recommended,289130,9952984,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Baracoa,"With over 600 hours logged on Civilization V I'm pretty happy to see Endless Legend launch into early access! And despite being an alpha release, it's kept me playing for hours - more than most early access games. Granted, it still needs a lot of refinement, but it's a beautiful game with lots of potential.Enter the bullet points!- Thegraphicsare brilliant. When you zoom out to a certain point the 3D world re-renders into a paper-style, with features drawn on, as if you're suddenly surveying a map of the battlefield. There are tonnes of map features and terrain types and everything is backed up by rich and interesting lore.- Themapitself is split into regions so that - in contrast to Civ - you don't end up with a cluster of cities all over the place. Here you place 1 city in a region. It's an interesting choice which means territory is quickly claimed in bulk and there's a realistic and exciting rush for land which also reduces the risk of another faction placing a city in between two of yours!- The game has greatdepth, but there's lots to be refined and balanced so that decisions acually matter and tactics really come into play. An example is the coming ofwinter; a cool Game of Thrones style feature which should be an ominous reminder to stockpile resources, but at the moment only noticably slows your units down and reduces the land yields a little.- Thecombatis good - it can either be automatic or manual (like in Endless Space) but here the manual combat feels more interesting. I like that your hired heroes also progress in skills and gear; plenty of room for expansion.- Some more advanced features liketradinganddiplomacyare often missing or implemented in a basic way, but that's only natural. Ultimately the devs have organised the roadmap very well - the game is not only playable but greatly enjoyable and full of depth, even at this early stage.If you like 4x games and want to try something new and exciting then give it a whirl and support the development. If you're looking for the finished thing then this - obviously - isn't quite there yet. But when finished this could easily be another 600+ hour game."
,Recommended,289130,12225087,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Stormrhodos,"*Release Recommendation,if the AI issues get fixed I may update this*Very good 4x strategy game in a fantasy setting. Extremely engaging if you like fantasy and turn-based strategy,it gives you the same ""just one more turn"" feeling the Civ games do but with a more advanced combat system and focus on customization.It has a lot of similarities to the other Endless games, like the customization of your faction traits,troops and heroes (pl)  and minor factions,giving you the ability to make specialised troops and change their equipment with several tiers of weapons,armor parts and trinkets with special tier weapons made of Strategic resources and even unique equipment found through quests or in ruins. These different stats and traits on equipment and units give you some interesting combinations and possibilities. Plus the ability to ""assimiliate"" a few of the minor factions gives you unique troops that you can customize too,each with different base traits,stats and abilities. Giving your troops different weapons and trinkets gives them different traits, so you can customize your Archer unit into a crossbow-wielding close ranged fighter that gets buffed when attacking at close range with a shield or long-ranged Archer with a bow that has bonus damage against certain unit types. Your Spellcasters can reduce different stats on enemies depending on the weapon you give them and your melee units can focus on striking before your enemy does,dealing or tanking damage or being mobile skirmishers to take out ranged troops. Your faction essentially has 3 ""template"" units unique to them from which you create this specialized troops which will cost more depending on what you add. Want cheap cannon fodder or elite units,a mix of both?Want your settler units to be able to fight well? The customization gives you a lot of playstyle options, not quite as much as Endless Space (yet) but it's a really engaging system once you get into it and in my opinion one of the strongest features of the game.On to the issues:The AI needs a LOT of work to give it some longevity. As of right now,the AI is still really lacking,I would almost say it's broken as they're very passive and never attack or even defend their lands properly. It takes a while to notice this and apparently some people don't notice or have this issue (?) but it's very noticeable once you've advanced several eras and begin expanding into AI land. The minor factions,quests and micro-managing and customization of your empire and troops obscure this issue as they keep you engaged for a long time and there never really is a *need* to fight the AI leaders for a very long time unless you had a start close to each other or play an offensive Faction.There is still plenty of content without fighting the other leaders with the tons of quests,customization of troop equipment,research and expansion but unless they fix the passive AI there isn't much of a point to most of what you're doing as you won't really have any opposition or motivation to stand out on top. Also,diplomacy is possible but not really that advanced. Research agreements and trade routes are pretty much it,and as the AI doesn't really do much on it's own you essentially have to do it all yourself.But I have hopes that the devs will keep updating and hopefully improving the game as they did with Endless Space.The game is already very well polished in most aspects apart from the AI so the foundation already shows lots of potential. Once the AI issues are resolved (again,some people have said they don't have the issue which I can't really explain) this would be a definitive recommendation for fantasy and 4x fans."
76561198050865043,Recommended,289130,12693541,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,issssk,"Seems like the game was rushed...There are numerous issues. Enemy troop movements invisible because of popups, settlers can't be disbanded once you discover troop market, no way to check the current victory conditions in game, endless searching for a mission-critical item in the equipment screen, wrong text messages (accusing me of breaking an alliance when THEY are the ones doing it).Some people have compared it to Civilization. It's not, it doesn't nearly have that depth. More like Armored Princess :  Fun in its own way, but can't be taken serious as a strategy/build-up game.Price too steep for this IMO. Best to wait till it goes down."
76561197994874044,Recommended,289130,12155025,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,shacksm,"The graphics are beautiful and it has good depth and complexity for an indie 4x game. My one criticism is that, even though it has a tutorial, it often does a poor job of communicating some game mechanics and how they work. If you are new to this genre, definitely look for some tutorials or playthroughs online to help grasp some of the more complicated game mechanics."
,Recommended,289130,12619850,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Doomwing,"This game visually is Stunning. I love the way the cities look, and expecially the visuals of the cultist faction. Gameplay wise, the single city per region requires a very nice ounce of thought as to where you will place the city. It isn't too difficult to learn the basics for the game. However learning the combat system is very tricky. The Combat system is highly unique. You can choose between Automating your battles like Civ, or controlling it manually. Manual Combat takes a long time and might not be suited for everyone, otherwise you can just do auto attack like any other 4x game. City Capture/Attacking is very basic, it is very easy to raze cities if you have enough armies, there is also no reaction delay to whom ever is being attacked which can be problematic. It is too easy to steamroll a massive cluster of armies onto every city of your opponant and wipe them out within a few turns. There is very little need to siege a city, as a large enough army can demolish any militia within.Moving on to the Questing system, Each unique faction has a main storyline quest which can be used to unlock Dust, research, and resources. Ontop of that each minor faction has quest chains to pacify them in a region giving you unit buffs in each city. Unless you are the Cultists which have One Massive City then you convert villages after either pacification or by destroying them. Once converted they basically become mini-cities that auto-produce units once every 15 turns, the tiles add to your city's production and provide a citizen onto your capitol. Pretty impressive.You are also able to get unique Techs from exploring and looting ruins that dot the map. You can even search ruins investigated by other players, and have less chances of finding valuable items. Hero weapons can also be found inside of these ruins, they are stronger then average weapons you research and can provide interesting bonuses to armies commanded by your hero.The game does have some issues. Running a larger map can take a toll on your FPS if you have a massive multitude of armies all moving around at one time. Along with FPS drops over some cities if they get large enough. Some mechanics aren't explained at all in the tutorial, including city upgrading. Which is something that should be highly hinted at. (Spoilers, if you want to upgrade a district you need to surround it with 4 other districts to level it up, there I saved you some headache). I personally haven't played around enough with the customization of unique factions, but I would assume it would work much like Endless Space.However, I do reccomend that people buy this game. Inspite of its flaws, it is still a very solid game with a lot of replay value."
,Recommended,289130,21283983,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Optophobe,Better than Civ.
,Recommended,289130,9932214,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,TitanSmash,"During a first glance at the game the User Interface was a little complex to understand, however, after clicking on ALL possible areas and learning what they  do it became more familiar and understandable! There are still a few aspect of the games that is unclear, such as getting minor factions to join you, I basically resorted to killing them because they kept attacking me so I didn't really have a choice.All and all its a really fun game! Looking forward to the possible introduction of new races and features!"
76561197962947138,Recommended,289130,9931947,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Ares,"For a Pre-Alpha this game is really well polished. There are some minor problems, but all of them seem to be alpha related and can be easily ignored. You have to learn by experience as they don't have a tutorial system, but it can be really easy to get into the flow of things after spending some time with it. Over all you can have a lot of fun with this, and so long as they keep adding to it and fixing the minor alpha problems I can see this as a game that can step up to Civilization."
76561198006632086,Recommended,289130,9932933,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,[LoHaG] Nuclear-Quinter,"A really polished early access game, the graphics and interface already look great but the content can feel a bit disjointed in places (especially the tech tree). The game combines ideas from a number of other classic strategy games, most notably civ, and the extensive customisation options from Amplitudes previous game Endless Space make a return. It also has some great features like the city development system and assimilation of minor factions within a controlled region although it would be nice to see a team feature introduced.With many features yet to be implemented and inevitable tweaking and balancing I’d recommend waiting until the full release; but with a familiar framework and some great new ideas Endless Legend is shaping up to be an excellent game."
,Recommended,289130,19978956,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,WarOfHelium,"Civilization 5 was a big empty vessel to me and while it improved with expensive dlc I lost intrest, not to mention the reskin called beyond earth.This at 20 bucks with dlc (really recommend you get them) was totally worth itPRO-factions are diverse and play very different-timeless ghrapics and clean UI-quests give a sence of story and progression with extra challenges-combat = excellent vs others but very basic → with turn based battles on smaller map sections, but the AI is not the greatest.-game is highly optimized, only 2.5gb big and runs great-nice soundtrackCON-max 8 factions on one map-only 10 different factions including dlc-tutorial covers barely anything-no naval combat-fantasy world (executed very well but its always more fun to mess with history imho)In the end each faction had a lot of effort put into them and result in diverse and fun campaigns. But I fear for replayablity with some more complex elements missing like religion and a central council plus the faction quests will never change.And I wish there where some realistic mods or warhammer 40K would fit in perfectlyUPDATE: tempest its biggest dlc yet has introduced naval combat, naval regions, naval faction etc. A real game changerMULTIPLAYERsince AI is getting a little easy after 200 hours, Playing with friends is where it is at.The good:Humans are more eager to persue victories making things more competitive.The very different playstyles for factions does force more intresting and dynamic campaignsautomatic saves up to 5 turns ago mostly prevents loosing lots of time when a save goes corrupt.The bad:The lobby often has to be hosted a second time for odd bugs, and desyncs are not uncommon.if you want to resync... it sends you back to the lobby (wtf)The tempest dlc also introduced many bugs but are being fixed at a regular paceeducating new players about each faction is a must to keep things fairCultists, forgotten and roving clans are though guys to win with in mp"
76561198116496510,Recommended,289130,25677911,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Widow's Bane,"This is an amazing 4X strategy game.Some level of fantasy is very welcome to me; as well as a strong background to each unique nation and the world as a whole. Each group plays very uniquely; as well as the ability to create yout own. The generated worlds are amazing, and you have a great amount of control to make them just how you want them.I really have nothing negative to say. Its still being patched and tweaked as well as atleast 1 more DLC in store at the time of writing so don't worry the development team is great!If youre a fan of 4X you'll love this. Even if youre not youll very likley love it anyways!"
,Recommended,289130,25687130,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,m1d1R,"man, this game is awesome"
76561197978739657,Recommended,289130,26033348,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kestryn,Love it!
76561198023915605,Recommended,289130,26045370,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Attilas,Better than CIV
,Recommended,289130,26064438,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Bronie Javo,"Fantastic game. It's beautiful, plays well, has depth and is very well written.  Love it."
,Recommended,289130,26329222,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Elethio (Gently Grazing Cattle),I barely have any time in this game at all because I havent bothered to learn it but it looks really a e s t h e t i c and the army of the chinese gooks is among us so I give this game an upvote!
76561197967385590,Recommended,289130,26553439,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Only,"Stylisticly the game is 15/10.Mechanics wise I'd give it a 9/10, since some strategies are just too game changer. Bear in mind I haven't tried multipalyer yet, but economic plan+slaves buyout cost is very very strong early on with only dust production. Some races notebly drakken, forgotten can ""cheese"" they're way pretty reliably into a fast t2 and then rush glass/titan t2 wpn and armor and just streamroll you from there.Also its pretty hard to be defensive. I imagine multi games not going past turn 80 even tho as I said I have never played those just because of all the rush thats possible.The ai is sometimes really wonky. Still better then Gandi in Civ5.Also add a couple of hundred hours to my played time I'm a dirty filthy pirate."
,Recommended,289130,27173996,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SuperNeutral,IMO one of the best 4x strategy games out there.
76561198284426452,Recommended,289130,28209595,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,mattamazingballz,"This game has good mechanics but really its about the art...like being in control of a tiny little tilt shift fantasy world..My go to game when smoking weed, I can say that, I live in colorado..."
,Recommended,289130,28341884,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Fenris,"the new king of this type of game, no contest."
,Recommended,289130,31335300,Posted: 24 April,all,Midnight1463,"Excellent civillization style game with its own fantasy twist, unique units and much more."
76561198080752448,Recommended,289130,32327682,Posted: 10 June,all,melon,"A very story driven game that continues the universe of the ""Endless"". This game not only gets you addicted to the extensive stories it contains, but also the unique gameplay mechanics and ideas keep you learning for months while you learn the startegy of this beautiful game and all its unique factions. The artwork is escpecially pleasing as it is not overly life like as most games, but artistictly breathtaking and unique in every way.  If you've played Civ or Age of Wonders, this game will grow on you as it has me."
,Recommended,289130,32647461,Posted: 22 June,all,r-v-n,A definite must buy for strategy game lovers!
,Recommended,289130,32826034,Posted: 26 June,all,Marbellous,"I've been waiting for months for Civ6 to go on sale. A few days ago it finally did... but I wanted to try something new seeing how Civ6 does not have some essential features Civ5 had.So I took a chance and bought Endless Legend. I'm still in my first real game, but so far it is definitely worth it, especially on special. The quests are well thought out, the game is immersive, it is in depth if you wish it to be, and all in all the creators really went through a lot of trouble by adding all that artwork and funny pop-up comments on certain settings.It is refreshing. The only thing I've found thus far which bothers me a bit is the tech tree - it is somewhat confusing at first. But this is a game. It is definitely not a make or break problem."
,Recommended,289130,32649540,Posted: 22 June,all,BloodMonk,Great game different enough from the civilization franchise to make it a worthwile investment. It looks so gorgeous too.
,Recommended,289130,28790517,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ER3NG,Like civ 5 but nicer terrain and a annoying winter.
,Recommended,289130,25238933,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,-NA's Finest- Tomakaze,Apparently the Chinese have decided to vote brigade the user score.  This game is too good to be tarnished by immature malcontents.  It deserves at the very least an 8/10.
76561197999705799,Recommended,289130,25994023,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Duessel the Ardent,Best 4x available.Constant updates with a strong dev team.Each faction feels unique.Early to late game doesnt get stale this is due to the Quest system.Combat is clean and decisive.Research pathways are clear and non obtrusive.
76561198069769671,Recommended,289130,23896714,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Wave Pig,"I see a lot of people comparing this to Civ V, and I can undertand why, turn based 4X strategy. However I think that Endless Legend really stands up to Civ in its own right. It is certainly a hell of a lot prettier and at times a lot more challenging. The diversity of the races is absolutely a plus, each with amazing pros and intimidating cons. And the district system which Civ VI is stealing is definitely a much more accurate and interesting method of controlling city growth, and the army/unit stacking system is certainly a load more appealing than Civ V's single unit per tile policy and it can speed up turns signicantly. With a greater emphasis on planning and micromanagement, and an actual story for each faction and lore behind the game, I think that Endless Legend cannot really be compared to Civ; although it's the same genre, it has many mechanics that just work a lot better, it's more colourful, more challenging, less dry and simple; it lets you really get down to the nitty gritty of manging everything yourself, and I totally understand that that isn't everyone's idea of a great experience, but for me, this is a fantastic strategy game, that ALL devs can learn from, even 2K apparently."
,Recommended,289130,24134290,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rainman311,"Endless Legend is a fantastic 4X Strategy games. Playing it has been a breath of fresh air in a genre that has grown stale lately. Recommend this to any strategy fan, espcially to people who love managing empires."
76561198006534955,Recommended,289130,26003548,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,DalcolmX,"I haven't played this a ton, but I have really enjoyed playing this game.     The game mechanics, lore, unique races all are just awesome."
,Recommended,289130,26074247,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shorvok,Beautiful game with incredible music.
76561198073751229,Recommended,289130,26128991,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Calthum,"Very fleshed out game. Nice models and artstyle,innovative quest system, cool combat, and great music. The citybuilding and technology aspects are very deep and provide many strategic oppurtunities for pros, but are still intuitive for beginners.10/10 would recommend.And ♥♥♥♥ the necrophages."
76561197985898559,Recommended,289130,26201830,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Melville,"Great music, great game."
,Recommended,289130,29075479,Posted: 6 January,all,ILikeWaffle,"Played as Badass dragons, necrophages declare war, we declare peace, necrophages can't attack us. 10/10 say no to war"
,Recommended,289130,35134946,Posted: 22 September,all,Elda King,"An amazing 4x game, innovative but very polished. Probably one of the best in the genre lately. For those unfamiliar with the genre, it is somewhat similar to games like Civilization, Stellaris, Fallen Enchantress and others: a turn-based strategy where you build an empire from the ground up.The asymmetrical factions make for various styles of play and great re-playability, as well as creating interesting situations during the game. It has a great UI and is generally a beautiful game, with a very distinct flavor and story that is communicated not through campaign missions but rather through in-game quests and the very progression of the game - the lengthening winter, the names of the techs from later eras, the rewards you get from quests and so on. It is also interesting that the factions don't quite follow the usual fantasy clichés - it takes some pages from sci-fi to add survivors of a spaceship crash, crazy machine cults and old biological experiments alongside ghost armors that feed on souls, weird forest people and dragon people.It has some interesting mechanics that make it stand out from other 4x games, like the active use of luxury resources for different benefits, the marketplace where you can buy and sell resources and units, the cycles of winter that drastically affects your plans, the various minor factions that you pacify and assimilate for several different benefits (including new unit types and empire-wide benefits), the unique mechanics of factions and other minor things. Most of the mechanics are well-executed, with few exceptions (stockpiles, for example: an entire system for something very minor). Combat isn't particularly good either, a bit hard to control, but is good enough (and much better than in Endless Space 1 or 2, other games in the same series).The DLC is also quite cool, in particular the new factions (that each bring new mechanics to the game)."
,Recommended,289130,17151074,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,RumEyes,"9.5/10 - Amazing in every aspect.This game is exactly what I've been looking for in the strategy genre. I spent alot of time and money on various selections and when I fired this game up and sunk my teeth in, I was thoroughly impressed. It has elements of all the things that I enjoy while maintaining its core in the 4x realm. It brings intricacy and tactics to military battles that is so sorely needed in this genre. It removes the stale taste of ""here's my unit"" and brings a refreshing diversity to combat and Hero mechanics. With each research ""era"" you gain a dust equipment improvement. However, the player can choose to specialize in certain equipment that is built through other strategic resources, which while providing a noted advantage, do not in any way erode the fair playing field. Research is non linear and offers the player a REAL choice to capitalize on their strengths, or improve their weaknesses whether that is due to terrain or circumstance. The graphics are absolutely stunning. You can zoom in for detail, or zoom out for tactical, both are gratifying. My only annoyance is that character models do not change through the improvement of armor. The marketplace is very intricate and offers a HUGE side-game that can be exploited to the player's advantage, or ignored entirely without much ill-effect. Winter comes to the land more and more frequently as the game progresses, and ensures that if you aren't prepared for it, then you will suffer the consequences. People complain about it, but it evens the playing the field and allows certain tactical advantages to the player that hasn't quite had the best of luck throughout the game, but at the same time, if you are powerful, it really shines in this stage. Factions are diverse, and every aspect of that is customizable if you so choose. Hands down and without a doubt, support this group of developers. They are doing all the right things in all the right places, and I sincerely hope they continue to support and develop games similar to this one."
,Recommended,289130,15881730,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,caligula.j2,"People give this game♥♥♥♥♥♥because they haven't put enough time into it to understand what the ♥♥♥♥ they're doing. They play one match, say ""this isn't Civ!"" and say it's bad. That's disgusting. That should be ♥♥♥♥ing illegal.Endless Legend is phenomenal. It's a refreshing and new 4X experience with different factions that are actually unique, unlike Civ. However, it is not as new-player friendly as Civ V is. It takes time to learn.I have two (minor) problems.A. Naval combat/etc. could be expanded on.B. The AI is pretty lackluster.However, the amount of lore and depth in Endless Legend outshines any negatives it has. Not to mention it's ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful.Buy this game. Please."
76561198027185147,Recommended,289130,19175139,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Aerthos,"Great 4X strategy that on its surface has the familiar feel of the Civilization series, but has many more levels of strategy at work. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,289130,9932648,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Colonial Spew,"When it comes down to it, this game is just fun. A lot of people will compare it to Civ 5, and that's totally fine to use it as a baseline. When it comes to art, this game blows Civ 5 out of the water. It's a beautiful game. Gameplay is also very fun. The abillity to manually or auto determine combat is great! It is still an alpha, but I'm very please with how polished it is in this stage. Can't wait for multiplayer!"
,Recommended,289130,9933886,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Twiskeredup,"Beautiful game, so much potential. First review in the years I have been here, and its because its worth it."
,Recommended,289130,19706790,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,DevScarlet,"Wrecked a whole enemy empire using only 4 titans.Never enjoyed 4X game this much before.10/10 - would go war with ""attack on TITANS"" again~"
76561198025949265,Recommended,289130,9938081,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Raging Soviet,"Amazing game! Even for an early alpha model, the simple workings are sensational. All the best from Endless Space game combined with a game structure similar to Age of Wonders or Enchantress Legendary Heroes.Well worth the money and a very very promising game from a brilliant company."
,Recommended,289130,12170685,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ZayneJ,"This game is... really odd.That's pretty much all I can say about it with complete confidence. Well, other than the fact that I think it is fantastic.Now, hear me out. This game is a 4x Strategy game with a hex based movement system and all that jazz. That comes with it's own sense of comparison cliches and mechanical trappings, but if you really do enjoy games like Civilization, and AoW and all of those, you will find somethere for you here within the bounds of Endless Legend.What draws my attention about it the most, is that it really does it's best to make every single game you play feel dramtically different. Each individual aspect can make or break your game, and will have you changing playstyles on the fly. To the random terrain sometimes not giving you the dust you need as a Broken Lord, or the first minor faction you get being absolutely useless, you have a whole host of things that will mess with your style, and keep you on your toes.That being said, the main issue I have is just how non-confrontational the A.I. is. You kind of feel like you are in the game alone, and it's dreary.But other than that, Im enjoying myself immensly. I WILL edit the review once I have a chance to experience Multiplayer."
76561197993474719,Recommended,289130,23474317,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,MipsMops,"In short: This is 'The Settlers of Cathan'.on crack.I somehow got baited by the screenshots into thinking this is some kind of RPG and bought it without looking twice. Turned out its a global strategy which is not exactly my cup of tea. But since i bought it i gave it a shot anyways. And even though I am still not into this genre it actually got me hooked for a couple of hours since its pretty deep machanics.See every game has mechanics and some of them are like core machanics that everyone has to obey to and then there is that one outsider class that can bypass one of these core mechanics and its fun and stuff but in this game... every single race bypasses some of the core mechanics.For example there is one race that cannot build cities outside of your starting colony. Isn't that the whole purpose of a global strategy game? To expand into other terretories? No, they don't. They build one mega-city and raid other players fromthere.Or another race don't use food as a ressource. Isn't that the point? To balance your economy between food, wood and gold? No they are robots, they don't need food. Gold and wood all the way.Again it's not my thing but I recommend this game for every one who is slightly into strategy or domination games."
76561198002690716,Recommended,289130,29096586,Posted: 7 January,all,The Dude,"to me, it feels a bit like the civ series with the battle/hero system from the old heroes of might and magic games, it's fantastic"
,Recommended,289130,23876881,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ArealFloodAdvisory,"This game is wonderful. Very varied factions, yet balanced. Many ways to win. Loads of lore, both in-game and out. Gorgeous visuals and music. The core vanilla game has plenty to offer while the expansions supplement it well.However, it is a 4x game. I love 4x games but they're not everyone's cup of tea. If you like strategy though, do give this a try. If you get stuck, check out the Youtube tutorials and playthroughs myself and other players have created!"
76561198315256643,Recommended,289130,25067992,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,brouwerpk,"I am really enjoying this game. What I like most is that it encourages you to exploit the various features of the game. For example, even if you want to focus on just a handful of cities, you may end up needing to expand in order to get access to the strategic resources you will need to build the best city improvements. I expect I will spend a lot of time playing this game before I am done.I should add that my system is running this game just fine even though it is below the minimum specifications. I have an Intel HD graphics 530. The default graphics settings that came up on install work fine for me although I'm sure it'd be nice to be able to support higher resolution. Maybe some day!"
,Recommended,289130,25116695,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,GovernnmentCheese,I have no idea why the recent reviews on this game say mixed. I read that its because of some problem with a chinese language conversion mod. However when I saw that I felt the need to come and defend this game with a positive review. Buy this. PLay this. Watch some Let's Plays on YouTube beforehand though so you're not so overwhelmed.
,Recommended,289130,26056868,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Shadowrunner,Just leaving a positive review because ♥♥♥♥♥ Chinese pirates.
,Recommended,289130,28735701,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DrunkDalek,The beautiful graphics and very well composed soundtrack give great support to an intuitive game with the faster learning curve I have seen in any 4x game.
,Recommended,289130,29993085,Posted: 17 February,all,The Letter Z,"A very nice 4X game, the quest system is interesting (if sometimes obtuse) and every faction feels different allowing a variety of play styles."
76561198079070297,Recommended,289130,22865553,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,epeel09,"If you've ever wished for a fantasy version of Civ, this is the game for you.The varied strengths/weakness of the major factions dramatically affect the strategy needed for each game which, in my opinion, makes it much more exciting.Fully recommend."
76561198117517403,Recommended,289130,32159091,Posted: 3 June,all,chins.jpg,Better than Civ VI.
76561197990766081,Recommended,289130,13154304,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Grendel,"so far so good...seems like civ meets might and magic series, nice map"
76561198121087690,Recommended,289130,20867184,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ericdahoe,"For a more detailed explanation, read on.Overall Rating: 9/10   Verdict: Highly Recommended BuyGraphics: 10/10Storyline: 7/10 (or 9/10)Gameplay: 10/10Game Mechanics: 8/10Controls: 8/10Music: 10/10Content: 8/10If you've ever played any 4X game, then you know the general gist of this game. However, this game takes many of those general ideas of civilization-style games and turns them on their heads. I'll go through each of the above ratings ones by one below.Graphics: 10/10The first thing you notice about this game is how polished it looks. Typically, 4X games have clunky graphics, outdated UIs, and seem like they're trying too hard and failing at providing a beautiful experience. This game, however, is easy on the eyes. With wonderfully layered graphics and a depth of color, Endless Legend takes the bland look of Civ V and turns it into an artistic masterpiece. Everything is vibrant, even in the winter, and it's impossible to grow tired of the battle animations, city growth animations, etc. The integration of the world map into the playing field is also very intuitive (when you scroll out, the gameplay view slowly shifts to a tactical world map view). The world lives and grows continuously, unlike in Civ V where animations and graphics are executed in discrete, clunky motions. Endless Legend creates a world that looks and feels alive.Storyline (by itself): 7/10Storyline (in context of the game): 9/10This game has a storyline. Strange for this type of game, but Endless Legend fits it in perfectly. In fact, if you don't want to follow the storyline, you can completely ignore the quests. However, the lore adds a sense of depth to this world much like the graphics do. Instead of feeling like an invader or a foreign entity on a playing board, the quests integrate the player into the world. As a story alone, it lacks some depth. However, the way it is integrated into the game, and compared to other games, the storyline is definitely a rare one. If you enjoy fantasy/rpg elements, then you will definitely enjoy the storyline. However, if you do not, the lore does not detract from the playing experience.Gameplay: 10/10Clarification: by gameplay, I mean the ""plot"" of an individual playthrough. I am NOT referring to lore, controls, etc., I am referring to the events and cohesiveness of a single playthrough.The gameplay is wonderful. Like all 4X games, the infinite number of possibilities in this game makes replay value extremely high. Each time you play through the game, new things happen and new interactions between other countries occur. Unlike in Civ, where AI interaction is predictable by civilization or by design, the AI in Endless Legend is less predictable from game to game. The way they react is dynamic, taking into account how you and the other players react, and not necessarily tied to their race. Thus, playing the game is a lot like being immersed in another world. As in real life, you do not know how other players are doing; you can only react to what you see (army movements, city developments, etc). Other than that, you must play diplomat and make smart choices. Once again, the gameplay is unique in that you can be in another world making your own choices; you develop your civilization to your specifications, not to the specifications that history has told you to follow.Game Mechanics: 8/10The city mechanics are solid, but they lack some depth. For example, when building trade routes, the routing and trading is automated, and the only benefits you can get are gold and science. Additionally, the tech tree is less interdependent than the one in Civ V, resulting in less planning needed (and fewer conequences for researching something you don't need). Buildings also belong to the entire city, and upgrades to the city are provided throughout the entirety of the city (with the exception of wonders and strategic/luxury resources). Thus, less city planning is needed. Other than this however, the variety and scope of city upgrades, buildings, planning, etc. is huge.Unit mechanics, on the other hand, are absolutely mind-blowing. There is so much depth to heroes, including skill trees, a ton of equipment, and synergy between different types of units, land, etc. The tile control in Endless Legend is very developed, especially during battle. Battle mechanics are also very fun compared to other 4X games - it's hard to describe without trying it out yourself. Each battle, especially as they scale up to larger and larger ones, immerses you in the action.Controls: 7/10The controls are quite natural. Left click to select, and right click to deselect or exit a menu. Left click for unit/city actions, right click for unit movement. Scroll out for tactical/world map, scroll in for gameplay map. Drag or use your mouse/arrow keys to move the camera around. Simple and more intuitive than most 4X game controls.The reason controls gets a 7, however, is because they can be buggy. Sometimes, when scrolling, i'll have my units pop up when I merely want a view of the territories. Other times, I'll select an army unit and pan out to plan tactical moves, and my screen will be flooded with other information. Most importantly, unit movement is buggy when not in gameplay view (i.e. when I'm in tactical/world view).Music: 10/10No need to explain. Listen to the music in some of the videos, or look it up on youtube. Absolutely sublime.Content: 8/10Lots of content. And I mean LOTS of content. However, it is still not at the content level of Civ V (probably because it is a newer game). After around 25 hours of exploring the game, however, I feel as if I have seen most of what this game has to offer. While this game certainly has high replay value, the lack of deep content, more varied AI, etc. makes it peter out. However, the lore, faction quests, and DLC quests provide quite a lot of extra content to explore. On top of that, the different combinations and orders of building, exploring, fighting, etc. makes the content more than enough. The depth of the gameplay and immersion makes content an 8 because the buildings, terrain, tech, etc. that the game provides are extended upon through their varied uses.Summary:Overall, a great game. For me, even at $10 more than Civ V for the full game + DLCs, this game would be a must-buy purely for the immersion that comes from the music, graphics, rpg aspect, lore, etc. However, if you are more into games with depth of content and strategy and do not care as much for immersion, buy this when it is on sale (for $50 or less for Endless Legend Collection). One final note: if you care, even the slightest, for feeling like part of the game, whether it be due to music or graphics or rpg aspect or lore or anything for that matter, then this game is a must-buy. Otherwise, it's still highly recommended that you try it out."
76561197986991105,Recommended,289130,9924978,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Dagoth Nick,"I bought this game on a whim, and was pleasantly surprised to discover that it is-- in alpha-- already what Elemental promised to be. I see myself playing this for a long time, and unfairly comparing strategy games to it for even longer."
76561198084074385,Recommended,289130,9924728,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,ParanoidStud,"Ok so I am about 2 hours into the game and all I have to say is.... WOW. It is an extremely addictive, fun, challenging, rewarding game with great mechanics, great graphics, and is really well optimised which is a BIG plus for me. The lore and story involved is great, the way the world feels is just so immersive and the gameplay is smooth, I HATE TO COMPARE... I HATE IT SO MUCH, but its kind of like Civilation 5, in the way it feels, but I feel this game has MUCH more to offer and I cant wait to see what all they add. For an early acces game at this price with this ammount of quality, quantity, gameplay and fun, it is DEFINITLY worth the cost....5/510/1010000/10000 ........... if thats even a thing. lol"
,Recommended,289130,24211197,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,PokeyPokey,Excellent quality game with lots of depth. Not for casuals as this is defintely a long game that takes awhile to learn.
,Recommended,289130,33146449,Posted: 2 July,all,Shabbro96,the best 4x game i have ever played
76561198165888588,Recommended,289130,32136820,Posted: 2 June,all,irelandvonvicious,Enjoyed the game. Civ 5 is my go to but this is also great.
,Recommended,289130,19920686,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Fantastic. I love the story and combat system. It's basically an improved Civilizations game with a more complex build. I used the utterly broken Broken Lords for my first game win.The Tempest expansions does not add anything special to the game, instead they become far more cluttered and complex as they are merely a copy of the game's tech tree. They simply add another resouce called Pearls. The ocean fortresses are a nice touch but it's like any other base. There hasn't been any major improvement in the game with the expansions. Iceberg Interactive has probably run out of new ideas and is doing the same thing that Heroes of Might and Magic 7 did. Tempest simply spawns more items on the map.The Morgwar are Dungeon and Dragon's Formorians and the Endless Legends Formorians are basically robots. Most of the Tempest expansions are all references to pirates, pearls to Black Pearl and the Black Spot from the black spot from Treasure Island.I compiled everything into a review guide instead.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=589804323"
,Recommended,289130,22876388,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Dr. Doctor,"I'll be honest, that although I became a huge fan of EL, this game isn't very newbie-friendly. There are so many elements that are very important but not decribed directly, especially battle elements. So here comes..WARNING: If you are not used to or not comfortable with figuring out systems by yourself, this game is probably not for you.If you have no problem with it however, I promise that you will have a real good time playing this game. You will start to understand more how systems work as you play more, and will be amazed how things are beautifully designed at the end. Gaming experience gets better and better as you understand the system and start to actively use them for your sake.Use the community discussion section if you have questions or problems. Guys there are such kind fellas and the game developer will reply from time to time."
,Recommended,289130,24324571,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,wasw,"gap of knowledge make me always lose, that's why this game teach us to study more"
,Not Recommended,289130,33472676,Posted: 11 July,all,Khadgar,"My first hour, I thought the combat was awesome.My second hour, I thought it was pretty good.My third hour, I was kinda meh on the combat.My fourth hour, I was getting rather frustrated with the lack of control in the faux-tactical combat.My fifth hour, I have given up on this game because of the finnicky combat.There's nothing inherantly wrong with it, but it is misleading. It appears at first as a mini tactical RPG style combat system, complete with upgradable units, equipment, experience, tile-based movement, turns, etc. But it did not take long to realize that the majority of this is meaningless, as the combat is basicalyl decided by who has higher numbers, specifically initiative. Lower initiative than the enemy? Might as well auto resolve, since the enemy units will pre-emptively attack your units, which NEGATES THEIR ABILITY TO MOVE OR ATTACK. To be clear, once your unit is attacked, it cannot move or attack, since it 'wastes' it's turn on doing a coutnerattack.Additionally, there isn't really any control over what your units actually do. You can manually order them to move to a tile, but can't select the route which they take, or the enemy they will attack when they arrive at their destination. You can manually order a move **AND** set a target to attack when they get there, but if the target has moved before you get there, your turn is wasted and nothing happens, even if there are other valid targets. So it is ideal to let chance decide who your unit attacks, so that you will not waste a turn. If it attacks the wrong one, then ¯\_(ツ)_/¯The other aspects of this game seem pretty good, but I can't get past how annoying the combat is to me, so this is a strong Not Recommended."
76561198064410540,Not Recommended,289130,13411514,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Pink Horror,"This game has a very nice-looking hex-based map with a well-polished effect for transitioning between a highly-detailed view of the terrain an an abstract map with borders between regions. That's really the best part of the whole game. On the other hand, I've been dissatisfied because:1. The game crashes all the time.2. It's the blandest combat system out of any 4X fantasy or medieval game I've ever played in my life: from early games like Master of Magic and Lords of the Realm, to Dominions, Warlock, Eador, Stronghold, Total War, Age of Wonders, Disciples, even Civilization in the early ages - they're all better combat systems, where I get to build at least some units that I enjoy fighting with.3. There are many neat-looking special locations on the map, but they all just give some resource to whatever city you build next to them, and you end up ignoring most of them because each region can host only one city. In the end there a few different kinds that are all interchangeable.4. The research feels unbalanced and fairly game-y: the cost increases with each previous research item you get, so you can never use your superior research power to clean up the simpler items you've skipped. It's somewhat like an RPG where the enemies always feel the same because they're scaled to your level. Meanwhile many late-game techs are inferior to early game items. It costs so much production to build late-game buildings that it seems more effective to stick with the boring early game tech.5. There isn't anything exciting to research for your military - just +2 swords to replace your +1 swords basically.This is the second time I fell for a stylish, superficial, empty, unfinished ""Endless"" game made by this company. I hope I remember this before I buy another one."
,Recommended,289130,26331309,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BShellOfDoom,Keep the positive reviews coming. Gotta counter those damn Chinese bad reviews.
76561198013641372,Recommended,289130,25620028,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,DrunkenBadger,Can't believe I'm finally getting into 4x games
76561198007197608,Not Recommended,289130,32182779,Posted: 4 June,all,[S]almon,"Endless Legend isn’t a bad game, the graphics are great and you can certainly have some fun playing it, but I ultimately can’t recommend it. Why? Because the game just doesn’t do a good enough job of explaining its mechanics. As a result, players wind up frustrated and confused.4X games are by their very definition complex. That’s part of their appeal. The player has to figure out more than just how to point a gun at the enemy and fire. They have to figure out the strengths and weaknesses of various factions, how to effectively prioritize different production projects and how to build up a strong economy and military that will achieve their particular goals. As such, it’s vitally important that 4X games give you as a good and understanding of their underlying mechanics as possible. They’re just not games that you can pick up and play right away.Unfortunately, Endless Legend doesn’t do that. Even as someone who’s been playing video games for decades and is a veteran of 4X titles like Civilization and Sins of a Solar Empire I couldn’t really figure out how this game works even after 20+ hours of gameplay. I understand the appeal of complexity, but there’s a difference between that and a game that’s so indecipherable you can’t tell why you won or lost a battle."
76561198052328096,Not Recommended,289130,20485270,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Shaun,"This game looked pretty good, the setting and factions seemed interesting and colourful. But when it came time to actually play it, I found it to be really boring. I gave it about 10 hours of gameplay over two days, but had to put a tv show on the other screen so I could avoid falling asleep. Ultimately I gave up without finishing a single match, with about 90% of my playtime being spent clicking next turn, waiting for the contruction to finish so I could select a new construction and click next turn some more. Really quite tedious, I'm glad I got it in the sale or I'd be kicking myself."
,Recommended,289130,10363172,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Alexandrukas,Another awesome game from AMPLITUDE Studios. If you like any of the other games in the Endless series I highly recommend giving Endless Legend a shot. It's also a great fantassy alternate for those CIv fans out there.
76561198030374080,Recommended,289130,10431638,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,"Ume, Coldest of Tsunderes","Awesome game, its basicly endless space for fantasy fans.... i strongly recomend it!"
76561198017597500,Recommended,289130,10121626,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Telperin-Quar,"I absolutely love this game. While Endless Legend is only currently in alpha, it feels much more refined than Civilization 5. I can't wait for the full release and the addition of multiplayer capability."
76561198030513266,Recommended,289130,10123051,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Nails,Nice civ like game.  crashes once in a while but some interesting aspects.
76561198061879309,Recommended,289130,10172485,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,greenmushroom23,"even in alpha you will love this game.. its like civ, but with alot more stuffs..THIS IS ALPHA.. so theres alot more thats gunna be added..go on the forums n see.. and yes, they gunna let you make moves during each phase of battle..its not in the alpha build tho..still this game in alpha is wayyyy more fun then age of wonders 3 or civ 5..plus u get to get in on making this game by voting for wut u want, and if ur real creative u can even think of new factions and features and they will add them in if enough people like them!! amplitude studios rock hard and you should get all their games...but yea if ur into 4x games then buy now..its cheaper then it will be when it actually ""comes out"" and its stupid fun as it is now..i got endless space when it was in alpha and really liked it, but this game blows me away..i cant wait till it comes out!!"
,Recommended,289130,10476900,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Naito,Its alpha EA so don't expect much but after playing a few games and having played Endless Space I can forsee long hours playing this game in the future.combat very nice would love to see what they expand upon it being able to have stacks easily enter battle is very nice and can see battles lasting quiet long if its like 5 stacks vs 5 stacks.graphics its alpha but I seeing endless space years ago I can predict some nice looks for this game.Races are nice and many more to come.I have bought all the founder editions from these people Endless space did not dissapoint along with its not very expensive expac which added nice flavor to the game
76561198046634429,Recommended,289130,10498822,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,tomk1891,"Awesome game so far. Only negative thing I have to say is the AI can be a bit annoying when it comes to manually fighting battles. Once you set up your troops and give your orders they normally carry out the first set of orders. Then after the first round of fighting, all of your troops begin attacking the troops that have full health instead of fighting the troops they just weakened so they end up losing. Fortunately, the hero is strong enough to finish off most of the troops. Not sure if my experience is universally agreed upon. But I'm just giving my own opinion regardless.Otherwise, this game is dope and I can't wait to play the finished product. Not sure if they plan on putting a tutorial in but I think they should."
,Recommended,289130,10504171,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Acheroth,I'm Having a blast with the early access and although still in alpha (and missing many features) i have fell in love with the design.and I trust the company. if you want to support the devs and have early access buy it. but if you don't like to wait for the finished product dont buy it until its either done are enough for you personally.P.S You can help shape development with voting and even getting your idea's in the game
,Recommended,289130,10504755,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,MetricDunn,It's a Great game. It is still a work in progress however the quality is high. I've only had it crash once and the game is smooth and seems to be technically sound. Endless legend is a great strategy game that is just going to keep getting better. I reccomend it to any turn based strategy fans.
,Recommended,289130,10540386,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Misontic,"This is the very first 4x strategy game I played. This is also the very first game I played by Games2Gether.I have this to say: both are superbe. If you get a chance, check this game out. It has tons of potential!"
,Recommended,289130,10590714,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bane.,"Great game, lots of fun even in Alpha stage. Highly suggest."
,Recommended,289130,10593351,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Alvino Castillon,"It's not finished. It's far from finished actually, though it already looks polished. In fact, I'm pretty sure it's still in Alpha as of writing this.However, the game has already seen a lot of growth and looks good enough to play anyways. There are parts of the game that still need balancing, such as military numbers, happiness, and well... a good number of things basically. However, it is very clear that the team behind this game is in it for the long haul, and it is evident they care a lot about their customers, including updates about ongoing progress to future updates to the game.I don't expect updates every four weeks. I expect updates that have meat behind them and that builds onto the game, especially for an Early Access Game. Even though I haven't played it for hours on end, I can feel it. Even before this game goes into final release, I will be fully addicted to it by Beta.For those who are looking for fast paced gameplay or a simplified tactical play, this is not your game. For those looking for a magitech take on Civilization with turn based tactical combat, story mode, and even RPG elements including upgrading heroes with weaponry and abilities, this is the game you should keep a very close eye on during development."
76561197960833702,Recommended,289130,10597673,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,dana scully's pantsuits,"if warcraft 3 and civ had a 3some with heroes of might and magic, this would be the spawn from that unprotected union."
,Recommended,289130,10639035,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tactical Sheep,Very fun game. still witing on some of the features to unlock but other than that I would definitely reccomend this game to any fan of rts games.
76561198059830913,Recommended,289130,9972643,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Aiyaaiya,Love it!! So addict.
,Recommended,289130,9973548,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Hypelios,"OK so yes it has some bugs,  its an alpha so thats a given.So i set the graphics up has high as they can go, with max resolution.  I have to say that I am very pleased.  I thought ""Wow, thats beautiful"", and I got super excited.  This game has so much potential, and the devs have already stated what new features they are aiming for.I play endless space all the time, I'm looking forward to playing this one as much as I do the other.I love how the user interface is very similar to endless space as well.  Its like going to someone else's house to play a game, but you happen to have brought your comfy chair along with.Two Thumbs up"
76561198045118659,Recommended,289130,9973909,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Brutefestival,Great ideas and HUD. But the lack of optimization is killin me
76561197967563075,Recommended,289130,13157026,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Inflames,"A fairly unique and fantastic blend of 4x sci fi and strategy. I love the game. There are some nasty bugs, and some features it needs. (water combat...or at least a way to deal with water units), but as of right now, it is worth the price. Lots of depth once you get into the finer details, and it feels very board gamish, in a good way."
,Recommended,289130,17862145,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Someone Else,"Gorgeous looking game with slow gameplay. As a huge fan of Age of Wonders and Civilization games I gave it a try and I had a good time with it for the most part. Liked the rpg elements, liked some new good ideas ( especially winter ), liked factions and small races, ♥♥♥♥ING LOVED the world of Endless Legend and how beautiful it looks.Hands down, Endless Legend is probably the best looking strategy game I've ever put my hands on.My  problem with the game was the diverse in units of factions. Each faction can produce up to 3 different original units and adopting other smaller races' rises the number to 5. So yeah, only 5 type of different units was not enough for me to keep the game entertaining. At the end map was filled with the same kind of units which caused to repetition and decreased diversity.Don't know about you, but I like fast paced gameplay in turn based games. Endless Legend did not have that. Although sense of finishing quests was quite rewarding, game dragged on and on. Time passed and I still felt like I'm inside of a box in an exploration game, trying to get out. I know this is a different game, but with the given amount of time I explored more areas and fought more enemies in similar games (like Civ5 and AoW3), thus expanding faster.4x means: eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate. Exploration and Expanding parts were good, but no good enough (at least for me) in comparasing with other 4x games. Exploit and Extermination in my opinion are done better, in a sense. Because combat was just like the game itself, it kept dragging on. However I liked it, because it was a new touch in the genre, something original.Did not try multiplayer, so can't say a thing about it.A flawed good game, but a good game nevertheless."
,Recommended,289130,15401055,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,Very nice graphic and gameplay.8/10
76561197970634020,Recommended,289130,13553629,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mork d'Ork,"There is a certain mixture of elements that make up an interesting game.  There's also a certain set of elements or rules or aspects of game and gameplay that make up an interesting 4x.  It seems to me that Endless Legend has included all those things... so it's an intertesting game.The thing that makes this a pretty sweet little game is that it leaves the mistakes made in Endless Space behind and makes exactly the right choices when it comes to graphics.  It really is a nice little game.  I am, at the very least, interested.Should you buy it?  Meh?  Maybe?  I mean... if yer just wanting to scratch a fantasy itch you may have... well DOTA is free.  If you think that yer interested and you really enjoy 4x games, then you will very likely enjoy this game.  If it's on sale, then yer in for a good time for sure."
76561198114723174,Recommended,289130,18112470,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,manuma5,"One of the best good working really involved by developers games of strategy, despite i dont think it's better than the so famous civilization im really enjoying more and see the developers working since the first releasing day really make me feels i made a really good buy. Love this game highly recommended."
76561197987350411,Recommended,289130,18341446,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Shawn of the Dead,"Fantastic game. I am enjoying it much more than either Endless Space (another by the same developer) or any of its competitors I have tried (Age of Wonders 3, Fallen Enchantress). I love the one-city-per-region mechanic. It cuts back on the number of cities while allowing them to grow naturally on the map, but also awards thoughtful placement. Also, the way units are upgraded is a big step up in user friendliness than Fallen Enchantress. Luxury resource mechanics are also an interesting change.The only gripe I have is the fact that for every battle you have to select 'Auto' again and again if you don't want to go into tactical combat. A feature to remember the last choice, or even a feature to set the default would have been nice.Overall, great game. Highly recommended."
76561198113247644,Recommended,289130,18108309,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Raon,"THIS GAME IMO:-Very extensive mechanics with tons of content.Complicated at the first hours, but when you get to it, you will see why the game is good.-The game has multiple ways to win. Diplomacy, economy, military, and so on.-Races (actually called as ""major factions"") are very different from each other in ways of winning.-Art is amazingly great and has its uniqueness on aquarelle painting.-Lore won't disappoint you. In fact it is very deep with hours of reading and understand of each faction. With so many cultural and personalities in the game, you could creat a pnp rpg from it(e.g: use a d20 sistem adventure based on endless legend).-Music and sound effect are gorgeous. You will be surprised on how good this is.-Combat system is easy to understand but it can be complex; and even outnumbered, or with low chance of winning a good strategy can turn the tide(e.g: Putting a ranged unit on a forest hill can give them high damage output as well as survivability even tho most of them are squishy).-Every hero has its own concept and background.-Customizable units since the early game till the very end.(e.g: the starting units have basic settings, but after a fews researches or questing on the starting rounds, you can dramatically change your units stats to as good as a hero)-A tactic game with a main quest for each major faction.-Many side quests with a high variety of rewards and requirements.-Many units to choose from (as long as you can afford them of course, money is everything). With this in mind, you can make many team combinations. (e.g: having 2 support units(one heal and another debuffs) 2 cavarlry(one damage other tanky) 1 flying(aoe damage) and 1 ranged(damage)-You can save a online match with a friend and then load to play another time. (this works surprisingly well, no crashes, no erros, just load and play)-Online multiplayer works perfectly good.(no dsyncs)-Dont 1x1 Ardent Mages you will regret doing so.-Economy in this game is vastly complex, and a well timed strategy can turn the tide. (e.g: you can ban  players from using the market when that players are engaging a war with someone, and pkers tend to have more military based strategies, so they wont have enough influense to ""un-ban"" theirselves to acess the market to buy resources or units to maintain their attack or defense.-People might mention that some factions are unbalanced, but believe me, they all have strenghts and weaknesses and every single faction is good and excel at something. No faction can thrive on every aspect of the game. You can be very good at military, but you will lack a diplomacy or economy.-If play against your friend, consider a lost friendship, because this game is very competitive.-Graphics are fantastic. Every detail is this game feels alive.TL;DRWhat i have to say:I have tons of hours playing this game and have only played 3 factions (have been playing for like 6h a day for 2 weeks offline). Haven't mentioned the dlcs yet but i cant talk about them since i didn't buy any yet. But overall the game is more than it looks, at first you will be very confused on so many mechanics involved in this. This is a game that you wont pwn anyone by being good at just something, you gotta be good at everything, good at trading, good at skirmishes, and be aware of the map. the sound is very involving and will make you feel inside the game. I can assure you will never get bored on something in this game(unless you really play it hardcore 20h a day for 6 months then might get bored, just like any other game). You alway have so many thing to learn, every new game teaches you something and will be a very unique experience.This is one of the best games i've ever played. Its now marked on my personal top games.10/10 for all the incredible work done on this game.Everything is a master piece. Art, Soundtracks, Mechanics, UI, factions.The game is very satisfying and worths more than the price suggested."
76561197972618188,Recommended,289130,16234003,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Lango12,"This game brought some new game concepts and refresh alot of the current one, the end result is a great 4x and the best one to date(in terms of gameplay and graphics). Here are some of the things i like about this game.-Overall art direction is good. The map overlay is beautifully rendered, hero and unit models are good looking in the tactical play. I liked that there are variety in the weapons of heroes and units when you upgrade each tier. I feel it has the rght amount of customisation without changing the appearance of the unit drastically.-The game user interface (GUI) is well-designed, I have little difficulty in finding the info I need. There is the intuitive city management tab where you can manage any city at a glance without refering back to the map overlay. FIDS can be seen and analysed easily. There are the market resource tab, heroes and mercenary HR Tab which are quite neat.-Preset states instead of free expansion, this is ironically similar to endless space's planet system and phase lanes. I feel this idea gave an organic feeling to the map boundaries instead of wanton base expansion resutling in a base in every 6 hex radius.What needs improvement:-I played the game on normal difficulty so far to get a better feel of the game elements. The AI I played are quite passive. The AI in tactical gameplay seemed to be making foolish mistakes which can lead to player exploitations.-Overall gameplay on normal gamespeed can be quickened.Conclusion:I considering to get the latest expansion."
76561197972723356,Recommended,289130,14402463,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Rogg,"Gorgeous graphics, cool ui, very good sound track, fresh take on the ""Civ"" style genre with new interesting ideas.Highly recommendable to civ veterans who need a new challenge."
,Recommended,289130,14213327,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Decoris,"Probably my game of the year for 2014 (a tough contender against Dark Souls 2, in any case), Endless Legend is a fantastic take on the 4X genre.Do you like Civ? Do you like fantasy / sci-fi? Do you like incredible production value and a great-running, great-feeling game with a ton of character? If so, you should probably play this game."
76561197972712751,Recommended,289130,12517114,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Jonnusbattle64,"I am an empire builder. The Civilization series is one of my favorite of all time. About one year ago, I bought Endless Space (made by this company), and it completely redefined the genre. Amplitude Studios does an excellent job of creating new 4X games with a spin. You will spend a minimum of 50 hours playing each faction to mastery, and you will still not know it all. Endless Legend has yet again redefined what I think of the 4X genre.Pros:-Factions vary greatly yet are somehow balanced to a degree.-Absolutely gorgeous world. I have spent 20 minutes looking at the planet Auriga.-Incredible lore. Who are the Endless? Where did they go? Will we ever find out?-Tech tree redefined. Technology is non-linear, but gated by 'eras' for balance and interesting civilizations.-Real-time economic marketplace. Prices for resources change based on player and AI consumption.-Fluid combat. Battles are highly strategic.-Reactive AI. That battle you just won with 6 archers? Well the AI created 6 cavalry with bonus damage to range.-User-based city evolution. You decide WHEN and WHERE your city expands (one of my personal favorite features).-Breathtaking soundtrack.-Equippable units and heroes. Complete customization of your army with different resources.Cons:-Sometimes game saves are corrupted, but the game autosaves every turn so you just lose 1 turn.-AI movement happens during your turn, so you can cheese the AI and move twice before they move.-Embarking units requires a tech which can easily be missed. This is really only a problem for novices.-Flying and support units so far seem lackluster, making infantry, cavalry, ranged my go-to choices.-You can annihilate a faction within 20 turns if you rush them. Of course, you can just choose not to do this.I will edit this list as more ideas come my way."
76561198016880157,Recommended,289130,11541133,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Riik,"Endless Space was a work of art. But with limited competition in terms of modern space-based 4x games, it had the luxury of an easier benchmark to surpass. Endless Legend is Amplitudes leap into the world of land-based 4x, of which competition is more plentiful; and yet despite having bigger opponants to defeat, such as the dominating Civilization series, Endless Legend is showing signs that it just might set itself in stone as a game to be remembered.Despite still having a few rough edges (mostly typos or grammar errors in text), Endless Legend shows promise; and that promise is the promise to dazzle us with beautiful artwork, breath-taking fantasy themes and action-packed gameplay. Stunning visuals, magnificent music and diverse factions truly make Auriga a world you want to get to know. A world you want to explore. A world you want to conquer. Be it as woodland-dwelling builders, powerful animated suits of armour, mysterious spellcasters or corpse-eating insectoids.So think of it as Civilization mixed in with Endless Space with improved visuals, a fantasy settings and tactical combat. In fact, don't, because that doesn't do it justice. The only way to truly understand the charm and beauty of this game is to play it.I recommend."
76561198007652170,Recommended,289130,18607458,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,FogMan,"Best 4x game in years and that is saying alot. So many fresh ideas, and drop dead gorgeous to boot."
,Recommended,289130,13619392,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Siniru,"My favorite 4x strategy game. Period.The aesthetics are wonderful, and I personally love the fantasy setting more than historical, or sci-fi (civ:BE), although I'm looking forward to trying Endless Space 2.Your towns are easy to manage, and fun to build, since you physically build the town with burroughs.Combat is really sweet, and large engagements can resolve faster than in Civ 5. Armies are stacked into a unit with a size limit, that has a hero for a leader. Combat is similar to Heroes of Might and Magic, with reinforcements entering battle from neighboring armies/cities, and with a 6 turn limit until the battle is drawn.The heroes can level up, equip new stuff, and spend skillpoints in trees unique to their class/faction. You can customize your units with equipment, and you can add neutral faction units to your roster by assimilating their villages.All the factions are very unique, and only share common technologies and buildings. Civ does not have unique factions compared to this game.Really great game, and I recommend it for playing with/against a group of friends on a weekly basis or so. Civ 5 broke multiplayer with a patch in January, so there's really no choice."
,Recommended,289130,18878398,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,0+0=0,"The cons:-This may sound strange, but it feels like the game could never be finished. Not in a bad way, but in the sense that there's room to add a seemingly infinite amount of extra mechanics and concepts that might never get the proper attention to balance they need. I feel this was apparent in the Guardian expansion that has yet to see the addition of a unit that is meant to kill said Guardians (despite it's announcement with the release of said expansion).-Compared to their other title, Endless Space, the sync issues are handled EXTREMELY well, with probably 1% of the games I've played being ruined because of instability. Huge improvement there.-Gameplay issues I have include city defense and siege, which I feel needs more appropriate fleshing out. One unit can siege a city with immense size and population, and while it only takes a moment to deal with this in reality, it still feels a little strange that one guy can shut down a whole city.The pros:As usual, Amplitude Studios delivered a 4x with a great variety of gameplay options. Each race in the game basically acts as a foundation and template for the custom traits the player wants to add on, individualising their faction. For example, one race can only have a single city, and this affords that race slightly more ""trait points"" in creating their full array of characteristics. Another race is the only faction capable of moving cities. Another race survives without food (thriving on ""Dust,"" the gold of the universe). Another race survives without science (stealing knowledge or research). Therefore, these are simply the base of where you want to take your gameplay as any of these races can be tailored to a militaristic, economic, diplomatic, scientific, etc. style of gameplay.Again I feel Amplitude nailed multiple victory types without any single one being the ""one"" way to win like in other games such as Sins.Combat is handled in real-time, locking out a section of hexes on the map for the battle to take place in what I consider a very creative way of managing battlefields.I'd keep typing but everything else is totally awesome, including the updates and balance fixes.Also, the developers are active on the forums and actually have made several key changes to this game based on feedback from users. A huge plus in my book."
76561198061163844,Recommended,289130,18891710,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,BABA GANOUSH,"Very different to Civilisation, would buy twice 11/10"
76561198043958981,Recommended,289130,11818794,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,redkaliber,U like Civ? How about Heros of M&M? Then Try this out. Its mainly like Civ but u get hero units. And you can make your own custom units by outfitting them with various equipment. The city management is a bit more in depth as well.
76561197970078384,Recommended,289130,16570326,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Finn,One of the best strategy games of its genre.
76561198027895986,Recommended,289130,16570908,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DonkJr,Best 4X game in recent memory.
76561198063081813,Recommended,289130,16586253,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lavranzo,"A great 4x-game with stunning graphics. The biggest downside to the game is the combat, which is slightly repetitive and weird, but all in all a great game that I fully recommend."
76561198007697172,Recommended,289130,13843564,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Obscillesk,"This is probably my favorite turn based strategy I've ever played.  Its not usually my favorite genre though I do like Heroes of Might & Magic well enough.  And of course, Civ 5.  Endless Legend feels like it takes the best ideas of those and then makes it way more aggressive.  On top of that it has a great mix of science fiction and fantasy ideas all mixed together.  You want an Alien™ that functions as a cleric?  This game delivers.  Orcs cosplaying as Warcraft trolls with tusks and everything?  Indeed.  Violent tree-huggers who wanna art you to death?  Indubitably."
,Recommended,289130,16869079,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Crimsyn,"I absolutely love this game. It feels like a combination of Civ5 and the Heroes of Might and Magic series. The art work is incredible. My only issue with the game is a bug which prevents me from playing online. For some reason playing this game causes my internet connection to drop. I have to disconnect my LAN cable when playing so that others in my house can still use the net. It has no effect on gameplay aside from needing to run Steam in offline mode. Not many other people seem to have this issue, so I'm guessing I have a unique setup somehow. Despite this issue, I'm still very pleased with my purchase."
,Recommended,289130,16245116,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Walrus,"I picked up Endless Legend during a Steam Sale around the same time as Sid Meier's Beyond Earth, without expecting very much. Unfortunately, Beyond Earth was a bit of a letdown and I grew bored of it within a few days, deciding to give Endless Legend a try, and discovered a truly great 4X game.Endless Legend takes a lot of familiar 4X concepts, adds a few new and interesting features, and polishes the whole package beautifully. Some of the more unique features are;*Heroes & Quests - Your leaders are powerful combat units themselves (or alternately can become strong governers for your cities), and you can level them up with unique skill trees, and equip them with items to specialise them in certain ways.*Upgradable/Customised Units - In much the same way that your Heroes can acquire gear, so too do all your standard units. Each faction only gets a handful of different units throughout the game, but because of the way you can customise them, it never feels like there is a lack of choice.*Factions - In Endless Legend, the different factions play extremely differently. From a tribe who can move their cities around at-will, to one who are limited to only one city, to one whe are utterly incapable of any sort of diplomacy with other factions and is instead in a constant state of war with everyone. Every faction is unique and different, giving the game a lot of replay value compared with others of the genre. If this wasnt enough, you can create your own custom faction, loading it out with unique perks and weaknesses.Endless Legend is a gem of a game in a pretty fiercely contested genre. It combines the core elements of successful franchises such as Civ, and integrates its own features and additions. Well worth getting for any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,289130,16180884,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Celix,"I really can't get enough of this game. Every faction you can pick are so unique and diverse. Out of all of the 4X games I've play, this one is the champion of all.You will not find a better company than Amplitude Studios."
76561198071828777,Recommended,289130,16115697,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Ares Chaos-Maker,"Endless Legend is a really beautiful game both in looks and gameplay, it has a much nicer interface than Civilisation games, as well as its science tree being more user friendly. The different races all bring something unique to the game which is a good change from other games overall I would highly recommend this to someone that is looking for a good strategy game."
76561198024789277,Recommended,289130,15453633,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Mad-Dog,Amazing game!
76561198049864037,Recommended,289130,13190798,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Bardamu,"Awesome game, great gameplay, great music, great graphism. Worth it"
76561197970128471,Recommended,289130,12907598,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sevens,"Endless fun.  Plays like a Civ game, with lots of different features.  Also the best user interface I have ever seen.  Does have a bit of a learning curve, but once you get thourgh that the endless fun begins.Pros:  Each faction plays very different from the others so lots of replay value.Beautiful graphics, including different sets of armor and weapons.Cons:  Some bugs, but patches have been made, and more still on the way.Highest graphics settings can slow a big machine down.Conclusion:  If you like 4x turn based strategy games, you will like this one."
76561198030773396,Recommended,289130,13285421,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,stripe7,Took me Endless tries the last few days but I think I have figured out how to play the game. It is a lot mroe fun than Pandora or Civ V:Beyond the stars.
,Recommended,289130,15041963,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Scooby,"An excellent turn based strategy;  much like civilization (my favorite game, over 350 hours logged) you manage an empire and grow it.  The game is highly replayable, with 8 unique factions and plenty of variety and achievements.  Seeing as it only came out this September, DLC is expected and will be sure to deliver.  Overall a great game, 9/10!"
76561198119670858,Recommended,289130,14752828,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Heir to Caesar,ALMOST as good as Civ V Brave New World.
,Recommended,289130,15074191,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Tudhalyas,"Endless Legend is a nice take on the 4X genre, and I could summarize it as the child of the Civilization and Age of Wonders series. It's focused on tech research and city building and administration like Civilization but still has the very interesting tactical aspect of combat of AoW; moreover, you still have the possibility to upgrade your current units and heroes with the latest weapons, armor and artifacts you have researched -- a bit like what you can do in Stardock's Fallen Enchantress or in the classic Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri.A novel aspect of EL with respect of all the games I've mentioned is that the game map is divided into regions and each region can host upto one town only; this makes things a bit more interesting as the town has to be placed strategically in accordance with which resources the single region has to offer.The graphics style is really appealing to me, and the music (that you get also in MP3 format bundled with the game download for free) really nails the mood and tempo of the game.The only bad thing that I can say about EL is that the AI isn't very challenging at all; sometimes it could just stay idle in its initial territory for the most part of the match -- that's what happened to the Mezari in my first ever game. If this one issue is fixed, EL can become a true classic gem of the genre.My vote: 8.5/10PS: I'm still waiting for the Linux release!"
76561198009149835,Recommended,289130,15229994,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Triple H,"At first, Endless Legend looks like Civ 5 put into a fantasy world. While they have several things in common, mostly building an empire through diplomacy, conquest, and expansion, Endless Legend has several features that separates it from Civ 5.First is how different each of the factions feel and how they are played. In Civ 5, the difference between playing differentfactions generally boils down to small percentages. While these can drastically affect the game, you will mostly play the way everyone else does. In Endless Legend, each faction has its own distinctive traits as well as playstyles. One faction can force peace on other factions while another can teleport their units to cities. These differences become even more interesting as you start creating your own factions. In short, if you find yourself playing the Roving Clans after finishing a game with the Necrophages, you probably won't be using the same strategy.Second is the winter season. Periodically, winter rolls around and generally makes the game harder. Exactly what it does varies from game to game, which can provide a whole new set of challenges with each individual game. It also adds a good bit of difficulty. In Civ 5, the only thing that usually keeps your armies at bay are mountains and other rough terrain. While rough terrain is also in Endless Legend, winter will drastically slow an army down and effectively make combat a fairly rare occurence during winters (at least until the mid to late game as you find ways to become immune to winter's effects). As the winters get longer, the game becomes more difficult, with the actions you take during the summer becoming much more important when the next winter rolls around.Third is unit customization. In Civ 5, your units become better as you advance through the research tree and they are generally static throughout save for the upgrades they get when they level up. In Endless Legend, your units each have their own equipment set that you can customize to your liking. If you're looking to make your ranged unit zip across the map while hitting hard, you can give them the equipment they need to do that (after you research it, anyway). Unit customization also allows your army to adapt to the situation at hand. If you find that your army is equipped to handle flyers while the enemy sent in melee and ranged units, you can retrofit your army accordingly (provided they weren't killed off before you got the chance).These are only a handful of the differences between Civ 5 and Endless Legend. Ultimately, if you're looking for a 4X game with some fresh ideas, you'll probably find it in Endless Legend."
,Recommended,289130,13213952,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Maxamonium,"Endless Legend is the 3rd game in the Endless series, and as they say, 3rd Time's the Charm!  Though my next words won't really convey that well.This game is unfinished.Everything feels pretty loosely connected (that was the only way I could describe things).  The UI feels weak and seems too small.  Sometimes enemy armies will come out of nowhere and destroy your city in one turn.  These are problems that can be patched out or updated.  (The camera doesn't move to show you important things like enemy movement etc., so you can feel like you're being left in the dark to vitally important things.)  Also, randomly the game will say a huge error has occured, give you a feedback log for you to do nothing with, and then continues running as normal (unless it then decides your next turn will never start, but a quick Save/Reload solves this).However, despite these faults, compared to Beyond Earth, this is the better game.The 9 factions are all fantastic, look wonderful and have great, unique effects, and each one feels very different!  From the Necrophage which are quite literally incapable of learning any form of peaceful diplomacy and feast on the flesh of the living to the Drakken, draconic beings who adore peace and start the game knowing everyone (and everyone knowing them), it's truly wonderful.  You can even make your own factions from scratch!  Of course, in old Endless-4X style, you can customise your armies with equipment that improves over the course of the game (making your units take longer to produce to compensate), it all balances out very well.  Minor Factions you can assimilate into your army also make for important choices on which lands you take and which places you destroy, for each grants you a passive bonus along with a new unit for you to make (and considering each army can only make 3 different military units, this is vitally important).This game is good, you should buy it, but it does have some rough edges, but nothing you can't fix or get over.  Get ready to learn a lot of new stuff and have plenty of fun!"
,Recommended,289130,15457263,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ClumsyChip,"I have to say that this is the only 4x strategy game that I have really gotten into, and it is seriously worth it!Here's the shortened version:pros:- different races to play as that actually give a lot of diverse gameplay options- each race has its own (interesting) quest-line and (vibrant) history- quests really give you a purpose and a bit of story to drive you forward and keep you engaged with your faction.- combat system takes the best of Civ V and Total War to create a really fun system!- seasons!- relatively simple interface (you probably need to play the tutorial to fully understand it though)- customise your army units- very sassy AI!- beautiful graphicscons:- you can't see exactly how strong an enemy is before you attack (at least, i havent found a way yet)- tutorial is quite heavy, but also worth it so....- cities are a little hard to see clearly as there is a lot of stuff going on...- it is a little buggy and often crashes when I play multiplayer, but not enough to deter me from the game!The long version:What I like most about this game is the sense of real diversity between each 'culture/races/people'. They each have very specific and drastically different ways of playing them. For example you have a race that is a cult - they can't build extra cities so conquering by force is useless, so instead of soldiers they have preachers who spread their influence and 'take over' other players' settlements through spreading their cult. Another clan is basically vermin zombies who don't even have the option of diplomacy - all they can do is attack other players and eat them or turn their enemies into zombies which they can then control. Or a third one is a bunch of metal armours with souls inside them so they don't require any food resources! There is much more than that but they all have advantages and disadvantages that are really well balanced and truly FEEL different and diverse!On top of that the combat system is really interesting.First of all, each race only gets 4 different base units. That's it. But wait for it..... you get to customise them! As you level them up you get access to tier 2, 3 etc items like armour, weapons, and jewelery which all give you different stats which means you can create different units tailored to your own style of play or needs. For example I'm playing with the woodsland people (not their official name) and i have access only to archers at first. But I have created 2 different types of archers through this system - some are better at fighting infantry units whereas my second class is stronger against flying units. And now I also spent a while upgrading all my unit designs so that I can manufacture better units. There aren't THAT many different options, but there are enough to make it diverse and you can have a lot of fun with it. I also just like the ability to upgrade your units instead of simply receiving new units and you don't really know what they do. This way, I really am getting to know my army for once.Secondly, it's not like in Civ V where your units throw javelins from one hexagon to another hexagon or something like that. In battle you have your little units and they each take up 1 square, so you can control each of them individually, at first you need to decide where to place them (they get advantages or disadvantages based on terrain) and then you decide which enemies they attack. It's the same basic concept as in total war, but with less units and turn-based. You're also able to see the stats of your opponents and so can strategise pretty nicely without it taking forever or being overly complicated.The only down side is that you can't really tell the strength of an enemy army until you have engaged in battle with it (which has meant that 1 and a half of my armies has been accidentally wiped out because of that. But i think that is mostly because i had only archers. Because i didn't have access to anything else at that point because i was focusing on production instead of armies.)Finally, quests. I haven't play that many 4x strategy games but I haven't seen quests like these before. And I love them. I tend to play mostly RPGs because I like story and my main concern with 4x games such as Civ V was that I didn't really care about my people. But not in Endless Legend. Oh no. The quests and bits of story you get gives you motivation and a purpose and that is what is keeping me playing this game! And I don't even have time for it! It feels like there is a story happening - you're not just developing your community for nothing, you've got a purpose and i love that!Basically, it's complex, but simple enough to understand - just the way i like my games."
,Recommended,289130,12467464,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ActionYann,"I like the game, you should try it.The look is nice, the map system is fun, great ambiant soundtrack.A bit of CIV (science eras progression, diplomacy, city management), a feeling of Heroes of Might and Magic (heroes and armies, building units, improvements, battles on a map).I like the region control, it makes things easier for the ressource extractions and scroring, while still being strategic.I have not tested all the victory conditions, and got raided badly on the first games.The battles are a bit boring, I mostly play them in auto. But sometimes while outnumbered or with Healing Heroes, I play them manually."
,Recommended,289130,12169705,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,whatisdead,"Excellent game. Extremely addicting. Does anyone else clinch their teeth when they play good games? My jaw is killing me.I did not play Endless Space, so can't comment on any differences or improvements.For some one who never played Civ either - it was a little confusing at first, but after running with itfor a couple hours it's great.The game looks good, the factions are cool, and there is a good amount of customization - which I think will keep the replay level very high."
,Recommended,289130,12280637,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Hordemaster,"Endless Legend is very much in the vein of civilisation but with a fantasy setting.It has more depth than many games of its ilk with a wide range of troops, minor factions and resources.Unlike many modern games the factions are very different with unique play mechanics that making using a different faction a very different experience.Recommended for fans of fantasy strategy games.Added after 23 hours play:Having played this for longer there are game crashing bugs and occasional errors. Autosaves happen every turn to rescue you from this. If you get errors without a crash then it is best to exit the game as re-opening the game can fix the errors. Hopefully these issues will be fixed in a future patch but be warned if you see an error the game may crash in a future turn but your save is probably fine if you restart.Some of the features I like from this game:Seasons mean winter suddenly drops your food and other production, poorly designed empires can find them selves starved. Troops move slowly in winter and it gives a sensible pause in war efforts. Once you have troops with winter resistence via high level skills you can gain advantages in the winter.Diplomacy has a default state of cold war, one step from peace or war. Peace and Alliances must be researched before being offered and military players can not only ignore diplomacy but also ignore chunks of the research options.Troops can be edited to give them the latest equipment, then troops built on those original builds can be retrofitted to the current build.Heroes stationed in cities earn experience as quickly or faster than combat Heroes. The earn experience for everything built at the city so defensive and peaceful empires can still build powerful heroes. Heroes also have a whole chain of skills focused on city boosting.Each faction has a recommended victory type to aim for.Cultists for example can only build one city and expand through village conversion instead. Each village gives them resouces, an extra city worker and troops are generated for free in the village. The city can grow a level higher than any other faction and numbers of workers in the end game can be very high due to all the villages converted.To play each faction to the full you need to embrace there game mechanic and just playing each faction gives a lot of replay.Difficulty is simpler than other games in the ilk as long as you follow the correct playstyle for your faction and utilise your heroes fully. Anything below normal should be treated as training and normal may be to easy if you play a lot of strategy games.My first playthroughs with the Wind Walkers took 15+ hours and my second play with Cultists taking less than 8 hours.If you ignore the story line quests and focus on a quick win on maps other than huge you could do this in a much shorter time.Playing the remaining factions I expect to spend another 30-60 hours trying out the other 6 main factions."
76561197986197242,Recommended,289130,12257553,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,PlotinusRedux,"This is a great 4x game concept if still a bit rough around the edges.The good:* The map is divided into regions, with no more than 1 city/region, with that city having access to all resources in the region--this eliminates city spam.* Units are grouped into armies, but armies have a max number of units based on current technology--prevents stacks of doom.* Cities exploit tiles around them by building districts that must be next to the city center or another district--the city gradually works more and more tiles in it's region under player control.* Armies have something to do even when not at war, exploring ruins, fighting with other factions in neutral regions, and conducting quests.* Battles are resolved with a decent--but skippable--tactical combat system.* Tech is non-linear and varied.* Units are customizable, with new base patterns acquired by assimulating minor factions.* A number of different paths to victory--military, science, and quest.* Different factions have huge differences that making playing them basically a completely different game.The bad:* Still some significant bugs, including ones that make it impossible to finish a game even from saves.* No real documentation or tutorial for a lot of the good new concepts--you just have to figure out a lot of things by trial and error.  Though this can also be fun--""Oh, *that's* how that works....""* The notification system--that a city is not producing anything, or that you aren't researching any tech, is easy to miss, leading to turns of no production and no research unless you remember to check it every turn.* The AI is pretty weak, and probably always will be, due to the complexity of the options available.* The UI can be frustrating and confusing.If you're willing to learn by trial and error as you go, and have a high tolerance for bugs, there are some really good new concepts here.  If not, you might wait a couple of months until some good beginner's guides are written and the game is more stable.If you do play it now--notifications appear as icons on the right side of the screen.  Make sure you click on every one every turn--they disappear as soon as you hit End Turn.  And the circle around End Turn has an arrow circle icon next to it--click on that every turn to move your armies, or they'll just sit where they are doing nothing.  And use the scroll wheel on your mouse to zoom out far enough that you get the strategic map--that shows you region bondaries, resources, unexplored ruins, etc."
76561198049112828,Recommended,289130,12262711,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Stangle Khan,"I've played a lot of strategy games over the years and this is one of the better ones. A lot of 4x games (not including space 4x) tend to be heavily modeled after the Civilization series, not Endless Legend though. This game is very much its own game.Pros:Each Faction plays very differently from each other. Necrophages can't have peace or alliances, Broken Lords don't need food. Drakken can force peace upon another player, Roving Clans can't declare war etc. Each faction truly is a vastly different playstyle.The game is beautiful. A minor thing that just makes it more enjoyable.The battle system is interesting. More in depth than Civ's smack two units against each other, but not as in depth as Age of Wonders 3 where you control each unit on the battle field.The world is very diverse and there are quests, ruins, minor factions etc. that make exploring both profitable and enjoyable.Unit Customization. You can alter your units with different armor, weapons and trinkets to suit your needs. You take a basic unit from your faction (or assimilated minor factions) and equip them with different equipment to make them stronger or more specialized. For instance you could have a lance weilding Stalwart that does a lot of damage, or one that can take as much damage as you throw at it.Heroes: Strong units that lead armies or govern cities. Very useful and very cool.Mixed:The region system is somewhat strange. When you settle a region with a city, you own that whole region. However, only the tiles directly around your city are worked. You also can only found a single city per region. This means that many areas that would make excellent cities are wasted. On the other hand all the strategic and luxury resources in the region can be harvested by the single city. You also don't get AI settling right next to your city to steal a resource like in Civ.Cons:Limited number of Units. Each faction only has 4 base units. You can assimilate different minor factions for their units but there is a limited number of slots to do this. Compared to other games there aren't many units around. However each faction has three unique units (the settler is common to almost all the factions).AI can travel into your territory automatically and can attack your units outside of your territory without declaring war. You have to declare peace for them not to be able to attack your units and declare closed borders to keep them out of your territory. Both of which cost influence.Declaring war costs influence. Severely annoying and pointless. The other diplomatic stuff makes sense. This does not. You don't need to influece someone to declare war, you just attack them."
,Recommended,289130,12265511,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Grey.Goo,Complex and lore heavy 4x strat with a great art style and unit models. Takes awhile to get used to some indepth game mechanics such as stockpiles and avoiding the research everything mentality. Highly recommended if u enjoy strat /rpg elements.
76561198050435303,Recommended,289130,12343268,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Kinkeadus,"Plays like a more in depth Civilization.  Which is awesome!  Consider any Civ game to be your pretutorial, then play the tutorial included with the game, and then you're all set!  So far I am absolutely loving it!  Barbarians and citystates have been fused to make ""minor factions"".  You can either use diplomacy and do some stuff to gain their favor or use military might to subjugate them.  The factions seem quite diverse, though I have only played with the Necrophague.  The terrain plays a large role in warfare, and battles can be micromanaged whereas you decide which unit does what.  I really can't recommend this game enough if you enjoy strategy games.  If you don't, I'm not sure this will win you over.  Then again, I doubt any strategy game would.  For: people who like Risk, Civilization, Heroes of Might and Magic          Not for: people who do not have patience"
76561198030876620,Recommended,289130,12231672,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Armando,"WARNING: GAME MAY CAUSE ""ONE MORE TURN SYNDROME"" TO RELAPSEWhile the game has some minor bugs, it is simply fantastic. It probably has the most beautiful overland map I've ever seen in a game. It has more than adequately satisfied my 4X itch until Beyond Earth comes out next month. You will not be disappointed by this game, it has a little bit of everything.  You manage cities, build units, upgrade those units with new equipment, elaborate tech trees, and you have powerful heroes to lead you along the way. This game has elements from all of my favourite 4X titles combined into one beautifully rendered presentation. Endless Legend will keep you wanting more!"
,Recommended,289130,12233789,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Talisman,"I was surprised, and very impressed, by how good this game is. The game map is the most beautiful I've seen in a strategy game, even more so than Civ V. They've also managed to do a fantasy strategy game right, each faction (all EIGHT of them) is very distinct and unique. The game plays like a mash up of Civ and Elemental Fallen Enchantress, taking all of the best parts from each. The tech tree is broad and you'll make meaningful decisions about which techs to pick up and which to skip. I do wish heroes had a bit more oomph in their leveling. It is also a shame that changing armor load outs on units/heroes doesn't affect their appearance in any way.The biggest issue with the game is that it's fairly complex, and despite having a good tutorial to introduce you to the UI and basics of the game, some more advanced mechanics are not explained, and the game's wiki is pretty bare bones.That said, overall the game is great, you should play it if you're a strategy/fantasy fan."
,Recommended,289130,12241442,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Illauna,"I actaully felt fairly, meh, about Endless Space. The second 4x strategy game from this developer is very nice. It adds a number of new systems to the genre and adds them well. They solve one of the oldest problems with 4x fantasy games, city spam, by limiting you to one city per region. The UI is very well developed providing a lot of information but not completely crowding the view screen. It's also very intuitive, you will find yourself naturally finding the information you are looking for in the places the UI places them. I highly recommend this game for fans of turn based strategy games."
76561197970972661,Recommended,289130,12241460,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Baron Munchausen,"extremely fun and addicting 4x fantasy strategy civ game.  Similar to Fallen Enchantress and Age of Wonders.  IMHO this game does things alot better than the aforementioned series.  Is there room for improvement? Of course, but as things stand right now, the game is very enjoyable and fun to play.  For anyone counting the days before Civilization: Beyond Earth comes out, this game will definitly help make the time go by a bit faster."
,Recommended,289130,12242323,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,IIIStrife,"I gotta say I'm actually completely surprised with this game. I half-expected a game that only feels like it's jsut trying to be another Civ game, but what I got was a game that does draw inspiration from Civ 5, but doesn't really feel similar.First off, alot of the things that really annoyed me about Endless Space are no longer here. Actually none of them are.1. The AI is actually less stupid and basic and WAY less hard to fight at Easy difficulty.2. The game's combat system uses none of that stupid freaking card crap from Endless Space which is always better to go without in my opinion, making victory more about strategy and less about chance. Combat has about as much chance as Civ 5 or any 4X game has.3. The game doesn't feel or seem like it's trying to be Civilization 5, or trying to sell itself as such, instead this game feels like it's actually on it's own ground, although connected to Civ 5, that's not remotely bad however.The UI from Endless Space is the only reason I still occasionally played it, but now that this game is out and has an even better version of it, which has only very tiny differences to make it all the more better, I've got no reason to play Endless Space anymore.The game's handling of city's makes things much less complicated in one way while allowing more complication in another way.Each region can only have a single city, but the game is set up into multiple regions. Each city's limits are capped at the edges of a region, and the city limits are expanded using burroughs.This makes a sort of promise that you'll be spending less time worrying about city placement in relation to the other cities on the map, but it makes he same promise that you'll be spending more time in macro managing your cities over time.The game (like Civ) has many resources and special tile benefits that (if worked) bestow huge bonuses to a city, and ofcourse in turn, your empire.Unlike Civ however, there are no gimmicky things which give you bonuses over others or makes your life more difficulty if not utilized, such as Culture, Tourism or Religion, there also is no ability to move over water tiles however as the regions always end after the first water tile of any palce's coast.The usual difficulties from endless Space are there, and if anything, this game has a bit of a sense that it's like a prequel to Endless Space, most likely intended due to the title of this game and Endless Space.In my opinion... This game is fun, it's rather challenging with the Minor races sometimes getting very aggressive at random times, the other civilizations seem to be less warmongering (unless you're the Necrophages, you know... the Krogan disease from Mass Effect, only with undead) in comparison to their previous game, and that is honestly really quite nice.The way the game handles technology is awesome, and I wish other games did such. The game's technologies are split up into 4 Eras. researching 9 in one era will unlock the next and advance you to it, and so on until the 9th (where I imagine techs to get a science victory would be possible.The game has none of the dead wonders you could find in Space, thank the gods as in my opinion, they detracted and were often not worth restoring unless you could manage 20 turns of getting something that would boost only approval, or would boost science just a bit.My first game with 5 others took 4 hours and it's not even over yet, I've yet to get past the 2nd Era, but that is mostly due to the fact i spent 100 turns with 1 city, and that's never something you wanna do honestly.Overall, the game's very fun, original in it's own ways and has enough bits from Endless Space that it enhances what's already there, as certain aspects of Endless Space were already great, and... well why not use what's already great in another Turn-based game right?There's some things I haven't said like the factions, or how there's heroes and how they're awesomely powerful, but I highly recommend you to atleast play it for yourself, you will enjoy what you see and experience. If you have doubts, then just ask a friend to play their copy, or do some research with gameplays and other reviews.My final Verdict for this game, is an 8/10, it's honestly one of the most fun 4X games I've played in a while for the first time."
,Recommended,289130,12242797,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,eobet,"This is a full featured strategy game with a lot of nice management options, like detailed control of equipment for armies and roles of the labor force in cities. It's very war focused though, and the combat system can be considered a bit weird and confusing. When it comes to diplomacy, certain actions like declaring war costs ""influence points"" which is really nice, but overall, diplomacy options, especially when it comes to winning peacefully, feels sorely lacking. There is, for example, no way for a cultural win like in the Civilization games."
76561198017201377,Recommended,289130,12233142,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Thartahk,i recommend this game if you like thes type of games thou there are little Crassing problems at this time that i do hope they will fix the game is intresting in many ways i have played 12 hours and yet to finish a full map since you can make the maps huge and full of many diffrent things the mini factions also make this game intresting since they add more units to your faction that you would not be able to have so you never know how and in what way your armies will end nor how your relationships whit other factions
,Recommended,289130,12249565,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Bonesaw,"I would highly recommend this game.  It combines elements of a number of my favorite genres into one of the best-looking packages I've ever seen.  I especially recommend it to all my friends who love the Civilization series.The entire game is gorgeous.  It may not be the most technically advanced game when it comes to graphics (though it makes great use of depth-of-field, and zooming in/out and discovering new areas are impressively smooth), but the visual design is top-notch, and not just with the art for character and environmental designs.  Hands-down, the UI design is the best I've ever seen in anything, period.  The menus look gorgeous and are easy to understand.  Complicated concepts like resources are abstracted and displayed in a way that really pops.  Even when I didn't understand the game, it was fairly easy to learn by doing, thanks to the great interface design.  Whoever did the visual design for Endless Legends should get a medal.  A really pretty medal.As for gameplay, it's a 4x at its core, with a lot of similarities to Civilization 5.  However, it boils down a lot of the more obtuse and complicated aspects of the genre into something a little more manageable.  A smaller number of meaningful and balanced choices and tradeoffs is the name of the game here, and it makes for riveting gameplay.  The ""one more turn"" aspect of the genre is in full force here.  Every session so far ends when I finally look at the clock and realize it's 4 in the morning when I thought it was 1 at the latest.It also adds a nice twist by having an actual battle system.  When two armies meet, their battle isn't decided just by stats.  Instead, you play a tactical turn-based game in the vein of X-Com and Final Fantasy Tactics, where unit positioning and targeting are just as important as the gear and levels you bring to the fight.Endless Legend also borrows some of the best elements of RPGs.  There are unique hero units you can customize with gear and skill trees as they level, and you can customize every single unit with gear as well.  This allows you to simply upgrade your base units as your technology progresses, or create totally different variations for different purposes.The game also has a storyline for each of the 8 (or so?) factions you can play as, and it allows you to create custom factions.  Completing the story's questline leads to a victory condition while fleshing out the world and offering a few twists on the way.Man, this game is really good.  And really, really pretty.  Buy it!"
76561198014146808,Recommended,289130,12270862,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ben,"A fun addicting game that i bought to play with myself.  After i started to play the game more and more i decided that i should get my friends to play it.  The inferface is a more polished version of Endless Space, the combat can take a little bit of time to complete but i liked the unique design put into the combat on a 4x game.  The visuals are amasing but in the longer games i have noticed that it can slow down the game a tad bit.  Over all i am very satisfied with this game."
76561197970014330,Recommended,289130,12271962,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Khaosmarine,"Played the game for a few hours yesterday, and while I'll readily admit, 7.8 hours is not really enough to get a true feel for the game, I have seen enough to know that the developers have put a lot of thought into this game.  The atmosphere seems right, difficulty may be set a tad high for people new to the 4X genre of games (either that or I'm just terrible at this game haha).There are a few bugs that need fixing, they're mainly game crashes.  Suffered a fair number of them yesterday while playing Multiplayer with my friend, either desyncing or just plainly dropping us both out the game and leaving us with a window saying the other person closed the game....  If you're considering buying this game, don't let these little blips put you off, the game is well worth a purchase if you're looking for a 4X game you can get your teeth into.Price for this game is just right IMO"
,Recommended,289130,9975348,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Eyefunk,"Changing this review because this game has progressed immensely since EA release.This game is superior in all aspects over Endless Space.  The art style is fantastic, the world is gleaming with creativity and diversity, and the gameplay is a lot less ""rock-paper-scissors"" feeling.Can't wait to see what else they add into the game!9/10"
76561198074070512,Recommended,289130,12173832,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,CrismonFlare,Played while it was being in development it has a nice gameplay. Praticing with AI has become more fun over the length of time as it grew more clever suprising. I do miss minor faction killing off computers hahah... It follows simple UI thats is easy to understand & yet the game is still complex. I do wish that they added in mutations along units and heroes it just feels really bland    to recruit units that just fuill their role. example recruit daemon (unusually stronger) +2 atk
76561198001520146,Recommended,289130,12174305,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Xtiaan,"Wow! I love this genre. 4x strategy and fantasy. There are other reviews that go over some of the details that make this the best 4X game to come out in ages but let me sun it up in one sentense. If you are looking for a 4X game that gives you that 'Just One More Turn' feeling than look no further.Just one bit of advice. Even if you have played games like this before don't go thinking you can skip the tutorial and dive right in. There are so many fresh new game mechanics and concepts in this beauty that you will have no idea what is going on.It's so good that I won't be playing anything else for quite a while. There isn't a game on Steam that gives you more value for the price. I would have gladly paid 'Blue Chip' prices just to support such great indie game developers. Congratulations, Guys.I wish you all the success in the world :) Now get back to work on some DLC so I can que up!"
,Recommended,289130,12191291,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,When the acid kicks in,"I've been very sceptical towards this game because I'm a fan of Civ and, well, almost every Civ-like game ever made deserved the word ""mediocre"" at best, being a complete clone with boring mechanics.But, god damn, after I've finally convinced myself to buy and try Endless Legend I did not regret for a minute! This is something I've been waiting for ages — fantasy 4X game with a bunch of fresh ideas and mechanics, which does NOT look like a Civ clone.(It still got a lot of things derived from Endless Space though and noone likes self-repeating, but I will forgive and forget about that since this game is a real breath of fresh air in the genre!)"
76561198036857509,Recommended,289130,12162873,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Thelen,"only complaint is the combat system. You don't really get to make any decisions when you go into the tactical battle screen and it seems to serve no other purpose than to provide a stage upon which to watch the units display their individual animations. I would really like to see a patch that allows for more manual control of each battle, otherwise I'll continue to hit auto resolve each time for the sake of saving time.other than that the game is fun. the quests offer a good distraction from the typical empire building and city management of a 4X game, and reminds me of other titles in the genre like Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Hero's but with more style. The backstory and world-building is compelling as well, and the diplomacy system is one of the best I've seen in this genre."
,Recommended,289130,12163388,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,K!netic,"This caught me by surprise - I rarely feel engaged by 4x games (outside of Civ), but this title really has merit.Let's get the basics out of the way - it looks great. The artistry is top-notch. The UI is fluid, and importantly doesn't waste your time with animations that freeze your ability to navigate. Everything is responsive and satisfying.The minor factions are a great addition - something Civ struggled with all the way through 5 (with the city-states). Endless manages to make the minor factions feel ""just right"", and conquering/parlaying/bribing them is a huge part of the game. Plus it's just plain fun to sometimes gain their trust through quests, and sometimes through conquest. Every option feels equally viable, you can't use just one strategy to get what you want.The major factions are varied and (again) satisfying. Each one plays entirely differently, but not so differently that you feel like you're stuck re-learning the wheel. Some games with multiple factions make it seem as if one or two factions got all the developer's attention, but these factions are well-rounded.I could go on, but overall the game is remarkably well thought-out, well-executed, and engaging. I don't often play 4x games, but I'd feel comfortable suggesting this to anyone."
,Recommended,289130,12163839,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,NefariousPorpoise,"I'm pretty wary of Early Access these days, but having played and enjoyed Endless Space, I decided to go for it and was not disappointed. Even in the Early Access stage, the polish and promise of this game was unusual. Graphics? Gorgeous. Sound? Beautiful. Gameplay? So much fun. Difficult, but fun. (Maybe it's just the way I play, but I found the Newbie difficulty level to be similar to Civ 5's normal difficulty. It's very easy to fall behind, so get started early and don't waste turns if you can help it!)It's also got some features that make it stand out from other 4X fare. The light RPG elements (similar to Endless Space, but more in depth), which include quests, are plentiful enough to keep you from getting bored, but not so deep that they bog down the game too much. Tech researching is also a little more involved and interesting than your standard 4X. Unlike in most 4X games, researching is a little more free-form. Instead of tech trees, there are more like tech levels. To get to the next level (which the game calls Eras), you have to research a certain number of technologies, which can be from any of the main categories (science/production, culture/influence, military, and agriculture/economics). So, if you like, you can choose not to research any low-level (Era I) agriculture/economic technologies and still be able to research Era II agriculture/economic technologies once you've unlocked that level. The anomalies and wide variety of hex benefits (e.g. 1 food, 2 dust, 3 production output if one of your cities extends to that hex) also spice up the game, adding extra elements to consider when making strategic decisions.The only quibble I have is with the manual battles. While they're enjoyable enough, I've found the system a bit clunky and my units occasionally ignore my orders completely for no apparent reason (not even a terrain reason). Not sure if that's a pathfinding issue or what, but it can make manual battles a little frustrating at times. I've found that you're less likely to lose units in manual battles than the automatic ones (or at least that's what I've seen in my limited experience), so I wish they would take a look at that or somehow make it more clear why units are sometimes like ""Oh, was that an order? You wanted me to do something/go somewhere that might preserve my health or life? How cute. I'm going to go get myself murdered now. kthxbye!"" That said, that's not a huge part of the game and you can absolutely let the computer take care of it if you prefer.Anyway, this is a great game overall and shows that Amplitude Studios is becoming one of those rare Developers You Can Trust To Make Amazing Games That Are Worth Your Money And Will Probably Not F--- You Over With Early Access. (The DYCTTMAGTAWYMAWPNFYOWEA club is an admirable and exclusive one, but I think we can all agree that they need a little help with that acronym.)9.5/10"
,Recommended,289130,12165071,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,constantinople,"the Endless franchise (which, through sheer persistence it must be called now) is a wondersome beast, really. I never really played Endless Space because the shallow battle system bored me, but I guess the 4x elements were decent. this one is a similar case. the battle system is turn based, fairly shallow, and every of the eight faction has only three units, as well as other ones depending on the assimilated minor factions.so far so unspectacular. BUT - and this is so surprising because the same thing goes for DUngeon of the Endless: this game is goddamn beautiful. from head to toe, from UI to artwork. its not only very well executed - its innovative, which is really rare. look up some pictures of ""cult of the eternal end"" units for instance. the art direction reminds me of Rackham tabletop models. its vibrantly colored, diverse, stylish, functional in its UI design. and it crashes, a lot. and is a fairly boring game, so far at least, but it might feel like that because I didnt delve too deeply into it, and, like Endless Space, this seems to value the three other X's higher than xterminate, the combat. as I said, a strange and very beautiful beast. just like Dungeon, which has one of the most brilliant pixel-y art styles I ve seen in a long time."
76561198038542513,Recommended,289130,12156012,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Old Man Mordaith,"If you like Fantasy and you like 4X, this is a game for you. Each race is wonderfully different, not just reskins. Each race has three troops. That is it. Three different troops. But depending on which of the minor races you bring in to your nation, and what upgrades you choose, you will have a very different feeling army each game.Again, very happy this game is finally out of EA in all it's 1.0.0 glory. My first play through was seemless. I gladly give this a 10/10!"
76561198069407417,Recommended,289130,14678134,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Bengletiger,"Endless legend is an awesome TBS game.  It takes endless space and drastically improves combat and multiplayer stability.  It kept all the things that made endless space great, the city management, the grand strategy, and the ability to choose how you want to win.  If you want a game that is packed with lore, customization, epic battles, and quests, this is it.  Also go ahead and buy endless space and dungeon of the endless, the three work well together."
76561198011941869,Recommended,289130,11079927,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Commissar Antonios,"This game haunts my dreams...Keep in mind that i have played 70+ hours off line (in office,hope i'll not lose my job) and only ONE faction because i simply cannot get them out of my mind...Greatest pros.The world.Its an alien world,one you have not encounter in any other game (except for those who own endless space).The factions are unique,from my favorite lich knights,fighting between honor and,vital for their survival,soul consuming,to the adept mages or ""pain""mages and tech loving vaulters,all factions are more or less unique.The world itself have some very strange ""anomalies"" aka resources and some even more strange neutral tribes,like barbarians in civs,with the exception that after you conquer them,or bride them,or even do some quests for them you can add them to your army!In short the game world resemble Alpha Centauri after playing Civ.Alien,strange,unique and disturbing beautiful.The map resemble the game of thrones intro map,with more details.There are hills,mountains,rivers,forests,swamps that add tactical value in battle and city building-planing.As you can see from the screenshots the world map is like nothing you have ever met in any other game!Tactical combat may seem somewhat ""hollow"",as you can only deploy your troops and then choose their targets or the tile to move on,but after some battles you'll realize that its not that simple as it seems.There are many parameters that count in battle such as height,wooded areas,swamps,capabilities a unit can have such as soul liching.And you can change the armour and the weapons of your units to make even stronger,more defensive or more aggressive etc.The downside effect from equiping your units with the latest and heaviest armour possible,its an initiative value decrease and more turns to build it.Combat take place on the map tiles you meet the enemy,so its imperative to choose the battlefield wisely,even more if the enemy outnumbers your army.The values that count ingame are quite common,dust for coinage,materials for building/training,food and research.There are many luxury resources,that keep your population happy,and more important military resources that allow you to build stronger armours and deadliest weapons to outfit your units.Diplomacy is still under costruction,but there are many options other from war and peace,such as alliances,trade pacts and many more.One faction which is trade oriented cannot declare war (although they have strong defencive armies and a trade embargo capability that can be really pain in the #%@#!?) and another faction is in a costant war mode (necrophages) because of their all consuming or die nature.The market.You can hire heroes,units,trade resources that your areas lack or have in abundance (military resources to build that shining new armour),all these options are quite common.BUT you can hire privateers,mercenary units that bare no banners and attack your enemies without declaring war.An option quite unique,that is quite useful in certain circumstances.The game is still in a beta face,there are many features still missing,but its quite stable (never had a crash),it can run on a low-middle spec machine really nice (mine is i5,8gb ram,int.graph.card) and the immersion is its greatest value.Great story,unique factions and neutrals and a world you have never met before.9.555559/10If only my boss could take some extra vacation time...."
,Recommended,289130,13979463,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,CupcakesArePain,Dragons are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,289130,13982127,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Turbonblue,Just buy it.
,Recommended,289130,13987657,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Decemberwolf,"This game very much reminds me of Civ Beyond the Sword if the game had been fleshed out more. All the good stuff that Civ brought, with a very delicious and minty-fresh twist added in with the likes of heroes. The unit count is a bit on the short side (4 different units per faction) but the storyline and depth more than make up for this."
76561198020139978,Recommended,289130,13988587,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,monk3ytouch3r,It's pretty...
76561197998527703,Recommended,289130,13996829,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Huskerarob,"It's called endless legend, but ends at 300 turns. xDI really want to love this game.  I love playing it.  There are just so many bugs.  If it's not your army getting stuck , it's the round getting glitched out.  After 300 turns it crashes every 3-4 turns.  It would be nice to play once it works better.  I'll check it out again in a few months.  It's utterally un-playable in its current state.The non-stop winter after 300 turns is annoying as well.Wish there was a maybe on the recommend button.Example.The crash report folder names ""2015-1-10_122026"" net to game excutable.The crash report folder names ""2015-1-10_122720"" net to game excutable.The crash report folder names ""2015-1-10_124734"" net to game excutable.The crash report folder names ""2015-1-10_125312"" net to game excutable."
76561197964252901,Recommended,289130,13997309,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Dolon,Now normally I'm not too much into games like Endless Legend. It was on sale and I kinda liked the look and feel of the game. So I watched some YouTube videos and was convinced. This game is awesome.
76561198075282762,Recommended,289130,13973955,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,benjamin.havery,"Plays like the first of a new generation of 4X games, with stunning visuals and distinct faction narratives. Strongly recommend!"
,Recommended,289130,13976561,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Citrus,This game is great! A really good take on the 4x strategy games with added features and great graphics. Better than what Beyond Earth has started off with
76561197980238865,Recommended,289130,13979235,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Blarghalt,"Before I type anything else, let me preface this review by saying that the thumbs up I give this game is a very, very hesitant one.Right. Endless Legend is a game by Iceberg Interactive, the strapping folks behind Endless Space. The general consensus for that is while it was a competent 4X with a very good interface, there was very little actual ""meat"" to be had.And honestly, that's how it feels here.The game itself is like any familiar 4X: you start out with a hero (who can settle your first town), along with a few token soldiers to help you explore the world. Bigger cities mean more gold, and more production, and more research.However, Endless Legend throws a few other things into the mix. Some work, some don't.First, there's the quest system. Every race has their own unique quests, along with rather generic ones that anyone can get. And honestly, most of the quests are rather dull. Usually some iteration of ""go to X"". Most of them just feel plain unsatisfying to complete, and feel like a chore.Second, there's the Empire Plan mechanic. 20 turns into the game, you get to set an Empire Plan, which gives your civilization buffs depending how many infulence points you have to spare towards the investments. Once again, it was good to see Iceberg experiment with something new in a 4X, but implementation was lacking.The one thing I did really like was the villager system. Villages are small settlements that belong to minor races, and you can recruit their special units through either defeating them in battle or bribing them. It was something that really made me feel like I was building an empire through a foundation of alliances and trade, which is always nice.The biggest problem this game has, and it's something that's hard to quantify, is that the game just feels *slow*. And not because of its demands on the computer, but just the pace of the game itself. Characters, even on the fastest setting, still take forever to lumber across the map and use up their move points, the battle system is largely the same, and there's just no 'snap' like you'd feel in Civ IV, or Gal Civ II, or hell, even Fallen Enchantress.And this last one is a personal thing, but I've always hated the ""magic is actually forgotten technology"" setting. It just leaves a sour taste in my mouth.You might notice I've said a lot of bad things about this game, but I'm still recommending it. Well, despite its flaws, it's still a rather addictive and competent 4X. It's got its problems, very avoidable ones, but it has a very solid base. If Iceberg's willing to make the effort, they could turn this from a mediocre 4X to one of the greats."
,Recommended,289130,13743661,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Gwynbleidd,"Highly recommended. I consider it better than CIV. The artwork is amazing, the gameplay has depth, and you can tell the devs love their creation and their community. Even if you don't like these types of games, buy it anyway to support them! :D"
76561198059921269,Recommended,289130,13874883,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ppsycho985,I dont think I have played a game that has consumed this much of my time since Icewind Dale was released way back when I was young. The gameplay is very well developed. I love the way they built the factions and worked the world into the endless universe and the faction quests are an amazing extra. Play this game.
,Recommended,289130,13847104,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,[iH] Professor JRC,"I love my strategy games, always have. I've logged hundreds of hours on games like Civ V, XCOM EU etc. So I would call Turn Based Strategy possibly my favourite type of game.Endless Legend lives up fully as an entry into the genre. The mechanics spice up the standard a bit, adding close citizen and unit management that any strategy lover will micromanage every turn. The way each Empire/Faction has its own bonuses is a lot more extreme than most games I've played, one not being able to do anything peaceful, or one who cannot declare war, but it adds something to each playthrough, and being able to make your own faction is interesting as you weigh up the pros and cons of various aspects. The sheer customisation to your own unique playstyle is brilliant.  The approach to technologies can be a little bit frustrating, as each tech increases cost, and advancing through eras after you research 9 of the 14 or so technologies leaves some unresearched, but I can see the point of forcing you to make decisions as to what you want/need.Quests are a feature I've never really seen in a game like this before, but they are pulled off perfectly. The randomly generated aspect can wear a little thin when you have repeated random quests after you've seen a large number, but they remain a useful extra thing to do. Additionally, the main storyline quests for each faction is perhaps the most fun way to win a game as you unravel the Lore and story of your chosen faction, but obviously lacks a little replayability once you've heard the story once.Combat is unusual, as the game pauses and your armies interact on a sort of chess-board mechanic, lasting 6 moves or until defeat. It requires some thinking, but is easy enough to get to grips with the different classes of Infantry,Ranged, Support. However, the introduction of powerful Hero characters is very well done, each type buffing or helping your army (or city if you prefer), and being a strong presence on a battlefield.Finally, there are the graphics, and I don't think I can say much more than they are absolutely beautiful. The way the land is randomly generated is really unique, and each area is rendered in stunning quality. In each loading screen a piece of artwork from your faction is displayed, and in quest screens and so on and so forth. Put simply, Endless Legend has some of the finest artwork I have ever seen in a game, and I take my hat off to their artists.In conclusion, this game I picked up in early December has very possibly nicked top spot for my GOTY, and I heartily reccomend it to anyone who is either a fan of strategy games, or is looking to try out a fine example of one.TL;DR:Beautiful game, very fun mechanics, breath of fresh air in Turn based Strategy. If you are a strategy fan, it's a must have, and if you're at all interested in the genre, I can reccomend it wholeheartedly."
76561198053872458,Recommended,289130,13818406,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,mario_rew,"A very nice game, largely based on various Sid Mayer concepts, but one of the best new ones. I specifically enjoyed the music and general ambiance,In terms of gameplay it is solid and with depth, with a large and interesting tech tree and lots of new stuff to consider and discover. At the higher difficulty levels though I still find it more difficult than it should be.Overal a very good game!"
76561198032773574,Recommended,289130,12280576,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,cj7822,"Quite honestly I was on the fence on whether or not to make the purchase on this game.  The screenshots and overall favorable reviews is what sold it to me.  I'm a huge fan of the 4x strategy games and with that being said, I was NOT disappionted in the slightest way with Endless Legend.Some of the pros with this game include the graphics.  Great graphics, especially when compared to games like Civ and Fallen Enchantress.  The units and factions are also completely fresh.   There are your typical archers and melee units which are both essential to any 4x game but take my word for it, a lot of units are at least slightly different and most are really cool (Especially on your first few play throughs when you first encounter them).  Another pro for me is the added involvement regarding the city building aspect of the game.  Each time your city gains population you gain a ""Worker"" that you can place in specific parts of the building/production within your cities.  If you need buildings or units produced more quickly put more of your ""Workers"" in the production.  Technologies not getting researched fast enough place them into the science slot etc.With this being said, the game isn't without it's downfalls (In my opinion).  I prefer to have more control over my units during combat.  I would rather control each unit for each move.  This isn't the case in Endless Legend.  When your units are involved in a a battle you basically follow the certain steps.  First off, the battle map is basically a zoomed in portion of the current location of the map that unit is currently on (This for me is actually a plus and definitely a welcomed change).  However, the battle sequence leaves a bit to be desired.  To start you basically have to place your units.  Then you select what you want them to do whether it be to attack a specific unit or if you have a healing unit etc. you decide who you want them heal etc.  The battle then ensues until the next turn where you have the option to change your strategies and the battle sequence proceeds as previously mentioned.  Some may prefer this method as it is simplified but I prefer battle sequences like Age of Wonders 3.The modifications also leave a little to be desired for me as well.  Personally I love that fact in Fallen Enchantress where you can outfit your heroes with anything and it shows on the character, not only on the character screen but when you see them in the world too.  With Endless Legends this portion is true in regards to the weapon and Shield only.  Any new armor etc can be equipped but you will not see them.Overall I do recommend the game and it has kept me busy for about 16hrs since purchase and I'll be busy for many more hours because of the differences it offers to the genre.  It is fun and when I want a slight change in units/factions/city buidling I'll be starting this one up!"
76561198047242265,Recommended,289130,12284299,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Chronosam,"Great game with great mechanics. I was a bit unhappy at first when I learned each race only had three race-specific units, but the customization of units and minor faction units more than makes up for the lack of diverse race-specific modeling.The game does a great job of keeping development and technology moving forward, while maintaining a medieval, fantasy world.All in all, if you're tired of Civ V, and disappointed in Warlock, this just might be for you."
,Recommended,289130,12285482,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Master Hetzer,"I've sunk many hours into this game ever since I had to take a few days off after getting sick. I've played through several full games as the different factions and found that each of them is very unique. I'd say that this is the biggest thing that the game has over Civilization V. If you're at all interested I recommend you read up on each of these because it would take too long to explain here. The other two big differences are a quest and combat systems. Unlike Civ5's city state quests, they don't involve racing other factions or killing another city state(there are none). They're a bit more interesting and present some semblance of a story for each of the factions. Of course, there's not much depth to be expected of quests in a 4X game, but they do make the game a bit more interesting. The combat system, on the other hand, isn't very good and is kind of tedious, especially because of the slow animations. So I wouldn't recommend picking this game up just becasuse you like turn-based combat. But still, it's there and does add SOME depth to combat which would otherwise just be RNG-based.I recommend this game, but I'm also not sure if it feels done yet. I've been playing on the 'Hard' difficulty and I've found that diplomacy and other AI behaviors are a bit irrational. I hope this is something that will be addressed in a future patch. I expect it to be."
,Recommended,289130,12285607,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Strangeway,"I just lost 7 hours of my life playing this game... and if I wasn't so tired I'd be diving back in to lose 7 more!  Very very solid game.  Love the combat and the interface is brilliantly designed, keeping all of my important info easy to access and understand.  In short, I find this game a ton of fun, which is what I look for in any game!  My only gripe is the lack of keyboard shortcuts for all the main game functions.  Otherwise, this purchase is a no-brainer.  Well done."
76561197987225813,Recommended,289130,12286098,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,arkenian,"Hmmm.  Overall this game has somewhat less complexity than Civ (for good or for ill) and I find the documentation poor (for example it is difficult to understand the deep details of the victory conditions.)  That said it is as addictive as all strategy games.  And it gets many points for the differences in gameplay between each race, while they still seem balanced.  This vastly increases replayability and impressed me."
,Recommended,289130,12292181,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,tellus82,"If you like civ5 you might like this, in some areas it's not as polished and definetly not as high budget but when it comes to having fun this isn't far off, only thing that it might be lacking is voice overs during play. Another thing this game could benefit from would be scenario type games, skirmishes with very special conditions and goals, as it is now you are limited to the normal ""skirmish"" type, that said you have alot to tweak and choose from.In short 4/5 considering it's price."
76561197995256732,Recommended,289130,12292656,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Catonian,"Hopelessly addictive! 8 wonderfully unique factions that all seek to win the game in different ways. Has a relatively steep learning curve since the tutorial does not teach you everything. I've already put 25+ hours into the game (in the past two days, no less) and there are still things I don't understand or know how to do (trading has baffled me).But the game is immensely fun with both tried and true traditional 4X game play mechanics and a bunch of new ones. Haven't played Endless Space, so I can't compare the two, but I'll definitely be keeping an eye out for when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,289130,16406021,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,KhazM,"A very solid 4x game.  Each race plays COMPLETELY different from each other, combat is terrain dependent and requires tactical positioning, and each method of victory is achievable.  Questing and exploration allows very unique and replayable experiences.  Custom races are possible, allowing you to cherry pick which race attributes and technologies you like to start with."
76561198041811263,Recommended,289130,13142962,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,RSZealot,"This game was on the Steam Exploration Sale Top Sellers List twice at once, that should say a lot.I've been following this game for some time, and I have to say this might be my favorite 4X since the Civ Series. The Visions of The Unseen ""Patch"" fixed my biggest gripe with this game and finally added some flavour to the dialouge when interacting with the A.I.In no particular order, the pros and cons:+ Fanatstic aestethic that provides a fantastical world which feels fresh in a sea of generic fantasy worlds.+ Factions are interesting, diverse and fun to play as and against. There are Vampiric Ghost Knights; Pacifist Dragons; Deranged Slavers who rebel against the god-like creatures who made them; Mages who draw magic from pain, and more.- They are however, a bit too specialized.+ Most factions have incomparable gameplay, for example the Broken Lords don't need Food, but use Dust (Money) instead; the Cultists have only one city, but can take over Minor Factions outside their territory; The Roving Clans can move their cities; so on and so forth.+ Unit customization is great, allowing you to choose what gear your soldiers have.- Faction Creation, however, is basic at best. You really just give an already existing faction a new name and some new bonuses, you still have the same units, heroes and even quests.+ Developers give players a lot of input, holding votes and contests to determine what to add to the game.- They rejected my Faction in the contest. But I'm totally not bitter about that...+ All their games (Endless Legend, Endless Space, and Dungeon of the Endless) fit together and form a story, but you don't need to play the other games to understand what's going on.All in all, I recommend this game. It is definitively worth the price, and I would recommend the Emperor Pack too, as the extra goodies make it all more interesting."
,Recommended,289130,27614069,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gorgutz Ead' Unta,Dope♥♥♥♥♥♥fam
,Recommended,289130,27617257,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Touston,"A wonderful 4x without all the baggage then has built up in other series with a wonderful unique setting.Best bit is that soundtrack though. Listened to it longer than I've played, I swear."
,Recommended,289130,13689443,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,kurt cobain,"soundtrack is just wonderfull, the game itself is wonderfull, 12/10 would bang"
,Recommended,289130,27612621,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RussyRecon,"Pretty fun alternative to Civilzation, with a more interesting story and unique races that differ from others by more than just a building or unit."
,Recommended,289130,25877168,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,027,More variety than Civ and really intriguing on its own.
,Recommended,289130,13676599,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,White Snake,This game cured the disappointment within me that was placed there by Civ BE.  Thank you Endless Legend.  Thank you for saving me from the clutches of Dhargov the blood-lord of the 4th circle of hell.  I will forever be in your debt.  Stay Endless....Stay Legend.....Steel Rain.....
,Recommended,289130,13657200,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Rocinante,"You ever just really want a baked potato?Because I just really want one now, with some cheese."
76561198077184124,Recommended,289130,23443385,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Metazealot,"Amazing turn based strategy game. The city management and especially the army customization hooked me, as well as how different the mechanics for each race manage to be. They all feel very unique.Recommend this to any fan of Civ or other similar strategy games."
,Recommended,289130,11201243,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Damarus,"Has been an absolute blast playing online with friends.  One of the few turn based and 4x games I've played in a while, and have enjoyed it a lot."
,Recommended,289130,16439044,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Adam Noah Levine,"often overlooked because it seems to be a civ knock-off, but actually contains so much more content than civ games do. the way the map is designed could be improved, but overall very fun, every faction has its own unique gameplay and each dlc is worth it. The art style is probs my favorite thing about it and it amazes me that the devs are still pouring in their time to support the game even making new dlcs and stuff."
76561198066645878,Recommended,289130,15537840,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,The Gentleman,"This is an amazing game. It takes what Civilization did and adds far more details and ideas. However there are a couple bugs (Random error messages that dont to anything, Crashes when exiting (Which is arlright as I was already exiting). So I would get this game... AFTER a zou wait a bit to make sure the major bugs are gone."
76561198142376270,Recommended,289130,12161464,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Gwendalith,"Very much surprised, and in a very happy way. Awesome game. Just as good as Civilization. As addictive, highly stable, nice and clean graphics. Very, very well done. I wish all ""version 1"" could be just as well polished and stable as this one. Highly recommended. You like 4x? a Fantasy setup? Don't hesitate. I even recommend to go for the founders pack for the little etras and higher support to this great studio.A must in any steam collection."
,Recommended,289130,12161599,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Tyrant19,"Amplitude Studios strikes again! With a universe created in Endless Space (go check that out too), they bring the 4X turn-based strategy to a single planet with eight unique and interesting factions all readyto do whatever it takes to survive. The art style across the game from the anamoly-filled landscape to each factions' buildings, units, and their abilities are superb and enhanced by an enjoyable soundtrack. Hours have come and gone with this game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,289130,12162090,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ShadeDragon,"This game is everything I had hoped Warlock: Master of the Arcane and Elements would be.The game at it's core is a 4x strategy game. You build towns and armies, develop them and conquer the world or become the world's leader through the several other victory types. However the implementation is better, with clever changes to many of the mechanics:Combat is handled through tactical battles on the world map. Once hostilites start an area of the map is sectioned off to be used as the battle field, allowing you to know the terrain beforehand. though exploiting that is a little difficult. Rather then precise commands you give broad directions or targets in combat, which makes battles quick and brutal compared to other 4x games with tactical combat.Towns hold a territory/province stopping town clustering though town placement is very important since the town only gathers resources from ajacent tiles, though extractors can be built on far away strategic or luxury resources. Additionally provinces have minor factions who can be convinced to join you via quests or bribes, or wiped out and built back up. These minor factions provide free workers and can be incorporated into the empire to give faction wide bonuses along with new units.Units are quite customizable. You can choose from a few different armor and weapon types that vary depending on the type of units. The factions only get a few types of units which can then be customized to fit different roles and more unit types can be gained from the minor factions.The factions themselves have quite a bit of variety from some factions which don't take food, to others that can't declare war, to another that cannot not be at war and even one that can only build one super town. Factions can also be customized, though the default factions seem to use more points then you get. Additionally the factions have interesting backstories that are fleshed out more on their faction specific quests.So far the only real complaint I have is that the game is not balanced towards large maps. Expanding is punishing until high level techs are researched making much of a larger map unused. Otherwise this is probably the best 4x game I have played in awhile."
,Recommended,289130,25883084,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,❤ Pantywig,"I find it much more enjoyable than the CIV series, IMO it does these things better:-Combat (Feels much more tactical)-Theme (More fantasy)-Unit Customization (Interesting take on building units)-Settling-Heroes (I guess the comparison would be great people in CIV)If you haven't already, try it out, it's a good game. Although if you're already deeply indoctrinated by CIV you may just be frustrated by the differences."
76561198008168929,Recommended,289130,19479611,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,X∀©H,""".... like endless Dust covering Auriga's surface, so shall this be covered with endless reviews from many places....""- A latecomer who was here."
,Recommended,289130,13769134,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Elucidus,"Endless Lendend is an excellent game.  It has features of Civilization and Age of Wonders (among others).  In fact, the combat is like a cross between the two.  It has its own unqiue features and flavor as well, like the way the winters work.  Definitely, recommend this one!"
,Recommended,289130,28767385,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dard,"I bought this game a few days ago and I have decided it's my favorite 4X I have ever played. I have played Civ IV, V and VI; Offworld Trading Company and Sins of a Solar Empire (RTS but still 4X) and those games are all nice but Endless Legend does the genre so perfectly for me.I give it a perfect score."
,Recommended,289130,17978753,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Skulbow,"It took me around three tries to get into this game as at first coming from Civ V it was a little too , over complicated, different and strange but then bam, I seemed to get the hang of it and now I love the mechanics of the game...You just have to give it a go, experiment and make mistakes and you will do that very much so in the beginning.The tech tree is quite complicated and daunting at first, the quest system can be very distracting and it is slower paced game than Civ V. You have heros who can either lead an army or govern a city and all this takes management. There is some similarities with Civ but also big differences. You have heros to level up as well as troops and this is more comlicated than army upgrades in Civ V. You have districts to upgrade.Apart from that you send settlers out to start cities, you can take over enemy cities with armies and you have diplomacy which is different from Civ V.All the races play differently and each has its own quest line. All in all a very good addictive game which once again like civ is one more turn!!!"
76561198003141183,Recommended,289130,13763976,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DoctorD,I really liked the game play - lots of new twists to this genre.  The graphics and sound are great ... lots of depth to the different races and heroes.  I also like the randomy generated maps for replayability
76561198008053826,Recommended,289130,15491881,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Neshamah,I am a fan of Endless Space so I was eager to see how they handled the whole 'magical world' scenario.  This is actually a better game than Endless Space.  I very much like this game.
76561198031905307,Recommended,289130,15882524,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,odin87654321,"If you like 4x games in the tradition of Civ, you should easily like this game.It isn't a clone by any means- the city district, 1/city per region, and quest system are all quite distinct- but an easy reccommend if you enjoyed Civ.(The Devs also have this habit of adding free content from time to time, which is hard to view negatively.)"
76561197976726164,Recommended,289130,14603727,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,theshadowcult,"The best civ style strategy game out there. It has it's own faults, like small bugs, but none of them interfere with the gameplay. It's well balanced and every race has very diferent styles of play to give you variety in strategy. This also gives the game longer life span than others of it's type, which is already immpressive given the nature of 4x games."
76561198043612402,Recommended,289130,21455443,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Zezillik (IFS),Got me into 4X games with its amazing visuals. Kept hold of me with diverse factions and great gameplay.
,Recommended,289130,29323767,Posted: 17 January,all,Vorpal Soul,Endless legend is a great 4X turn-based fantasy strategy game which requires a bit more strategy than other games I played so far. It may be difficult to understand at first 5-10 hours of gameplay. Once you master it becomes fun to play.Highly recommended to all turn-based strategy players.Soundtrack is AWESOME
,Recommended,289130,12724833,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Pastaroni,Dragons?!?! In Skyrim??!?!
76561198241515448,Recommended,289130,18106713,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,macmanos2002,"Great civilization 4x game, full of lore, decisions, immersion, and colorful."
,Recommended,289130,19724025,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ZessdAzBro,"110 hours in 2 weeks, 50 in the first 3 days, it ain't bad."
,Recommended,289130,13561096,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DeadPool,"I like the CIV series, but i love Endless Legend... brilliant 4x game."
76561197992052821,Recommended,289130,25891238,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Gary Busey,This game is a lot of fun.  I loved the map and how it reminds me of a table top game almost.  If you like turn based games you should like this one.
,Recommended,289130,25891656,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,IHOPTDK,Good game. More or less a fantasy version of the Civ games if that's more your thing.
,Recommended,289130,25891136,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,microcreep,One of my favorites.
,Recommended,289130,25878640,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Amazingnoobman,"This game is bay far one of the best 4X games that I have played. This game has a very large amount of depth to it's mechanics just with what is available in the vanilla game. The factions of the game are very diverse, much more diverse than Civ V's civilizations are. The soundtrack to this game is top notch and really lets you sit down and relax while playing it. Each expansion improves or adds other mechanics in/to the game and some add new factoins to play as. An important thing to know about using any of the DLC in multiplayer is, as long as the person hosting the game has DLC every single person playing that sessoin also gets to use it. So if you want to try out some of the extra content go to the forums and ask if anyone with dlc wants to play a game to try it out. With a new DLC comming on October 14th the community is sure become more active. Thus it might be a good time to try it out. All in all it's a wonderful game and I highly recomend you try out this gem!"
,Recommended,289130,25881210,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,soldierswitheggs,"It's a good strategy game.  Also, the surge of negative reviews about this game have nothing to do with its quality.  They are the result of a bunch of Chinese players who are angry that the game developers took down a Chinese translation mod.  However, the only reason the developers took down the mod was because it linked to a pirated version of the game, and the mod creator refused to remove the link.I'm sure it sucks not to be able to play the game in your native language, but due to the circumstances surrounding that unfortunate result it's really not a valid reason to negatively review the game."
76561198015424808,Recommended,289130,25890804,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,MagicJohnson,One of the best (if not the best) 4X game I've ever had the pleasure to play. Amplitude has created great lore and fantastic unique factions that truly feel and play differently. I would recommend this game to any gamer.
76561197994220626,Recommended,289130,25890885,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,pizzapicante27,"A true evolution in the genre, that the devs thought of this game is amazing, that they implemented it so well is nothing short of little miracle."
76561198026092567,Recommended,289130,25878800,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,PenguinTod,Very enjoyable 4X game with some innovative ideas and very divergent factions. Highly recommended!
76561197970637776,Recommended,289130,25891023,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Beast,"A very fun, interesting and deep strategy game.  One of the few 4X games to try new ideas (and succeed)."
76561197976414108,Recommended,289130,25891289,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Illvin,"If you even slightly like 4X games, buy this masterpiece of a game. It's basically Civ 5 except fantasy and a little more complex. It's cool to see the tiny details in the game, like little dwarf people using the titanium axes that you made them. An amazing and truly unique game. 5 out of 5."
,Recommended,289130,25891468,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Techniciann9ne,Good game. Alot of quest and challenge
,Recommended,289130,25891613,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Arkata,Beautiful.
76561198082069507,Recommended,289130,14571082,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,starwarclon,"you build civlstion as one of selcet group of races . such as hugry bugs ,stormtroopers with crossbows,desert people, elves that got bored of the forset,people who us sand as gold, some robot pupet things trying create the free masons , dragons and goths"
,Recommended,289130,18145623,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Paman,MONEYMAKINGMONEYMAKINGMONEYMAKINGWinter: Hello!MOTHERFKER
76561198041874815,Recommended,289130,31679035,Posted: 11 May,all,Skuzzles,"Pros:- Game is gorgeous to look at- Music is lovely to listen to- UI is soooo easy to navigate- Really good game customisation- Very well paced, good curveCons:- battles are terrible, just auto all of them- custom races can be OP OP (eg. cultists with 50% borough street cost reduction)- some race quests are harder than others- alot of the game mechanics are locked behind the DLC ;-;"
76561198335559446,Recommended,289130,28079463,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SconesNHoes's,"The tiles could be a bit clearer. Anyway. enough about the game. Let's talk about me. I was born down by the Mississipi river with my grandmother Alberta screaming. Why? Casue of the ♥♥♥♥ing crocodile of course!! Anyway, let's make turn based strategy games great again! Israel for life. [drops mic]"
76561198086210829,Recommended,289130,15463186,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,shi6an,nice
,Recommended,289130,13165166,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,a mistake,It's alright.
,Recommended,289130,20500150,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Shenanigans,"It is a great, fresh take on 4X strategy games for those familiar with civ. The single city per state, army combinations, and unit armament bits make the game interesting enough for the casual turn-based strategy player but also plenty of depth for those wanting more. The unique take on combat with the terrain expansion somewhat chess match makes end game combat very engaging. I have yet to play on really high difficulty, but the AI seems balanced."
,Recommended,289130,20487487,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Prickster,"Coming from a guy who doesn't really like(and sometimes loathes) turn-based/empire management/4X games, I'd say this is a great game for the likes of me."
,Recommended,289130,13675980,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Waffles,This game has consumed my life.GG
76561198063554671,Recommended,289130,14058188,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,The Alm,"A very good new 4X strategy game. If you are a fan of you Civ or other 4X Strategy games you should definetly get this instead of something like Civ: Beyond Earth. It has an interesting combat system ,which along with heroes and custamizable loadouts for troops, can make battles very dynamic. Even though there are only 8 playable factions, they are all unique and have very different styles of play. The MInor factions also vary up the game as they are like a mix of barbarians and city states. You can decide to befriend them and have them join your empire, or you can eradicate them and force them to join you, leaving them alone isn't really an option as they will constantly spawn hostile units. Overall, The game is amazing and is the best strategy game of 2014 in my opinion so you should definetly buy it, especially during a sale."
,Recommended,289130,13544824,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Major Falcon,"Bar none the most polished, entertaining, deep, and replayable 4x hex-based strategy game I have ever played.  A MUST buy!"
,Recommended,289130,12240587,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,neven87,"4x game focused more on emire building. Diverse factions, intresting stories, lots of room for cutomization of maps and units.Battle system isn't the greatest, but it is fair.Closest thing to a Civ game with a rich fantasy world."
76561198027420068,Recommended,289130,15666195,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,sodamoeba,"Amazingly immersive music and art, which makes this an incredibly fresh 4X experience for me.  Really needed a 4X with a sci-fi twist after Civ Civ Civ Civ Civ."
,Recommended,289130,13900280,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Rhado,"Imagine if Civ tried to be a fantasy RPG where you have minor factions (e.g. dwarves, orcs, etc.) instead of barbarians that you can assimilate into your empire and gain their units for production. Then imagine each major faction has a wierd modification that completely changes the way you play the game such as: removing food as a resource and making you buy citizens and repair units with dust (money), forcing you to only have one city that can become a super city, or being able to pick up your cities and walk them over to another tile and plop them down, as well the ability to craft your own faction.Thats about half of the features of this game."
,Recommended,289130,14270981,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Amélie,"It feels like someone played civ 5, liked it but knew there were some issues. So they made a more complex fantasy game with a cool universe and good music."
,Recommended,289130,12510352,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,WillxE,"I love this game.Very detailed , good graphicRecommended for those who love stratergy game."
,Recommended,289130,25882297,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,altamyer,great game! every faction has their own unique way of playing (and faction story mission). most DLC change the way the game is played significantly. if you like 4x game.. you should at least try it..
76561197993444385,Recommended,289130,25881566,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ZamSam,"Great game with interesting different races (not like most 4X where most races just have different skins), interesting mechanics, soothing graphics and a great soundtrack to top it."
76561198113116049,Recommended,289130,25881947,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sir Jarr,"Endless Legend is a great game that has only gotten better with each of its expansions. I've played this game for far too long, but i've enjoyed every moment - a beautifully robust 4X experience."
,Recommended,289130,25882025,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kitimon,It's a great game. The recent onslaught of negative reviews is only due to the Chinese community acting out because they're not allowed to pirate this game.
76561198025000804,Recommended,289130,25882042,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Someone3,"A fantastic 4x fantasy game. Ignore the hate, it's the result of a backlash from chinese players over a mod. They organised a downvote brigade."
76561197974026996,Recommended,289130,25882358,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Lazy Wolf,A fantastic 4x game that I keep playing. Varied factions and well designed and interesting game mechanics. Anyone looking for a fantasy Civ will find a great amount to be happy with here.
,Recommended,289130,12881986,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Saber15,"A beautifully thought out game. Gorgeous environments, a simple but powerful UI, unique factions, and an amazing soundtrack.Amplitude have taken all of Endless Space's criticism into account when designing Endless Legend, and it shows. While ES suffered from generic races, every race in EL has unique abilities and aesthetics; Ardent Mages can create temporary pillars to boost production, the Roving Clans cannot declare war but can engage in false-flag operations, etc."
,Recommended,289130,13864406,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Mer | Curry reaching Maternity,"lost my job, sold my house, right now im playing in UFO. Best Strategy game eva"
,Recommended,289130,13751619,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SabreTheMoment,This has got me back into 4x games. Good job Amplitude.
76561198037215967,Recommended,289130,15450220,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,alfian.zu,9/10. too bad there's no story mode/story campaign. make it like starcraft/warcraft story mode then i'll give it 12/10.
,Recommended,289130,13551368,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Khalagar,"A fantastic game with deep and interesting lore and unique factions. The art style is extremely good and the graphics are excellent.The game play is kind of like a mixture of Civilizaton V and Eador, but more fun than either. If you are a fan of 4X games and strategy games then this game would be a worth while investment, I can already tell I'm going to be putting a LOT of time into this game"
76561197969376559,Recommended,289130,19162471,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Steevodeevo,"Awesome game, probably the best terrestrially based x4 strategy game, bar none. Getting ever more polished and feature rich with every carefully crafted expansion."
76561198050445251,Recommended,289130,14020750,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,acajub,Better than Civ
,Recommended,289130,15239456,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rooleyrools,"Very nice art, music, lore and gameplay. There isn't a reason not to get this if you have the money but would recommend getting this on a sale rather than full price."
76561198045036677,Recommended,289130,20529466,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Lucient,"About a year ago I bought Civ 5 and fell in love with the game. I found myself playing all the time and seeming to never get bored with it. Eventually though I managed to play it into the ground and had to set it aside. Beyond Earth did not evoke the same feelings that Civ 5 did and I have stayed away from the whole genre until now. Let me say this: Endless Legend looks like what I had always hoped the successor of Civ 5 would look like. If you took Civ 5 and expanded on and improved every aspect you would get something very much like this game. The world is beautiful, the combat is tactical and far more dynamic than civ because of fully customizable units, the different factions are actually DIFFERENT with their own units and distinct playstyles.The only thing that is a little disappointing to me is the lack of noticable difference in gameplay as you advance through the tech trees. Your economy gets much stronger and unit stats go up but you are still using the same units, whereas in civ you go all the way from crude stoneage weapons to a modern military with an airforce and nuclear weapons. I suppose that is the result of having a game take place in a fantasy universe. That aside, however, the game is very fun and any fan of the civ series shouldn't think twice about buying it."
76561198038482457,Recommended,289130,13209680,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Minst_Meat,"Endless Legend is a 4x turnbased strategy game with that plays similar to civ5. Just because it plays like the basics of civ5 mean it is civ5, there is in my opinion many more things that this game has then civ5 does. Each faction is totaly unique and plays completly different then the others, they each have their own lore and each unit looks and acts different from another. Each faction has 4 unique units that have different strengths and weaknesses. Also players start with a ""hero"" which is basically a general from civ5 but that does way more then adding a buff to a unit. There are tons of heros from each faction and each one looks different(heros from same faction has small differences but have different uses) and plays differnetly, one may be used for leading a army by giving it +2 damage while one could be used to govern and town and give it +6 industry. Also every unit can be customized with different equipment to make them stronger as the game goes by, this is simmilar to civ but instead of the unit become a differnet teir(as a musketer becomes and rifleman) the units in this game stay the same except their equipment changes and you can see the difference in appearance do to this change. Also like civ5 there is small factions that are ran by ai, you can add these to your empire by either attacking and defeating them, bribing them, or by completeing quests given by them. Once they join you then you can assimilate them into your empire and then produce their unit that can only be used by assimilating them. The unit is based off that small faction and its appearance is completely differnet to any of the playable factions, there are lots of these small factions that can be conquered by the player. I recomend this game to anyone that loves the Civ games, fantasy or just 4x turnbased strategy game in general."
76561197970886220,Recommended,289130,14695438,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,hasoos,"This is a great game, I am looking forward to when they add more downloadable content.  Very replayable as different races, and with the world generator you can play new worlds over and over.   It would be nice if they would also expand the tech tree more, and give the heroes more abilities to deviate them, but still plenty of fun as is."
,Recommended,289130,13874372,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Praetor Klarg Klem,"A different 4X title, with a heavy weight of lore and just, WORLD, to learn and experience.Every faction feels different, every start is different. It is a unique take on the genre that you can feel the difference in it.The art is beautiful, combat a unique take on using the map as the battlefield, the gameplay flows nicely--if a bit jarring sometimes with the swarm of notifications sometimes--but it absolutely is a title to buy if you like 4X games.Buy it. For serious."
,Recommended,289130,13171814,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ruzihm,"Fixes everything i didn't like in the civ series:Diplomacy actually costs resources to conduct.Tech trees have been scrapped in favor of flat tiers of technologyEach faction is distinct. In civ, there is one trait and two special units. Every unit is special and there are multiple factors distinguishing each faction's strengths, weaknesses, and plain restrictions."
,Recommended,289130,11817884,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,kabuk5,"If you enjoy turn based strategy games and good turn based combat, you MUST buy this game, even with all of its quirks it's an excellent game so far."
,Recommended,289130,16361196,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SaintedSlappy,"This is a superb 4xLite game, New ideas keep the traditional 4x model moving forward preventing being stuck with the ever present ideas in a lot of similar games. The unique factions and their benefits and deficits makes experiementing with all factions a very appealing proposition.The visuals are where this game really soars past all of it's competitors, It is simply stunning to look at with a very distinct and wonderfully coloured enviroment to play in, If you're a fan of 4x or strategy games in general this game is a must."
,Recommended,289130,16588094,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,USB Mass Storage Device,Civilization with playable diplomatic dragons and vampire British sentient suits of armor.
,Recommended,289130,11822690,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,ö,5/5  I've always wanted to live in a world of hexagons filled with numerals
,Recommended,289130,15428592,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,imelman,"The one of the unique,best,strategy games ever.Unique artworks,gameplay,soundtrack,customization and such makes this game worth your time."
,Recommended,289130,15456001,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Skitzat,"Think Heroes of Might and Magic with a touch of Civilization. Definitely a good game, but a high price for a lack luster single player."
76561198087022943,Recommended,289130,14868103,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Knaris,"It's very fun to play, i good stratergy, the combat is good, the 1 city per region idea is, however the diplomacy is not to my liking. The AI's are very aggresive early on and the combat can sometimes feel biast. However minus those things very fun and pleasuable to play. Keep up the good work. And would recommend :)"
76561198084143207,Recommended,289130,13815987,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Arrekusu,Amazing game - still got a few kinks to fix but seems to be nearly there! if you are a fan of Civ then this is like a breath of fresh air.
,Recommended,289130,13535899,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mira,cool version of civ
76561198024300975,Recommended,289130,13548504,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Deku,"If you live CIV Games or Strategy games then you should buy it , i bought it on sale so if its ever on sale just buy it !!8.5/10"
76561198045756757,Recommended,289130,27893504,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CAHOOTS,"Innovated the only mechanic that really set Sid Meier's Civ 6 apart from its predecessor: District mechanics. Combined with factions, a deep world that merges science fiction and fantasy, campaign narratives that motivate the development of your empire, and RPG style unit customization, you have a game that, historical♥♥♥♥♥♥aside, knocked Civilization down from the pinnacle of the 4X genre.Now that Civ 6 has implemented this same special mechanic, it's really just a matter of price. I highly recommend Endless Legend if you can get it on the cheap!"
,Recommended,289130,25886096,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,tanukihat,"Better than Civ 5.TAIWAN #1, CHINA #4"
76561198042413616,Recommended,289130,27068392,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magneto,Anyone that plays the Civ series has no excuse not to have this gem in their library.  It's way more interesting and looks far prettier.  ...I bet Sid Meier plays this in secret..
,Recommended,289130,15829929,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,fish on rice,alec... get this game
,Recommended,289130,19770363,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,unfaced,"This game came a long way since release, where I did not quite get the hang out of it. Now it is really a great kind of game I recommend anyone who like 4x games. This is a must buy"
,Recommended,289130,27002025,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sameji,Imagine if Civ came with all the mods already on it and was actually complicated enough to be fun and then it didn't make a new game with the promise of being better but was actually worse.10/10 will buy all DLC without even looking.
76561198106307169,Recommended,289130,30061096,Posted: 20 February,all,Queen Lydia,"Yes , Yes , yes! mumma like!"
,Recommended,289130,17202071,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,DolmetaL,"It's really a good game, but the only thing that is missing is the possibility of playing with a friend on the same computer"
76561198041032591,Recommended,289130,17183689,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Frostieknight,"I enjoy this game quite a bit. It has a pleasantly addictive quality, although not to the actually-terrifying-I-need-to-eat-and-sleep-as-well levels you get in some games. Admittedly, some of that is in the ""just one more turn"" nature of the 4x genre, but the lion's share is in the solid execution of that premise. Like it's predecessor, Endless Space, and it's... sibling? Estranged cousin? Some kind of relative, Endless Dungeon, it has a great sense of world building and lore, and well designed game mechanics. Comparatively, however, it has a more serious tone than other amplitude games, and features a lot less of the absurd kind of humour that I personally enjoyed, (For instance, the description of the xenolinguistics tech in Endless Space: ""For communications to improve, linguistics must advance beyond dropping pronouns and speaking more loudly"") although admittedly this is a personal preference.If you want a 4x game, i would recommend this, or endless space. ES is a more casual, streamlined experience: combat is simpler, influence points (think diplo points from EU IV) are not present, and the tone is lighter. EL is deeper, and a bit denser, for better and for worse. Combat requires more strategic input, resources have been reworked to require more micromanagement, and, as mentioned, diplomacy and empire management is more complex, as is the story.An 8.5, perhaps a nine out of ten."
76561198081661215,Recommended,289130,17187670,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,starkingdoms.hunter,Great game. Easy to start. Becomes challanging lategame.
76561198030409820,Recommended,289130,27720262,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gtraxxa7,"Currently, this is one of the best games of this kind.It mixes the turn-based, empire management from the Classics, with some deep strategies totally tied to each faction.The factions are fundamentaly different, and it reflects on their playstyle. On one you can only have one City and territory, and at the same time avoid being locked out by the other factions. On another you have to do deep manipulation of ""magic"", or you wont be able to keep up ahead.With the DLC's new factions (and playstyles) are added, making it more and more intense.Graphics are pretty good. Sound too.Overal, I give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,289130,28805478,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ELE,So cool10/10
76561198040382874,Recommended,289130,13951541,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ArahVhel,"a little on the easy side, they are currently refurbishing the diplomacy system, and will change the battle AI (which is kinda dumb at the moment).Best fantasy 4x 2014, I see myself wasting a lot of time in it.Every race feels and play different to some extent-necrophages are really slowed down by not fighting-broken lords don't use food, only money-wild walkers are the most standard-vaulters can teleport from city to city (awesoooome)-cultists can only have one city (super tricky early game, but at least you don't have to strech your defenses, right?)-roving clans can move their city, oh and also prevent people to trade. they rely a lot on munay-drakens are solid, but are really focused on diplomacy (good for mp i'd say, not my taste)-haven't tested the ardent mages yet, but god DAMN their unit hit super hard-mezari are just a reskin of the vaulters at the moment, we're all waiting for a change in their gameplay and main questsQUESTS. ARE. AWESOME!some are fetch quests, granted, but no quest is pointless, some just give you disapointing rewards.Graphics are super cute, units feel all differents. lots of min-maxing and micro-management"
,Recommended,289130,21597439,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Zenstrive,Spent too much time playing Civ V: Brave New World and Civ:Be:Rising Tides.Tried Endless Legend.Got shocked.So different.So colorful.So needed thinking.Refreshing.10/10.
,Recommended,289130,25990210,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Whisp,"Bringing most of the unique races from AMPLITUDE's other Endless games gives this civ-style 4x game a far larger world of strategies than most games in this genre. I highly recommend this game for the interesting lore and visual designs alone. The fact that each faction plays quite differently, with many having their own unique mechanics, is why I enjoy playing multiple matches without falling into a ""general strategy"".There are, however, several sticking points. The combat between armies is very slow when played manually, which under many circumstances you will want to do, as the Auto-Combat AI is nothing more than rushing the enemy troops. In fact, that can be said about the AI players as well; though, they can build and conquer efficiently. Turns in the late game can be quite lengthy as well, with sometimes 1-2 minutes required for a 6-player match.The DLCs are a bit mixed in value and cost, but bundles for them are frequent and serveral add welcome new layers of play to the base game (especially Shadows).Overall, an easily recommended game, and the upcoming expansion may improve upon it again."
,Recommended,289130,13058492,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Livewire11718359,A well made 4x that does a lot of things right. It does have some unit variety and combat depth but makes up for it in management aspects and overall aesthetics. In comparison to my other favorite games such as Civilization 5 and Beyond Earth; I prefer this game when looking into the artwork and the animations.
76561198031754406,Recommended,289130,15455437,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,tejanosaur,Pretty bueno
76561197994641567,Recommended,289130,16546263,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Zen Tractor,"Endless Legend is a great 4X game, which manages to mix the battle and city building aspects better than any other such game I've seen before.  The world map which you build on is the same as the battle map you fight on, and cities get bigger as they build up, taking up more and more physical space in the world.The tech trees and different gameplay styles all feel somewhat balanced; you aren't allowed to research everything at every level, and hence have to pick which sort of civilization and which sort of victory you're heading towards.  However, you never really fall behind in any one resource production, even if you don't focus on it.The combat balance is interesting.  While there is the basis of a great system, units often end up being little more than walking mannequins for your epic armor.Minor factions replace the barbarians found in other games, and add a lot by their presence.  They serve both a combat and a city building role, granting you units to fill the holes in your army composition, as well as a passive bonus to some kind of resource based on how many of their villages you control.To summarise, this is an excellent entry into the 4x genre, and well worth picking up.  A word of warning to those of you who like to turtle: if you're playing multiplayer, youwillhave to build military units."
,Recommended,289130,11983982,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Imperator PhallusBottom,"Endless Legend is like a more complicated and immersive Civilization V. When you play, you truly feel like a king ruling his people."
,Recommended,289130,22522341,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Kreegath,"Endless Legend has the feel of old-school turn-based strategy games, with modern graphics, a great soundtrack and a great variety of factions to play with, most of which *actually* require different playstyles. I've played through all the expansions and I've enjoyed it immensely. It's definately worth your money if you're a fan of turn-based strategy games like Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic. If it's on sale, you should absolutely pick it up!Choosing a faction in Endless Legend is more than just choosing bonus stats, there are actual gameplay differences between them. There's a faction that only can build one city, but spread its influence through neutral civilizations, a faction that don't use food, but buy everything with gold, and a faction that can close out others from the marketplace but who can't declare any wars. I found the gameplay to be varied enough to warrant several playthroughs, atleast once with each of the factions.It does feel like the factions are focused on a specific win condition, so if you play with just one then the game can feel imbalanced. Play with several win conditions and the game balance evens out significantly.The ambience in Endless Legend is amazing as well! The soundtrack blows other games in this genre out of the water, Civ doesn't hold a candle to it. Graphically, I also think Endless Legend outclasses Civ. The game looks great and feels alive and thriving. There's a lot of information on the screen to digest, which takes a while to get used to, but most of it feels pretty relevant.You've got incredible replayability with the customability of gameplay. You can change almost everything concerning the world, you can create your own factions, you can change difficulty and do tons of tweaks in timed turns, timed battles and number of opponents. Actual customability that changed how I experienced the game.When it comes to DLC and expansions, the price quickly racks up fast as each individual piece has a pretty steep price. If you feel like buying one, I'd recommend the Guardians, Shadows and Shifters, in that order. They all ad something significant, but since I don't like spies, Shadows comes in second with its addition of spying. Shifters is priceworthy on sale, I'd say 33% off or more.It's not without flaws, though. There are situations where your quest victory conditions can become unachievable, like when you need to talk to a neutral town and it's been conquered. There's not much to do in these situations, except starting a new game, which can definately become annoying. Especially so if you come upon this problem more than once.The game also tends to slow down over time. However, for me it never got bad enough to actually warrant a restart. For me, it just slowed down enough to be noticable. Not a deal breaker, just something to keep in mind.Finally, and this is purely personal preference, the manual fighting can become an exercise in frustration. You don't have full control of your units, so they can sometimes freak out and run around completely randomly, causing you to miss out on their turn as well as miss out on the turn of the unit who's space the first unit randomly walked to. I'm sure there's a lot of possible strategy and skill involved, but after a while I just started to do auto battles, just like I did in every Total War game to date. The actual battles, to me, become very repetetive very fast, so being able to reliably auto battle was nice.Endless Legend is a good turn-based strategy game. It's got some issues, but seriously solid gameplay, great replayability, nice graphics and a soundtrack you could listen to even outside of the game. It suffers from lots of DLC as well as expensive DLC, even though they all add to the game significantly.If you're looking for a turn-based game like Civ, why not pick up Endless Legend? I think it's more than worth its price. If it's on sale, definately pick it up!"
76561198041372513,Recommended,289130,17892943,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Pinecone,"A truly unique strategy title and a fresh and new addition to the stale 4X genre. Beatiful graphics and art direction, Nine unique playable factions, slick UI, amazing soundtrack, and suprisingly tactical gameplay. My only qualms with it are are a rather uninformative tutorial, and the combat system being stale during smaller skirmishes.9/10."
,Recommended,289130,18038305,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Elf,I used to sleep at night. Used to. Now all I hear is the chime of the End Turn button. Send help.
76561197994785591,Recommended,289130,18047141,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Warpig,"Fantastic take on 4X. If you are faimiliar with the Civ series than you will have a very easy time picking this game up. The music, the setting, the different flavors  of the  fatcions all make this game a great purchase. I really enjoy the flexibility in win conditions, trying to go warmongering on the Roving Clans is tricky, and sooooo satisfing when done right. Tons of replay value, The multi player is very smooth, and the unique take on combat adds an extra amount of strategy that Civ was very much lacking. I actually like that you do not progress through eras or ages as you do in Civ. Also the district style of city growth is very well done and I really like it. all in all a great game."
76561197974493059,Recommended,289130,25976220,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,jgaltx,"I'm giving this game a thumbs up because I think it's a good, well designed game. That said, I have to admit that I didn't enjoy this one as much as I thought I would for two reasons:1. I played Endless Space first and I felt the ""Endless"" system and interface, which are largely the same in both games works better in Space than in Legend. In addition, Endless Space is easier to play and manage than Endless Legend in my opinion.2. This game is in many ways a blantant ripoff of Civilization, and as such I didn't find it as compelling as Endless Space because it felt less original than Endless Space.Is this a quality, well designed game that will provide entertainment for most who play it, yes. That is why I gave it a thumbs up. That said, it's not groundbreaking, original, or unique. If I had to choose between the two Endless games, I would choose Endless Space. I may be in the minority, but there it is. Looking forward to Endless Space 2....."
,Recommended,289130,14819725,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Wu Ziheng,"A must have for any 4X fan.The visuals are simply stunning.The races are quite varied. (8 Total)The gameplay is very reminiscent of Endless Space. (Same devs)The AI... well, the AI may have taken a bonk on the head at birth."
76561197960430862,Recommended,289130,13622625,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Hobokiin,"Mixture of Civilisation and Total War, with little bit of RPG flavour.  Tastes like awesome."
,Recommended,289130,26409635,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[GITS] Jun_,"It's all fun and games until the Necrophages find your base and look at you like ""OOH CANDY!"".This game has a great selection of races each with their own quirks,The Necrophages: Face hungry bug men. (who want to ""Hug"" you.)The Wild walkers: Dryad? no no no. TreehuggerBroken Lords: DID SOMEBODY SAY DUST?!Cultists: Hello good sir would you like to hear about our lord and savior (Insert name here)?Vaulters & Mezari: We are dwarves and we're digging a hole, Diggy Diggy Hole.Ardent Mages: We are the masochist magesRoving Clans: ""Let's take this city and move it over there!""Drakken: Lets rob you using politics!DLC Races (Totally worth btw)Forgotten: (insert Pink Panther theme here)Allayi: Far over, the ,Misty mountian's cold. are bipolar flying rat men.Morgawr: (insert hentai joke here) also YARR HAR FEEDLEE DEE.But in all seriousness this game is highly addicting, Kind of like Civ but better in my opinion.Also, buy it on sale you can get it for an absolute steal."
76561198066417082,Recommended,289130,13639954,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Doombot,I have been looking for a Fantasy themes Strategy game for a while now and was incredibly happy to find Endless Legend and it was on mac os x too!so in short its great! go buy it! Go forth and conquer!
,Recommended,289130,13538657,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Gaminex,"My very first 4X game, Endless Legend grabbed my attention above Civ V and Beyond Earth by forgoing a real life setting in favor of a fantasy one. In that regard, EL surprassed my initial expectations. The world of Auriga is fleshed out,  rich with lore. and full of curious races and factions to cross.Each of the playable factions contain a seperate story campaign to accomplish, and each play quite differently. Your playthrough with the peacful and democractic Drakken will prove very different from your playthrough with the aggressive Necrophages.Gameplay in EL is saturated, but not to a fault (I'm still learning after all!). There's a decent tutorial, but to really sink your teeth into it you'll need to sit down for a campaign. Fortunately there's plenty of ways to personalize a campaign's difficulty and world. Unfortunately, it can become a chore to learn, as there's an abundance of sciences and unit customization. Some unit passives and build paths can be poorly explained, and it'll take some digging on your part to really understand how you should be playing a faction to its potential.Fortunately there's plenty of guides available. The online experience varies, but the community's proven friendly and helpful through many of my matches.If you've ever been curious to try a 4x strategy game, and are prepared to sink in the time to learn, Endless Legend's distinguished high fantasy setting, easy to grasp mechanics, and variety of campaigns/playstyles will keep you engaged for a long while.Easily worth it while on sale, still a good buy without, this'll eat up dozens of hours before you've experienced all it has to offer."
,Recommended,289130,16401050,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Chairswing,"Very neat Turnbased Strategy, enough depth to keep it interesting, some rpg elements like items and skilltrees and i love the artstyle.only con that comes directly into my mind: no hotseat (not possible due to game pacing, all turns are being made simultanously)"
76561197988392568,Recommended,289130,13695679,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,abmpicoli,"REVIEW jun/7/2015: WITH THE GUARDIANS EXPANSION PACK.I have to review this a little: the strategy, both strategic and tactical, can prove challenging depending on the factions you are in... My original review was based mostly on the Wild Walkers faction. Consider it a ""start up"" faction. For *that* faction the decision of what to do is really a no-brainer: build archers, fast... But then there are many interesting decisions to make: I'm playing Vaulters nowadays, and there are some scrutiating decisions:  you have an strategic resource that is also a ""luxury"" resource, the ""holy resource"". Do I expand, and let my cities suffer in unhappiness? Do I use the holy resource as it's bonus?And now we have ""wonders"": achievements that are a district, and that can be upgraded. And also field achievements. All this shows the developers attempts to give a full assortment of strategy options.I still think that the AI kind of sucks, but there is an active community and an attemptive development crew, that is taking a good effort on improving it... The strongest suit of Amplitude Studios... I'm looking forward on what they will show in the next months.ORIGINAL REVIEW:Is it a good strategy game? No. Is it fun? Yes. There is something of a compelling history inside it, and an unique universe. It have many features to explore. And I like very much the developers' attention, where they actually stimulate the flow of ideas.Why I don't consider it a good strategy game (yet): there seems to be balancing issues that makes one way of winning easier than the others. So, if you play on singleplayer to win, you don't fully explore the available options. The decision on how to build your armies seems almost a no-brainer.Why I consider it fun: the ambient, the universe, the history, building cities , exploration, the quest system, the minor factions... Even the way the tech tree works, where you have many optional techs to explore."
,Recommended,289130,27927549,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sothern,Buy it josh.
,Recommended,289130,26152352,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,DeckardSix,"Great game (I recommend it to my friends), beautifull graphics. An interesting mix of RPG and Civilisation (this is not a RPG, but they are some RPG compnonents such as small quests).The only thing I dislike is the AI ""logic"" during attacks.You have a lot of control over so many aspect of the game, why is the AI so frustrating like:- Moving your own troop to block your other units?- Attacking enemy troop at random when the original target is dead- Opening your your line when killing a opponent unit, instead of filling the gap to cover your archers?I wish we had more control over the combat itself, more like Might & Magic."
,Recommended,289130,27911348,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Frank,"A Solid Alternative to CivilizationComing from Civilization, I wanted to try something new for a while, and Endless Legend seems to be the answer.There are some great things in Endless Legend; however, it may not be enough to turn everyone away from CIV.Starting with theProsof Endless:Fantacy world: It's like Beyone Earth done right.Excellent combat system. RTS style of combat, way better than CIV. And if you start a combat near another army or city, reinenforcements will join the combat as well.Hero system: The heroes will enhance your army in different ways. They also level up. Reminds me of Heroes of Might and Magic. They can also govern your cities for you,Army: You can merge upto six units into armies. Your settlers will never be ambushed again.Army customization: You can upgrade weapons and armors on your units. That first unit can still be useful after 200 turns.Better minor faction: Unlike the city-states in CIV, they give you RPG style quests. And once pacified (allied/befrieded) they can be assimilated into your empire, giving you bonuses and ability to train their units.Consof Endless:Terrible Tutorial: I thought CIV's tutorial is bad enough, but Endless is even worse. You have learn so many things on your own. To make it worse, Endless have a higher learning curve to begin with.CIty Expansion: This can be very annoying if you come from CIV. The map is divided into regions, and you can only haveonecity in each region. Therefore, if you want that awesome pile of perls thats on the other end of a region. Good luck with that because you need to build wonders or a specific building in order to expand your city. And building too much of that building increases your unhappiness.Tech tree design: This one is more of a nuisance than a con. The game will proceed if you forgot to research. And the design of the tech tree can be confusing for beginners.Lifeless Diplomacy: No specific music, leaders are voice less. And you need a specific resource, ""influence"", in order to trade. Why?Overall, this game is great. It's definately worth a try if you enjoy strategy games. However, this is a more traditional strategy games which means much more micro-management. Not for the COD generation."
76561197964512150,Recommended,289130,25877770,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,The Seaward,This is a great 4x game with a lot different mechanics than Civilization.
76561198014428260,Recommended,289130,25877922,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SadisticBuddha,"It's a great 4x, I'd play 100s more hours of it if I had the time. The depth of faction selection is immense and feels like very different games each time. Would definitely recommend for any 4x player."
76561198077712315,Recommended,289130,25879719,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Mister Lonely,Literally love this game so much.  It is to date my favorite 4X game of all time.
,Recommended,289130,25904276,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Broschua,Not my favorite 4x game but its up there and 20 times better than fokin civ which hasn't changed in 20 years
,Recommended,289130,25878241,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Subzy,"One of the best 4X games out there. I love the way you have regions so no chance of AI putting up cities in awkard places! The soundtrack, the unique factions add a tonne of replayability. Playing as one faction is SOO different from playing as another."
,Recommended,289130,25877734,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Komos,One of the best and most imaginative 4X games around. The worldbuilding and lore alone make the game worth it.
76561198032138347,Recommended,289130,25879558,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,It'sGMAX!,Great addition to the 4x family.
,Recommended,289130,14524765,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SpuriousTuple,"A hidden gem that is being overlooked because it doesn't have ""Civilization"" in it's title. Amplitude Studios has a real winner here. Don't miss out. And at $35, you don't even have to wait for a Steam sale to get you're moneys worth."
,Recommended,289130,25878491,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Moon Wizard,"Its a pretty neat game!  I like the fact that unlike a lot of other 4X games, it's signifigantly less stacked than other ones.  Meaning you build your cities out, and get benifits for doing it rather than only having upgrades you click on from a list that somehow upgrades the cities without impacting the size."
76561197968330195,Recommended,289130,13773763,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Evalis,"If you have a hankering for turn based strategy, this will appeal to fantasy and non-fantasy fans alike. The hero units (while capable of soloing) are much better placed in organized battle units. Those battles take place on a hexagonal grid with individual unit control! Ruins and the like are balanced in that they provide different rewards based on your current tech level, and while there is a chance to discover a rediculous weapon, it won't be equippable until you have that resource, preventing random steam rolls. Even better though, is that each player benefits from exploration, regardless if another player already did. Letting you play the game at your own pace rather than be rushed into clearing out 'huts'.All of the systems are linked together, tech, cities, heroes, units, exploration and the game is adequately paced (incremental research costs, expansion penalties) so that the game isn't immediately decided once a single player has an edge. There are multiple paths to victory, though probably only 4 of those are unique. And the races play differently to one another, at least 3 of which are notably different enough to completely alter your style of play.The only gripe I have with the game is that the empire editing mechanic is supremely unbalanced. Empire attributes are foolishly priced and empires start with more or less than the starting points they should have. Fortunately this is pretty minor, as effective army and empire design will trump any bonuses you may or may not have.To summarize if you enjoy turn based strategy, this is a must have for your collection."
,Recommended,289130,13050892,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,OverkillEngine,"This game is damn good. Probably helps that it did not come from a AAA mega corp infected dev studio. The UI is slick, performs well, and gameplay aesthetics and elements are very well done. The entire thing just screams polish and actual pride in their work rather than just cranking out game iteration xxxx for a quick buck. Only isse I've had so far is the occasional crash, but the other 99% of the time it runs great.They've been setting a good track record with releases so far, I hope to see them continue it."
76561198012390550,Recommended,289130,13096751,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Capt.Shepard,Such a great game....Having more fun playing this than Playing the CIV series!
,Recommended,289130,25878623,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,DoomedCivilian,Easily one of the better 4x games in recent history.
76561198014887840,Recommended,289130,25877913,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Brand-X,Absolutely the best fantasy 4X ever!
,Recommended,289130,13092800,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,GameBoyz,"This is a great game, so much better than Civ 5, Graphics are great, love the civ managment and battles. Definitely recomend purchasing"
76561198092492948,Recommended,289130,14438737,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,SpiceHawk,"A very good game, 9/10 i'd say. similar to civilization exept diffrent units, military system, and factions. you do get to choose your color, which i thought was cool. the only two things i dislike is that there is no local multiplayer, and that the oceans are nothing but empty area, with no naval units or battles, besides the transport ship, but that is fixed with the tempest expansion. My favorite 4x game by far. certainly worth the money."
,Recommended,289130,13145971,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,InvisibleJim,"Endless Legend is a classic 4x with some unusual and inventive mechanics.  Running on the same system as Endless Space the game uses the 'FIDS' food/industry/dust(money)/science used in Endless Space, another critically acclaimed and frequently expanded and improved title from the same developer.Instead of space 4x this version is one planet 4x fantasy with a twist that the planet undergoes frequent horrible winters that has caused the myriad of unusual cultures living upon it to have to adapt.  In the single player campaign you will receive a unique set of quests related to each of these cultures and how their story evolves.I particularly enjoyed how the individual cultures have their own approaches and inner strengths in addition to having thorough and well worked back stories, e.g. the Broken Lords who do not consume food, but dust to grow and are internally conflicted about consuming the life of others to stay alive or the Vaulters who lived underground until a disaster which forced them to the surface while discovering they are settlers from space.This game also enjoys a much more meaty hex based combat system when compared to Endless Space with its 'roll 3 cards to win battles' system, instead with individual units being controllable.I would recommend this game at any price to 4x strategy fans; on discount I would recommend it to all buyers to try it.  With the currently daily deal at 50% off you can't lose and you are unlikely to find it any cheaper on the christmas sale."
,Recommended,289130,25885853,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Shiki,"One of the better 4X games out there at the moment. With few but very good DLC expensions that are definitely worth the money (a new one coming out soon) and a developer that listens and interacts with the community.Buy it if you like 4X games, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,289130,25885439,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,WhiteRainX,Highly recommend this game. It's quite similar to civ v but in a fantasy setting. The classes you can choose all play quite differently as well. So it also has very high replayability.
,Recommended,289130,25885324,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,thekieranimo,"Creative, characterful, and polished to a high standard. Strongly recommend this if you like 4x games, and it's a strong competitor to Civ."
76561198009056548,Recommended,289130,25885555,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kormer,Great game if you're a fan of the 4x genre.
,Recommended,289130,25885307,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Pycorax,Please disregard all the salty Chinese players who are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on this game because the devs removed a Chinese language mod that was sharing a link to a pirated version of this game. It's a really fun game with lots of different and interesting mechanics.
,Recommended,289130,25885440,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Amarok,"Fantastic 4X strategy game with particularly unique lore. If you enjoy diverse, interesting factions in your strategy games, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,289130,25885920,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,MrStealYourMemes69,"One of the best 4X games out there. Shame on you, Chinese players! Buy the game full price instead of pirating it!"
,Recommended,289130,13750536,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sinistrad,"I enjoyed this game even more than CIv V. And, sorry to say, the engine and interface used in Endless Legend are at least a decade more advanced than the aging engine and interface used to power the Civ franchise. It's a gorgeous game and it runs and plays like a dream."
,Recommended,289130,13530834,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,wdavid4,"A few hiccups with crashing (using the 32-bit beta seems to have eliminated those) but otherwise it's been a very good experience so far.Still learning how best to play. Hoping that a friend or two picks it up so I can give the multiplayer a shot, too.If you are already familiar with the Endless universe... then this game is a no-brainer type of purchase, especially when it's on sale.If you're not familiar, but enjoy a new 4X game that rivals what Firaxis can put out... you're going to have some fun with this title.FlyByNo has outdone himself with another awesome game soundtrack as well.Final Rating: Lots of stars. Stars everywhere."
76561198030864105,Recommended,289130,13518230,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,abrahadarba,"Finally, a game to give CiV a run for it's money - the developers went all-out with this one; well-constructed terrain features, the ability to develop a city beyond a single tile with surrounding terrain, initiative in combat rounds and a whole lot more.  I have yet to play a game where I wasn't dazzled by the visual design of the interface - elegant, yet complex enough to give many micro-managers the drooling sensation of dominating a terrain encompasing numerous city-state territories.  I look foward to many more hours of gaming decyphering the complexities of this fantasy masterpiece"
,Recommended,289130,22432052,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Jovan's Sister Gita,"As The Forgotten made an alliance with Wild Walkers, and at turn 300, Wild Walkers won the game by score with difference +-100 points.10/10 would made alliance with Wild Walkers again."
,Recommended,289130,26984188,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Typhon,"Easily one of the most entertaining 4x strategy games I have ever played. Perhaps the best part is the lore and attention to detail. The game is easy to pickup and learn the basics, but there are plenty of more complex mechanics under the surface for you to master. If you want a turn based fantasy strategy game, nothing else compares.The DLC are also all worth it."
,Recommended,289130,14123900,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Shamojin,"Absolutely fantastic.Amplitude really know how to develop a clear, concise, and logical UI.It might seem strange to base a review off this, but it really makes playing the game such a pleasant experience.All the other stuff is pretty sweet too !"
,Recommended,289130,15601446,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Evord,"A beautiful, imaginative, and overall excellent 4x Fantasy game. This one really stands out on its own as a unique and interesting specimen of the genre."
76561198033428457,Recommended,289130,15433429,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Sentinel,"game iz gud fur playerz of civ fife it's not same, more involved and deep, just like dix in my azz"
76561198058935041,Recommended,289130,17233294,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Voight-Kampff,Endless Legend is Civ V for fantasy people. Endless Space is Civ V for Sci-fi people
,Recommended,289130,26111991,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Szei,"Review to counteract Chinese pirates (oh, and btw this is a good game)"
,Recommended,289130,26035778,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Asha Vahishta,"Very nice game quite similar to Civs V. A lot of RPG/Fantasy/SF elements therefore making the game look deeper. Special quests, customizable units (with weapons unlocked with technologies or quest), very nice music, good graphics...Try when special sale and begin with emperor edition."
,Recommended,289130,18498607,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Roy,"There is too much to write a review about.One thing I'm gonna say is that EVERY man,who loves strategies must play this game."
,Recommended,289130,14874499,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,lostmidwesterner,"This games is what happens with Civilization has a baby with Fallen Enchantress.  One of those lovingly created created 4x games that mixes armies/heroes, sane research/city systems, and a dangerous living world that you must balance both living in and bending it to your will.As nothing in the game is deep, and this makes the games pieces fit better together.  Fighting, faction/city/hero management, and diplomacy are streamlined, which makes it a better game for strategists rather than micro managers.  Going into games, players need to realize that it is impossible to be the best at everything.  You need to focus on certain strengths less your enemies over run your kingdom before your ready.Overall, it is a beautifully excellent game."
,Recommended,289130,14754707,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Alvie,"I can see myself ending up putting a lot of time into this game. After being disappointed by Civilization: Beyond Earth, I feel like Endless Legend scratches all the itches that Beyond Earth should have. It borrows a lot of the good things from Civilization V, and fixes a lot of the bad things. Combat consists of tactical battles between two armies of multiple units and possible reinforcement from other units in the area. Where Civ 5's combat is cramped and tight, Endless Legend has found a decent compromise between ""one unit per tile"" and the ridiculous stacked armies of Civ IV. At the same time, walls and cliffs between tiles adds more tactical variation to the maps.The world is beautiful. Where Civ:BE all feels a little bland and samey, this game has individual regions which each have their own visually spectacular biome. Also unlike Civ:BE, the factions in Endless Legend all feel distinct and interesting. Leader portraits are animated in this really cool oil painting style. Even the hexes have variance to them, looking like randomized, striking geographical shapes rather than identical hexagonal tiles. This game may not have the greatest graphics of all time, but the excellent art direction and attention to detail more than make up for it.It does seem a little barebones compared to games like Civ in terms of sheer numbers of factions, units, and technologies. In the end though, everything combines to create quite a deep experience. My only real complaints are that a few parts of the user interface are counter-intuitive, and that it can be difficult to find your units in the clutter sometimes. It can be annoying, but I've mostly gotten used to it. I recommend Endless Legend for anybody who enjoyed Civ V. Just play the tutorial and it'll be simple to figure this game out."
76561197968905439,Recommended,289130,27922214,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Matra,"Solid Civilization-style gameplay, with much more interesting combat mechanics and and interesting lore snuck in."
76561197970571810,Recommended,289130,12453777,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ExHippy,"A good solid turn based strategy game, only complaint is that the enemy AI isn't the greatest. Works much better as a multiplayer game but stands up well enough as a solo experience.If you liked Endless Space then this game is similar enough to pretty much guarantee that you'll like it but different enough so that it doesn't just feel like more of the same."
,Recommended,289130,21101943,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Fuzzball,"A gorgeous and engrossing strategy game, where you build your empire in the typical turn-based, 4X style. While it is quite intimidating at first (like all 4X games), the excellent user interface does a great job of explaining mechanics and building your understanding of the game.What sets this apart from other 4X games is the beautiful fantasy world, with quests in each game that expand the lore. While the core gameplay mechanics are always the same, each of the main factions you can play as have unique attributes that will make your playstyle for each different. Like other games in the genre, this is a great time sink.(Note: I have only played this game with all the currently available DLC installed. This adds a good amount of excellent content, so I can’t comment on the quality of just the base game.)"
76561198056483354,Recommended,289130,15447785,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Iráñëth,"i am gunna start by telling you that i only have 6-9 hours in this game on a free week endthis game is a fun rts-rpg.it has a lot of kindoms and thier own full story, not some dumb "" this dud moved here then died "" crapall of the lords and species have thier own story of why thier here, and why they want this. and where did they come from.it is alot of fun with all of the stuff that can go on at one time. haveing a war with the eilfs { they start a war for you being better then them } and being friends with the drakken { they are friendly and the best looking species } and trying to be friends with....don't know what they are...thier...stone..rock..cutless..demons..with four armsthis is all i can think of as of now, so i will add more when i think of it."
76561197999541802,Recommended,289130,25253005,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,IQuaan,Incredible game. I loved it.
76561198048339254,Recommended,289130,25399028,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Yerebakan,"BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE A TRUE STRATEGIST !Definitely the best strategy game I have purchased recently !After being spooked by the mixed reviews for several months and buying and playing worthless strategy games in the meantime, I finally grew desperate enough to buy this game.REVIEW:This is the most sensible strategy game I have played next to Total War 2 Shogun. Both games have excellent diplomacy, economy and strategy elements that make TOTAL SENSE MATHEMATICALLY. The mixed reviews must be from people who do not enjoy strategy other than ""point and click attack games"", however if you are a true strategist and you enjoy to look at several screens and details to compare numbers and shifts and changes in your upcoming upkeep or expendatures: you will want to play this game! I regret all that time it took for me to try it and I will make and exception and pay for some of the DLC as well.Other than ""Endless Legends"" and ""Total War"" you may also like ""Thea: The Awakening"" for a change. These games have saved my life.NOTE: This game features less battle and more strategy components, where you may want to auto-click the battles and focus on empire strategy. So as a gameplay it is more like civilization series than total war series. It does not rely on a detailed battle or combat distraction but it wants you to focus on advancing the empire and its tecnhology, research, diplomacy, income etc."
,Recommended,289130,25868884,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Dragmire,Better than civ v.
76561198041845502,Recommended,289130,25894339,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Newby5719,"A very good strategy game, although the combat system is a little awkward, the city building, unit designing, and quest systems are all wonderful"
,Recommended,289130,25895784,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,PopeLeonidas,"Great game. Imagine Civilization 4 or 5, but in Endless Legend, each civ is truly unique and plays completely differently instaed of each civ having only slightly different stats. It makes for a great story and unique game, every time."
,Recommended,289130,25978767,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,DadouXIII,"A great fantasy 4x game from a great company. Deep and complex gameplay and a breathtaking setting make Endless Legend quite a unique experience.8/10, definitely recommended!"
76561198097559509,Recommended,289130,26040684,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Pyres,"I started off playing 4x games with the Civilization series like most people. Endless Legend is a fantastic take on the 4x genre with the amazing art and visuals. The gameplay is great with just the base game but I highly recommend purchasing the Shifters and Tempest expansions (Shadows and Guardians are both good too) if you can because they add a ton of really great content. Amplitude takes combat in Endless Legend a little further than most 4x games by having you command all of your units when you do battle. The screen changes to a battle screen and you must give each individual units orders as the fight goes on. It can become quite in depth. You can also have to computer do it for you but on higher difficulties or in the late game it becomes neccessary to do this yourself. You can also customize each unit and hero (special super powerful units that level up,have skill trees and can use special weapons and skills) with weapons and armor that become available more and more as your empire progresses and gathers materials. The detail in this game is superb. If you like 4x games then Endless Legend will not dissapoint you.I read that a ton of chinese steam users banded together recently to downvote Endless Legend on steam because the devs were forced to remove a chinese language mod that somehow gave access to a pirated copy of the game. As of writing this the score is at 72% mostly positive for recent reviews but should be considerably higher. A group from reddit got together to try and raise the score back up but I do not believe it is quite as high as it was before this occured. Do not let this fool you. The game is really good."
,Recommended,289130,26050389,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Pete,"Так на любителя--------------------7,5 из 10"
,Recommended,289130,26051548,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Bany,Very deep and in depth 4X title with some very unique race choices. I didn't put as much time into this game as I have the Civilization games but this was still one great experience. Personally the game was a little too deep for me to ever find my footing and that didnt allow me to want to sink hundreds of hours into it like I have in other 4X titles. I would still recommend this since it is still a stellar game and deserving at least some play time to check out some of the unique choices the developers made.
76561198001039038,Recommended,289130,26074107,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Rior,A well made 4x game with factions that differ enough that it keeps the game fresh. Can be confusing if you havent played any 4x game before but as most game of this kind it does take abit of effort to learn the quirks.Also the winter season is a nice/frustrating/fun/annoying mechanic that majorly effects the game.
,Recommended,289130,26081137,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,lpilky,The gameplay never stops evolving and there is endless descisions and tactics.Really dense and enjoyable game.
76561198061086712,Recommended,289130,26081650,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,gool8889_Gonkers,"Awesome 4X type game. It is difficult at first, even if you played different RTS or turn-based games like CIV VWorth playing until you master it. After playing 4 hours I already learned how to play 2 classes and I've been happy with the random events and quests. Overall I recomend this to anyone who loves these types of games and it suites all levels of skill (just put some work into it)."
,Recommended,289130,26083943,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,tubasteve,"At the time I'm writing this review, the game is 75% off for a price of $7.49. Buy it already..."
76561197970417943,Recommended,289130,26093238,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Pobody's Nerfect,"Excellent game that has had great support and additional content added over time. I first got into 4x with Civ 5 but I actually enjoyed this more. (Not a dig on Civ 5) Beautiful graphics and very engaging gameplay, will play for hours without realizing it so becareful for that lol."
,Recommended,289130,26116108,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Danger,"It's amazing. Most of the new♥♥♥♥♥♥in Civ 6 comes from this game.Fair warning to turtle strategists, winter gets longer every year as per the game's lore. Choose your race or mod accordingly. ;)"
,Recommended,289130,26139307,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Fantastic Mo,"Simply the best 4x4 game out there, deep details and story, music is beautiful, art style is dazzling, gameplay is fluid and the list is honestly and truly endless I can't sum it up but all I can say it is a perfect 4x4 game for fans who like this type of thing.You will definitely get more than your money worth, I got the game and all DLC's plus upgrades in a discount few days ago and since that day I've been hooked to the game, probably anyone playing this game can express the same and easily say you will get endless hours out of this game worth of play/pure entertainment time, not to mentions the multiplayer !!!!!!All in the game is perfection, can't wait for more DLC's and expansions ... Please keep growing Endless Legend and be a truly an endless legend. :)"
76561198039623728,Recommended,289130,26185325,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Master-G,"It's a fantasy Civilizatiion game. The appeal of civ games is playing seeing our actual history progress while in the mantle of some known historic figure. The catch is almost everything is the same from another country except some 2-4 things. Here, every clan/group/race is different. From specialty,units,even technology. Sure, there are some siimilarities, but the difference here is very clear.This game is highly recommended for strategy fans who also loves pretty graphics and fantasy.  That means if your still reading this to help you decide, you buy it and enjoy :) !"
76561198134257169,Recommended,289130,26298360,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dr.Blbstein,"Great game, I really enjoyed it and can recommend it to anyone. Not only to 4x fans who want something different than civ.If you are wondering about the ""mixed"" review score, I believe it might be because of angry Chinese players. Now, I perfectly understand their reason. From what I gathered, they made fan-made chinese localisation for free, but it was banned because it violated steam regulations. Since chinese players are (i guess) pretty huge market, I really hope that the developers will make official chinese localisation."
,Recommended,289130,26304550,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Killercod,"I'm JUST scratching the surface of this game, but I'm hooked!  Definately a GO for fans of other 4X games like Civ and Europa.  Visuals are beautiful, audio is enchanting, and so far the gameplay is deep and engrossing.  Overall a win!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKO3C_MEX-U"
,Recommended,289130,26323873,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Yuki,MY favorite 4X game :)A good atmospher for a game is one that is set in a fantasy world.
,Recommended,289130,26327318,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,"Ya, I quit video games.",good game
,Recommended,289130,26349666,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Isao,"Endless Legend is a masterpiece, have no doubts about that. It borrows heavily from Civ IV, but introducesmanyinnovations to the genre. Some examples include: victory conditions (you can play though your faction's story to win!), city districts (which are now ""mainstream"" after Civ VI implemented them), technologies & research (not a tree), and many other. Every race is unique, and that means that you will want to play the game at least one with each race to experience it fully. I am more than twenty hours in, and I have only won with two races.A final suggestion: look up some beginner playthroughs on YouTube before starting, it will help a lot! I have watched a well made Beginner Mezari tutorial, if you search for it, you will find it."
76561198019031549,Recommended,289130,26355214,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,A-Love,"I've never been one to play 4X games much, but this game is just so beautiful and immersing that when I decide to start up a game, I look at the clock and eight hours have passed.Even if I lose all the time (which I do), I still love playing it."
76561198302953671,Recommended,289130,26393793,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,eddiecest,"It's a great strategy game. I love the addition of the hero, but I wish the hero was more important in their role, and that you can't duplicate them either. The world and factions are all very interesting, I wish the maps were bigger though. All in all I do recommend it though."
,Recommended,289130,26461095,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,OBookman,"One of my favorite 4X strategy games that keeps luring me back to play, of course Civilization is awesome but this is a good alternative."
76561198018373051,Recommended,289130,26776851,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Packy,Like Civilisation but on steroids.
,Recommended,289130,26777394,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gaunter O'dimm,"This game is simply the 4X to play right now. Even after playing with Civ 6 I still find myself coming back to this game. Even my thoughts are always tyring to figure out ways to play all the unique factions. The game is simply beautiful from hex grid to its lore and music and iwll keep you wanting to click one more turn.Or if your not the artistic inclined and that sounded like a bunch of flowery ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t then this game still has one of the better 4X ai and it will ruthlessly try to exterminate your inferior civilization or prove your inferority as it spams units. I've even seen players die from barbarian rushes in the beginning. Every move needs to be carefully thought out as you try and find a unique way for your faction to win. Very hard to do if you are playing the faction of traders who can't capture cities and are not great at war, but you have tons of other ways to try and win.Point is this game is just great in all ways. Go play it and don't stop."
76561198012566229,Recommended,289130,26779780,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Quiet Sun,It is super awesome!
76561197988603510,Recommended,289130,26786750,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zee Russian Samurai,"This game is an absolute gem! I am a great fan of empire-wide RTSs, Total war, Civ, Sins of Solar Empire, the works.But this game, absolutely amazing! Probably the only one I caved in for and started buying DLCs as well before the GOTY edition came out. And I am very very tight about money value =D"
76561198016852584,Recommended,289130,26800012,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wenk,Yes
,Recommended,289130,26851798,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[GS] Skeleman Joe,Some good new fashioned 4x.
,Recommended,289130,26879479,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,phoenix,One of the best 4X games out there.
,Recommended,289130,26925385,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thenno,"A brilliant combination of familiar and novel 4X elements, combined with a deep lore, fantastic graphics and smooth UI.The core game loop is quite simple and familiar: build cities, gather resources, build armies, wage war, strive for victory. But each playable faction does this very differently. Early game is dominated by PvE questing to clear the land of roaming armies and sway the native villages to your side. This transitions into a more traditional 4X strategy: exploit your faction's strong points, expand, find rare resources, wage war and research powerful technologies. But all the while you will keep following quests: it is even a potential road to victory! This is also where you will determine how you will win... Gather diplomacy from keeping the peace? Wage war? Build a wonder? Accumulate a cubic ton of gold? Science? There are plenty of options.The game excels in many, many things:1. Interweaving lore and quests into traditional 4X gameplay2. A smooth UI where a right click always takes you back to the previous menu3. Great graphics that breath atmosphere, but do not clutter the screen.4. Zooming out transforms your view from a realistic 3D view to an abstract top-down map, which is smooth and insightfull!5. Heroes of Might and Magic style combat: your heroes and armies have fully customizable equipment, level up and battle it out on a hex-grid (if you want, automation is an option too!).6. Many playstyles that are all relevant and balanced well.7. Innovative and flexible research system that suits the many playstyles.8. Interesting factions which are visually and functionally unique.9. Base game is pretty complete already, DLC add even more content.Some cons:1. The AI is somewhat exploitable in combat, and has trouble shooting for win conditions in late game.2. There is quite some complexity, and the tutorial doesn't do a good job of explaining. Steep curve.If you like 4X, get this game, period. It's a pearl and I'm frankly flabbergasted by it's relative impopularity."
,Recommended,289130,26939040,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Torhyn,A really great 4x game with interesting gameplay and great art style.
,Recommended,289130,26951937,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AManWithAKilt,This has become my go-to civilization builder after I got bored with Civ 5. Each civ has a different playstyle so each time I come back it still feels fresh. I love the overal style and lore of the game to the point where I would love to see Amplitude develop an RPG (or even an MMO) set on Auriga. It's a such a rich and interesting place.
76561198022577198,Recommended,289130,26969666,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[NI]- FinderOfWays,"A gorgeous game with interesting mechanics. The combat is indeed the weakest part, but is still quite decent, and the various races make for a large replay value. You can also find a specific faction for your personal playstyle."
,Recommended,289130,26976436,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Metroid,best x4
76561198073222498,Recommended,289130,26986635,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zurh,"The Fantasy verson of Civ V, which to me makes it better."
,Recommended,289130,26996492,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mad Hatter,"Hands down, this is the best thing happening right now in the 4x genre.If you like 4x games, but haven't played this yet, get to it already."
,Recommended,289130,26996700,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jagore,"One of the best 4x experiences out there. What it lacks in combat depth it makes up for in atmosphere, story,  and variences in faction mechanics. Each race functions fundimentally differently from each other in some significant way. Most of the DLCs are well worth it, a few like shadows are a bit situational, but overall they are all well done as well. Fantastic developer and great game."
76561198045592705,Recommended,289130,27025414,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Angrywaffle,This is my first 4x game. I missed the CiV sale last time it was around and wanted to dip my foot in the 4x genre; saw Endless Legend was on sale so I grabbed it.I really does a good job of introducing you into the genre. without having to micro manage everything I can just focus on one part of the game until i'm familiar with the 4x genre.highly recommended for new players!
,Recommended,289130,27028621,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheFullTimer,Everytime I play I'm impressed.
,Recommended,289130,27079711,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yggdrasil,A lot more to it then most Civ type games. Definitely worth every cent.
,Recommended,289130,27109400,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dpyro,This game is an art.
76561197995388277,Recommended,289130,27115795,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nogitsune,"Endless Legend is  Civ-like 4x strategy.Boring?Nein!Because Endless Legend is now about WHAT is done, but HOW.There is no Hi-end graphic, which makes your videocart cry in agony. There is no hundreds of thousands units. There is no brainbending economic and mechanic.Developers didn't need to have all of these to create masterpiece. Endless Legend makes you feel, that you are not otherworldly being, which commands its race, but as a real leader of your people. And every choice you make is a choice of a ruler, responsible for wellbeing of his nation.Graphic, music (one of the greatest soundtrack EVAR), quest description, mechanic - everything is balanced. Everything as it should be, nothing more, nothing less."
76561197968900896,Recommended,289130,27163444,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,S@isfaction(CH),"Love the game - fantasy civilization 6 before civilization 6 was even announced.Massively differrent playable races, tons of lore to explore, unique win conditions.Just make sure you always have an army, the AI and roving armies can be relentless ;)Worth every penny if you can pick it up on a sale that includes the DLC.(DLC usually adds 1 new race, 1 new gameplay mechanic and several minor things like items etc.)"
,Recommended,289130,27192498,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[ESC] Faelyn Klocknov,It was a lot better then I expected when I first got it and it has continued to grow and become my favourite fantasy game of the genre. They have done great with what they have added with DLCs and everything to the point I am lost on what more you could ask for without feeling like I am nitpicking.
,Recommended,289130,27196186,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pradian,"Awesome game, would love more races."
,Recommended,289130,27211726,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,wickedkarma,This game has some very cool takes on the 4X gamestyle. Its a really enjoyable game adn the sound track is truly amazing.  Do yourself a favor and buy this game!
76561198007436692,Recommended,289130,27235898,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Madain,Great fantasy rendition of civilization and no surprise that Civ 6 adopts some of its mechanics.  AI is could be better but the different races keeps the replayability high.
76561198012182889,Recommended,289130,27237967,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kmdesigns,"Fun game, with a little more combat choices that Civ. Good factions, nice story and fabulous music.8 out of 10"
,Recommended,289130,27280740,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Verdant Herald,It's a very turn-based game in the vein of Civ. Factions have appreciably different playstyles and combat is interesting if a little slow. Would definitely reccomend if you are a fan of any Civ-style games.
76561198292867033,Recommended,289130,27291295,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ancil1725,"This game is an amazing 4X hidden little treasure and the best part is you can remake, edit or add Major factions (playable races) the possibilities are endless"
76561197966841742,Recommended,289130,27317142,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tmart,the great killer of time
76561198048347021,Recommended,289130,27318278,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kryptical,"I would say it's the best game of its genre, not many people know about it, but it deserves a lot more attention than it is currently getting."
76561198021953825,Recommended,289130,27332074,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Joker,"The game is so overhelming. The art and style are really impressive, but not just that. The game itself is so complicated i just love it. There are many different ways to win the game. A story campaign would be nice but the game is how it is really good. The only thing i dont like is that you need to put your troops in squads. I like it more like in civilization V where you can see your whole army on the map. It just looks cooler.The DLCs add a lot of new content and interesting mechanics to the game and are totally worth it and even more when they are on sale."
,Recommended,289130,27361053,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FlamingFarts,"Reinvents the 4X genre and one of the best. The music and graphics are top notch. The UI is one of the best ,  I can play this endlessly :)"
,Recommended,289130,27364144,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Myzhari,Fantastic game. Quests give delightful goals and a sense of story. Each race plays to a completely differen style. I'm enjoying each and every one.
,Recommended,289130,27382536,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Max,"Super fun game, way better than civ IMO"
,Recommended,289130,27388567,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Finkle Panfe,"Fantastic follow up to endless space. I think this game is better than Civ in many ways and far cheaper as well. I can't stress how much making your own race is great and it really opens up the replayability when you can fine tune and make custom factions. All in all this game is worth it full price but if you find it on sale, do yourself a favor and pick this up along with endless space. Both are great 4x games that share lore and fill that craving for space and planetside games!"
76561198006817082,Recommended,289130,27400811,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sardak,"Alot of people will draw a comparison between CiV and EL. Is this game like Civ? Yes and no.At its core is an empire building hex based 4x that has everything you would usually expect. City building, armies, diplomacy and resources to compete for. The thing that separates the two games though is the setting, lore and the gameplay changes that leads to.The storyline of EL is an awesome blend of sci-fi and fantasy and this  translates into gameplay well. Each race is very different. You have a race that does not use food, a race unable to start wars and can ban you from the trade markets, a race that cant make peace and spreads like the Tyranids from 40k. Every rance requies a completely different strategy and thats what in my eyes puts this above Civ."
76561198013766397,Recommended,289130,27401916,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alhazred the mad,This game will make you quit Civ cold turkey.
76561198023374759,Recommended,289130,27511622,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gartron,Great game
76561198082960972,Recommended,289130,27515172,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lazaeus,"Excellent 4X game, comprable in depth to civilization. The factions you can choose from are few, but all differ vastly in how they're played. Additionally the DLC are all considerable additions to the game, all of which enhance preiously underdeveloped or unused design space.the only complaint is that it's not perfectly polished and you'll encounter small bugs from time to time, but i have yet to see a non-cosmetic bug that wasn't patched out in a few days.9/10"
,Recommended,289130,27539419,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kefka888,One of the best TBS games I have ever played. It's everything the original Elemental game was supposed to be and more. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys TBS games.
,Recommended,289130,27701873,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,007,"This game is just beautiful. It has a great UI, a great soundtrack, great graphics, and for those of you that are looking to escape the standard 4X game, this game has a legitimate quest system that works quite well. Yes, there are DLC, and yes, the original game is just fine on its own, but if you happen to get the game during a sale I would recommend getting the DLC, as they are legitimate expansions that actually add a good deal of content to the game.Pros:-Beautiful-Great Soundtrack-Rich Gameplay and Storyline-Diverse Factions-Fairly Intelligent or at least accurate AI-Every Game feels like a new experience-Seasons-DLCs add lots of new content-Good, complete base game-Fairly clear, incredibly explanatory tutorialCons:-DLC systemMy Rating: 8.5/10"
76561198054608766,Recommended,289130,27750013,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Art Vandelay,"Great game, great company. Enless Lengend has been out for 2 years now and it's still way better than CIV 6."
76561198153795002,Recommended,289130,27774453,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SirusR2PO,Excellent game. Reminds off the old Masters of Magic game combined with original modern elements.Must buy and definily must get the award.
76561198052211076,Recommended,289130,27801882,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kha,Endless Legends is the most unique and innovative 4x game i encountered over the last couple of years. The beauty lies in it's details and every aspect of the game feels well executed and fleshed out. I recommend buying the collection bundle since every dlc is a gem in itself.
,Recommended,289130,27806884,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fimbul,"Endless Legend is my favorit 4X game beside the Civ series. It's biggest strength is it's variety: It has lots of different ressources, anomalies, biomes and what not. The playable races have distinctive mechanics, each plays a totally different way. You can annex many different minor races to gain special units and boni. Units are costumizable and upgradable in the likes of a RPG equipment system, so they can fulfill different roles. There are heros (with skilltrees and loadout) that can manage your settlements or lead an army. The technology progression is non-linear. There's a plethora of quests that can be triggered and give you goals beyond simple building and conquering. Seasons play a big role as the planet tumbles into an ice age as the game proceedes. Last but not least this game is absolutely beautiful, probalby the best art direction in any 4X game.Now quickly for some quasi contras: The combat system is unusual and a little weird; not  bad, but it takes some time to get used to it. If you expand a lot the settlement management can become somewhat of a chore, but that's not unique in this genre... and if you hate that, the game features a race that is limited to it's starting settlement.The base game has already a good amount of content, but the following is added via payed DLC:- three unique and interesting playable races- an espionage system- a second technology system that depends on a ressource that can only be harvested in the winter season- marine warfare- epic units- more quests and loadout"
,Recommended,289130,27849877,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KedzioRRz,"Amplitude at their finest. After one of the greatest space 4X strategy- Endless Space, their just wipe out Civilization V from the throne of the fantasy 4X sandboxes."
,Recommended,289130,27902473,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BlueBalls,"Bought this the other day due to the sale, and i cant seem to put it down. its always a few more turns and an hour later im still at it. the only thing i find disapointing is the lack of multiplayer, there just never seems to be any games.other than that 10/10."
76561198002526481,Recommended,289130,27908521,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DJ Nightfire,"Few games can make me buy a soundtrack. This is one of them. Endless Legend just like Endless Space is a 4x game done right. With it attention to detail, a story that immerse you in the game, a system that allow you to play and build how you want and a mod community set to making the game more espansive and give you more options, nothing more can be said about this game other then it worth the money. The music though the Music sold me. Music really drive you in this game as each track is rich and compelling to listen to. I just have the tracks set on shuffle cause it that good. If you want a good 4x game this is one for your library."
76561198054078444,Recommended,289130,27908912,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,UraniumThorium,"I found it to be more tactical  than the Civ series. The fantasy elements add an intrigueing element as do the major and minor factions. You can also create your own custom faction, With the addition of the naval battles and the Morgawr a missing element was added.  The Morgawr Cats Paw and Black spot are very effective, though it seems the best land units turn out to be the minor factions you assimulate. As typical the AI seems lacking with harder difficulties just giving boosts and not cunning. I gave it the Whoooaaaaaaa, Dude award for 4x."
,Recommended,289130,27933259,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,piwo,I am actualkly not the type of player that play such games. But I have to say this is pretty addicting and just swallows tons of your time you should actually be working on your thesis xD
76561198073280496,Recommended,289130,27958272,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,johnsav,A 4X genre game to challenge Civ for the throne
,Recommended,289130,27979733,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Naze the Eternal,"This game is an excellent addition to the 4x genre. It is innovative and extremely well-polished. Ever since it came out, and with every DLC, I haven't had any bugs or issues. While in many 4x games races feel very similar, in Endless Legend, each race feels unique and distinct with significant strengths, weaknesses, and unit types that change how you play. Diplomacy is more predictable than it is in other 4x games, and while a resource-based diplomacy is a bit prohibitive at times, it makes diplomacy feel more like a wothwhile investment because you know what you're getting for that investment, and what you can and can't afford to do.Combat is handled by isolating a portion of the map around your army, and using that as the field for a tactical turn-based combat. The elevation changes, forests, cities, and oceans on the map become important features in combat. In this combat you don't control your troops directly, but instead give them general orders that they will do their best to uphold as a turn plays out. This system poses a bit of a learning curve to understand exactly what each command results in, but makes combat a bit more streamlined.Science is not a single techtree, but a series of tiers. You can research any tech in any tier available to you, but you often don't research every tech in a given tier. This results in your choices of research more meaningful than in a game like the Civ series where you wind up having the same techs as everyone else eventually.Overall, in Endless Legend, it feels like you have a lot of options when it comes to playing the game, and it feels like the descisions you make are important, impactful decisions. This is a welcome addition to a genre where games can really start to feel like they may as well run themselves."
,Recommended,289130,28079112,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mouth Breather,The music from the game alone is worth the price. I mean it.
76561197977879276,Recommended,289130,28086893,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lobotomizedgoat,"Best 4x I've played.  The factions are all refreshingly different from each other and seems fairly balanced.  The UI is easy to use and doesn't hide information in strange places.  The story is light but the gameplay is great.Battles can take a bit of getting used to.  You don't so much control your units as much as you give them orders before each phase of the battle.  Depending on turn order (controlled partly by unit design) and what your opponent chooses to do this can lead to unexpected outcomes and can be entirely frustrating when the AI chooses a terrible ""plan B"".  That said, it adds a fun random aspect to the game and you do learn to adapt your strategy as you play."
,Recommended,289130,28105731,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Khaleeb,Fantasy Civ + RPG characters
76561198108269097,Recommended,289130,28106974,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Turbo Moist,Started game and hopped in barely after the tutorial into a game with friends. Saw Roving Clans immediately picked. Had fun getting wrecked by cultists. 10/10 would gypsy again
76561198027279341,Recommended,289130,28110614,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,~Mustbehell~,"Really happy I got this game on sale with all the DLC's for 30$ I have no regrets about itThe gameplay its similar to Civ but different in most aspects, still have your city building/upgrading, resouces management and etc.  but since I got it all at onec i was overwhelmed for like 6 games and counting, still getting crused by the AI in other victory settings but army battles (which I do well in).  I mean its so much information to take in >_< still have a headache.10/10@Venomousdogs would love to see that"
76561198036491378,Recommended,289130,28129637,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Etho,"Strat and fantasy, I like it"
76561198032807248,Recommended,289130,28154320,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Drakkanien,"Endless Legend...More whole Endless series... these games are simply amazing and unique, you won't EVER find any other game like this. I'm very pleased with this purchase, really. We really need more games like this on Steam!"
76561198042272370,Recommended,289130,28162148,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,French Bee,a great mix of rpg and 4x mechanics my only regrets are that more people dont play it
,Recommended,289130,28762508,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,etempco,"A beautiful and engaging 4X game. As a Civ5 lover, this game has a slightly more ""RPG"" feel to it (through Hero and unit customization and quests) that hits all the right notes."
76561198165707266,Recommended,289130,28816835,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,bad joker,"a great game in a fantastic world.great atmosphere and graphics momentum soundtrack , a very interesting gameplay that is balanced many choices"
76561198065612574,Recommended,289130,28840298,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,jaquierkhader,"A very enjoyable and vivid 4X science-fantasy strategy game. I love the devs too, and the way they listen to their fans on their Games2Gether forum is amazing.Every faction feels unique in their own way and I just love the universe and lore they've written.Get it if you're a fan of 4X games like Sid Meier's Civ."
76561198305103955,Recommended,289130,28856499,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Darkmatrix418,"Great game!!! This is more a turn based city management game that civ or not other 4X games seem to overlook. he art style is beautiful and the graphics are amazing. The city planning and focus is very detail orientated, which is something I've always wanted in a game. I love how you can make sprawling cities, adding districts when/wherever. This is an amazing game in short."
76561198113139167,Recommended,289130,28897735,Posted: 1 January,all,Zreaky,recomendedjustonemoreTURNALT+TAB= 5AM
76561197961320529,Recommended,289130,28990514,Posted: 3 January,all,Killy Rabbit,Pros:-great with friends-in depth everything-beautiful graphics-hours/days/months/years replayabilityCons:-Winter-in depth everything
76561198029072236,Recommended,289130,29140078,Posted: 9 January,all,Jaradiel,"I can honestly recommend anyone to play this game if you like the civilization series or similar games. The game is a fairly classic 4X turn-based game, and this includes combat (think Master of Orion) . The standard races and traits are diverse and very interesting to play, and that (almost) each race has their own storyline and quest to finish is a great bonus. The game is very though out and works well, and I play it more than Civ.However, there are some things I'd like to see remedied:1. It is possible to create an extremelyunbalanced custom race. One which excels in expanding with no need for food. And gets governor bonuses to Dust (cash), which is used for almost every action. It can expand rapidly and early. There are no negative traits, and it's economy will be unparallelled with all resources, luxuries and strategics.2. The landscaping needs work, any region needs to be at least four _habitable_ hexes wide, i.e. it needs to be able to host a street borroughs. I've come across places that are impossible to inhabit due to their innate poor happiness, which even with the above custom race is impossible to colonize to any decent extent.3. Starting position can be better. It looks like all terrain including anomalies (production boosts) is rendered before placing settlers. Since anomalies are, especially early on, a major source of income in all resources it would be better to render only the terrain first, then determine starting positions. After that place anomalies to balance the positions.3a. In addition to the above, it would be really nice if races are placed on their natural surroundings, i.e. Wild Walkers in lush forests or jungles, Ardent Mages in deserts, etc. It would add believability to the world.4.  Minor race quests need to be completely redone. The first 50 turns they should not ask for strategic or luxury resources. They should never ask for you to either make peace or go to war. Make them creative, like the temple quests. If they are more complex, add in an extra reward like blueprints.5. Winter. It is globally the same, which seems a bit strange. Winter can have different effects depending on terrain. In the already frozen cimates it should have a minimal effect, these areas already are cold. In temperate climates it should be more severe, but around the equator it's not winter; it is dry or wet season. In deserts though winter would be quite severe. This could be balanced by having the more affected regions have bigger bounties in summer to offset their poor use in winter. The idea is part of what I like about the game it could just be tailored more to the regionsAs for point 1, this is the setup that ruins the day for everone else:1. Select Broken Lords as the base for a new race, remove all pre-selected items.2. Add Endless Excavation for a great early boost (+2 science, +3 influence per temple, 2 per region).3, Add Veins of Auriga (+1 stategic resource per mined resouce field)4. Add Goods of Auriga (+1 luxury resource per mined resouce field)5. Add Ladscapist, this is a critical part (+2 science, +3 dust, +3 happiness per worked anomaly)6. Add Westward Ho! (-50% happiness penalty due to expansion)With the above you have a race with no need of food, high dust production, especially with their native heroes as governors; they can more than double Dust output, making new citizens a breeze to get. They will als add get 1.5x the amount of strategic and luxury resources as well for a total of 2.5x (research later will increase it even more). The traids reduce happiness cost to new colonies and with the anomaly happiness bonus, you can easily triple the amount of towns. Adding the luxury maximized production make it about 5x as many regions than would otherwise be viable. By turn 25 you have 3 cities and fervent citizens adding to production. With the right minor race you can cover the entire world and have 200% happiness bonus (it maxes at 100% though).The above will give you an economic, science or domination victory without any trouble at all. It works very well if you crank up dificulty with the AI as well, it just cannot keep up."
76561198038376036,Recommended,289130,29155681,Posted: 9 January,all,ab0807,"Overwhelmingly beautissimo lanscape art and graphic effects. Great epic hero character development and customization.  City specialization options allow excellent control and fine-tuning.If I had a dime for every time I said ""five more minutes..."" Wow!Great game - merci beaucoup!"
76561198070350823,Recommended,289130,29229946,Posted: 13 January,all,Enlightened,Big learning curve for people who dont play 4x games. But totally worth it even winning on newbia difficulty feels satisfying. As someone who usually plays RTS this was a nice change of pace.
76561198021581283,Recommended,289130,29236163,Posted: 13 January,all,herparchist,"This empire builder is great for fans of both the Civilization series and Fallen Enchantress series. Be warned that Endless Legend has an extremely difficult learning curve. There are some really great guides here on steam and within the wider community though. Needless to say, you will most likely spend an hour or two reading the guides, watching various videos and tutorials, per hour of gameplay and you may still not get it all. That for me is where the fun is."
76561198082743899,Recommended,289130,29261391,Posted: 14 January,all,TroubleMaker,"EXCELENT game for those who likes Turn Based Strategy, Especially if fonds with a pinch of RPG. The races have their own personality, each with a gameplay very own. Art style is outstanding (IMO). No doubt a game that deserve way more attention than it does."
76561198093820429,Recommended,289130,29437905,Posted: 22 January,all,SITZ the RIPPER,"I have Endless Legend for my macbook pro, late '12 edition. and the game crashes often. I don't know why, but it just decides to randomly close. Really fun otherwise. I completely agree with the other positive reviews."
76561198065076935,Recommended,289130,29480125,Posted: 25 January,all,VKS,"I bought Endless Legend when it was on special, as I'd only seen Endless Space gameplay online. I bought Endless Legend, Dungeon of the Endless and Endless Space with what seemed to be all the DLCs as a pack. It cost a little over the meal I payed for last night for a friend.Endless Legend is the spiritual successor to Masters of Magic, I'm talking that old pixelated s#!t fest where ""Draconians"" were basically little Starbound cucumbers on a map. The graphics are beautiful, the story abundant, the factions diverse. It's everything I wanted to see in a game that just never came for the past 23 years. Here it is!Buy the game, win at life. I recommend the f**k out of it."
76561198188339903,Recommended,289130,29498925,Posted: 26 January,all,Lazy Fox,"Its like Civ but with a lot more combat stratergy at play.I feel the gameplay is a lot slower then Civ, i haven't figure out if you can skip the attack and moving animations.so far i have played hard mode (just harder then normal in Civ) and the Ai's attacks stratergies are basiclly just charge and attack, does not take advantage of terrein, morale buff, or anything."
76561198114407387,Recommended,289130,29499598,Posted: 26 January,all,Saint | eZ,27 hours of playtime and still don't know what I am meant to be doing LOL
76561197975480054,Recommended,289130,29499995,Posted: 26 January,all,GhostMak3r,"one of the best imo x4 games.   the story and detail of this game is amazing.   the mechanics of resources, combat, research, politics, and heroes system out preforms Civ."
,Recommended,289130,29556533,Posted: 28 January,all,ioquatix,"It's a bit hard to learn all the rules, but the game play is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,289130,29581235,Posted: 30 January,all,Andras,One of my favorite 4X games.
76561198138295259,Recommended,289130,29713692,Posted: 5 February,all,Northwatch,"This game is awesome, all the playable races play out completely differently, so it makes you want to play through multiple times. The quests are stories are interesting, and the combat system is great too.This game is certainly worth trying out, although I would recommend trying to get it on sale as I managed to only pay $10 for it."
,Recommended,289130,29734305,Posted: 5 February,all,Ya Boi Robbie Rotten,"I'm terrible at 4X games, or at least I think I am, but Endless Legend is something I really get into. Each faction feels really unique, has a very different method of achieving similar goals, and looks entirely distinct from each other faction. In Civ, which is at this point just the standard for 4X games in general, I ran into an issue where basically every civ played the same, more or less. The vast majority of units, buildings and stuff were the same, and the one unique trait for each civ mixed up the gameplay to varying degrees. In Endless Legend, the factions are much more varied, if less numerous. One faction can't declare war, while another can't declare peace, and yet a third can force others to declare peace. One faction gets less food, one doesn't even use food at all. Each faction has a unique set of three units, upgradable throughout the game not just in power, but in ability. There's a bevy of traits to keep track of which makes each combat encounter exciting and varied, rather than just clicking Attack. Cities can expand out in their region using a district system similar to Civ VI (as far as I know, I only really played Civ V), which makes the plan for settling a city much more interesting because you have the potential to expand out and literally level up your city over the course of a game.Well, there's my fanboy splurge, so here's a cohesive breakdown for you nerds.Pros:- Factions are interesting, all have good lore, and have lots of variance between them. I actually want to play as each faction at least once, rather than just hitting Random and going for whatever.- Once you start to understand it, the combat is very satisfying, if a bit time-consuming- Beautiful, has a lot of attention to detail from the design of each faction's cities to the fact that you can see resources on the ground- The UI is very well designed once you get a hang of the flow; Whoever decided that Mouse2 is a universal back button deserves a raise- Worker management is very well done, quick to use and easy to understandCons:- The tutorial is absolute garbage. Play a game on Newbie and watch a lot of tutorials on third party sites instead. The tutorial teaches you all the systems, but doesn't manage to find the time to explain how all those systems fit together in a real-world scenario, which makes it mostly useless.I really love Endless Legend. I prefer it to Civ at this point. I feel like it has more depth in more areas that I prefer, and has a much more interesting world because it's not based in the real world."
76561198149637178,Recommended,289130,30024885,Posted: 18 February,all,Ephycis,"I like the game! It plays well and has good features. I wish the cities where more in depth and am not a fan of the territory system (one city per space and there are a certain amount of spaces, etc.), but it does work in the end. I would like for updates instead of purchases and more city customization. For anyone looking for a civilization good game, definity buy."
76561198020582641,Recommended,289130,30045212,Posted: 19 February,all,teh_doggen,"I really love how this game does cities.  It is, to my mind, the perfect mix of Paradox-style provinces and Civ-style tiles.  Beyond that it is a competent 4X game with a fantasy theme."
76561198024680119,Recommended,289130,30108626,Posted: 22 February,all,Zaruma,"Endless Legend is a work of art for the 4x genre. It hits all the right notes without being too complicated. It has a learning curve, but you always feel like you're progressing and getting better. It gets addicting really fast.10/10   Going to war with an allied nation just to♥♥♥♥♥♥them off is as satisfying as it sounds."
76561198082815119,Recommended,289130,30161820,Posted: 25 February,all,Daendra,"Looks like Civilization at first...But, then there are more deeper things to manage..Most fun thing of this game is the combat, there are a lot of possiblity result, not just depend on unti strength, but also lots factors...Great game...."
76561198035158540,Recommended,289130,30174130,Posted: 25 February,all,fishcray,"This is an outstanding 4X game. I bought a package deal on sale including all the DLCs, and played with all content enabled from the start. And there's a lot of content! Playing the tutorial is essential in this game, it's deep and complex. Each of the ~10 factions has a unique play style and a faction quest that tells the story of their race as they develop from primitive roots to grand civilisations. As your faction develops, the world of Auriga changes, eventually building towards a great cataclysm. The underlying story is  compelling and makes me want to play through as each faction.The map is divided into regions. The gameplay revolves around taking control of regions by establishing a city or capturing sea fortresses. This enables exploitation of each region's resources. As the game develops through 6 eras, new types of resources appear on the map. Some of them are quite scarce, making it important to expand and capture territory throughout the game. Cities can be managed to prioritise growth, industry, science, or resource production, and buildings and units can be built, including small expansions to the city boundaries. Eventually, cities can expand to fill an entire region.Each region usually contains one or more native tribal villages that produce wandering hostile units. Pacification can be achieved by destroying the tribe's villages (they can later be rebuilt and assimilated), bribing them with a large amount of resources, or speaking with them and completing a quest. Once assimilated, tribes provide small bonuses to resource production and enable a specific unit to be built. There are about 20 tribes in the game, but only 1-3 can be assimilated into your empire, depending on the stage of scientific advancement. Ancient ruins also dot the landscape and can provide resources or a quest. Quest requirements and rewards are varied. In addition to tribe/ruin quests, there are also faction quests, global event quests, and era quests such as being the first player to build a unique monument. Quests are an interesting part of the game, especially in the early stages. However, on a large map towards the end-game, one might have 15+ quests all active at the same time, making it difficult to focus on them.In terms of criticisms, I find it very slow paced (like all 4X games). In 14 hours I've only completed 1 game. I'd prefer it if games took about 1-2 hours, rather than 8+ hours. Micromanagement tasks such as choosing equipment for your heroes and units are interesting in the early game. However, in the game I completed (on a 'normal' map size) I eventually had around 20 heroes, 5 cities, and 10 armies exploring at any one time, all needing significant amounts of micromanagement. That gets very slow. It would be nice to be able to automate some functions at the later stages of the game. Enemy turns also take a while in the later game. Additionally, in the game I completed, it became clear that I was way ahead of the AI players about halfway through the game, but even if you're in a very obviously dominant position, it can still take a long time to reach victory.I would never attempt to play a game like this in multiplayer against human opponents unless my lifespan was measured in millennia. I'm going to try starting another game on the smallest map and see whether that feels better in terms of pace.I'm playing on an MS Surface Pro 3 (base model, i3 CPU/4GB RAM). It works, but I had to turn all video settings down, and I experience occasional crashes - 3 so far in 14 hours. Not a huge problem as it autosaves each turn.To summarise: Fantastic 4X game with a huge amount of content and an interesting story, but slow paced and a single-player game can easily take over 8 hours."
,Recommended,289130,30202864,Posted: 26 February,all,Mors Gravis,"You need to Learn the Game before you play the Game...But in the end totally worth it!""Gotta Sack em All""."
76561198009257385,Recommended,289130,30304267,Posted: 3 March,all,newbert1,"Cities expand across the map; archers, demons, undead and titans fight it out in glorious turn-based battles; sea monsters sink your navies and just when you think you're getting the hang of it, winter sets in and your empire freezes like Napoleon in Russia.10/10 Would Recommend."
76561198083728532,Recommended,289130,30325908,Posted: 4 March,all,Sougo,"Finally, a game where I can cosplay as Gravemind."
76561197990571175,Recommended,289130,30329909,Posted: 4 March,all,/6k/Busling,"4x strategy game, designed and executed brilliantly. It brings a great variety in play style of the different factions, a well thought out UI, good replayability, as well as looking beautiful. I highly recommend this for anyone who likes 4x strategy games.Systems that make sense 95% of the time, with tool tips in all of the right places. There is no unnecessary management, if you choose to build a large empire there can be a fair bit of management involved; however it really comes down to your choice. You can put in AI governors to reduce this management, however this not something i have tried. There is a market place (as a re-searchable tech) that means almost nothing goes to waste, without unbalancing the game.Speaking of technology; the tech tree allows you to focus on what you want & need. It seems to be a unique approach and works really well.Manual combat is a bit slow. The Automatic combat resolution delivers results you would expect, but with a higher toll on your troops then if you resolve combat your self. So you can quickly 'Auto' the easy battle without fear of an unexpected loss; then delve into manual combat when you need to win well or fight a really close battle. The AI in combat makes some seemingly silly mistakes so this us a bit of a let down.I like them to add an option to speed up moves without having to triple click (which usually results in mistakes).Outfitting heroes and troops with weapons, armor and boosters is fun as well as effective.Overall a great game that I can highly recommend."
,Recommended,289130,30466297,Posted: 12 March,all,LT KASHLUK,"I was introduced to this game with the subtitles ""Fantasy 4X"" and ""Post-apocalyptic CIV"".Both of those are huge understatements. This game is much, much more.My favorite part is that it's not just largening the scale of things, making everything epic and massive. It's the depth: there's more to do and more to see in the things you already have. You don't need 45 cities if your 5 cities have enough in them to do and to explore."
76561198027326357,Recommended,289130,30495006,Posted: 13 March,all,Tony Tyrant,"I found Endless Legend more immersive than Civ, with a deeper narrative and beautiful ambience.  It's a good deal.  Try it out if you're a Civ fan."
76561198090023100,Recommended,289130,30715687,Posted: 24 March,all,Blue Hurricane,Graet game. Battle system is a little week but you can skip it.
76561198040919135,Recommended,289130,31053906,Posted: 9 April,all,Cylexus,It looks amazing and plays really well :D
76561198024893178,Recommended,289130,31086685,Posted: 11 April,all,bamdorf,"Endless Legend is a very good 4x game, that is, a Civilization game but with some magical effects added and factions that are very different from each other unlike many 4x games.   Lots of tough decisions about research, when to attack, and how to take advantage of your faction's particular abilities.Plus, the main display is gorgeous, and the interface for the most part is stellar.  The one caveat I have about the interface is that I had trouble figuring out how to see what buildings had been created in a city (very helpful after you just conquered someone else's city, for example).   Turns out there is a ""Browse"" button on the city screen that is easy to see but the name ""Browse"" just doesn't sound right!    Oh well, a very minor quibble.Oh, and at this point I think you will definitely want the expansions.  However, I strongly recommend that one starts playing on an easy level with just the base game and adding expansions one at a time.   There is a lot to absorb here (but not at all like EU4, for example - it's not a vertical cliff learning process by any means), so take it easy imo.   If you get the whole package, say on a sale deal, you can set the play to as many or as few extras as you wish.One strong point is that you can purchase heroes of different types (infantry, ranged, support=spells) and outfit them with armor, etc. as you please.   Not only that, you can upgrade the outfit of the standard unit types...which are particular to your chosen faction!   Very nice.If you are a 4x fan,  I definitely recommend this one very highly.  Enjoy."
76561198011449779,Recommended,289130,31535545,Posted: 3 May,all,Supercalifragilistic,Lovedddd itt!!!!
76561198055784485,Recommended,289130,31635787,Posted: 8 May,all,drfate786,"Great game, I was having issues with a pink screen on launch but fixed it by updating my graphics driver. Turns out Radeon drivers can't be updated the in the traditional sense and instead rely on a program to do it for you. Shout out to the community for helping me with this issue."
,Recommended,289130,31649211,Posted: 9 May,all,Midnightcurse,"Got this game in a bundle with all of the dlc on sale. It's like Civilization with fantasy aspects, but unlike civilization there is a much smaller community and less replay value. Other than that it's a fun and interesting game."
,Recommended,289130,31660318,Posted: 9 May,all,Jingle's Jangles,one of the best 4x games  on steam. almost as good as the Civilization series
,Recommended,289130,31664496,Posted: 10 May,all,orionAD6,"Its a really great game that I enjoy greatly, a sort of DnD mixed with Civ feel, all in all fantastic."
,Recommended,289130,31672250,Posted: 10 May,all,TITAN,A good strategy game with a nice visual style.
,Recommended,289130,32662393,Posted: 22 June,all,Z.D.Alicé,"It's really good, especially with friends. Some bugs here and there but nothing too bad. 9/10"
,Recommended,289130,33142084,Posted: 2 July,all,Wyverex,"A very good Fantasy 4X strategy game, recommended (especially if bought together with all expansions/DLCs)"
,Recommended,289130,33144765,Posted: 2 July,all,M.echizawa,"Never played Civ, but was drawn to artwork. Happy with the purchase"
,Recommended,289130,33183369,Posted: 3 July,all,Juliet Burke's Thick Thighs,Dude I love this game LMAO!!
,Recommended,289130,33236651,Posted: 4 July,all,The Merovingian,Better than Beyond Earth
76561197986357134,Recommended,289130,33249436,Posted: 4 July,all,Mr.Coffee,"Honestly, I suck at this game but I really love it! If you are a fan of 4X or other Amplitude's games, it's a safe buy!"
,Recommended,289130,33341837,Posted: 7 July,all,drwn,"Really enjoyable 4x and easy to sink lot of hours into, very distinctive playstyles and I also like the art style and atmosphere/music. Can recommend."
76561198009623713,Recommended,289130,33446677,Posted: 10 July,all,Opio | सांप का स,"Immersive as hell! A beautiful strategy game. Never played a game of this kind before, and I have been amazed. Very complete and complex, it can be a bit overwhelming at the begging for this reason, but once you have understood the basics you are ready to be sucked in a world of epic legends and battles for the sake of your empire."
76561198030865030,Recommended,289130,33908113,Posted: 30 July,all,jk22,Great game. Awesome graphics. Interesting. This game has it all. 10 out of 10
76561198064109658,Recommended,289130,34602183,Posted: 30 August,all,Aifread,"Super nice art direction, if you want to understand the game I would highly recommend playing with only the base game+maybe the Gelridus faction before adding any DLC."
76561198090507393,Recommended,289130,34893354,Posted: 11 September,all,Sir Ferfwaf,"Endless Legend, one of my favorite 4X games. It is about how your civillization just got a new leader, you. Congratulations on the promotion, to bad the world is ending. You must lead your people into a golden age or into damnation, you may try to fix the world through science, or try to be its last emperor. Each race is unique in its own way. Like the Broken Lords, a race of ghosts, trapped in their armor, with the survival need to feed on the living for dust, a magical substance that is uesd as currency, as the Broken Lords you may not use food to get more people, instead you must create them through dust. Broken Lords are also extremely slow, but hit hard. But we cannot forget about the main feature, winter. It will come, and it will just get longer, and longer. And in the end, the endless winter will come. This game is awesome and fun to play, combat is fun and the background story for each faction is fun and entertaining. And the art is fantastic."
,Recommended,289130,35181637,Posted: 24 September,all,Business Baby,"The game lends itself well to a wide diversity of play styles due to the stark differences between factions and has interesting gameplay mechanics, a wonderful soundtrack, and great art that has provided more than enough entertainment for the cost of the game. A feature I really enjoy is that if one of your friends owns an expansion and you don't, it will let you use their expansion in your multiplayer game with them. Major kudos for that alone."
76561198038729738,Recommended,289130,35203449,Posted: 25 September,all,the_ziman,"short review, theres a bunch of small details that the game doesnt explain, like if youre playing the cultists, some ressource gathering techs will affect your minor faction, but knowing which one can or cant or to what extend they work are questions youre often going to be asking google. but besides its weird flaws its honestly a realy fun game. i realy like that each faction were interesting, even the fishmen dlc were surprisingly fun. i was convinced they would be boring to play but endless managed to prove me wrong"
76561198097438171,Recommended,289130,35413834,Posted: 2 October,all,KingHades,"This game is like a better, fanasy version of Civilization. It is addictive and each faction is unique in mechanics and flavor. The game gives you incredible levels of detail/ customization in managing cities, changing and revising military units, diplomacy, and use of resources. However, it takes a few games before you can really understand how to best utilize these systems, so understand that going in. If you like 4X strategy games and fantasy flavor, play this game!"
,Recommended,289130,25868569,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Bobson00,"Great story, lovely art and interesting game play. The map does give me a bit of eye strain due to the many different types of tile, unlike the civ games."
,Recommended,289130,25892426,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,BVLoX,"A very innovative 4X game. Great lore, interesting mechanics. If you're tired of Civ, or just want to try something new once in a while, it's highly recommended."
,Recommended,289130,25893471,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Forgo10hero,"I absolutely LOVE this 4x game. It has everything that I enjoy in a 4x, plus more! The focus on combat and city building really makes it shine above Civilization for me. The only thing I don't enjoy so much is how arbitrary the gear choices are for your armies... sometimes it feels like there's really only 1 good choice amongst the items."
,Recommended,289130,25896256,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,TiltedAxis,"A very solid 4X.Pros:LoreFaction differentiation (seriously, each faction is COMPLETELY DIFFERENT from the others)Amplitude's community interactionVisualsMusicMeh:Combat can be very engaging and occasionally infuriating.  But then it gets cool again.  It's weird.Cons:Hmmm...  Maybe someday I'll think of one."
,Recommended,289130,25899994,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,A Cruel Angel's Thesis,"If you liked Civ, you will most likely like this game.  It definitely takes some patience to learn the mechanics (I highly recommend going through the tutorial regardless of whether or not you have had previous experience with 4X games) but they contribute to what is ultimately a complex and well crafted game.  The devs are also a great group of people with regards to pricing and DLC whom I will gladly support with a couple extra dollars here and there.  The setting, music, and artwork are all excellent.  My only real gripe with an otherwise excellent game are the victory conditions, which feel  bland especially compared to Civ - there's the standard conquer and expand, but science, wonder, and faction quest victories are ""research every late game tech"" ""discover all of this thing that is marked on the map"" and ""build a thing for your faction"" respectively.  Overall a purchase I do not regret, I look forward to seeing what this studio has planned for the future."
76561197960521703,Recommended,289130,25901305,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Oncogene,Great gameImagine Civ and Homm3 had a love child.This is that game
,Recommended,289130,25931535,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Shortiewaswo,"A really nicely thought out, beautiful, and clever turn-based strategy game. The civilizations are varied, as well as the map environs, providing a nice change up map-to-map or civ-to-civ."
,Recommended,289130,25932622,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Literally Unplayable,A great 4x game
,Recommended,289130,25940895,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Toast The Sniper,"The best 4x game i have played to date. The art is stellar, the battle system is tactical. All the systems in this game are well done."
,Recommended,289130,25996325,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Slinks,"As someone who doesn't really like these types of games (like civ and such), I love this game. The different races all playing super differently, the artstyle, the tidbits of lore and story and quests throughout, and my god the music. Excellent."
,Recommended,289130,26056535,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Hurp,Most atmospheric 4x I've ever played.
76561198008166543,Recommended,289130,26058535,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Manifest,"If you're a 4X fan, this game deserves your attention."
76561198140257724,Recommended,289130,26086879,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Mimer,"For the first ~30 hours of playing Endless Legend, I thought I had come upon the next of the greatest strategy games. A sort of successor to HOMM, with a beautiful map to explore, fight and quest on. There's interesting races that require different strategies and change the gameplay fundamentally depending on which race you play with. There's winters that increase in severity and change the map and gameplay quite radically. DLCs are not needed, but each add new features and a race in a neat way. Research tree is nice, there's influence points that you spend on different actions and lots of ways to win.But, and it's a big but, the AI is extra ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I first thought I only played on too low difficulty, but increasing the difficulty only means that the AI cheats more blatantly. The AI can't handle the tactical combat. The AI will not change their strategy depending on which race they play. They will usually only spam the same sort of non-upgraded armies throughout the game, including troops that needs to be micromanaged to function properly. Diplomacy is a mess. You'll have to constantly bribe the AI in order to keep treaties that are hugely beneficial for them. During winter, the AI will be completely crippled. So a lot of the good features in Endless Legend are somewhat ruined by the lack of an AI that can handle them.The commands in tactical combat is also a bit weak. In some cases, it might be needed to let the AI control some of your troops, which usually leads to the AI moving them to a bad location - troops act in turn depending on initiative, and if your troop has low initiative it's hard to know where the enemy will be at when your troop act. If you then let the AI control the unit and set the behaviour to ""Offensive"", the AI should move towards the closest enemy to strike at it. If that enemy is inaccessible, the turn is wasted, sometimes the AI will move your troop away from the battle instead. Note also that the closest enemy is not calculated, only measured (so the path might be longer). The AI does not know how to use the terrain at all, and will completely disregard height advantages and terrain with defensive bonuses. There are also some minor problems in actually issuing commands.I still would recommend the game at full price though, but I recon you'll get 20-40 hours of real fun from it before you get tired of the AI. How fun you have from that point depends on how much you like the other features of the game."
76561198077902411,Recommended,289130,26116766,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,JTBKnuggetsauce,"An amazing game, especially if you can get a couple of your friends to play with you. Just be sure to take your time and learn each faction and don't rush through the tutorials. Yes, the game is complex but with a little patience it should only take a small amount of time to learn the rules. I was unsure about buying this game because it had mixed reviews but seriously, I don't know what there is NOT to like about this game. Not sure why it has any downvotes at all.Get this game, you'll never go back to CIV."
76561197979753277,Recommended,289130,26116797,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Eldril Sidewinder,"With Civ 6 about to launch, wanted to voice my opinion about what I consider a truly great 4x-- Endless Legend.  I appreciate the risk it takes to try something truly innovative in a genre.  Specifically, each race is very distintive, something that provides challenging to both balance and give to players in games.  With deep custimization and the fact that each race plays very differently, this is a game that should be welcome in collections.  The lack of a true AI is really one of very few complaints in this game."
76561198051617731,Recommended,289130,26172929,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Sir_Pear_Tree,On my awful computer every game runs like crap.  This one makes up for it with gorgeous  artwork and an inspiring soundtrack.
,Recommended,289130,26175043,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,방구석 혁명가,"They say it hard and boring, I say it deep and complexDeep and complex gameplay, gorgeous graphics and illusts, and well-made background stories connected to whole Endless seriesThis is definitely my favorite 4X game I've ever played"
76561198009224380,Recommended,289130,26325747,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Flagritz,Great game - highly recommend
76561198047129816,Recommended,289130,26426902,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Zenyatta,"Can be hard to get into but the game does have its charm.  All in all a good game with a fair price, but make sure you get the game bundle with all the dlc and it seems to be on sale a few times a year."
76561198006506395,Recommended,289130,26444192,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Polymath,"It's a great game, it really is.It has depth, but not too much.It has a story that's actually interesting and dares to do something new.Combat can feel shallow and weak at first, but there is so much hidden in the stats and upgrades that work in your favour that aren't immediately apparent.Graphics look great, but the unique design makes everything feel a bit like playdough and plastic.Sound design is ecxellent.The different races feel unique and have inherent bonuses and traits that truly make them stand apart in everything they do, unlike most 4x games.Quests are good, and victory conditions are standard fare, but with some twists.8/10"
76561198050286623,Recommended,289130,26529279,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Amlis,This game is beutiful and I always love comming back to it
,Recommended,289130,26717691,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,alonsoII,amazing game.
,Recommended,289130,26787218,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Patrucius2,"A wonderfully deep 4X strategy game.  The visuals, world lore, and gameplay drew me in and never let go."
76561198036928885,Recommended,289130,26904315,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RottenToMato,Strategy and city building is the core focus of this game. How you want to play the game depends on your choice and there are a variety of factions to choose from.This game is very addicting. I love the concept and the flow of music during the game. Sets a very unique exeperience to it. I like the fact that continuous DLC's are being released for the game. Though it would be nice to sell these dlc's to existing customers at a cheaper rate.
,Recommended,289130,26904524,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Urtel,"Lets take a look at whats great and not so great about Endless Legend, a sequel to Endless Space 4x game that now takes a more fantasy-like setting. Its still a 4x game with all same tropes, yet it has several major advantages over Civ games in my opinion. For starters, it has better combat which is a big enough reason for me. Now let me list all the positives and negatives i found about this game.Pros:Great visual style and designEasy to learn and very neat UIEasy to pickup if you have already played 4x gamesDifferent from other 4x games due to unique races and mechanicsMusic is just phenominalActual battlefields for combat more in tone with HoMM rather than simplified Civ styleHas random quests and faction unique sorylinesHas Heroes and progressions, which strengthens HoMM vibe even moreCons:AI is still not that great, same as with other strategy games, it relies on cheats to provide better competitionSimplified Research when compared to Endless Space (might be a pro, if you are new or dislike complex tech trees)Addicting like any other 4x game. Just one more turn, and one more ... Oh look, its 5amAll in all i strongly recommend this game to anyone, even if you never played 4x games or srategy games in general.It really brings the feeling of magical and unknown world around you. And music is insane. Seriously. One of the best soundtracks i ever heard."
,Recommended,289130,26905113,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lamsey,"Help, I can't stop playing this game. Just one more turn..."
,Recommended,289130,27015223,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gazlowe the dwarf,great game for a great price:) love it
76561198038091144,Recommended,289130,27020691,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Knight6726,"I'm not usually a fan of DLC. By the time it comes out I'm done with the game and onto the next game in line. However, Endless Legend has gotten me to come back time and again with each new DLC release. If you've ever enjoyed Civ or similar strategy games and you're a fantasy type of geek, give this game a shot, you won't be disappointed!"
76561197983020949,Recommended,289130,27021045,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elendel,"This is one of the best 4X games of all time. It is the only one that is on par with Civilization.There are a variety of races, and each races has its own unique twist/mechanic. The Broken Lords use dust instead of food and can heal their units with dust; whereas,  the Necrophages gain food from units killed in combat, can poison enemy units, and can convert enemies killed in battle into thier own melee troops.It has a variety of victory conditions. Most favor certain races, either through race mechanics or through design - for example, the Wild Walkers have a significantly easier faction quest than most races."
,Recommended,289130,27027986,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GOD,I feel like more people shoul know about and play this game
76561198049036651,Recommended,289130,27045072,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Servo,I love the sci-fi/fantasy blend in the game and the uniqueness of the factions. if you are a fan of civ series give it a go.
76561198038545010,Recommended,289130,27088444,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Bad Who Sold The World,"My first game.ı start as Vaulters, Im a human race who has no idea what my forefathers was doing. They had a technology which we cant understand now, my quest is to undersand my ancestors and save my race from dying planet.So Im always improving myself on science just few armies for local enemies. Suddenly these reptile race pops up. I research them they are a diplomatic race not an agressive one it says. Im like ok I dont need armies. There is only one neutral zone left between us and ım acting quick and colonazing it to myself. Suddenly this uver grown reptile f*ck pops up and says agression on the border this means war. And Im like f*ck!I dont have any huge sized armies but: But I have good money so I buy tons of Mercenaries and defend my border. A few turns later his armies are perished and he says lets make peace and Im like: Operation Suck My Peace begins!Then I got addicted to it and Im not complaining it. Gonna play it until Endless Space 2.Definitly amazing game!"
,Recommended,289130,27108635,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FML| 天空龙,1 more turn.....
,Recommended,289130,27142409,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Casavo,"If you like civ and would love a more fantasy setting, simply put this is the game to do it. Endless legend is a great game all the way through. The polish here is very apperant as the game never seems to fail to deliver on what it is. The foundation my have been civ but the walls, roof, and interior are all it's own. Civ 6 even seems to have taken some infulance from endless legend with its district system that is very similar to the system in this game and thats a good thing in both directions. 9/10"
,Recommended,289130,27171726,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Suzuren,"An Amazing 4X game that in a way revolutionized the genre for me, someone who has spent hundreds maybe even thousands of hours in series like Civ and Heroes of Might and Magic.The greatest pro as far as single player goes is that the AI is actually somewhat challenging and unlike Civ for example you seriously can't research every single tech in that tree.The greatest con for now... is simply the lack of 'proper' co-op multiplayer and that's all.All in all a great game."
76561197960566286,Recommended,289130,27205432,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Max MQrn,Awesome 4X game that I keep comming back to!
76561198049049959,Recommended,289130,27209836,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,emperial,"I play both Civ V and Endless Legend - they both are deep, and I would hate to compare them and say one is better than the other. So by evaluating Endless Legend by itself,What I feel is most unique about EL (and also the traits that I love)1. its combat system - the use of terrain, the customization of units through the use of strategic resource on difference equipment, the magick-and-mythological stuff.2. the stark differences between the races with their own quest lines"
76561198029750619,Recommended,289130,27235619,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aliessil,"I've been playing 4X games since the original Civ, and this is my favourite so far! I love how each of the races plays differently, something I've never really felt in similar games."
,Recommended,289130,27242216,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tyak,Best 4X game. Period.
,Recommended,289130,27280843,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FlyingScotsman,Extremely addictive fantasy 4x with a fantastic UI.
76561198035985197,Recommended,289130,27308256,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aoqi,"It's a good 4X strategy, with very unique setting, lore and factions. Be mindful, however, of some performance issues (game tends to use 100% of GPU, in later stages AI takes significant amount of time to end their turn). An excellent podcast game (play it while listening to something on second screen / in the background)"
76561198125486932,Recommended,289130,27329935,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Prime Penister,"While not perfect, this game does everything a 4X game does incredibly well,Original, balanced, numerous win conditions and most importantly, lotsa fun."
76561197964743805,Recommended,289130,27354020,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Memento Mori,Forget Civ 6.... This is the 4x strategy game you should play over Christmas.
76561198273199145,Recommended,289130,27455225,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Endershroomer,"This game is amazing!I haven't had much experience with other 4X games (only ~5 hours of Civ5), but Endless Legend is one of my favorite games this year. I nearly failed my midterm test because I couldn't stop playing this. Each of the factions play uniquely, and every game poses a different challenge. It's hard to stop playing, because you always want ""just one more turn"".From the artistic perspective, this game is beautiful. While the graphics aren't high-fidelty, the art design captures the wonder of Auriga amazingly. The music is also stunning; I find myself listening to it whenever I need a good, emotional background music.All in all, I wholeheartedly recommend Endless Legend to anyone who is considering buying it."
,Recommended,289130,27485310,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xenic,"""Just One More Turn"": The Game.This game drew me into thw world of 4X games and provides a large amount of variety and depth to the game. Its great if you like boardgames and even draws you into a rich narrative world with each factions own story."
,Recommended,289130,27547299,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tarkkus,"Beautiful and addictive. It's like a complicated game of chess, with a few different layers of gameplay.If you don't have this game, get it. It's gorgeous for eyes, ears, and the mind."
,Recommended,289130,27769086,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,raptorcsn,Refreshing addition to the 4x Turn Based Genre.
76561198055435146,Recommended,289130,27818988,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Angry_Lozina,Excellent game.
,Recommended,289130,27830756,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Errons1,"I was like, I like RTS. And thought ""Why not?"" in 2014 abd was like meh :cIn 2016 and was like ""Maby to play games i havent played so much"" ENDLESS LEGENS IS THA BEST"
,Recommended,289130,27839375,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,|KKK|Max,a way better alternative to civ. more in depth battles and a way more fun militairy expierence. the artwork is this game is one of the best i have ever seen
,Recommended,289130,27858249,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TyrannosaurusTranSex,"Eeverything in game is very beautiful, interesting and stylish, the music is amazing !"
,Recommended,289130,27904032,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Csernski,"With all the expansions, this is one complete game with a lot to offer any 4X player. EL tops Civ any day of the week."
,Recommended,289130,28030868,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PollyGrey,"It took me a few hours to get the hang of the game, as it is somewhat different from what I was used to in Civilization 5. First of all, you are punished significantly more by having more cities, so if you want to expand all over the map, you would probably need to build a specific faction to do so. This brings me to the 2nd large difference: You can create your own faction by mixing and matching traits from the different factions, and boy are those different! In my 56 hours of game time I haven't even tried out all factions yet, but in contrast to Civilization, I am very much inclined to. This is simply because of the large differences between them, which keeps it all fresh and interesting. The combat system is very different from what I was used to as well. It really takes planning: You try to give your units orders to the best of your abilities, and then the combat round plays out in its entirety all at once. I love the tactical planning this requires. All in all, I definitely got the 'one more turn' feeling from this game, and would heartily recommend it to any 4x fan!"
,Recommended,289130,28113841,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rash,"If you enjoy 4x games, there is no reason why you wouldn't like this."
,Recommended,289130,28118092,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Alan,"Never liked Civ style kind of game, but this one is REALLY good. Also, the lore is very well developed."
,Recommended,289130,28487186,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Rexburger,"Been playing Civilization for a while (II and V mostly with a side of SMAC and Colonization) but this is a pretty great game with a nice breath of fresh air for someone looking for a 4X game that's about on equal footing with Civ games as far as difficulty goes.-> Really strong thematically with an expansive and interesting backstory with relatively unique theming for factionsbroken lords a best-> Quests to give you something to do and can also be story-based-> Game encourages you to play wide instead of tall (like in Civ V)-> Summer/Winter mechanic-> Hero units complete with special abilities and RPG-style leveling-> Turn-based combat in specialized instances turn battles into something where you have to think. Being clever about fighting can often nullify having numerically weaker units-> Unit design/customization like in SMAC?!-> Elevation like in SMAC?!-> Really good art direction and music/sound-> Super-friendly and elegant UI. I figured out most stuff without even playing the tutorial.-> Doesn't look like♥♥♥♥♥♥on lower settings and loads MUCH quicker than Civ VThere are some downsides, however. The game sometimes closes all of a sudden (luckily autosaves make this more of an annoyance), the diplomacy is kind of eh, and the AI is prone to let you mostly walk all over them in lower difficulties (which is fine when you're learning the ropes but can get boring quick)Overall, I'm really impressed! If you want a change from Civ-style 4X this is where to scratch that itch. With its extremely strong premise, art direction, and theme (not to mention sharing some game elements) it's much more of a successor to SMAC than Beyond Earth will ever be. Yet it's different enough from Civ games to stand on its own. I definitely want to see where Amplitude will go next."
,Recommended,289130,28678084,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Benjamax,"Really enjoy the art, style and gameplay of this 4X! From what I have play I really feel like this game is setting a standard for the genre."
76561198024981452,Recommended,289130,28888828,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Rikis,"An amazing fantasy based 4X strategy. Though there aren't a plethora of units, every single unit can be customized to grant quite a bit of diversity. Though you can learn every ""tech"" in the game, the increased cost for each one you research as well as your race's attributes makes you think carefully about which ones to go for. Speaking of races, they are varied (except the Mezari that were originally a bonus that's now available to everyone) and each has a compelling story that can be followed in game via quests. Or completely ignored if you just want to focus on the strategy. The sound track is amazing, FlyByNo was able to capture each race's personality with the music s/he/they composed for them.I cannot recommend this game enough. It is well worth the full price."
76561198074910727,Recommended,289130,29024488,Posted: 4 January,all,House of Tards,"I'm pretty sure my♥♥♥♥♥has fused to the chair I've been sitting in for the past 3 days, send help pls"
,Recommended,289130,29130925,Posted: 8 January,all,Cletus Kasady,"If you are into 4k games, then this is the game to get. Read other more detailed reviews for pros and cons. All I can say, from an experienced gamer, this game is incrediably well done.The only reason there are bad reviews is because unforntunatly CoD gamers sometimes stumble accross this game and their lack of focus and brain size makes it so they can not appreciate this amazing game."
,Recommended,289130,29175523,Posted: 10 January,all,Salahn,"Best 4x game I've played, 10/10"
76561198001668419,Recommended,289130,29232181,Posted: 13 January,all,CapFox,Strange.
76561198002400750,Recommended,289130,29437875,Posted: 22 January,all,Rum Ham,"Think Civ V or Warlock (and Warlock 2) with a very different combat system. It goes along with the lore of the ""Endless"" games. It's a decent strategy game for being a civ clone with a fantasy touch that isn't replicated in many other places."
,Recommended,289130,29563085,Posted: 29 January,all,Jaquan,I won the first game i played with my friend through diplomacy. I literally conquered the world through talking. 10/10 game but really 8/10 combat can sometimes be tedious
,Recommended,289130,29840576,Posted: 10 February,all,Summonergeek,So much fun! New to these games(4X) and playing on easy. LOVING IT! Great graphics and sound. Tons of options and steamworks. Tons to love. Im sure Ill be putting many more hours into this. Thumbs way up!
76561198072596086,Recommended,289130,29860367,Posted: 11 February,all,cronopio,Every strategy fan should have a look at this.
,Recommended,289130,30281988,Posted: 2 March,all,Shooting Schools Since  94',"Got it on sale, worth my bucks"
,Recommended,289130,30286453,Posted: 2 March,all,Grin Grawlix,"Auriga, I've discovered, truly is endless upon her beloved, hexagonally-natured self. As I delve through ruins, raise cities from dust, and destroy her tormentors, I will myself on along her unforgiving landscape with tense, exploratory passion. Each faction offers an amazing story, and gives a very diverse replayability. You learn through each playthrough different ways to take down those who oppose, manipulate the enemy, or to make an economic (or diplomatic) foothold in everyone's pocket. Countless options stand before you to ponder in this gem!"
76561198026804236,Recommended,289130,30297530,Posted: 3 March,all,robertgcurtis,"Imagine a Civilization game but with more focus on combat, RPG elements and with a fantasy flavour. It is definitely ""just one more turn"" addictive, and the highly differentiated factions and good use of random elements such as quests and resource availability make individual games memorable.One word of caution: coming from Civilization you will need to give the game a few hours to learn the many strange but ultimately satisfying systems. If you want some guidance on how to play Endless Legend check out the highly entertaining YouTube videos of SB(https://www.youtube.com/sbplaysgames). He currently puts out a few new Endless Legend videos per week and has a huge back catalogue."
76561198025812610,Recommended,289130,30319261,Posted: 4 March,all,Schwarzpferd,"This is a game that is very hard to review. On the one hand I want to talk about how great the game is, on the other hand that means I have to stop playing it long enough to review it. GrrrSeriously though it is awesome. Below are what my pros and cons would be.Pros:1) Ability to alter AI so that they cannot ever declare war on you. (Useful for when trying to learn the game or just focus on non-combat victory.)2) Excellent difficulty scale. You want a cakewalk you got it, you wanna die horribly with no chance of ever being victorious? You got it.3) Extremly customizable factions. You can alter a faction before game start to your liking in terms of bonuses and penalties.4) Rewarding exploration. There are ruins all throughout the map to explore and with tech they can be explored again. Better yet, the rewards to be found scale to your current age and some of them are insane(in a good way). For example in a recent game while exploring temples in allied territory I found a staff that was insanly better than the ones I had researched. I have played almost a hundred hours and beaten the game a few times and I am still finding stuff in games, like artifacts and weapons, that I had not yet seen in previous games.5) Lots of quests with stories. Every faction has their unique story quests and then you have various other missions and quests throughout the world as you explore ruins and minor faction villages. Lots of quest variety as well.6) Play violently or peacably, both are viable options for dealing with AI players and the minor factions throughout the game. So in a recent game I had a choice, kill the people in a village and force them to join my empire, fork over lots of cash to convince them I am awesome or build a watchtower near them to prove that I am a leader that can lookout for them.7) Seasons are a part of this game, winter and summer each with different effects.8) Ai is very compitent in battle. Often times I leave my troops to fight on auto because the moves it has them make are really good ones and smart. For example if a unit has an aoe attack it will have it move next to as many enemies as possible before attacking.9) Multiplayer works well. I have spent many hours playing online with a friend. Everything has ran smoothly and simultanious turns works as intended.10) Diplomacy actually works. In most games it is just tacted-on but here there are lots of options and AI players respond in a sensible way to your actions. To explain allow me to list the course of events I had in my current game.I was next to a faction known as the cultists and when I colonized next to them I got a message stating that now we have shared boarders so I should be cautous. I expanded all around them quickly...they grew to dispise my ""aggressive colonization."" They had converted a minor tribe in one of my territories so I attacked and destroyed it. They got angry for my aggression in a ""cold war"" and closed their boarders to me. They then started to infiltrate and sabatage my cities. I responded by using my faction ability to ban them from using the market. With no ability to buy stuff anymore and with me having surrounded their lands with my lands they then stopped sabataging my cities. After a while they asked nicely to be allowed back into the market. I aggreed. They reentered the market and have been playing nice with me ever since.I could give more incidents, but like I say the AI behaves in a way that makes sense and goes with their presonality.11) Incredible troop and hero upgrade and customization system. You can equip all heroes and units in a similiar way to how you would do so in an rpg.12) Every time you reach a new tech level all new recruits start at a higher level meaning end game you dont have to worry about training new soldiers only to have them be level one and basically useless.13) The game has dlc/expansions that are worth every penny as is the whole game itself.Cons:1) The game is very different in many ways, and while I am not saying being different is a bad thing it is something that takes a while to learn. Big learning curve and tutorial is all text that you must read, making it more of a daunting task to get into.2) Cities can be infiltrated very early in the game with lots of damaging affects...techs, skilsl and equipment to counter this are not available until late game. This means you have no choice but to deal with this annoyance until later tech ages.3) The ability to construct buildings that do damage to enemy units in your territory passivly cannot be built until your game has experienced at least 2 or 3 winters.4) One of the game's factions cannot be played unless you own the game ""Dungeons of the Endless""5) Each round of combat has you issuing orders and then not being able to issue new ones until next round. So you give all your units the order but if things don't go as planed you cannot do anything to change the orders until everyone on battlefield has moved.All in all it is a great strategy game and one that I love dearly but it is very different in a lot of ways. Seriously spend some time watching lets plays or gameplay in general before buying, especially vidoes showing the combat system. This is honestly not a game that ""everyone should play."" The game set out to be different and I love that difference but for others it may not be what they are looking for. I would best describe it as a turn-based strategy RPG, and a good one at that, but like I said with my review of Lords of magic it is differnt and different is not a bad thing just know what you are getting into.I am enjoying my purchase and If I saw the devs I would pull a Phillip J Fry and say, ""Shut up and take my money!"" :)"
76561197985118770,Recommended,289130,30393096,Posted: 8 March,all,odessitMK,If you like Civilization - its a must have game.It is like civ in fantasy world mixed a little bit with heroes of might and magic.
76561198117835675,Recommended,289130,30478171,Posted: 12 March,all,Chocolatebitz,"Excellent game with great core gamplay, and DLC adds to the eperience in a good way, well worth getting.only downside is that it does take a little to understand/learn how to play due to a moderatly complex system of research and large numbers of unique units"
76561198036195106,Recommended,289130,30523991,Posted: 15 March,all,PAINT_IT_BLACK,Perfect game. endless space is perfect as well.i bought all endless series. i advice u to play the game. congratz to makers of game...
,Recommended,289130,30562423,Posted: 16 March,all,Ravioli,"As a person who never really played games like civilization, but Heroes of Might and Magic, I like this game a lot! Once you get deeper and deeper inside the world of Auriga and the difficulty rises from  game to game, you find yourself in need to elaborate the best solution out of the scenario you are stuck in. Love it!"
,Recommended,289130,30699179,Posted: 23 March,all,WaterMalone,"Quick reviewGreat game would recommend this game even if its not on sale.Imagine Sid Mieres Civ but with a mix of fantasy, scifi and all. And a bit of Heroes of Might and magic look as well. The lore is great as well. Fun game"
76561198028243653,Recommended,289130,31683409,Posted: 11 May,all,MindTwisted,"Great game. The AI is a little wonky, but it is not game-breaking."
,Recommended,289130,32210844,Posted: 5 June,all,Lemonocle,Endless Legend is one of my favorite 4X strategy games. It is a unique 4X experience with a lot of depth that is fun to explore.
76561198055664207,Recommended,289130,32762096,Posted: 25 June,all,bobrooni03,solid 4x game 9/10 great for the genre
,Recommended,289130,33111183,Posted: 1 July,all,Globalgig,"My favorite of all the 4X games I've played, better than Civ in my opinion, with an amazing combination of art, lore, and strategy."
76561198081263952,Recommended,289130,33146613,Posted: 2 July,all,Sergio24,Great game
76561198065644999,Recommended,289130,33282381,Posted: 5 July,all,CloudAsylum,i got this game a few days ago and i already have 20 hours played and even less of a life than before. it was worth every ♥♥♥♥ing penny.
,Recommended,289130,33327075,Posted: 6 July,all,Eden Hack,"One of, if not the best turn based strategy game I've been able to play. I cant sit down and play stuff like Europa but I love this."
76561198369915949,Recommended,289130,33399858,Posted: 9 July,all,Stormfrenzy88,Endless Legend is a great game. In fact it looks like it's the most inspiring strategy game of late.First of the game looks beautiful and has such an amazing soundtrack that it really creates a rich atmosphere. The faction and unit design is also the best I've seen yet.The gameplay is similar to Civ and MoO series but adds a lot of improvements of it's own. The added RPG style elements like questing and gearing of heroes and units is a great addition. The factions are very unique and play more differently from each other than in any other game.Overall I feel that Endless Legend is one of the greatest strategy games ever made and everyone who is serious about strategy games should give it a go.
76561198124764724,Recommended,289130,33445097,Posted: 10 July,all,Blanka,You better have a lot of spare time.
76561198077023798,Recommended,289130,33451025,Posted: 11 July,all,Ares,"This is everything I wish the civ series was. If you're a fan of the 4x genre, this really is a must have.One of my favorite elements of the game is the unit design. Being able to customize your units with the gear you like adds a really engaging element that I've always wished I could have in a medieval/fantasy 4x. It also allows your early units to stay relevant over the course of a game, as you continue to outfit them with newer and better arms. In fact, both of my first two games ended in conquest victories with my very first starting units there in the thick of it, leading the charge.The overall breadth of content is super impressive, with a phenomenal amount of quests, races, units, technologies, etc. You can play a dozen games and still continue to encounter new aspects of the game with each new playthrough.One of the only deficits of the game is the lack of a strong in-game help system. There are a lot of little odds and ends that could benefit from some more detailed explanation, and I found myself occasionally alt-tabing out to check online during my first games. There's so much underlying complexity that it could potentially feel somewhat overwhelming at first if you're new to the genre, however the game is forgiving enough on the easier difficulties that more casual gamers won't have to worry if they're not playing optimally.The AI is predictably underwhelming as in almost all 4x games, but c'est la vie. The FoH2 mod (and related modmods) for Civ IV has been my go-to for nigh on a decade now, but I think I've finally found something to unseat its reign of terror over my free time. I haven't yet tried it in multiplayer, so can't comment as to how it runs there, but hopefully will be turning on some of my friends to this great game soon!"
76561198040711515,Recommended,289130,34279793,Posted: 16 August,all,mrbunnyban,"Endless Legend is actually pretty good, so I can recommend this game. One of the main contentions was that the AI was really dumb, which has been sort of addressed? Anyway, there are a lot of things going for EL. One is that each faction really has flavour and sometimes its' own gameplay changes, unlike Civilization's countries which has a few minor bonuses which generally don't affect gameplay much. The other is that EL really mixes up the Civ formula in different ways that actually work, keeping the game feeling fresh. Gamers like to play with new things, after all.Speaking of playing with new things, one design flaw: the tactics layer. Generally you won't have access to many unit types because new units of your own faction requires research. So the tactics layer gets kind of stale since it's filled with many of the same unit. You can sort of get around this by enlisting minor factions that complement your basic units."
,Recommended,289130,26092213,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,brodrian,"Really excellent game. Takes some of the best elements of Endless Space and Civ and ends up with something truly great. It looks beautiful, runs well, has incredible replayability, and is just overall a must own for fans of the genre."
76561198152148006,Recommended,289130,26321296,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,MostLucky,Great game.. I love it!
,Recommended,289130,26484658,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,You On Kazoo,10/10
76561198006901522,Recommended,289130,26486501,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Zarok,It's an amazing game!
,Recommended,289130,27034347,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kisa,One of the best 4X I have playe in ages.  With it new mechanics it sets itself apart from Civ games others.
,Recommended,289130,27082455,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kwai,A game that keeps begging you to play 1 more turn and another turn.It's an amazing looking 4X turn based game. I'd prefer this over Civ5
76561198029400881,Recommended,289130,27186936,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Noesis,"I simply can't believe how completely different the game play can be for the various factions in this game.  Each faction has at least one extra-ordinary ability, or limitation, that changes your entire strategy in the game.  For many conquest games there's either little to no difference between the various races, or one of the races is clearly superior to the others, I don't feel like that's the case in Endless Legends.  This game is really a lot of fun."
,Recommended,289130,27402149,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maneuver,I still find this better than Civ 6
,Recommended,289130,27660644,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Loneway4,"I can't believe there are still new DLCs, that deprives me of my rights to play other games..."
76561198042066721,Recommended,289130,27674571,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,algumacoisaqq,"Don`t know what else I can add, it is really cool how the factions work differently, but late game is faster and better than most others 4x games I`ve played, but still still drags on as usual for this genre. I have to say it is the 4x game I`ve enjoyed the most so far."
76561198052013106,Recommended,289130,27730659,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,squareoil,Wait... just... TEN more... turns...
76561198083065186,Recommended,289130,27829630,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Humble GinJar,"Wonderful game, who needs civ when you have this.no crashing,smooth gameplay for large multiplayer games."
76561198028381103,Recommended,289130,29233388,Posted: 13 January,all,darwins_rat,I love this game!
76561198154580533,Recommended,289130,29543449,Posted: 28 January,all,Keltoi1659,If you want a more robust strategy game to while away the hours this is it. Every time I play I seem to find something new and every DLC adds a new method of play to keep things fresh.
76561198058679440,Recommended,289130,29555495,Posted: 28 January,all,Sarah,Brain bendingly different than Civ 5 in a most excellent way.Two enthusiastic thumbs up!
,Recommended,289130,29780018,Posted: 8 February,all,Svalbaz,I actually prefer this game to Civilization.It is a really well thought out 4X title with a unique flavour and beautiful graphics. The lore of the world is fantastic. Each race is unique and offers a different playing experience.You can even create your own custom race that suits your playstyle.What else do you need in a 4X?
76561198111085881,Recommended,289130,30077311,Posted: 21 February,all,Cybran,"Good game,but still needs an better altitude towards the Chinese players.Each faction has its own speciality,and the tempest dlc provides a bigger world to explore and conquer,enriching the game.Heros，units design and the mixture of fantasy and sci-fi make it look different from other 4x games and display an attractive world.It might be very interesting to write a fiction based on the game."
,Recommended,289130,31488422,Posted: 1 May,all,RedDHyde77,"This by far th best strategy game I've ever played, it brings together amazing graphics, superb battle and movement and diverse storyline and choices. When you play this you truly feel that you are living in another world, the time between actions is just right to keep it fresh and realistic and convenient to play."
,Recommended,289130,34875723,Posted: 10 September,all,The Rampaging Tides,"Depending on your tastes I would argue this game is better then some Civ games. While limiting in unit types to fight with, each faction / race plays very different in terms of achieving victory. Along with a story quest that each carries with them into the game, and you got a unique and fun 4x game."
,Recommended,289130,25892932,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Jelly Eric Prydz,"One of the best 4X games I have ever played, absolutely phenomenal. Would recommend it to anyone into or not into the genre."
76561198013653154,Recommended,289130,26831741,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Insight,Well worth the moey when its on sale
76561198015930880,Recommended,289130,26874149,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ammoless,One more turn..... The game sucks you in and with every race playing differently keeps things interesting.
76561197977825762,Recommended,289130,27044047,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,|Spellman,"One of the more innovative takes on the 4x genre.Solid basic mechanics, diverse races that break the game in unique methods, divergent ways to win.Plus interesting development of the formula from getting expanding city districts right to how the world is broken into regions. Not to mention an interesting blend of 4X strategy, turn-based tactical fights, quests, and RPG heroes.Not everything is perfect. The UI for combat could be clearer for example. But still a solid entry to the 4x genre."
,Recommended,289130,27091167,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bogglin,The best 4X Game i ever played
,Recommended,289130,27251622,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Groyer,It's like Civilization but in a more fantasy style setting. Has grid-based strategy combat which is ♥♥♥♥in' sweet. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,289130,27324449,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nordic Jesus,A quick review to start with. This is the fantasy themed 4x game we've all been waiting for for decades.I got the base game on sale and was so impressed with the gameplay that I've subsequently payed full price for all DLC.  Each  DLC is focussed on building out and expanding on an un-developed(but still solid) componenet of the base game.  I highly reccommend purchasing the complete pack and losing hours of sleep to this masterpiece.
,Recommended,289130,27499420,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Avokado Mavokado,The OST I listen to when I shower.
76561198063224681,Recommended,289130,27647221,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,主人公 ジョーカー 来栖 暁,Addictive game on steam
,Recommended,289130,27913278,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Incognito,"One of most satisfying 4x turn based game in existance. It is absolutely gorgeous with great depth bordering on being overly complex. I recommend disabling all the expansions and using the wildwalkers before fiddling with any of the newer systems or weird factions. It is a unique blend of games like Civilization and Final Fantasy Tactics in an original and unique setting, faction specific quests guide you through your factions story as you compete with others in the the game. The faction quests and random quests add so much to the experience."
,Recommended,289130,27953634,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hakuouki_Leaf,"endless game play, really enjoy this :)"
76561198115684832,Recommended,289130,28113804,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FabledHero,Really loved this game.
76561198001585305,Recommended,289130,28129498,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,doofgod,"Great game, very much like civilization, except the races are much more unique, and combat is much more involved. More victory conditions to chase as well."
76561198099441894,Recommended,289130,28810781,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,LezDole,"One of the most beautiful and richest game I have ever played. It does need a little bit of effort put into it, especially if you are a beginner. Lot of things early are confusing, but game does have good tooltips to explain stuff better."
76561197971001562,Recommended,289130,28836792,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lucius,"Very fun.The game plays much like a mix between Civilizations and Heroes:Might and Magic, mostly the former but the combat grid swaps to the latter using the world map as a backdrop. It's interesting enough to differentiate it as a game, and it works for what it is.I had a ton of fun in my first game, and was able to pick up the basics within a dozen turns. I would say that scaling creep in this game will make or break your experience. Get far enough into the game, and just invade and conquer. You have so much dust and resources coming in you can instantly level up a new City center (and assign over your governor hero for the xp cheesing) at an alarming rate. By mid to late game I was letting auto combat take care of the more time consuming combats and steamrolled across the world map.The different nations are all unique in some way or another, so you can definitely play the game your way. It's a fun game to play several times, but I don't see this being too interesting in multiplayer. Mostly b/c the Civ flavor of the game dominates any potential and interesting flavor from the Heroics:MM side of it.That said, it's a great game and I'm having a lot of fun with it. I just think it is interesting in that it is making me wish for a new Heroes: Might and Magic game. For those not familiar, those games focus more on the combat map with tactics, spells, and impactful ability choices for both units and heroes.If you like Civ type games, get this game. If you love Civ type games, get this game.If you like Heroes:Might and Magic, pour yourself a pint and salute a lost game niche genre. And then get this game."
76561198190710127,Recommended,289130,29152306,Posted: 9 January,all,aubergine18,"Took me a while to get used to the numerous elements of gameplay, and there seems to be a bug in the tutorial that doesn't let you past a certain point. But overall a very enjoyable game with lots of replayability.Note: There are some crash bugs, at least on my late 2012 iMac, so save regularly to avoid dissapointment."
76561198080802836,Recommended,289130,29480702,Posted: 25 January,all,lzjsteven,"A very good game regarding the background, character design both graphiclly and literally. Highly recommended to 4X and STG lover if you are starting to get bored with Civilization series.It is very unfortunate for me that there are no Chinese version, and the modder who make Chinese version was banned due to the poor communication, which brought further misunderstanding between developer and Chinese player. Hope we could  settle this out one day."
,Recommended,289130,29598863,Posted: 30 January,all,crowebird,"I had been debating on this game for a long time.  I was unsastified with Civ VI and while waiting for the Banks update to Stellaris I was looking for a new 4x fix.  Endless Legend is a game I wish I had made the leap to long ago.  I had been missing out.This game is beautiful, has tons of complexity, has interesting characters and is truley unique.Strategic and Luxury resources have a purpose.City Placement and expansion is rewarding.Quest system adds a fun layer of new goals to build towards.Minor Factions provide actual benefits with multiple approaches to deal with them.Changing seasons provide new challeneges.One element I was originally unsure of was the battle system, but even this has blown me away.  I no longer feel like I am just throwing amries against an RNG... it is still there to an extent, but I can influence a battle through good strategy and come ahead in battles that may have otherwise been lost.The only con is the learning curve as the game does not do a very good job of telling you everything there is to know.  I have spent a lot of time with the overlay open googling certain aspects, but I have been excited to learn new things as I go.I wish I had made the jump long ago and look forward to trying out new factions that actually play different and have completely different units.  If you are on the fence and enjoy Civ you should love this."
,Recommended,289130,29785861,Posted: 8 February,all,Ulterior The Panzie,"It is a good game, just look up some videos for it! If you like 4X TBS games, then you'll enjoy this. :3"
,Recommended,289130,29855819,Posted: 11 February,all,jlhebner,"A great 4X game! There is much complexity, but it only makes the game better. Give it a try when possible.9/10"
,Recommended,289130,29976317,Posted: 16 February,all,cosmonaut,"a very unique and varied take on the 4x genre. if you're like me and you like this genre but get generally fatigued by the ubiquity of the options available and how very similar they tend to be, do yourself a favour and pick this up. you'll have a great time"
,Recommended,289130,35185965,Posted: 24 September,all,Drullu,"I enjoy this game a lot, even years after release. There are occasional niggling flaws - the often-impossible sea monster quest and quest monsters spawning in unreachable locations - but finding myself playing matches to discover the stories of the various factions was quite surprising. After the story content is completed, there's still enjoyment in the mechanics and some of the stuff this game pulls that other games would fear to attempt. Combat is a little iffy, but I haven't put in the time to understand it and auto resolve works fine. Good game."
76561198020354495,Recommended,289130,25892715,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Uruz,"Great 4x game, visually appealing and a good musical score.Multiple methods of victory lead to a lot of replayability."
,Recommended,289130,25896990,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kishimojin,fantastic game
76561198068192826,Recommended,289130,26178874,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,AhnU,"Let's start with saying that this game is great. The graphics are beautiful, the concept is well thought out and the stories are well done even though it isn't quite apparent due to no ""campaign"" mode. I've only played the base game + emperor expansion which isn't all that much of an expansion, so I might look to get the other ones although a bit pricey. These are my initial and general thoughts about the game.If you decide to get the game, don't be surprised if you don't understand what the f*&ck is going on. They start you off with a tutorial on the basics of the game, which are complicated enough as it is, but they don't tell you how to exactly win the game. There are several ways of winning, you just have to be faster than your opponents. Also to note, usually there is a semi-clear strategy as to how to win/beat an RTS game, but since your win conditions are several in options, the strategy of how you go about winning is really up to you... which makes it difficult when you first start off. BUT, don't be discouraged, after about 4-5 hours I started to understand how to play better and the payoff is totally there. It's a very satisfying game when you start off with nothing and you work your way up to dominate.I've played my fair share of RTS games and this is confusing on a different scale, perhaps if you have played this developpers other RTS games then it might not be so bad. For me, my background is in SC, SC2, and the C&C series with a bit of Age of Empires. In this game, combat with your enemy could possibly not occur until like 2 hours into a game. I find with my playstyle I go for more of a expansion/scientific victory, even though my background denotes going for action more than just building up.Overall I enjoyed this game enough to write a review about it, which is rare in any case.8.5/10"
,Recommended,289130,26348924,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,deardoctorjohn,Look I'm not one to usually write reviews but this game deserves it and does not deserve the current recent rating it has now. The reason for that rating has nothing to do with the game being bad recently or changing quality in any way but it has to do with a Chinese translation mod being taken down after the creator posted a link on the mod to a pirated older version of the game so his mod would work. After the mod got taken down everyone who was using this mod came and mass disliked the game. Look I'm not saying this game is perfect or for everyone but it deserves an honest shot and my own opinion it's complex difficult but very very fun. If you enjoy 4x games or feel like civ is too basic then get this game.
,Recommended,289130,26804031,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Comrade Vlad,-Invade other race-take one of their cities-teleport in rest of army to take over rest of cities11/10 would teleport in army again
76561198040413699,Recommended,289130,26816267,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheJanitor,"Very fun and in-depth, will make the time fly by"
,Recommended,289130,27164803,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Imasukai,"If you're a fan of the Civilization series but would love if it took place in the Elder Scrolls universe, then Endless Legend is the perfect game for you. Newcomers to this type of game might be turned away by a relatively steep learning curve, but push through it! The game is very rewarding, and I firmly believe that anyone can get into this game and have a great time."
,Recommended,289130,27183081,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ackrin DarkFyre,This studio has made some truly amazing games and this one is no exception. It is a game that once you start you keep going for that one mopre turn. There is so much custimization for your races and perks and endless replayability due to the varying environments. I simply love this game.
,Recommended,289130,27210536,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lyonz,Like a mixture of Heroes of Might and Magic and Civilization. In my opinion a very very good and underrated game. Incredibly fun solo and with friends.
,Recommended,289130,27344543,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ethereum -MGTX-,"Do you like Civ but feel a bit distant to the historical aspects? Give Endless Legend a try. EL is in my opinion the best example of a city/empire building multiplayer game to date. It is clear that it has helped influence titles that came after it.Quick talking points:The interface is clean and straightforward.Resources and tech tree is varried, interesting and complex while not being too daunting.The races are all interesting and have their own 'quests' which add alot of motivation to build up hero units and explore.Balance is good in defualt races.Customization of game type/modes/enviro is good, many options to tailor to your particular play preferences.Battles are interesting, though autocombat is satisfying and what I prefer to use (it rarely feels unbalanced as in many other games where manual or autobattles can be selected)The lore actually ties in with the other 'Endless' games, (Dungeon of the Endless, Endless Space) and the art direction is great in personal opinion. The simple designs and colors help keep things disticntive on the worldmap and prevents clutter that many civ games are prone to.I've put alot more time into the game than listed in offline modes, and lan play is fantastic, rarely does the game drop out of sync and it recovers very well.The only major gripe is it's inconsistency on MacOS, it appears to have some memory issues as it tends to crash in long sessions, been years since release so its probably not going to get fixed, still the cross platform play works well otherwise and the regular expansions are greatly appreciated and have all added something interesting to the base gameplay.I have become fan of Amplitude and am eager to see them continue this particular game series as well as the 'Endless' franchise itself in the future."
76561198119663914,Recommended,289130,27356171,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bigbrownbeaver,"Endless legend is a very in depth 4x. If you're a fan of civ or any of the other endless games, this should satiate your desire to spend hours sitting at your computer. The battle mechanics are also a hell of a lot more interesting than typical civ battles."
76561198050037035,Recommended,289130,27442374,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,silent,Once you figure out the interface and menu system (which is nicely designed but takes awhile to learn)  you've got a nice fantasy/sci-fi 4x with fun RPG elements and cool factions.
76561198038090117,Recommended,289130,27476422,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,arakhel,"4X game, on par with the Civilization series. This game is slightly unique for its fantasy theme and special quests based on the chosen faction. The customization are also very interesting despite similar design outlooks, it is still an extra excitement to be able to choose our own units' equipments. Buy this game if you like 4X games and story-based games. Of course it is possible to play 4X base on your own preference on military or research etc.. but the game is more enjoyable if you follow the stories and it feels more like a very personalized story telling session."
,Recommended,289130,27493560,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wurze,Ends your social life.
76561198131295645,Recommended,289130,27813254,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Doctor cockter,I have this friend that thinks civ v is better than endless legend....and oooooh god help me or I will end up pulling his voice box out his nostrils if he keeps saying that.
,Recommended,289130,27940630,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bleys,My favourite 4X game. This game has diverse and interesting races to play and murder. And the racial quest is a nice touch even if it gets you a bit distracted from other things.Also I want to know what race sells the shadow race all their tech. Including tech no one else has.
,Recommended,289130,29570868,Posted: 29 January,all,Bababooey,"I know I'll be playing this until 6 in the morning tonight. I have averaged about 8 hours a day since buying it last week. Do I really need to elaborate on how good this game is? Sega, please don't ♥♥♥♥ up this beautiful company like you did with Creative Assembly."
76561198049527900,Recommended,289130,30054950,Posted: 20 February,all,Kelthorian,A very fun and unique take on the fantasy 4X genre with maybe a few design choices that won't be to everyones liking.Among its strengths are:1.Pretty nice looking. Even if not the most visually intense game it's filled with a original flair and style that make it stand apart and not look ''standart''.2.Unlike other games in this or similar genres differences in factions here mean a lot. You have a faction that cannot declare war on others. Another that cannot have more than 1 city. And one that cannot use food as a resource.3.Using all of the DLC ( for when this review was posted ) you can have a surprisingly complex and deep game mechanically speaking.And now to it's weaknesses:1.Even as someone who is familiar with this genre it takes a while to get used to all its quirks and mechanics. This might make the first few tries frustrating.2.One of the reasons why it's difficult to get into is probably because the game doesn't tell you very much about the characteristics and requierments for many things. Mind you they are almost never hidden from you but you need to know where to look.3.And while the enormous differences among the factions might make them far more unique compared to other games they also mean that some factions are way harder for newbies to play as than others.
,Recommended,289130,30065476,Posted: 20 February,all,Fredgerd,"Fantastic 4X game, wonderful mechanics, lots of asymetric gameplay, very in depth lore, highly recommended for anyone who likes 4x games and or science fantasy settings. Mod friendly, excellent expansions, but good in vanilla as well. Multiplayer compatible. My only issue is the victory conditions could be a bit more exciting (collect X money, peace points, global score, build a victory wonder, science or the standard domination, elimination etc military victories). I wish more 4x games would take after Civ V: BNW and have more climactic victories for non-military wins. But besides that, it's great!"
,Recommended,289130,25893716,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Aism,"Awesome 4X game, with unique play through for the different races, the structure of the game changes dynamically throughout the seasons forcing different tactics to be adapted as the seasons progress"
76561198185744114,Recommended,289130,25894696,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Paper Werewolf,"Other reviews have already lauded this game's virtues but the game is so good that I can't not add my voice.Endless Legend is a truly fun, challenging 4X game which rewards the players ability to adapt to the game.   The game's playble factions have different strengths and weaknesses; players have to know how to make the most of what they've got.  For example, Vaulters have a huge science advantage which might reward turtling and rushing to a science victory, but when your vaulters discover necrophages living in the neighborhood then you're going to switch to a military strategy or get eaten.  Endless Legend makes mid games changes not only necessary but viable.  Players need to be prepared to pivot away from established game plans to improvised ones when the AI or other players throw a curve.  The learning curve is pretty steep here since you'll have to master not just the strengths of the different factions but also combat mechanics and the game's innovative city/borough development system on top of all the other goodies you'd expect from a 4x game.The artwork is absolutely beautiful; you won't tire of the game's art scheme."
,Recommended,289130,25896862,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Dugite,A fun fantasy take on Civilization 4x mecahnics.
76561198025220673,Recommended,289130,25912488,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,iL.Cetarius,Very deep combat and market system!
76561197994806254,Recommended,289130,25933038,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,haider.ismail,"Liked this game better than other civ clones.  With a very well thought design.The only instance where I thought it fall short is when the deployment during battle phase in small areas put you in really unfavourable positions. Sucks when it happened to you, but good when it happened to the enemy. Happens very rarely though. As if this game is the Dark Souls of civ games.Otherwise, I really like the design of the city system and kingdom progressions.Very highly recommended."
76561197974842190,Recommended,289130,25944115,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,HBumblebee,"One of the first 4x games I played, that combines the normal control, fight, build -system with a huge variety of really different factions and a unique quest system for each of them. Like every other type of game, it can become boring, if you play it too often or for too long, still I think it is one of the best 4x games so far and the Dlcs add a great deal to the game by adding new strategies to build your empire or win the game. All in all it is a very enjoyable game and I recommend it for players, who like to try out new ways to win aside from simply dominating the whole map with their towns and military."
,Recommended,289130,26476400,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DarkDvr,"A deep and a fresh look at the 4X genre, combining some of the best ideas from other games like Civ, HoMM and other popular strategy games. Add an arguably best interface to ever adorn a 4X game, and you get a title that (in my opinion) excels over games like Civ VI."
76561198045431673,Recommended,289130,26484931,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,P0werSoul,Great game!!! If you like 4X games and strategy it is a must have.
76561198135380543,Recommended,289130,26692107,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,lyonsja,Excellent.
76561198207872185,Recommended,289130,26814619,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EspeciallyWhales,"My favorite 4x game, beautiful graphics and music, more in depth and micro than civ games."
76561198002841835,Recommended,289130,26913560,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Richard333,Just 5 more minutes....
,Recommended,289130,26984677,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bails,Better than Civ IV at the time of this review.
,Recommended,289130,26990472,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xander Ford,"Pay to win clan best clan.Great aesthetics and soundtrack, good dlcs, interesting factions."
,Recommended,289130,27004011,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PredatoryFern,"I wasn't expecting to enjoy this game at all. Each faction's story, unique units and conquest options really amazed me. I'm really curious to see what they do with endless space 2.The sound track is awesome. I enjoy listening to it even when not playing the game."
,Recommended,289130,27008009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,newantman,Awesome game.
,Recommended,289130,27012371,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Strange242,I nominated this game for a Steam award!
76561197981182507,Recommended,289130,27042513,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gorky,"The best inovation in turn base, hexa gamesI will be happy most of the games developers steal from this game (even Civ)and focus on how nice and logic, and well ballanced also...The developers of this games focus on the quality of their games, andit is feelable, that they don't think testing is a waste of time before release a game :P"
76561198015047076,Recommended,289130,27125904,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MC Cyka Swat,"I dont like Strategy 4x, and this is the one i play because is sooo complete.Mastapiece"
,Recommended,289130,27163858,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Geki,This game basically is Civ for people who like a fantasy setting and neat graphics.
76561198029607673,Recommended,289130,27197648,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dakkster,"one of the most tragicaly underplayed games I can think of, the lore, and all is just so good, and now with boats, it feels rather final"
76561198006561248,Recommended,289130,27974083,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,halofury36,"This game is ridiculously fun to play. The fact that every faction is unique in their playstyle and strengths and weaknesses makes each game quite unique as people find ways to cover their weaknesses or maximize their strengths.I find that the game is most fun with friends, and I have had little trouble with multiplayer games.I strongly recommend this game if you are a fan of 4X games."
,Recommended,289130,28241557,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Astrolite,"This game has very good graphics and an excellent visual style. But that shouldn't be the first thing I write about a strategy game. Somehow whatever I do in this game I get the feel that nothing really happens. Combat can be pretty interesting, but it's like some part of the game just isn't there. There's no sense of a story being told. I'm just shuffling units along, building pretty buildings but never feeling like any of it matters. I'm still recommending this game because hey who knows maybe some of you people are into that sort of stuff. As the description says: 'Create your own Legend!'"
76561198136454802,Recommended,289130,28967384,Posted: 2 January,all,Ahmezerion,"Amazing and addictive. A must have for any 4x fandom. One awsome feature: if a group buys the regular game, but one of the friends has all the DLC additions and is hosting the game: than all the players can enjoy the DLC !"
,Recommended,289130,29411387,Posted: 21 January,all,DatBrownKid,Well made game. Get the dlc if you can. Makes the game way more better with all the new mechanic.
76561198203044569,Recommended,289130,29426348,Posted: 22 January,all,Reyadrel,The game takes a bit of getting used to for the new player like myself but it seems to be quite enjoyable so far although my time on game does not show much at this point.  I know in time that will change as I become more used to the way things need to go to improve my empire.  As of now I do recommend this game!
,Recommended,289130,29753254,Posted: 6 February,all,Penetranus,"Great game! Didn't expect that, but it really is. At first it looks like Civilization in another setting, but it has a lot of unique stuff.So what is great in this game:- Technofantasy (Science fantasy) setting. I'm so f***ing loving it!!- A lot of really unique races, each with a bit different gameplay and different story- Customizable units- Great art- Super great music!!- Different game mechanics- Changing seasons and it really matters here. The winter is coming!...a lot of other stuff...- Quests:1. main quest, that turns around dying planet2. unique race quest for each faction3. tons of random questsAll quests are great, they fit the story, they tell the story and they make you feel the story. IMHO some rpg could learn from Endless Legend.Some cons:Nothing serious here. Just some mechanics, like units customization, could work better then it works now. Also Mac optimization could be better. Also encounered some crashes.So to me, the game is great!P.S. The music is really really great!"
,Recommended,289130,30026018,Posted: 18 February,all,3dahs,Great game.
76561198252809448,Recommended,289130,30088479,Posted: 21 February,all,Canadian Jackarse,This is in my eyes a better civ 5 mabye not civ 6 witch i have not played but it is a GREAT gameI think this is a game witch you should get if you liked civ 5 or if you want to get into the type of game
76561198033196954,Recommended,289130,30132616,Posted: 23 February,all,KiarasBubba,Excellent game!Much like Civ and just as fun.
,Recommended,289130,30353103,Posted: 6 March,all,Cattrickery,"HELP!!!I cant stop playingi have been addicted this game ever since i bought is.Its a little difficult to get into and hard to grasp but once you take that jump its the greatest expierence i have had with rts, 4x, hex grid, ect ive played in over years. Take my money please.now dont get me wrong every game has its flaws and this has a few duranging from the tech tree to the races themselves, but if you can look past that i promise you will have an amazing expierence everytime you launch the game.Pros:1. The amount of depth and customization just before starting a game is beyond any current rts ive played, compares to almost old scholl but 10x better2. The races, factions, empires, wutever you wanna call them. one of the biggest reasons i switch to buy this game was ive played civ, and modded the♥♥♥♥♥out of it but this game throughs you into a differnt world all of its own not only in there main faction but even the minor factions have deep lore and active quests.3. Its so beautiful, turn off the grid just for a moment and then follow those rivers into lakes or listen to the sound effects of each region i swear you could just lose yourself int the enivroment and then then not to mention if you go over a anomoly or any piece of land( mostly the strats, anoms, structers, ect). They tell of lore of agoria and the decents of her children.If you read all my rambling i applaud you but i look at a game for its entertainment value and how far you can delve into it and all i have to say is i never regreted this purchase and never will for its and amazing gamecons:1. There is alot of things that need to be balance further on in later progression i believe. mostly the biggested facctor that bothers me.2. The game should help with me more frienndly and welcoming to new players hell just 2 hours ago i just found a new mechanic, (not like im upset but damn). It would greatky improve in my book if they helped approuch new players and a tutorial.3. A few of there add features that i have gone throw seems useless or just unapeeling in the long runs even with certain factions, i mean very few though, such as a few mechanics of units mostly support just make me go blank in deep thought as to why they did what they did, and yes sorry sometimes after a 50+ hr game i start to doze off and trust the npc got my back boi.Conclusion:If you are looking for a new fix in the rts world then this is it, if your brand new to rts i would put this on the burner, its very advance compared to other rts at the moment but welll worth it, if you decide to get it makes sure to look over and do some research on how to play the game or ask a friend who has atleast 100hrs in it, cause you are most certainly going to get lost hahaxDGreat game concept overall and will be supporting there Endless Endeavors:)"
,Recommended,289130,30364131,Posted: 6 March,all,wolfm,"An extremely interesting fantasy game that may look like Civilization at first but is really quite different. The factions have Real differences between them so playing each one is a completely different experiance thus adding great replaybility to this game. My only ""complain"" is the battle system which is really cumbersome while unit control is problematic making battles a burden instead of fun."
76561198007855382,Recommended,289130,30422366,Posted: 10 March,all,Blake_Scrub-a-Dub,If you like Civilization but think the game gets boring around the mid game then this game has exactly what you're looking for. The learning curve on this game is significantly higher than on Civ but the satisfaction is equally greater. This game can be a bit overwhelming at first but once you get used to the UI and learn the mechanics it becomes a world of fun and I personally believe I'll be playing this for years to come.
,Recommended,289130,31734563,Posted: 13 May,all,Siegfire,Awesome game! Well worth the purchase.
76561198007614560,Recommended,289130,32795428,Posted: 25 June,all,Ajora,Beutiful game with some very inovative ideas that bring freshness to the 4X Genre.
76561198091474445,Recommended,289130,32899738,Posted: 27 June,all,galstore8642,"I really enjoy playing this game.  It reminds me of Civ V and Civ VI, which I have played extensively.  Even though the game is similar to the Civ games, it has some things the Civ games don't have.  It has winter and summer seasons and the military units can be customized.  The game mechanics are very good and you have (like the Civ games) the option of how to win (science, military, etc.).  It also has the research aspect like the Civ games.  Another great thing about this game is that it can be customized so you can select out where you want to begin.  If you are really good at the game, then you can begin in the Tundra or Jungle terrains.  I can't say anything bad about the game because from my perspective, it really is an excellent 4X turn-based strategy game. The price of the game is reasonable for what you get.  I payed a lot more for the Civ games when they came out.  The tutorial takes a while to get through, but it's a small price to pay.  Amplitude Studios did a good job with this game and I would buy it again."
76561198027684755,Recommended,289130,25892797,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Khanos777,I have played this game for a long time and reaally enjoy it. It is unique in the 4x relm and provides a vast depth of gameplay options. I love the art style and music as well. I also enjoy the fact that each race has a story that is unique and helps to immerse myself into the game.
76561198044720495,Recommended,289130,25941100,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Diergato,My favorite 4X game of all time and i have played a lot of those.
76561198043014044,Recommended,289130,25960931,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,topherboy 1,Some new ideas for 4x and great art style!
76561198091601192,Recommended,289130,26093798,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,FarSolar,A very enjoyable 4X game that you will likely enjoy if you've played games like Civilization before. Partly writing this review to offset all the negatives from Chinese people calling the devs racist for taking down a mod.
76561198128990777,Recommended,289130,26218077,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Matt.,"Gorgeous, brilliant, fantastic, astonishing... Not the only 4X game I've ever played but definitely the greatest one. Great graphics, music, races, quests, etc. You will experience the ""Okay, one more turn"" moment!"
76561198041978255,Recommended,289130,26998255,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yin Yun Yang,"Fun game, fun setting, interesting art style, pleasant music, just a good game.  Combat is a little weird though, but it works."
,Recommended,289130,27000882,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,adhityarama,Wait! Just.. one.. more.. turn..Aaaaand it's dawn..
,Recommended,289130,27013113,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,King of Tyops,"I dont think I've ever connected emotionally to a game as much as I did with this game. When they released the DLC for The Forgotten I just lost it. I'll never forget where I was when I found out there was a new playble race for this game and that they had been forgotten for so long. It must have been so lonely all this time. So sad.Welcome home brothers and sisters. Will take care of you.Should be an easy nomination for the ""The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award "".The best 4x since Civ IV?.... probably."
,Recommended,289130,27016533,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gobbo The Goblin,"It's just like Civ, but with better style, gameplay, music, and expansions! They keep adding more content to change up the game. It's a little pricey, but well worth it."
,Recommended,289130,27039566,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Himawari,"This game brings three things to the table, all of which I find to be a vast improvement over Endless Space.1. Interesting terrain and city expansion. The city <-> hex <-> district interaction isn't, in itself, new (Rise of Legends had something like that for base growth, and other games - going back as far as Master of Magic - have had 'interesting' hexes within reach of your city), but there's something about the way it's executed that makes it interesting. Personally, I suspect it's the district-growth + uneven-terrain that makes me spend abnormally long trying to figure out where to place a city.2. Tech tree. Tech tree, tech tree, tech tree. You can legitimately have four different players all end up with four different focuses, without something as contrived and incomprehensible as Endless Space's tech tree. The main thing I like about this is that it doesn't unduly punish crossing over and/or changing your mind (as it were) halfway up the tree - since X techs unlocks the next tier and all techs in that tier (except some quest-driven ones) are available, it's entirely reasonable to change tracks to, say, military in tier 3 without having to climb all the way from the first military tech in tier 1.3. It's pretty and the music is amazing....No, seriously, the game is gorgeous. Unfortunately, it's also incredibly hard to identify what things are, because there's a bit of noise as a result..."
76561198174793357,Recommended,289130,27079238,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Symparanekromenoi,It's a strategy game with well-built fantasy backstory. I like it more than civilization. Ghandi blowing up the world with nukes is fun and all but conquering Auriga by forcing everybody in your religious cult is great too. Deus Vult
,Recommended,289130,27125009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Simcoll,A fun addicting game for those who enjoy turn based games such as sid meier's civ 5.
,Recommended,289130,27152687,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Casul☆,The best 4x game I've ever spent my money on. Great aesthetics!
,Recommended,289130,27153428,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrMattamus,One of the best 4X games since Civ. A good mix of empire building and master of magic style questing.
76561198033927193,Recommended,289130,27281075,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reulan,"It's a little like civilization... But thousands time better! For now, it's just the best turn based strategy existing."
76561197994859359,Recommended,289130,27293596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,einartheviking,"Wow, this game has has pretty much killed any desire to play Civ games again!Great faction diversity and interesting playstyles."
76561198073593706,Recommended,289130,27427090,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jared-DB00,"Endless legend is a good game overall, it has many interesting concepts not used in 4X and the pacing allows games to be played within a day, however the AI still lack the challenge if a player builds up. They seem unable to research most endgame techs and never truly seem to defend the cities they take, or even the ones they build. Although the AI may be more of a challenge if the time related victories are enabled such as science, economy, diplomatic and score.Many people do not seem to have this problem and find the AI challenging, I admit I have not beaten the AI on harder difficuties due to the cheating they do, (bonuses on research, industry etc.) however that is mostly due to the fact that the military aspect is not that different, they act the same but with stronger troops, so I still end up walking into the city I just lost and retaking it without any fights.I would mostly recommend this game to people with many friends so that they can play together and ignore AI, however even with my problems with AI, I still played almost 180 hours."
76561197993448189,Recommended,289130,27460943,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xylphos,"Great art style, factions that play completly different, so many systems that you just cant play them all in one game, very good lore for a  turn based startegy game and devs that care, listen and act on feedback.Cant go wrong with Endless Legend."
,Recommended,289130,27529286,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dafiden,"If you like Civ 4 or 5 and are looking for something a bit different, I think you will like this game.  At its core, it's similar to Civ, but there are some very interesting features that really make it a different experience.  Oh, and you'll really have to study the game to develop a winning strategy."
,Recommended,289130,27540724,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ArynLotus,"Amazing game. Its a sci fi fantasy Civilization with a few creative changes to the way cities can work, but they are typically far more streamlined and more accessible towards playing the game.  It makes control and expansion unique and challenging each time you start the game, plus with different factions promising you different ways to play, different perks, different units, it brings a lot of variety to the table that typical 4X titles don't. ""4X"" is a term for Civilization style titles where there are 4 things you can do: eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate. This game brings all these to the table in a refreshing and new atmosphere that any Civ player could enjoy.Pros-Its Civ, but in a more streamlined, efficient platform. City expansion, growth, research routes, all easy to plan and easy to execute.-No Ghandi or Montezuma being an insuferable knob.-Several race/factions that give variety and unique gameplay to every single map you play.-Its not Civilization. There are other 4X titles apart from Civ~!Cons-Some people like hyper aggressive Ghandi"
76561198032408681,Recommended,289130,27645039,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jalrash,"This is still the most innovative 4x game there is (even after civ VI is here). It's highly asymmetrical, it has a campaign on top and there ar enew ideas and expansions still."
,Recommended,289130,27654938,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SamX,A MUST have game for Strategist
76561198046635644,Recommended,289130,27815084,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,lac1979,"pretty good... takes a little to get the hang of, first couple of play throughs are tough, but then it's sweet"
,Recommended,289130,27855274,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Happyflamethrower,"This was my first experience in a 4x game. I had grown up playing Starcraft, Warcraft, and Command & Conquer; but I had, even back then, felt limited by the scope of the research/tech trees. This game ambitiously seeks to grow a single match beyond that of Civilization or Alpha Centauri. I can't recommend this highly enough!"
,Recommended,289130,27930072,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gabadon,"why play it like civ, if ya can spend 2 hours per turn reading the politics and history of a world ya only just steped into 5 hours ago"
,Recommended,289130,35034058,Posted: 17 September,all,BARACK OBAMA,The hex based 4x for those who find Civ boring and unimaginative
76561197974061932,Recommended,289130,25262489,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Aadion,This game has crisp graphics and a fresh design. Easy to get into and fun to play.
,Recommended,289130,25910484,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Wasted,I am bad at it but from what I have played I have greatly enjoyed - and the excellent presentation helps.
76561197970265634,Recommended,289130,25913448,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,[e]Narusegawa,Its a pretty fun game.
,Recommended,289130,25957927,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,mennethitus,Excellent game
,Recommended,289130,26055720,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Pfc. Scholes [1st RB],"Very Good, extreamly enjoyable, I've played all the Civ games, I played Endless Space, and i think this game tops them all. Cheaper, but in no way a lesser game to any of the games mentioned above. the DLC is minimal and well worth it. Even with all the DLC the game doesn't exceed the $50 mark. Well worth it. One of the only games (maybe 4 tops) where I said, I like the music and atmosphere more than most games."
76561198006395113,Recommended,289130,26092732,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Karu,Probably the best 4X since Masters of Orion 2 :)
,Recommended,289130,26427379,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Was it autism?,Came for the pretty graphics and 4xStayed for the soundtrack and the atmosphere and the artwork
76561197968682554,Recommended,289130,27048888,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Airyk,"Each faction is unique, and the gameplay varied. If you liked Civilisation, but you want a game with a little more tactical choices, this is for you."
76561198063098119,Recommended,289130,27094431,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crazymuffin B,A beautiful hex based fantasy kingdom stratagey game with unique factions and an interesting universe.If that sounds good to you then there is no reason to not get this game.
76561198023767424,Recommended,289130,27128555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Seyfti,A great take on the 4X genre.
76561197971907582,Recommended,289130,27223650,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ThatWhichThinks,"Endless Legend is one of the few 4X games I have ever played where each faction feels both distinct and customizable simultaneously.  The world of Auriga is vibrant and unique (and not just because it is randomly generated for each game), special resources require actual strategic thought and planning to use properly, diplomacy has its own interesting mechanics to make negotiation fun, and even the combat offers nice tactical options.What is really remarkable about Endless Legend is that it is the only 4X game I hae ever played where all four ""X's"" of eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate feel equally well crafted and engaging.  What's more, Endless Legend brings a whole host of innovative mechanics to the table to fill the gaps that other games just leave empty.  If you enjoy turn-based strategy, Civilization, or any 4X games...and even if you don't, you should try Endless Legend."
76561198108741822,Recommended,289130,27310689,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vgamerunner87,"Being a fantasy fan, I came to try this game after enjoying Civ 5. This game builds off a similar 4X gamestyle with plenty of differences to make it just as interesting, if not more so. I liked the differences in battles, city management, and the variation in playstyle for each faction, and the fantasy atmosphere was a big plus for me.Very much one of those games that'll keep you playing for ""just another turn"", which then turns into ""I'll play just another game""."
,Recommended,289130,27397272,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LikedByDarkness,Still better than CIV VI !!!
,Recommended,289130,27802143,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,0FF,Very well made 4X strategy game. Once you get in the game you will forget the time that you have spent.Wonderful musics of the game also will help you to join the journey on the Auriga.
76561198057451749,Recommended,289130,27909208,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Snatchymon,An easy 10/10 the game is great strategy fans an there are so many things to manage and there is always something to work towards or accomplish. The game makes great use of terrain as it changes from season to season and each tile having its own recource stats that give them different values in building.
,Recommended,289130,28468416,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,danielxancient,"One of the most sophisticated 4X games. With new approach to skill tree, fantastic graphic and sound it leaves behind all known to me competitors of this kind of gaming.A relatively new option of “besiege city”, reinforcements and teleportation make this game even more interesting and once you started playing it you realise that Endless Legend is a masterpiece in 4X class genre."
76561198078057150,Recommended,289130,28477479,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Where is my Senpai?,This is a great 4x strategy.This series is a great breath of fresh air if you're tired of the Civilization series.It has cool new mechanics and a beautiful art-style.
76561198048157034,Recommended,289130,29023596,Posted: 4 January,all,JayJayrace,"A very fun game to play with some friends. This game is quite demanding(graphics wise) and requires a strong computer to run, id recommend only buying this game if you have at least 4gb of ram... And thats if your prepared to turn all the graphics to low. Other than that this game is a heck of a lot of fun!"
76561198093260511,Recommended,289130,29062375,Posted: 6 January,all,Keibal,"Very nice  civilization like game with many new features like quests,different races with very different narratives, magic etc =D"
76561198064511369,Recommended,289130,30054479,Posted: 20 February,all,Sneaky,better buy it jak
,Recommended,289130,30108990,Posted: 22 February,all,MacScruffy,"It took a bit to get used to the game play. Once I learned the basics and gave it an honest play through i fell in love with it. So much depth, the map is beyond beautiful, and the over all feel of the game has made it my favorite 4x out there."
76561198018289448,Recommended,289130,30203021,Posted: 26 February,all,Ol' Mama Merma,Loving the game the more and more i play it.
76561198048981199,Recommended,289130,30935338,Posted: 3 April,all,Slap Factory,Great game. Most of the negitive reviews gripe about specific bugs their having or that the game is too hard.
76561198096882521,Recommended,289130,32783658,Posted: 25 June,all,Hawkiz,"Great fantasy turn based strategy game. Cool storylines, lots of possibilities for different empires. As a fairly casual strategy gamer I highly recommend this one."
,Recommended,289130,32911357,Posted: 27 June,all,M1 Garand,I credit Endless Legend with the new 4x innovations that Civ VI is releasing. This is a gem of a game and anyone who likes 4x or the Civ types of games should get it. Its awesome!
76561198019386962,Recommended,289130,33440963,Posted: 10 July,all,Psylure,"A more... civilized Civ experience, if you will."
,Recommended,289130,35514792,Posted: 6 October,all,Umbozz,"(Lots of negative reviews for the game recently cause of trouble with a chinese translation mod not working with an update and being removed for recommending piracy)I don't have a lot of experience with this kind of game. Other than this I only know Civ V, which i will compare it to.ProsDiverse Races with unique playstylesUnits can be customized to add abilities (slow, multistrike etc) and prioritize certain traits (Defense, Initiative, Damage etc)Beautiful visualsCleanUI. left mouse selects/goes deeper, right mouse leaves / goes back. -> very comfortable to play with one hand onlyMost things are represented by their own icons (with text when you hover over), which might be frustrating when you start, but is easier once you understand everythingFights are resolved in tactical mini-battles, you will not feel cheated cause you got a bad RNG rollQuests and races add a lot of backstory but are completely optional. Auriga feels like a breathing worldMultiple Victory types make it possible to focus on something other than flat out attacking other playersWinter adds a predictable, influencable threat. You have to calculate with winter in all your plans.ConsDoes not seem to support a lot of languages. Careful if you don't want to play in englishStupid AI that barely gets anything done and can only compete by massively cheating. (Falls off at a certain point, mod trying to fix it is not that good either)Not sure about this, but the races do not feel particularly well balancedThere seem to be savegame glitches sometimesNo progression in the graphics over time. You will always have the same Unit models (with slightly improving Equipment), the same City models (just more).RNG-based quests can be pretty annoying, when you have to capture an opponent's starting city while all they have to do is capture an uninhabited regionComparing it to Civ V, it cuts out a lot of unneccessary detail (city management + workers and roads, 'rough' terrain, unpredictable unit range and movement on cluttered terrain, wounded units fleeing forever, annoyingly strong cities etc) and provides a much cleaner experience, letting you focus more on the core gameplay.However, Civ has a lot more content and the AI in Endless Legend leaves a lot more to desire, so this game has a significantly lower replayability, despite being better in a lot of other aspects."
,Recommended,289130,9925566,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Nihil,"Amplitude Studios is known for their incredibly beautiful games with community driven development and free content after release. If you want to be part of the development by testing, suggesting, and voting on features, then this early access is for you. If you can wait, the full release should be in about six months so check back then."
76561198030911255,Recommended,289130,9943235,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Flashseconds,This game is seriously addicting not only is the game play similar to Endless Space but the graphic is rich and the technology tree is just astounding. This game is way too refined to call it an Alpha it feels more like an early Beta than anything else. They put alot of effort into this game and if they keep it up along with a jutifiable game cost. what is not to like?
,Recommended,289130,9945580,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Lost,"If you've ever played Civ 5 than you already know the gist of this game. The game is a little confusing; the menu interface isn't as straight forward as I would have wished. Although they do include a tutorial, it's just not ready to try out in Alpha, but hopefully some on screen instructions will clear things up nicely.I'm forty minutes in, but like I said, I'm still a little fuzzy on the controls and some of the objections that this game has put in place. The Hero aspect is pretty cool, having a main character that's depicted as your ""leader.""The unit battles are also confusing because I never know whether to put my army into an attack or defense stance... So I usually just hit the auto button... Again, I'm hoping the tutorial will clear this up.The factions and sub factions are quite a nice addition, which in my opinion is what really separates this game from Civ 5.Overall, I think this game has promise. They just need to polish it a little. If you're hesitant about the purchase, I would definitely hold out on buying this game until further releases are made."
,Recommended,289130,9946249,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Nykrus,"Very surprisingly polished for an Early Access game - the AI's an absolute warmonger, and there's a few glitches here and there. However, the style is already superb, with the artwork and music really pushing accross the fantasy setting.For those who've played Endless Space, the resources and style of play are familiar, but by no means a direct clone - instead of needing a particular resource for a weapon, you now harvest that resource over time for use, for example.Given how well Endless Space turned out, from someone who followed it through development to Disharmony, I reckon we're in for more of the same - and I can't wait.TL;DR - Apart from usual Early Access warnings, has the makings of a good 4x strategy."
,Recommended,289130,9947423,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,LiamonLime,After a quick play of this game it has already engrossed me in my own personal story. I feel like this game needs a tutorial or a campaign to teach the basics before I can completely reccomend it.
76561198009138298,Recommended,289130,9948869,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Sertonis,As a fan of Endless Space I am happy to see Endless Legend hit Steam Early Access. I have played a couple of hours and the game runs quite well. It is well worth the price to try this out and anyone who enjoys 4x games will love this title.However this game is still in it's early stages and will sometimes crash. Also they have no tutorial released yet (I'm glad it is actually going to be a tutorial released as Endless Space had none.. very frustrating to begin with..)Races and the quest system are interesting and engaging. What is different about Endless Legend is the story of each race developing as you play. This rarely happens in this genre and the races really come alive.  The UI is similiar to Endless Space and is simple and clean and the Music is beautiful.I'm Already a massive fan and cannot wait for Endless Legend to come out!
76561198010477176,Recommended,289130,9949567,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Tawn,"Not been playing long, but if you like a game thats essentially a combination of Civ V and Heroes of M&M (ish) then this is worth a try.  Quite well polished for an alpha stage game too..  not seen any major bugs (yet)."
,Recommended,289130,9986045,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Hellfreeze,"If this is a game that isn't finished yet, I cannot wait for the full deal. Just amazingly different, it's like a Civ game but with a storyline to match with a Hero's of Might and Magic feel."
76561198055150470,Recommended,289130,12190274,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Father Grigori,"complex, polished, cool multiplayer, one of the best 4x games i've ever played"
76561198006844430,Recommended,289130,11445010,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Squid1313,"Brilliant start to what looks like to be a very strategic and in depth 4X game. The default factions alone are different play completely apart from each other, regardless of the future possibility of creating your own. The combat is a bit on the slow side but only because of animations, other than that it provides a unique strategic feel to the game. Highly recommended to all fans of Civilisation, Endless saga lovers and any gamer who enjoys a strategic game.Update: As of just before release: interesting win conditions and animations during combat are able to be sped up, although a similar toggle for world map would be handy. Technology trees and races are very refined with the entire game looking very polished. The new updated combat system may be a bit glass-cannon oreintated but I still find it original and interesting with many decisions to make each turn which makes this game pace feel much nicer."
76561198034238902,Recommended,289130,10296737,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,murdalation,"Very cool game. Even at Alpha lvl it feels like a new-and-improved Civ V. Same interface as Endless Space, only land based. So far, I've thoroughly enjoyed this game. If it continues to improve through release, I think it's the potential to be a BFD"
,Recommended,289130,10052254,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,TheSnowHindu,Like Civ V but better.
,Recommended,289130,22208686,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ArtfulDodger,"Honestly, this is the fantasy-flavored Civilization/4X game that I've always wanted.In a nutshell, you're building a civilization on a dying planet on which winters are getting longer and harsher. You have the usual supremacy/extermination/diplomacy victory conditions that you expect, but you also have access to some RPG elements. Each faction has a lore quest that leads to a victory. And along the way, you also have the opportunity to take on other lore based quests, and outfit your heroes and armies as you see fit.The heroes are another interesting mechanic. Apart from leading your armies (think generals in Civ, or hero units in Warcraft III), they can also be assigned as governors to your cities, with a skill tree specific to governance.The lore and worldbuilding is, in my opinion, some of the best in the fantasy genre I've seen in quite some time. Each faction is unique beyond their unit designs/builds, and each gives you specific goals to work toward.THe only caveat - if you're coming from or prefer straight 4X games like Civ or Master of Orion, you may be put off by the focus on questing and lore.Also - the devs are pretty great, with another upcoming faction expansion. Definitely a buy."
76561197999201047,Recommended,289130,22374500,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,dato0011,"Ok, I'm not a big gamer, it's very rare that I enjoy a game, but boy, this game rocks."
,Recommended,289130,22389333,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,DoomMuffin,Endless Legend is a fantastice game. On par with or maybe even better than Civ V.
76561198021782092,Recommended,289130,22397408,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,SmokeyStern,Best 4X of all time for me. Worth noting that I say this with all expansions (currently Shifters is the most recent). The expansions are great and reasonable priced so I highly recommend them and hope they keep coming.
76561198048692864,Recommended,289130,22271715,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Fox Fire,Fantasy civilization where every faction is unique and plays vastly different from the others.Tooltips could use a bit clarification in some cases though.
76561198018171827,Recommended,289130,22349665,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Satanic Unicorn Orgy,"It has become one of my favorites! Think of it as a crossover between Civilization and Total War, but with a refreshing love of detail. Furthermore has the DLC proven not to be a cashgrabbing attempt, but real substantial improvement of core mechanics, with the most recent one having been published just days ago, two years after the initial release. Play this with friends and it becomes even more fun!"
,Recommended,289130,22777065,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CrazyIvanTR,"Just like Endless Space, after a while there really are no differences between the races. They all play differently but still aim for the same stuff because all resources are almost shared. One race might not use food but they still use crystals for upgrades. The research tree is the same for all races and there are stuff that you will feel compelled to research, so the diversity is not really there.I'll still recommend the game because it's a solid turn based strategy game and a good addition to the Endess series."
,Recommended,289130,22401997,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Gorillaz,If you love fantasy games and Turn-based strategy this is the game for you! :D
76561198046872120,Recommended,289130,22448706,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mr. Smith,"If you like Civilization, then you love Endless Legend. For me, Civ got pretty boring after a while, but here, I feel like there is alot more to do. For example, you'll get quests in the game for your faction and random side ones. Another thing is you can have heros, and they are the leaders of your armies. You can level them up in there own skill trees. And lastly, your units (and heros) have a tab where you can customize their armor and weapons to do different things. All in all, this game is awesome and I highly recomend it."
,Recommended,289130,20737889,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Somebody,i like this one. play with me please
,Recommended,289130,22263618,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Gottkaiser Felgelein,"Pretty interesting and fun game, especially when playing multiplayer.Only downside I can think of is how few the factions are, and how unit technology progression never goes beyond weapons made out of diffeent materials so all you do is hit harder, rather than with new technologyOtherwise is pretty good"
,Recommended,289130,22375586,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Deathblade711,"This is a game unlike Civilization V, or Beyond Earth, or other turn based games. It is the type of game that I would play no matter what year, no matter what DLC is released, just because I like the game. This game, every turn matters. You don't make decisions and go into your old habits based on who your playing."
76561198047563349,Recommended,289130,12143805,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Woolymonster,"It is wicked sick. Kinda like Civ, except different and pretty.  On a scale of 3-5, I'd give it a 4.4. If you have $35 laying around and have enough beer, I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,289130,23982286,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kor Angar,"Great game. I like its diverse races. Game stability for me was improved by patches alot. Awesome DLC races, a bit pricey though."
,Recommended,289130,12495255,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,slewx,"It's civ, done way better. More Depth, 8 unique factions where no two play alike, and dragons.... can you ask for more?"
,Recommended,289130,13550686,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Pseudo,"Better than Civ 5. Yes, even with the expansions."
,Recommended,289130,10027847,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,ForceFeedbackCodpiece,"A whole hell of a lot of potential. Gameplay is tight, progression makes sense, and it's overall graphically stunning for a 4X."
,Recommended,289130,11336753,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mr. Blue Sky,Pretty much CIV 5 in medieval times. Great game
76561198042189953,Recommended,289130,12323219,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,BrightHill,Incredible
,Recommended,289130,13656113,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Chaseti78,"One of the best games i've played in a while. I would go as far as to say that it is better than Civ V and beyond earth with its quests, combat, endings, seasons, factions, minor factions, anomilies, diplomacy, and buildings."
76561198043237014,Recommended,289130,13904161,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Zerolt,"It's like Civ 5, but good. Noice."
,Recommended,289130,13427003,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Cald3ron,"What can I say holy♥♥♥♥♥♥.......I've only clocked in 3 hours yet I'm sure I have another 1000 more to go.This game really suprised me in many ways and I regret not getting this during the beta phase.This game is about the size of 2 gigs yet its very suprising how much it has to offer.Each faction is very unique from humans, lizard humanoids and cultist freaks, this game givesoff a very strong fantasy vibe that seems imitated but is also very original and fits well with theoverall lore. My first and favorite faction has to be The Broken Lords. Think of them as ghostlyknights the require ""Dust"" to survive mostly by destroying minor factions to gain quick controlof land masses. The soundtrack is also boner inducing with many amazing scores that wouldme at times to just listen rather than play. Mod support is also in the game which excites meeven more and multiplayer seems promising but I did not get a chance to try yet since its 3 in the morning.It does take 1-2 minutes to generate a new game but there are little quotes in the load screen the helphype you up for the session and it always starts of with a 2d opening specific to each faction.At the moment my smallest complait would be the tutorial mode. The missing voice help really bummed me out since the audio quality and sound effects are top notch and the fact that couldnt get anyone to simply read the text foryou is a little dissapointing.Overall I am ♥♥♥♥ing suprised......I am really happy I bought this over Beyond Earthand I have hopes for this game and this company.Probably the best purchase of 2014 and my newfavorite 4x game.Just buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game/10"
,Recommended,289130,13438575,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rayner the Almighty,"So much better than Civ. More unit diversity, better looking game and a much nicer battle theme makes the game much better in my opinion. Must buy for people for who like 4x games"
,Recommended,289130,13404724,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,riz,I like it.Very good tutorial. Easy to get into for someone new to 4x kind of game.
76561198055371477,Recommended,289130,13414656,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,xEl Gringo Loco,"Ever played Civilization and thought to yourself ""I wish x was a feature"" or ""feature x should really be expanded on"" this game has filled all of the gaps where Civ hasn't. This game is much more intutive than Civ and also much more fun. Hopefully the next Civ game will borrow heavily from this title or I may not even buy it after the ♥♥♥♥ing shambles that was Beyond Earth.Pros:- Combat is fun, involves actual strategy, and feels more plausable than Civ.- Minor factions can be interacted with properly and all have unique units, they're not just cities you can conquer.- The regions system is amazing because it makes the borders of countries look real and you don't have the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ snaking borders and no mans land in between factions that Civ has.- Unit stacking.- Quest system, each faction even has a main story quest, far better than Beyond Earth's quest system.- Things constantly change so the game doesn't become repetitive like long Civ games.Cons:- Research system is strange, its not objectively bad, its just that Civ's version is better. It is however innivotive.- Much like Endless Legend some of the factions feel very uninspired.This game is 100% worth paying full price for and Amplitude are well known for how involved and receptive they are of their community. 10/10 would conquer Auriga again."
,Recommended,289130,17927271,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,WarMage,"Extremly fun game, that makes you care a lot about winter and plan ahead, without knowing for sure when winter will come and for how long, you onky have minimum and maximum turns before evil happends. For some damm reason, not matter what I do, AI and other player have 2x better score than me, even 3x for some advanced players. I'l have to invest more time into preparing for evil winter. And invading armies of other factions, which will screw your game if you sold your army (basic money ""dust"" budget cuts). But it provides tons of fun and at high settings can look realy good. 91/100(AI is too smart)"
76561198043739201,Recommended,289130,19231763,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Thor,"Superb game, although I find it pretty hard even on easy mode :D"
76561198085840280,Recommended,289130,12323106,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,AKAs1,"This game looks great, this game plays great. It's another Endless series game to serve to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to no end.Not that this is a bad thing (I probably just suck assbutt at strategy).It is a common trend however, for me to get 60 turns in, and then get completly wiped from the face of the planet. On the second easiest difficulty.Idk if this is cuz the AI is enabled to cheat or some shennanigans...or I'm just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, either way I still love this game. Its still fun."
,Recommended,289130,32091127,Posted: 31 May,all,man with banana,"This is a very beautiful handsome looking game. You don't get bored playing it, you enjoy every minute while you're in. Creators did a great job creating this game. Fantastic arts, old but lovely mechanics but with new aspects, pretty graphics and lot of content. This makes Endless Legend the best strategy I played so far"
76561197960283776,Recommended,289130,25469168,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,RetroVertigo,"Loved the might and magic games of old and the civ games, sadly this game tries to take all those things and jam them togeather in a poorly optimised platform which really leaves one wanting or ovedwhelms and bores with endless micromanagement. Some elements work well, the combat system is interesting and fun. But overall i feel like they tried to clone civ5 but left out a huge amount of content and really didnt do anything new or interesting.4X makes some great games and some meh games, considering how many different types of games they produce its no real surprise a few dont work as well. Even that being said its still a worthwhile game and id imaigne some people will have fun with it."
76561198052393960,Recommended,289130,18032023,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,asd_Logan,"This is my time-waster ""knock around"" game. It has pretty much everything that I like in a turn based player vs. AI game. The factions are balanced well, the graphics are excellent, the interface is intuitive, and the bugs are minimal. Most significant to me, this is an infinitely customizable world that can be set up for killer encounters or slow poke exploration and resource development. Background music is easy on the head, too."
76561198012445254,Recommended,289130,20128742,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nopolis,"I have quite a few hours on Civilization V and was looking for a new, refreshing turn based civilization building game.  I bought this for $5 and the depth of gameplay far exceeds that of the civilization series."
,Recommended,289130,20279214,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kalaaver,"One of the best 4x turn based games I have played since Civilization! I highly recommend!Pros+Graphics 10/10 (Amazing Stylised Fantasy Graphics)Diplomacy 9/10 (Way Better Then Civilization)Combat 9/10 (Has meaningful strategic battles instead of just animations.)Race Design 10/10 (Each race is unique & plays a little different.)Generated Maps 10/10No Cons So Far, Only A Personal Gripe.I wish there were more races, or at least a DLC Race Pack, adding at least 3 to 5 new races. (Not Minor Races)"
76561197992244401,Recommended,289130,22681647,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Slashimus,"I'm going to try to keep this short.Endless Legend is, without a doubt, the best turn-based 4x fantasy game on the market. It even beats out, IMO, non-fantasy games like Civ 5.The primary reason for this is that unlike Civ 5, each faction in this game is totally unique. With all the DLC that's 10 completely unique factions (8 in the base game) with their own personailty, unique units, buildings and lore. They do not play alike. I'm not talking about a minor bonus or malus to a random attribute. I mean that there are races that cannot declare war. races that can only be at war, races that can only have a single city and races who use what seems like magic.The developers are phenominal in the way they interact with the community and make additions and changes based on feedback. In fact, the major work that the AI has recently received is largely based on that feedback and makes the game truly shine above any competition.There are no downsides to getting this game that I can name apart from the horrible one-more-turn addiction."
76561198052896711,Recommended,289130,19273611,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Cobradeaths,It is a great game and this is the only reccomendation I have made for a game because I feel that this is worth my time
76561198073016541,Recommended,289130,19974379,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,counterfruits,"its good!civ map and semi civ cities with some rise of nations stategic elements, ontop of that, its heros of might and magic!so its good"
,Recommended,289130,22373393,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Seasoned Wanderer,"A 4x trun-based strategy game that feels like it has some RPG elements. One of the best strategy games I have ever played. The art is beautiful, the soundtrack is awesome, the major and minor factions are all unique and have different backstories each. A must have for any Startegy game lover."
76561198021186074,Recommended,289130,14916286,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,rgilsoul,"I have played lots of 4x games over the years.  I really enjoy Endless Legend.  I think I really like the clean interface.  I have not had any of the problems people have been complaining about.   The story is fun, the graphics are good, and the pace of the game is decent.  Some of the factions are vastly different from each other, which I really like, and yet they are all playable and competitive.  Each seems to have its own character.  I do not really know why, but I keep coming back to this game.  There is something calming about it (the interface, music, grapics all combined).  Sometimes playing Civ 5 or Beyond Earth, I get a little antsy after a long session.  Something about the interface in the Sid Meiers games is jarring on occasion.  Not so in this game.  The game is just that attractive and well done that you can play for a long time."
,Recommended,289130,13368117,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,AirBear1,"Great 4x fantasy game.Pros:+ The art direction isfantasticand the factions and their lore are awesome. The factions get their own questline and their own intro videos. Many, many unique tiles that give their own yields really sell the fantasy setting. The overall universe that they've set up is really great.+ High amount of customization for your military units. You can pick various armors and weapons that have their own advantages (Higher chance for successful attack? Higher damage? More defense? More movement points? You can mix and match to your hearts content)+ The factions have highly unique abilities and units. One can use spells on its units in combat, one doesn't use food, another can force other factions out of the marketplace, one can turn dead enemy units in food supplies, and more. Also many minor factions (like city states if you have played Civ V) that all have their own unique unit and benefits.+ A tech web that forces you to debate on what to unlock. There are many options and after a (short) amount are unlocked, you unlock the next chunk of techs to pick from (called eras in game). This means that there will be many techs left from the previous era that you can still unlock, along with this new era stuff you just unlocked, making you choose between many beneficial techs. There is also a rising cost of all techs, keeping you from flying through 5 techs in only 7 turns.Cons- The game crashes. A lot. I think I've had around 30 crashes in 50 hours of playing. Lowering the settings seems to reduce the occurrence of crashessomewhat. Fast loading times and autosave every turn keep this from turning into table flipping rage, but players still shouldn't have to put up with it.- There is a steep learning curve and the game is indesperateneed of a better education system. It has a tutorial yes, but when you are done with that there is no ""new player"" option to add to matches, something to bridge the gap between brand new player and someone who knows all the systems at play. It has an encyclopedia that you can open, but it is bare bones and really needs much more content (also, it alt+tabs you out of the game and open it in your browser. Come on, put your encyclopedia IN the game). You'll pretty much have to do your own research with online guides and google. You'll struggle through your first couple games due to a thousand little things that you haven't learned yet.- A couple ""nitpicky"" cons: There is this thing in diplomacy (all diplomatic actions cost a currency called influence) where you can give a faction a compliment or warning to decrease the cost of future friendly or hostile diplomatic actions. I can see how this is trying to lean players away from making quick and abrupt changes to the relationship between factions, but in my experience it is very small decreases in the cost so I just never used it, instead paying small price increases just to do what was more convenient.- The battle system is...well it isn'tbadbut I don't particularly like it. When two armies fight it turns into a turn based battle lasting 6 turns (these 6 turns are within the battle system, so the battle will finish within 1 turn outside of the battle system). You can make precise decisions within the battle, like have my 2 archers attack this guy, have the pikeman mob the enemy leader, have my support unit heal my leader, etc. Except it can actually be pretty hard to make your army do what you want it to do. You and your opponent give all your units orders first, and then all those orders play out. This means you can have sometimes up to 10 or 12 units all going out and fulfilling their orders one after another. This means that if something unexpected happens, someone lands some critical hits and an enemy dies quicker that anticipated, your units won't be able to fulfill the orders you gave them and they will decide what they should do instead, which never seems to line up with what I would have wanted them to do. You can also just quickly auto-resolve battle without doing any fine details if you don't want to go into a long battle, but you take some risks with doing so.+/- Multiplayer. I have not played ANY multiplayer in this game. It might work flawlessly or it might be a broken mess. You'll have to get that information from another review.Although it seems I dragged on with some of the cons, I love this game and fully expect to get hundreds of hours out of it. The art direction/lore is phenomenal and some of the best I've seen in a game, and there are a lot of systems at play that allow for experimentation and that you can sink your teeth into. I would have happily paid a full $60 for this so whatever price it is selling at now, it's worth it."
,Recommended,289130,19436182,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Fuzzy_Spider,"This is a pretty blatant Civilization rip off, right down to the hexagonal map and settlers.But when a rip off is so damn good, so good in fact that it surpasses what it is ripping off, I won't complain.If you like Civ type games then do not miss this game."
76561198019488929,Recommended,289130,10021519,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,MaximumOverdrive,I put the corndog oin it sizzle so loud.
76561198029147780,Recommended,289130,10296472,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,InstantCANoodle,An elegantly designed game. Go ahead and buy it!
76561198063594521,Recommended,289130,10249547,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Lunar Echo,Great game. Buy it.
,Recommended,289130,10280137,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,AngstyPotato,"This is a fun strategy game. I don't 100% understand it, and as of right now there is no tutorial, but it's still in dev and you can learn most of what you need to know by playing a skirmish or two. Anyway, the factions are all really cool, the artwork and design is fantastic, and gameplay is (so far) shaping up to be quite enjoyable. Can't wait to see where it goes next."
,Recommended,289130,31129157,Posted: 13 April,all,Acceler01,Things that are good about this gameartgameplayrandom generationbad thingsprice of expansion races
,Recommended,289130,26185485,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,火衣修羅(Romay),"I have a problem, if some one just work hard free for a chinese translation ,and put ot on work shop with out profit just cause you guys said this game will have a chinese version but exacly not.Why shelves the mod?Okay, now I saw the commonts, looks someone not right about the rumours."
76561198156996397,Recommended,289130,12396162,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Battle Hawk,Absoulutely Amazing 9/10
,Recommended,289130,12454504,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,JohnnyRamrod,"This is a pretty good game. Been on this since early access, and it's nice to see how it's developed. If you like a good fantasy strategy game, this will certainly take up some time. Always searching for successors to the very old and very brilliant Masters of Magic, this is decent. Not as polished as the likes of the HoMM series, but then again, it's a lot more involved, in keeping with the Endless Space ideal. In general, if you like turn based strat games that are heavy on the resources and things, it's pretty good.A few things worth pointing out. Firstly, love the graphic feel and the ambience. Both add to a good looking and sounding game. But overall it feels a little generic at the moment. Not getting a great feel for significant differences in game play across the factions. Very little tech and unit difference, mainly cosmetic, nothing that really makes you play much differently. Sure it's much harder to get a game balanced if you really have differences for factions, but I guess that's what makes a top game in this genre. Not seeing a lot of that yet. But it IS fun, and it does show promise. It's a recommend from me, but it could do with more differentiation between factions, and some sort of clever hook - it's a bit generic today."
,Recommended,289130,12590145,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Zemeras11,this game is one of the best turn based games i have ever played. its really high in detail and in content (they aren't even done creating new content)! you can build armies and citys (which you can expand) and even get other minor factions to join your armies and use them to conquer the world.
76561198059843573,Recommended,289130,12503483,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Coos,This is no expert talking. A very impressive Game in many aspects my favorites are Music and Universe. It can be very overwhelming at the start but as soon as you get into it its really fun. Bots are predictable but not braindead and the multiplayer is also challenging. Overall a great game with a lot of strenghts.
76561198017817542,Recommended,289130,12734061,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Tohtori Asuntokupla,"Endless Legend has got a general approach as Civilization V, but it has also some few fresh ideas not to look too much like Civ V.It's based on a fantasy world, with very different kinds of ""races"" to choose from. You build your first city, exlpore surroundings and try to achieve vicotry wheter via technology supremacy, sword or wealth to name few. As you get more technology you can improve the infrastructure, and found new cities. The problem is: the other races are your rivals, and they like to win, as well.Technology is separated in six eras. You advance an era once you have researched enough technologies from curren era. New era opens new research, and gives you some additional boosts. Other than that you can research more freely, and you are not restricted by Civ V-alike ""tech tree"".There are also some ""small factions"" which can be harnessed for bringing bonuses for your empire. However, they start hostile towards you. You can make them less hostile and even friendly by conquesting, bribery or running their errands, which is: doing quests for them. Friendly (and assimilated) small faction villages increase your population.Unlike in Civ V you do not occupy fields with population. You gain more space to to work with by enlargening your city. City borders expand as a result and you can exploit more of the resources. The basic resources are food, dust (gold), science (to get researchs done), industry (productivity) and influence.Food helps your cities to grow, industry helps to increase productivity etc. Influence, on the other hand is different kind of ""currency"". You spend influence on ""empire plans"" and on diplomacy.Enlargening cities as well as building new cities creates unhappiness, much like in Civ V. You can combat increased unhappiness with ""empire plan"", building certain infrastructure or consuming luxury resources. Luxury resources will give you boost on various topics, depending on the resource. The catch is that they work only for few turns, so if you don't produce enough such a resource, you will run out of it.There are also few strategic resources, which are required by certain buildings equimpent for your troops. you can have small armies and they can be led by a hero character. Heroes can be assigned on cities as being ""governors"". Heroes do have skill trees which can help a hero be a good army commander, a good governor, or both.Combat works quite straightforward. You place your army units (and if there are nearby other units, they can work as reinforcements), then you give each unit a target and run a combat round where your and your enemy units resolve the orders they got. If there is a victor within few such rounds they will get experience and both the heroes and troops can do level-ups.There are two seasons: summer and winter. During winter season production is usually hindered, especially food production. You can manage each cities' population to work on either food, industry, science, dust or influence.Graphics are ok, but occasionally it is hard to recognise different resources from it. it becomes more clear when you zoom-out and get 2-dimensional ""map"" over regions. The lack of minimap is disturbing and scrolling over edges can be frustrating at times.Additional cons for this game: at this point it crashes. A lot and on big variety of events. On bigger games the lack of information concerns assimilated minor factions. You can have a faction ready to assimilate that brings +5% influence per village of that specific faction assimilated. I haven't found information of how many villages I have befriendlied on each faction. The trick is that ""slots for assimilation"" are restricted so you need to weigh more careful which ones to choose. This can mean manual browsing every single village on your map and it is really annoying.If you like 4X-games, for example Civilization V, this can be recommended pick, if you don't mind crashing. The developers have promised to fix issues, but right now it requires some ""devotion to strategy games"" to play. ""Game rules"" are highly customisable for different tastes so for 4x-fans this hits 87/100.However, if you dislike 4X games, you most likely don't like this one either.UPDATE 11th December, 2014Lots of crash fixes. :) Scoring now 91/100.The newest patch up to this point (11th Dec, 2014) fixes the uninformation about how many pacified small faction villages you are having, which makes planning more helpful.Things I'd like to add on the original review:You can retrofit troops with new technology items such as weapons, trinkets and armour. You only first need to design such an upgrade. Additionally, pacified villages will provide one design each.Diplomacy is always a pain in such games, but here it works quite well. You can spend influence to send compliments and warnings, which can be used on your advantage. For example if you want to be friends, a compliment will turn negative diplomatic manners more expensive (on influence).You can ""close borders"" (indeed, you need to declare war, which makes you more alerted - or negotiate closed borders off), trade various things once in peace, share on unshare map and vision range. You can earn influence points by killing shared enemies, while in alliance.The more you invest influence via diplomacy, the more you earn points for diplomatic victory. Great feature!You can also buy and sell stuff in-game market place, once you have researched technology for that. More heroes for sale, stockpiles, resources etc. You can also sell abundant resources to the market for cash.Overall, I start to like this game even more. :)"
,Recommended,289130,12702742,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ish,"A really interesting and innovative take on the Civ-like genre. Distinct factions, gorgeous visuals, and engaging story elements combine into a really great strategy title. An amalgam of Civ and HoMM."
,Recommended,289130,25046049,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Zoythrus™,"Not as good as Civ5, but I love it. I might suck at it, but I still love it. :D"
76561197978258604,Recommended,289130,19267910,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Vapor Pallazzo,The heir to the throne left vacant since Master of Magic. This game is terrific. That's all you need to know.
,Recommended,289130,17200906,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Baldwin IV de Anjou,"I took an interest in the Endless series on accident, only at the time looking at Endless Space's terraforming abilities and universal empires. Learning the story of this game and Endless Space is really fun, and playing this game is also extremely fun. I prefer to play as the Cultists, tbh.If you like fantasy and/or Civ 5, this is a must buy, as well as Endless Space."
,Recommended,289130,17980044,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,kruptos116,"This is an Excellent game. I have sunk so many hours into this game, most of it being with friends. Taking on the horde empire known as the necrophage's with my friend Steven was great. Get this game with friends and make amazing storys of betrayal, war, alliances, and the harsh winter season. Give it a chance.8/10 Awesome game."
76561198072358077,Recommended,289130,17933728,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Akkarinn,"What a gem of a game.I am a huge 4x game fan and a vet of games like Civ, Age of wonders and Galactic civ and went into this game blind after seeing it on a sale and never playing any of the previous Endless games such as Endless space.My first ever match I played as a faction called the ""Cultist"" there a doll like race thats very gothic themed and are based on working on a single city but spreading there religion to minor factions to turn them into religious armies they can use. I loved the idea so much and the theme, I won the match after I converted so many villages in a snowball effect I had endless troops to crush the other nations with.My second and current match was playing as a Insect hive race, which is a outcast to the other factions and warlike. Building swarms of insects to attack and take what you want and consume everything around you.I love how you can also custom your hero and troop units with equipment based on what you have in your empire also, so one army may be using Glassteel and another Titanuim based on what they are getting. and if your not a fan of swords, you can design your units how you wish, giving them spears and making them use and wear what you see fit.I really recommend this game to 4x fans, the factions alone are enough to fall in love with, nevermind the great gameplay."
,Recommended,289130,17811122,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Tallen,It's like the dev team took everything that was kind of iffy about Civ V and improved it. For the love of all that is good and holy get this game.
76561198030561953,Recommended,289130,19393039,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Brian,"Very good, and innovative game with great art and backstory. I can only recommend it for people who like turn based strategy games with a lot of fantasy elements. The UI is by far the best I've encountered for a long time, it's simple, yet tells everything that necessary. The factions are all different and unique in their own way, wich makes the game diverse and hard to get bored of. 10/10"
,Recommended,289130,19510301,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SightlessVoid,"Wow, this is the kind of game where you can sit around for five hours at a time just being comfy. Each faction so far that I've played: Broken Lords, Roving Clans, WoodWalkers, and Vaulters; have entirely different play styles and approaches and unique abilities respective to the faction that can make them a power house at specific victory types. Not only is each faction unique but they are incredibly balanced, I've had little trouble setting them up and even a rough start can be turned around, on easy at least.The music and aesthetics that everyone talks about are truly top tier and absolutely gorgeous to listen to and hear. As someone  who played Civ V, I much better prefer Endless Legend simply because it is a more relaxing and comfortable enviornment. This game is 100% worth getting for those who don't mind a slow but pleasent experience."
76561197999163576,Recommended,289130,15650247,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,AttrieBoot,"Really nice graphics, some part of gameplay can be boring though.I always loved to level up a hero in HoMM4 and crush all the enemies without having an army behind me. Well, this is not that game however thanks to all the bits that matters in building up your empire (diplomacy, marketplace, FIDSI, minor factions), it is a very good and exciting game.Lot of posts describe that combat is lacking real control and becomes auto combat very soon. I agree with that. I have faith in the developers: considering the great ideas, I hope they will think about combat enhancements.I do not have the guardians DLC, yet, so I cannot comment on that. Also that could bring some improvements in combat as well.Anyone knows how to setup - is it possible at all - to have few areas to conquer and have small number of cities all over the map? Sorry to bring up HoMM4 again, but I really liked that I was not forced to either eleminate other players or rush with settlers and found new city as fast as possible.In my recent gameplay I have 2 screens list of cities which is overwhelming and really tough to manage. That way it also looses to fun factor.I'm definitely going to buy the new DLC, recommending this game to everyone: very good price-joy balance. :)Edit:One more thing to add regarding researches. They are kind of mess. They do not provide the feel of being tactical. Researching 9 in Era I... Next... Next... Done. I would separate the army units, buildings and enhancements. Units and buildings should be easy and fast to get while enahncements should be a long term goal to get (e.g.: buying plan with resources, reach specific places for plan, etc.). And I would support to not be able to get all, but those that are really benefitial for the actual faction. Just my 2 cents."
,Recommended,289130,15880481,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Actually Just a Best Buy,"Went from .05 hours on the game to 40+ in a work week. It is like Civ V meets Heroes of Might & Magic and had a baby, except the baby is sexier in every single way and it gives you a seductive look after a 10+ hour work day, thanks Obama."
,Recommended,289130,15974530,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Crispy_D,"I can't get enough of this game and that's my problem. For the first 200 turns this game plays as it should:1. Steep learning curve2. Gradual and well earned progression3. Decisions bear real impact on play style4 Massive reliance on strategy over just brawnAfter 200 turns1. Crash reports2. Insane difficulty3. Enemy spawning (including AI opponents) increases ten fold4. Winter lasts 30 turns, summer 35. Units are suddenly less effectiveSadly the gameplay is beautiful throughout, it looks and feels amazing but that is the crux of my issue. I feel frustrated the longer I play it but can't stop. If these bugs get fixed this game would tip it as my new favourite TBS game.Before anyone says that its my PC not being up to snuff that causes my crashes, my spec is as follows:GTX titan Black edition (6GB DDR5)Intel i7 4Ghz64GB DDR3 RAM1TB Crucial SSDWin 8.1 pro x64If that can't cope, god have mercy on us all"
76561198013728428,Recommended,289130,16574094,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Brigador,"One of the best fantasy 4x games out there. Intrincate city building, tactical combat, interesting units, upgrades through items, main quests that can lead to victory, side quests, etc, etc. Maybe not the most advanced 4x game in any of those areas, but undoubtly a very rich mix if you want to play only one of those games, or even a few of them.Also, the art and lore is rich and the factions are interesting and trully unique. This game is, imho, simply great."
,Recommended,289130,15615523,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,wonderzombie,"If you enjoy Civ and the fantasy genre appeals to even a little bit, this is a great game. Each of the factions has an interesting and asymmetrical schtick. You can customize and/or upgrade your units. As you acquire more territory, you have access to minor factions which grant a passive bonus to your entire empire as well as access to a unit blueprint representing that faction.The basics are simple— FIDSI are exactly what you'd expect. They compose with myriad other mechanics to produce an incredible level of nuance and complexity.Don't let the word ""complexity"" scare you off. If you play a game or two on Newbie/Easy, you have a chance to fiddle around with everything, and learn more about it. Personally, I do not enjoy complexity for its own sake. I assumed that (e.g.) customizing units was going to be tedious but necessary. It's not tedious, it's relatively simple, and I don't believe it's necessary to min/max.If you enjoy turn-based 4X strategy, you owe it to yourself to check out this game."
76561198038715549,Recommended,289130,16405684,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Thumper,"I bought this game looking for a fantasy Civ, but this is so much more. My first victory was the most exhilirating 4X experience I'd had since... ever. The different factions offer greatly different playstyles. Army vs. army warfare requires skill and a fair bit of luck. I've played 150+ hours and I'm still learning - and enjoying - the game."
,Recommended,289130,16686409,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Danoglith,Very fun!Great game.Great music.Great visuals.9/10 Would recommend.
,Recommended,289130,14571802,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ajaarg,"As others have said, this game gets exactly right what Firaxis has not for Civ 5 and BE. Streamlines what works, eliminates what doesn't, and adds its own unique twists to the genre. This is how you make an independent game: no hipster 8 bit graphics, no social justice pandering, just a solid game that's complete when you buy it. Who could ask for more? Creative Assembly and Firixas can't even manage that. Best 4x since Alpha Centauri. It's that good."
76561198011826133,Recommended,289130,10075688,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Zamek,"A WiP Civ-Like 4x title in a fantasy genre. Loads of fun with interesting hex-based combat and questing built in. Lots of customization of units and cities. I would definitely recommend all fantasy and/or strategy fans to give it a try, maybe when it updates into beta. Currently the game is a bit bare bones and all games end at turn 200. Overall fun experience so far, and after a full 200 turn game I'd give a 75/100 for alpha gameplay. Above Average"
76561197972513285,Recommended,289130,9962392,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,!nverse,"Quick review:The game plays like Age of Wonders 3 / Fallen Enchantress / Might & Magic, but with a much more interesting tech tree and city building mechanics.  On the flip side, the combat is a step backwards from those types of games and you have no where near the ability to control your troops in manual mode.   That being said, the game is already on it's way to being great and looks amazing for an alpha build.If you want a fantasy game that puts more emphasis on questing, research, and city building and less on the tactical combat side of things then I wsould highly suggest keeping an eye on it.  If your more into this type of game for the tactical combat side, I'd stick with Age of Wonders 3."
,Recommended,289130,9966495,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Baron,Alpha game better than most AAA out there
76561198018332157,Recommended,289130,9963582,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,OleBigWoody,"So far, So good. This turn based strategy is unique and playful. I believe it to be much better than civ 5, even in its current alpha state. I only expect good things from the future updates including: more maps, quests, scenes, factions, units, ect. There are some crashing issues present but it is infrequent enough to be playable. This game is an underdog but I have high hopes and a great experience."
76561198047666221,Recommended,289130,9962165,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,torjames2005,I don't play these types of games very often but playing it a bit I'm actually pretty excited about it now. It reminds me of a game I played way back when but I can't remember the name of it. Two thumbs up guys!
,Recommended,289130,9965354,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Drarrk,Great game which follows some of the lore from Endless Space. For an unfinished game it plays very well and I'm enjoying it quite a lot. Even with it being in Alpha it has a lot of content available straight away but some stuff is locked and there is still a lot to be added which I'm looking forward to.I recommend buying it if you can't wait and want to see how it changes as it is developed but I would also recommend waiting for it to be available to get the full finished polished game.
,Recommended,289130,9966133,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Tsukiboi,One of the best games I have seen while still in the alpha stages.  I cannot wait until the full release of the game.
76561198052518259,Recommended,289130,9955808,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,andrewcul,"This game is amazing! If you're a fan of civ, you'll be a fan of this. The game plays and feels familiar to civ, but the content and the way the game plays out couldn't be more different. I'd highly recommend this game even while its early access."
76561198035196087,Recommended,289130,9957861,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,The Bloody Red King,Very fun almost like a Sid Meyer's Civilization meets a weird twisted scifi/ fantasy world but I highly recomend it.
76561198049915714,Recommended,289130,9926050,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,JimmyMcNulty014,"It is a damn good game thus far. A fresh take on the 4x genre and it's pulled of flawlessly, especially the combat system which is brilliant. Absolutely worth the money I paid, I'm fighting the urge to go to bed right now."
,Recommended,289130,9931905,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Quasarborn,"Quickly turning into an Amplitude addict here. If you're a fan of the 4x Strategy genre, this has much needed refreshing spin!, filled with a rich story, original races and great gameplay + ""endless"" replayability. Personally i'm a big might and magic fan and this game comes as a nice change, supremely polished and crisp as well, I have yet to find any blarring bugs or blunders. Give this gem a try!"
,Recommended,289130,23775133,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Oppenheimer Dinggeo,"Like Civ V, this game is most fun with the DLC. I feel that this game expands in several areas where civ falls flat. overall very fun game"
76561198077493405,Recommended,289130,10683243,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pr0Gr3Zz,"If you liked Civ 5, this ones gonna be right up your street!"
76561197977966624,Recommended,289130,17975514,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Lt Shiv,"Extremely well put together 4x title. Beautiful flavor, art, and world building that went into making the game really pop and pull you into a fantastic game."
,Recommended,289130,17894322,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MattDP,"great game, like a more modern, interesting, fresh and very pretty civ game"
76561198065331494,Recommended,289130,19281113,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Not Bowiespoon,"One of my favorite strategy games, right next to XCOM and Total war: shogun 2"
,Recommended,289130,24465132,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Creatorri,"I have to say that I love this game. I find that it much improves upon Amplitude's previous game (Endless Space) by a huge margin, everywhere from empire management to the beutiful battles that have the aestetic of playing a tabletop wargame with animated miniatures. The game is wonderfully deep with a gradual learning curve that eases you into the beutifully, yet appropriately complex systems, like diplomacy and battle.To say that this game is a fantasy version of Civilizations does not do either series justice. Endless Legend focuses much more on the small things, like stacked armies, customizing units, customizable heros, and unstacked cities. Unlike Civ, Endless Legend spends far more time getting you to interact with other players and AI with a rich diplomacy system that can be game-changing should you choose to use it. There are also the faction main, ruins, and minor faction quests with varying rewards that give a point to some of the otherwise more boring turns where no wars are happening, maybe a settler is being produced, and you aren't freaking out about half your cities starving in winter.Another huge difference is that factions in Endless Legend are nothing like leaders in Civ. For one, the buffs given by choosing, say the Drakken (Ancient dragon-like people), can give you a massive advantage, like for example, knowing where everyone started and being able to force peaces and alliances. Each faction poses a different challenge in playstyle and each has specific drawbacks, that harm specific playstyles but can help others.Enough Comparisons. Endless Legend's lore is amazingly immersive, and you don't have to look further than the game to learn it! Each quest gives hints and echos to Auriga's (Auriga is the name of the planet that the game takes place on) troubled past, to the Virtual and Concrete Endless, who warred across the galaxy in ages past, and to the connections between this and the other Endless games. This coupled with the beutifully detailed artwork and excellent soundtract puts Endless Legend as my top 4x game."
,Recommended,289130,10013439,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Somewhere only we know,"i think this game has a lot of potential to become a great game... looks interesting when game fully release even play on beta ... i'm found this game has a lot of fun and i'm really looking forward to this which way game gonna be. I bought this game cause it looks offer something new to me but it still on beta though . conclusion if you not interested on rts genre, i prefer to wait until this game full release eventhough amplitude is really promising company."
,Recommended,289130,25881486,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,An Enraged Platypus,Reviewing to counteract the recent malicious negative reviews.
76561197987059346,Recommended,289130,13134318,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ten of Swords,This game is pretty damn amazing. Bought it instead of Civ: Beyond Earth. No regrets. Ever. Would do it again.
,Recommended,289130,20280810,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Starseed,Make sure you alot yourself a decent amount of time before you start playing because you're not going to be able to stop very easily.
,Recommended,289130,19121756,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Crycable,"An outstanding 4X game that competes with the the best in the genre.The good- Unique and interesting factions to choose from- Epic quests for each faction and tons of side quests to find through exploration- Beautiful worlds presented in a distinct style- Tactical ""Age of Wonders"" style combat- Well implemented RPG elements such as skill trees, character attributes, equipment and treasures- Interesting diplomacy systemThe bad- The user interface can be quite a mess for inexperienced players- Tends to suffer from rendering issues on massive maps- The AI is a little too easily manipulated in diplomacy- Huge kingdoms can become quite dull to manage (typical 4X problem)"
76561198048910194,Recommended,289130,24088225,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,retrox,"The first thing Legend does right is that it disregards genre tropes in favor of injecting its own unique lore into a fully realized and lush game world. One can't help but compare Auriga with Brian Reynolds' sentient planet Chiron in the 4X classic Alpha Centauri. Though perhaps not quite as epic as Firaxis' earliest and most grand creations, Legend's universe and the inhabitants of Auriga are no less captivating.The turn-based gameplay is similar to that of Sid Meier's Civilization series, but brings a number of innovative features and improvements to the table that I've been crying for since Civilization II. Legend also borrows from other classic and highly regarded strategy franchises like Heroes of Might & Magic and Age of Wonders. The wealth of options available to the player for directing the evolution of his faction is staggering. I don't think I'll ever have enough time to explore every single nook and cranny of this game. With all of the expansions, there is a huge amount of content here.The in-game tutorial is adequate for getting your feet wet, but ends rather abruptly, leaving quite a few important gameplay elements untouched upon. Thankfully the UI and comprehensive tooltip systems do a great job of filling in many of the blanks. If you've ever played a strategy game like this before, you'll acclimate quickly.Highly recommended for veterans of the genre, and friendly enough to keep from scaring away interested newcomers too. The developers of Civilization 6 would be well-advised to take a look at some of the unique mechanics in Endless Legend; and perhaps take a few notes while they're at it."
,Recommended,289130,25885120,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ripley Riley,"LoveMultiple victory conditions emphasizing many playstyles. Like to make friends and trade? Diplomatic victory. Like scaling the tech tree? Science victory. Like doing quests? Quest victory. Like building ""wonders""? Wonder victory.A major faction for everyone. Total of 11 unique major factions with all DLC (8 without DLC). Each of them plays very differently compared to the others. E.g. Broken Lords don't eat food, instead consuming dust to create new citizens. The Forgotten don't earn science on their own, instead they steal technology from other factions.The Empire Plan mechanic. Every 20 turns you select a new Empire Plan: military, economy and population, science and industry, and empire and expansion. Each plan represents a specific goal for that time period. If you are behind in science and need to catch up then going science and industry for 20 - 40 turns can help.Summer/Winter. During the summer the game plays as you would expect it... then winter hits and all hell breaks loose. In the early game winter is short and the penalties it levies are an annoyance at best. Mid to end game winter can cripple all players. Some races actually thrive during winter though; Allayi units take on a different form entirely during winter, changing their abilities to be more offensive.HateRandom map generation can occasionally screw you over. See: your first region being filled with infuriating cliffs and forests, making it impossible to place your initial settler. This sometimes forces you to mulligan your start and reroll the map.Some factions so strongly favor certain victory conditions it is bordering on OP. Go to war with the necrophages to see what I mean. Unless you are very familiar with their weakness they have the tendancy to steamroll during elimination victories. Meanwhile: Broken Lords can create massive cities... we're talking hundreds of districts in size.Major factions are unique, but hero units are not. Heroes are supposed to be unique, but underneath their racial portraits they all fall into three categories: infantry, support, ranged. With such emphasis placed on making the races play differently I would have expected heroes to be similar."
,Recommended,289130,12286333,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,VanillaPCStrategy,"4X has always been my favorite genre in PC games, luckily it's a popular one that has had a lot to choose from over the years. Plenty of developers try new twists on the standard formulas, with mixed success.Amplitude, the studio behind Endless Legends, has had some pretty good results with some of their changes. Their ""tech web"" from Endless Space has clearly influenced Civ:BE, and I think they're on to some really interesting innovations in Endless Legends that we might see pop up elsewhere in the future.Their region and city-building system is really interesting and complex. It takes a lot of getting used to. They also have fully customizable units - you can really specialize your unit choices to your own needs. It's really well-done. Even their approach to the tech tree is innovative... you'll often choose many important techs each time through, but I can't imagine always using the same optimal path like you would in Civ for example.Heroes and missions are also interesting and well-implemented. The reliance upon minor factions to round out your army, provide empire buffs, and bolster your workforce is also very cool. And have I mentioned that there are a ton of resources, each with unique qualities, that are actually relevant? It's crazy.Of course the game isn't perfect. The AI needs some work, it does well at the start but before long the player can easily out-perform the computer. Amplitude was very good about supporting Endless Space and improving the AI and other features, so I am confident in the future. However if you chose to exploit the AIs weaknesses you can run them over pretty easily. Of course, there's also a lot of customization that can be done in the pre-game menu, so an argument could be made that you could set paramaters up enough to hinder yourself and boost the AI... but really that's a big workaround for what should be in the game already.The game has huge potential but currently (9/28/14) it still has some room to grow. I'd recommend buying it if you're a fan of the genre, although waiting for the AI to improve wouldn't be the worst decision. It shouldn't take too long."
76561198078407996,Recommended,289130,17058128,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Schnoplton,"An extremly enjoyable game in single player which is multiplied exponentially when playing with friends if you have the patients to sit through a five hour game, which in my opinion is well worth the time. All of the dlc up until this point is spot on as well adding cool new mechanics and interesting races. would definitly recomend this game if you're into 4X strategy games.The one draw back being it is'nt endless."
76561197970897152,Recommended,289130,24425336,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,RK Limes,"This is 4x fantasy done right.Many unique elements, a polished interface, and great graphics.Solid combat, and unit creation.Great lore and immersion.It's a great addition to the genre."
76561198046392249,Recommended,289130,25991182,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,phil77zone,awesome game hands down!
,Recommended,289130,26003011,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Wubba luba dub dub :'(,"I belive my voice presents most of the people's thoughts.In short:The graphics, story is like Dota.The gameplay is like civilization.And a little touch of total war.The features?You can custome build factions! Wow!Cons:It is intimidating to learn at first, but once you go through the tutorial its ok-go.My final though:Buy it. It is on sale, and the game's mechanics make it a great game."
76561198014368092,Recommended,289130,26405041,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Sean Slicer,"If nothing else, buy this game for the beautiful art and music design it features. The game is rough around the edges, but it brings a lot of really innovative new ideas to the genre, like the district system that Civ 6 has made into a Unique Selling Point. Every faction feels different, and the world feels legimitately alive in a way you won't find in most games. Replay value is more limited than in rivals like Civ 5 or Europa Universalis however, so be aware going in that you aren't going to get the same playtime out of the game."
,Recommended,289130,28326681,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Sulemania,"Really good 4x game. Reminds me of Civ5, but is different enough to make things interesting. Nice to have these radically different playstyles for the factions."
,Recommended,289130,28798234,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,c_money1324,"Fantastic game, tons of fun.  Much better that Civ V or Civ VI IMO."
,Recommended,289130,29314289,Posted: 17 January,all,ProwlingAngryKitten,"Honestly loved this game. Was a fan of endless space and love this one too.It's well worth the money if you like army based, turn based stratrigy.Sorry that I've nto got more to say."
76561198026298409,Recommended,289130,30036519,Posted: 19 February,all,Liberal Lion,Very good game. Wish my 4-year old laptop could run it as well as it used to. :(
76561198015213429,Recommended,289130,30978476,Posted: 6 April,all,Samson,"Better than civ, nice art, fun factions and interesting maps and story"
76561198147895079,Recommended,289130,33161859,Posted: 2 July,all,Culbe,"The worst part of the game is the tutorial. Which I recommend doing. It was hard to get through and boring but it was worth it.After that, the game is what you make it."
,Recommended,289130,33590254,Posted: 16 July,all,ohiochainsaw34,"Great game, love the fantasy art and characters. Reminds me a lot of board gaming with a tech tree.Only wish it would flow more like Civ. Seems to get bogged down in places, and took me forever to figure a few things out.Overall, a great game though and a must-play if you like Civ and fantasy gaming.8/10. How would Darwin explain tentacles growing out of the back of someone's head? Used for tree climbing?"
,Recommended,289130,34127971,Posted: 9 August,all,APrettyBigWoofer,Civilization V but set in a fantasy world. What's not to love?
76561198079304707,Recommended,289130,35091106,Posted: 20 September,all,Adin239,The best 4X game i have ever played
76561197987174692,Recommended,289130,20450509,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Nats,"I am loving this game so far. Still just a few hours into it but the lore, immersion, sense of choice, and diplomacy etc are far better than their Endless Space, and light years ahead of Civilisation 5. Got bored of Civilisation over the last few decades this game seems great though."
,Recommended,289130,23880029,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jim Wizard™,"This game is Civilization V's older, smarter, and frankly, sexier sibling. The aesthetic is gorgeous, the gameplay (especially combat) is far more unique and interesting, winter is coming, and factions play drastically different from one another. It has a steeper learning curve (which is in my opinion the reason for all the negative reviews in the last week or so), and games will generally go a lot faster than your average Civ V campaign, usually reigning in between turns 150 - 200.There are a great many options before starting a game that you should take a look at, most notably the map generation tools, which offer a great level of customization; altitude, ocean size, continents, resource sparsity, and # of minor factions are just a fraction of the things you can mess with.One of the things I STRONGLY recommend doing before starting a campaign is setting the combat speed to as fast as possible, lest your combat sequences end up taking 2 - 4x as long just because you're watching tedious running/combat animations.A potential downside from a player standpoint is that this game requires a LOT of min-maxing to play effectively. This means rotating populations in each city from working on food one turn, to gold the next, to production or science after--I don't mind this so much, but I can see how it can become annoying, especially in a multiplayer setting or later in the campaign when you have tons of cities.If you're looking for an immersive, fresh take on the 4X fantasy genre with some fresh ideas and very well-thought out game design, then I strongly recommend buying this game. The game is worth buying for the full price, but if you can get this game of under $20, it's a steal. As for DLC, I don't own any of it, but I will eventually pick it up on sale, and I'd recommend you do the same."
76561198138652033,Recommended,289130,26040879,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,XD,"I was a little sceptical about this game because I've never tried a game like this where you have your own army and all that, when I started I was super confused then I watched some tutorials then I played the tutorials both helped a ton, and now I kind of have a good understanding of the game I am having a blast, but the main thing that made me want to typed this review was when I was conquering some cities and stuff like usual, cause I bought a race that can only attack which by the way I love, but any way I conquered this one city and so like normal I went back to my base and I could train the enemy that I justed conquered and that just blew me away and thank you for that, and now for the pros and cons, enjoy :)Pros - Fun, Goog Graphics, Fun Gameplay, Diverse amount of customization with the enemies and the factions, I could to think of more but I haven't played muchCons - Start of the game is pretty confusing but when you know where everything is and how to play it's super fun.and that's pretty much all I can think of for the pros and cons, like I said I could probably come up with more but I haven't played muchConclusion - Confusing in the beginning but when you get used to it, it's super fun, good graphics fun gameplay, get the game. :D"
,Recommended,289130,26077611,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,AlliedZero,"I was a little unsure about this game before purchasing it. I am a fan of the Total War series, Hearts of Iron and Final Fantasy Tactics. I would say that this game is a combination of these 3 games. I do not like the Civilization series at all and as such I was worried when reviews said that it is similiar, yet different, to Civ. In my opinion, this game blows the Civ series out of the water. They are in fact similiar but different and it caters to people who did not exactly care for Civ.The music is amazing, this was a high selling point as some games have soundtracks that make you want to tear your headphones off after they repeat the same track for the 30th time 35mins into a session. The Music list is expansive and glorious.The Art is amazing. The building design, character design, background design, all of it is amazing. It gives me a Magic the Gathering vibe and it is glorious.THe city building is very cool. My first region/city looked hilarious as I was still trying to figure out the mechanics. But once you do it is very rewarding.Combat is very fun. I find myself finding it similar to Final Fantasy Tactics rather than Civ. This is a rewarding experience to me.My first war with a neighboring faction left me completely uncertain. The game said I was the top Empire by about 400 points. But having no idea what that translates to I played my first campaign waiting to get swamped by the AI. For the first time ever I was the swamper. The AI was busy focusing on trade, friendly relations, building as was I, until I encountered the other agressor. Once the cold war became Hot I engaged his cities. The combat was intense and I managed to pull through thanks to my superior Marines and Hero. (The upgrade system for units is stellar. You can choose how to upgrade units and to what degree and you can manufacture any kind you want. This is very akin to the Hearts of Iron series of upgrading Tanks/Airplanes/Ships)The war was hard fought but after taking his final piece of land I realized this game was where I wanted to be.I haven't even touched the Tempest expansion yet and I am excited.If you don't like Civilization but thought that this game looked interesting, then buy it. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,289130,28538214,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,rjmusic87,Love this game.
76561198007983404,Recommended,289130,30717848,Posted: 24 March,all,OrcWhisperer,I like this better than Civ.
,Recommended,289130,31957745,Posted: 25 May,all,SirDukesAlut,Civ is Weenie Hut Jr. Endless Legend is the Salty Splatoon. Are you tough enough to play this game?
76561198032896241,Recommended,289130,32264158,Posted: 8 June,all,R3N3M,"So…How to start? Funnily enough that is the same question I asked myself when I fired up this game for the first time. I was overwhelmed with the screen and the menu’s etc. But I really -REALLY- wanted to play the game since I liked how the game was represented in the trailer and the lore seemed worth my time because I really like fantasy settings for game worlds. I have played games like C&C and CIV but they were set in more ‘Traditional’ settings that to me was a bit ‘everyday’. So, I tried this game in the Civ mindset, I found most of the differences confusing at first but then got into it. Once I ‘clicked’ how the game worked I was on my way to experiencing the game the way I did.I haven’t spent too much time playing yet but let me tell you my ‘first romp through the jungle’ as it were, was amazing.So here I was, building my cities and sending units to auto scout. Then received random pop up’s informing me of things that were happening, even quests…IKR…Quests I could do. But I got this info pop up about some sort of Guardian with a nice-looking picture etc. I thought…Well Ok apparently one of my cities are in its sights… no biggie… Boy was I surprised when the thing was a massive towering monster looking thing that had mind control abilities, selfheal and one tough mother… to kill. After an epic struggle to save my city, I thought “well guess what game I will be playing more to find all its ‘little surprises’?” Yup you guessed it, this one. That one battle basically got me wanting to discover this game more and more. At this very moment, I am looking forward to spend some more of my free time playing."
,Recommended,289130,34927792,Posted: 13 September,all,†Catholic†,Single-handedly one of the best 4X games ever made. Takes what Civ teachers you and cranks it to 11 with a world and lore masterfully crafted.
76561198020761420,Recommended,289130,25893606,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Clark Kent,Better than China.
76561197993288786,Recommended,289130,26605527,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Invest,Really awesome 4x game and easy to get into. Civilization 6 looks so boring compared to this one.
,Recommended,289130,28937321,Posted: 2 January,all,Reiver,"Like Civ? Want playstyles so different, some factions are unrecognisable?Yes, please."
76561198230102512,Recommended,289130,26003390,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,BlueDragonSpyro,"The game is really good its hard in the start but it get easier when you know everyting i may have not play it but i think thats it,the bad thing is there no multiplayer matches or it late and nobody plays it eather way i recomend it if you searching hard but nice game this is it."
76561198090313989,Recommended,289130,26007469,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Aepher,Beautiful Soundtrack and Art Direction which brings the world to life!
,Recommended,289130,26937758,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,silent_death,Definite recommendation - Awesome story and factions!
,Recommended,289130,28570637,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TheHop,"I enjoy the interface, and how to manage my civilization. Combat is the weakpoint."
76561198075572660,Recommended,289130,31897119,Posted: 22 May,all,Domovric,"Plenty of other reviews talk about the pro's and cons of the game.Well worth the time to pick up on a discount with the DLC, as it is an interesting turn based strategy game.Just adding my thumbs up (coz I enjoyed it) to counteract the Chinese review-bombing."
,Recommended,289130,32046410,Posted: 29 May,all,SlothCleric,"Endless Space meets Civ, perfect."
76561198077225158,Recommended,289130,32211398,Posted: 5 June,all,It'sCrisBro,"Very few games can kick my♥♥♥♥♥by using insanely overpowered units that got their stats on only god knows where, being able to wreak havoc instantly, and leaving you with this taste of defeat that you thought so annoying you really needed to get back in a get another match, creating this top tier army that would swarm your enemies until their demise, just to find another faction annihilating you right away with a single army on their city, and watching hopelessly how a third faction, a warmongering one, just declared war on you; but you just used all of your units on combat, or they are really far away, the winter fell, and can't really use them; so you're left with the choice of buying mercenaries to aid your cities, which will all fall eventually due to the OP nature of your enemies. All of this while playing on easy.After some time you'll learn that you can OP yourself too by completing the quests quicker than the AI, and knowing your ground, so you build your economy, while building a decent army, try not to annoying anyone too much so that you build yourself to highness while everyone else has a higher or equal amount of points; but it really does not matter because you are so well, and advanced, that you can literally build an army in a moment's notice; so you declare war on the rude faction that kept calling you an inset, in spite of their inferiority, so you declare war and invade them, conquer their cities, kill their settlers as you see their desperate attempts to not let you surround them, but you watch them fail miserably until they propose you a peace treaty, which you use to get one of their two last standing cities, plus few technologies so that you continue to have that superiority you held for a long time; but you round that faction anyways so that you can keep them under your supervision. Then you find that while you were in that war another faction got ahead of you, so you start trying to prevent a new war outbreak, which fails as they too underestimate you, so you force them into submission by conquering their cities to provide you with money and resources until they have only 3 cities left, which are not their capital as you already got it; so you bargain that city for two of the ones they still hold, one favourable war declaration on that first faction that annoyed you because the time of your peace treaty had ended, which lands you a lot of their technologies, two cities, and almost all of their dust and resources; so you've got yourself by now an ally, and get yourself ready to start a mercenary army to destroy that first faction entirely, but a 4th faction attacks you on neutral ground, so you declare war on them, take their cities, reduce them to submission, take their resources and techs, and keep them as pets under vigilance while you destroy the other guy. That just to find out someone has spied on you, your beloved and only ally, so you declare war on it and take away the rest of their resources and empire, while leaving a mercenary army sieging one of their cities until their population reach minimum, and you decide to end their miserable life while remaining in the shadows, and razing that last faction that kept sending spies to your cities, and disrespecting you.Would do again. And again.Oh, the lore and the world is amazing. It is just a shame it all ends, and the game forces you to it with its winter mechanics. Fear the winter, it is a central part of the game."
,Recommended,289130,34913996,Posted: 12 September,all,The_Watchman_,Really enjoyed this game. I can personally recommend it.
76561198003339392,Recommended,289130,24148754,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DerpDerp,"Alright So, After loads of problems of looking up and down for a solution (Yes, I did use the Discussion  and then went to their website), I can finally play this game.It is very pretty, that's for sure. Surprised my laptop can run this.The lovely background music, and the birds chirping. So soothing!It's basically Civ 5, but like... a bit better. Ya know?It's more micromanaging, throughout the seasons (even though I'm just playing it now)Bug wise - Uhh...the errors that plague it. Crashing errors, not being able to worldgenerate (that was my error.) sometimes crazy sh-...stuff happens.I'll keep playing and will edit this review later on. Offline. So you'll never notice how long I've TRULY played this.I give it a Yes for recommendation...just be warned if you get an error. They are horrible."
76561198121611072,Recommended,289130,30815127,Posted: 29 March,all,Von wilheim,"Very fun game, it is different than Civ. It is much more focused on the Empires features or abilities you gain with that empire.Also a quick mention one person can purchase the dlc and host which will allow everyone to play with it."
,Recommended,289130,31589529,Posted: 6 May,all,Pawn,"Still learning it, but definitely having fun with it--it's a compelling game. Quite complex. Great music. Definitely worth a try if you like strat games and aren't put off by a mix of fantasy and scifi."
,Recommended,289130,32017908,Posted: 28 May,all,Elo,"8/10great game, in my opinion far superior to civilization. But one aspect is huge down: the ai is not good, after a few games even the higher difficulties aren't a problem at all..."
,Recommended,289130,32591076,Posted: 20 June,all,Kairic,"Really good but...It's severely limited. Every 'civilisation' is extremely similar with very minor differences (not aesthetically) such as the tech and building trees being almost exactly the same. Only three units per empire (excluding mercs) and a simplistic diplomacy(then again I could say the same about civ games but that is no excuse.)  The game is capped at a max of 400 turns which is very small compared to other strategy games, and the first 100 turns or so are just spent tapping end turn waiting for your buildings to finish.However all is not bad and I had a great time playing this game. The units look amazing and each race has its own unique style and aesthetic. They all are so fresh to the fantasy genre on the whole and the 'plot point' of the Vaulters/Mezari being a civilisation that has forgotten its spacefaring technology is really interesting personally. The artwork is absolutely stunning and it really shows how much effort and love was put into this game.The battle mechanics are fresh and interesting and form the middle ground between civilisation and total war. Heroes are a new take and can add some relatability to your army as you are the one building the story of your hero gradually. The game itself has a nice polygon style and I personally like the way the fog of war looks. However my favourite unique mechanic is the marketplace where you can buy mercenaries.There arent many games like this out there with so much potential and obvious flare, and a fantasy strategy game is always welcome on my PC.7.5/10I just hope the sequel takes on my previous advice.EDIT: I understand that the game has been expanded upon with expansions and DLC, however some of my negative points still stand, and even though naval combat etc is GREATLY APPRECIATED it does not excuse the fact that it had to be released in DLC/expansion format instead of being a (sort of) fundamental part of the game, regardless of price."
,Recommended,289130,32910509,Posted: 27 June,all,The Emperor,"I have all the dlc, I have the game, and I have endless hours of fun on it. The Endless games are always a favorite of mine, but I can't get into the Space one for some reason. Endless Legend is super fun though to build your own Empire and finish up your own story in it."
76561198110679049,Recommended,289130,35093210,Posted: 20 September,all,Zee,Beautifully crafted game. Well worth your money if you are a fan of strategy and love taking your sweet time.Been a fan of Age of Empires and Civ for many years and this is a refreshing twist to the genre.
,Recommended,289130,25859089,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Fergas,One of the greatest 4x games ive ever played love the lore and gameplay and all the DLCs looking forward to the Tempest DLC navel warfare ahoy good job devs.
,Recommended,289130,35071079,Posted: 19 September,all,Astrocricket,This game is an in depth 4X game with unique mechanics and a fascinating lore. The artbook they just added is the icing on the cake. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,289130,10002266,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Dead.,good ♥♥♥♥in game
76561198257278062,Recommended,289130,20778056,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Xaiver,"Have you spent ENDLESS hours playing civilization? If yes, you will like this fantasy version.  Challenging, tons to learn, lots of fun."
76561198050304016,Recommended,289130,12815738,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,"It was a toss up between buying Endless Legend or CIV Beyond Earth, I can say that I am 100% happy that I went with Endless Legend. This game is everything that you could possibly want from a strategy game. It has a ton of features that I have never seen before. The lore is really good, the combat system is unique and strategic, the diplomacy offers a ton of options etc. I could go on and on about this game and why it is one of the best games I have ever played. Each faction or race hase a unique spin that gives the game a huge amount of replayability, you can also create a unique faction to play as. Heroes and individual units can be upgraded and augmented with discovered or researched tech.I would also like to note that the graphics, especially the world map are gorgeous. If you are a fan of turn based games or the Civ series of games Endless Legend is a must buy!!"
76561198032256289,Recommended,289130,22293650,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Allahu,"This game is like crack. Its fantasy setting has solid roots in the sci-fi universe of endless space. It has left me staying up until 3 AM to just play one more turn.  Its very unique take on the 4x genre; I especially find its regional limitations an intelligent twist on city placement. While I've found it does get surprisingly choppy during gameplay, though it's more of a quality of life issue than a gamebreaker. Nonetheless, this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥and if you like turn-based 4x strategy games this is worth checking out."
,Recommended,289130,20515263,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Graf Wasili,"Best Fantasy 4X-Game since Masters of Magic (theese two are the only ones of this genre where I actually finished a game). Plays like a mix of civ and and the old heroes of might and magic games. The system is complex but feels balanced and in no way redundant. Great rearangement of classic fantasy themes and interesting factions.Cons:- still a little buggy at times- turn-based combat: you can't fully control every single unit and the ai doesn't always do what you want. As a result, simply switching the position of two adjacent units is a matter of luck. Still fun, but could turn some people off."
,Recommended,289130,10017596,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Pudding Please,"Some bugs declared war on me, I wiped out their entire population in the next 4 turns. 10/10"
,Recommended,289130,13275514,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Churl,"I love everything about this game. It's a very refreshing 4X strategy game, probably my favorite game of 2014 so far."
76561198166503793,Recommended,289130,24002292,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bear,"This game is what happens when you take civ 5, fix most of the things wrong with it and add new and interesting things, its a little hard to get used to but i love this game and reccommend it"
76561198003586786,Recommended,289130,22695615,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Turrican,"This is ahead of Civilisation 5, Age of Wonders 3 and Thea: The Awakening as the grreatest 4x game ever made."
,Recommended,289130,21100915,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AlmostLife (Aisha),"Results inconclusive.Must invest lifetime to determine conclusion.(Baically, it's amazing.)"
,Recommended,289130,12833835,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Mr McTabernaffy,I went out and spent £120 on a new monitor so i could play this game.
76561198050495401,Recommended,289130,22844431,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,OTAK MECIN,"Upside :Nice gameplay, nice graphic, nice storyDownside :it crash on me, it didn't quit, but still annoyingMultiplayer with human is almost impossible.Still recommended though, come no lifer! join the game"
,Recommended,289130,20740318,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,eznx89,"So, I gave this game a try for a few hours, and I loved it.  The game itself is different from what I was previously accustomed, but I will certainly return for many more hours.  My review is short and to the point, and I will refrain from commenting on the finer points of the game as I simply haven't put in as many hours, as yet.  Enjoy!"
76561197977189830,Recommended,289130,9941431,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,goodolarchie™,"Has the makings of a great fantasy 4x.The combat and exploration are a bit flat/unfinished at the moment, but the city building / empire mechanics are well fleshed out.  Maybe I'm just playing wrong, but as it stands, my units just kind of roam around, doing odd quests to kill random armies or search ruins.  Some of them have specific requirements that I haven't been able to meet.  The combat is largely automated and sometimes frustrating, but the mechanics all seem to be there under the hood.I would recommend playing with all the indicators/notifications turned on, there's a lot of stuff that is hidden by default.  Also, don't expect a peaceful city/empire builder, this game is more like Risk, with production hubs.Overall, pretty impressive (and expensive) for an Alpha release."
,Recommended,289130,12664960,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,cG.vahnn,"Beast 4x or Best 4x?  Why not both?Big AI fix patch (along with other goodies) is due any time now which is great news because the game is already great.  I believe their plan is to release frequent free DLC and expansions, as they did with Endless Space.  Let's hope they deliver.  So far so good."
76561198041610232,Recommended,289130,22981529,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,GravG,"Endless Legend is a very intelligent turn based strategy game.I don't have nearly as much time as most people, but even in my time playing, I discovered a ridiculous amount of customization of cities resources and troops in order to maximize my own play style.I thoroughly enjoy this!"
,Recommended,289130,17245471,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Nux,"Endless Legend is one of the best 4X games I have played in awhile, it took a genre that was becoming repetitive and stale and made it fresh and new again.Endless Legend has all of the features you expect from a 4X turn-based strategy making it feel familiar and comfortable, but it has a slew of new ideas that all work very well to freshen things up a bit.  The best of these being the addition of RPG elements.  A quest system that leads to rewards ranging from strategic resources and powerful weapons and armor.  Weapons and armor gathered from quests or through exploitation of science and resources can be used to upgrade your heroes and units giving you an edge over your enemies.  Every faction has there own traits and perks making each one a unique playthrough.Endless Legend has everything plus more to keep you up all night saying just one more turn.  If your a fan of 4X games than purchase this right away."
,Recommended,289130,17962760,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Regal Kain,"As of writing this, I have 87 hours into the game. I feel that's a solid amount of time to review it. It's a 4x game, good, bad, otherwise It's a 4X game. If you don't like 4X games, if you don't like long strategy games, don't bother seriously. If you enjoy strategy games, especially 4X games, get this. Even at full price it is well worth it. There is a lot of customization available if you are playing with friends or solo, making your own race, customizing how the world spawns etc. Most multiplayer games (online ones that is, not friendly ones) don't allow custom factions because you can make some pretty OP stuff.The sound in the game is awesome, I personally enjoy it, the graphics have a nice feel to it, as someone who also owns Civ 5, I vastly prefer this to that. If you are wondering whether to get it, I'd certainly recommend doing so, if you still aren't sure, wait till a sale of any kind then get it. You won't regret it if you enjoy 4X games."
,Recommended,289130,19270623,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ozenserf,"Bought both DLC last week $20 total. Bundle a little more expensive. Not even mad, it was totally worth it. Fun game dlc good Best 4X game"
,Recommended,289130,19426138,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,"Makooti, the Bionic Man","If you always wanted a game that felt like the perfect hybrid ofHeroes of Might & MagicandCivilization, look no further. Endless Legend is that game. It excels at what makes the previous titles so good, while being completely unique in its own right.Heroes augment your armies and aid your cities in useful ways.The UI is simple, clean, and tells you what you need to know.The different races are each unique, and the ability to make a custom civilization is very nice.The music is simply beautiful, really imparting the feel of a different fantasy world.It's a beautiful game, with a fantastic art style all around.The combat and unit customization are also nice features, although I find myself automating combat for the most part, simply to save time.The quest system is interesting and rewarding, adding to an already impressive array of possible victory conditions.The DLC adds quite a few new and interesting features to the game, such as monuments, spying, pillaging, and more quests.Fresh, fun, and interesting.9/10"
76561197984584684,Recommended,289130,19271765,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Nova,"A turnbased strategy game with quests and story?What is this black magic?!Endless legend is a fun and engaging strategy game from the great people at Amplitude. It is fun to play single player or with friends.There are major and minor quests and faction specific ones. The quests keep the game interesting and fresh as it is not simply a ""build as many cities as possible, raise a giant f@#king army, and murder everyone else"" civ clone.The writing in this game is absolutley fantastic. Amplitude is always great at writing things from rich stories all the way down to individual items. As such the game has good writing that is serious when it needs to be and humerous at parts to keep things lively. But don't let the all the story telling scare you away, you don't need to read pages and pages of text to know what is going on or what it is you are supposed to be doing.The mechanics are good and easy to pick up, but don't let that fool you; the game will chew you up and spit you out if you don't have a good strategy. There are different difficulty settings that start at levels that are a sufficient challenge for a novice and ramp up to crazy insane hard. The higher settings make the AI smarter and more adaptable, not a simple ""they just have better hit points"" bs difficulty setting.TLDRGet this game if you are looking for something fresh, fun, and interesting"
76561198044155096,Recommended,289130,24445634,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,MrChumush,I was bored playing 4X. I was.
,Recommended,289130,24900798,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,kagechikara,"Really enjoying this game, it's  grabbed me more than any other 4x game has. I really like how individual and unique the factions feel."
76561197976040828,Recommended,289130,24996710,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Elliott,A great fantasy strategy game with a beautiful art direction and addictive empire building.
,Recommended,289130,31206060,Posted: 17 April,all,Dimitri Cosmos ✅,"Short verdict:Endless Legendis a combination of an RPG and a 4X game with a poor communication of its mechanics and a lack of strategical depth.The strongest aspects ofEndless Legendare the visuals and the artstyle. Not only the art in the cutscenes is very beautiful (some perspective and pose mistakes, though), but the faction and unit concepts are really well thought through. They even have a community-developed faction – the Cultists. However, due to a lack of colour contrast on the map, it is sometimes hard to distinguish the details on the tiles.The RPG element is also very strong. With faction quests, you get something of a story in this game. Also, there are many sidequests and some cooperative and competitive quests. The quests are so omnipresent in this game that it starts to feel like a tabletop RPG likeRunewars(byFFG). It's not neccesarily a bad thing; it gives the game a unique flavour; but eventually one starts to lose track of all the numerous quests, which pile up, if the player actively explores the map, especially, if it's large.When it comes to the strategic aspect, there are many layers and details in this game. However, whenever I played, I found that I'm actually not using many of them to their full extent, either because I have no need for them or I just reach the victory too fast. Let me give you a few examples:1. There are 9 possible victory types, but elimination and expansion victories are more easily accessible. Even, when I wanted to reach the wonder or scientific victory, I came close to expansion/elimination victory as I played, so I went for it.2. The factions have unique buildings, traits, technologies and units, but they don't feel much different, when it comes to the gameplay. It seems that the players are supposed to capitalise on the strengths of each faction and, thus, implement a different strategy, but in reality I ended up playing the same with each faction. For example, Ardent Mages can buy and place pillars that provide temporary bonuses, but I discovered that the dust (money) required for that is better spent on the buildings and units.3. The player can adjust the population of the cities, by allocating workers for each FIDSI (food, industry, dust = money, science and influence) resource boost. However, the boost is so substantial and immediate that you can easily exploit this game with it. Early on, I discovered that I can just allocate all my workers to ''dust'' production and buy out all the buildings and units much faster than if I built them in the usual way. With the right technology choice, one can advance his economy very substantially and, thus, gain the upper hand. Other FIDSI aspects are balanced out by purchasing the buildings and city expansions. Activating resource boosts could also be tremendously helpful.4. Spying - another aspect of the game that I never used. Why would I waste my influence to sabotage the enemy, if I can just easily destroy him with my army in much shorter time and, thus, save the precious influence points for my empire plan?On the bright side, I really enjoyed assimilating the minor factions, improving the unit and hero designs and the ability to have a hero from any faction and unit from any assimilated minor faction. I also liked that the heroes have skill trees.However, the fact that one can claim a region with just one city and create an infrastructure almost in an instance kind of takes the challenge away. Such principles are not neccessarily bad, I hate micromanaging anyway, but in that case there should be something else that makes one plan several steps ahead. Therefore, I must say that this game really lacks strategical depth.It looks complicated because of the complicated interface. But once I got to understand the UI and the gameplay principles, I understood that there's not much strategy behind it. It's really not complicated, it just communicates with the player poorly and, thus, creates an illusion that it is. (I had to useGoogleseveral times, because, more than in one occasion, I was confused about the quest objective).Also, as the player advances further in the game, with the discovery of middle and late era technologies, there's just too many things going on in your cities and on the map in general. As I were coming closer and closer to victory, I found myself to be less and less interested in the city management. I just auto-resolved the battles and queed production, buying out as many buildings/expansions as possible.Therefore, all the nice and well-thought details layered on the basic gameplay were not very useful, because in its coreEndless Legendis a quite dull experience. It's a little bit too casual for my taste, just interesting enough to play it once or twice.And for that reason, I don't think that the DLCs are worth purchasing, because one's faction choice doesn't change the overall experience much.My overall rating: 8/10."
76561198031381495,Recommended,289130,22895415,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Katowska,"If you have come looking for a replacement to Civ 5, then you might want to look at other games. Even though both games are 4x turnbased strategy, they play very differently from eachother. If i had to describe a feeling of this game, it would be like a Civ game, heavily influenced by roleplay and D&D games. However, if you can live whit predetermined land regions, Quest systems, Chess-like combat and broken yet balanced game mechanics, then this game might be worth your time and money.To play endless well, you will have to both micro- and macromannage your empire and economy well. Just to be sucsessfull, you will need to learn alot of new systems, that truthfully, are not adiquately explain during the tutorial. Rather, you will need to play atleast 5-10 hours before you get most of the systems in the game. There is indeed a high learning curve, and for new players not familiar whit 4x games, it might kill the experience befoure you really get to the good stuff. Once past that limit though, and the game opens up for hours of good entertainment.A last word of advice before the Pro/con list: Play whit human players. They act more intelligent than the AIPros:- Questlines, whit meaningfull rewards- Alot of viable strategies for players to win- LOADS of Customization options- Uniqe factions whit deep lore background provides an immersive setting.- Rewards players who thinks about their strategy and economyCons:- Steep learning curve- AI difficulty settings feels unfair (Hard and above) or boring (Anything below hard)- Combat AI functions really odd at times- Some victory conditions and systems can feel broken at times (Diplomatic and economic victory, Custom factions)- A bad starting region can serverely hurt your chances of winning and enjoying the game"
76561198014023009,Recommended,289130,24512956,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,The Captain,"I've had this game for a while now and enjoyed it greatly. The comparison to Civ5 is kind of obvious, but not really appropriate because the games deliver in different areas. My best suggestion would be to look at a few minutes of gameplay and see if it's the kind of thing you'd like.Deterrents:- WAY too hard to learn. Expect to play for a while before you know what you're doing, or be willing to do some research. No campaign to explain the different races either.- Late game is lacking. Feels like a rush to the finish line rather than a maneuver, not helped by the lack of victory progress tracking for each of the empires.- Simultaneous turns means regions are snatched away by rival settlers the second before you press the button. Also, hotseat isn't supported.- The races, despite being so varied and interesting, don't behave all that differently from each other as rival empires. Missed opportunity for a lot of character.Appeals:- Leveling your heroes is very satsifying and offers a wide range of benefits based on race and class, becoming true powerhouses in the mid game that can help immensely.- Quest system integrated into empire building rather well, rewarding you for exploring with currency and items for your heroes. Just don't be upset if you miss a few.- Well done asymmetric gameplay. While not all the races play radically differently, there are some that force a change in strategy, such as only having one city or not using food.- Tactical battles that let you try to eke out a win against a higher level foe or turn a close contest into a decisive victory. Racial units have some variety in here as well."
,Recommended,289130,25077983,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Skippy,"fantasy civ, big fan"
,Recommended,289130,27549023,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Freedum-chan,Every piece of content is worth it just to see the flow of ideas about how can you perverse 4X.
,Recommended,289130,34895487,Posted: 11 September,all,Moesacra,God I have only just started this game but man I havent been lost inside of a game this much in years.  I did not expect it to immerse me so much.  I normaly do not care much about lore and what not but this game made me care and made me factor that into my choice.  I cannot reccomend this game enough.  It is a great time killer and is very easy to lose yourself into.  I reccomend giving it a try.  I do not think you will be dissapointed.10/10
76561198257603722,Recommended,289130,25671610,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,noldoriangamer,"An amazing 4X game, much like Civilizations 5, but far better. The graphics are amazing and the combat is unique.However, it is a highly complex game, so dont underestimate it!---cya later ciVI!"
,Recommended,289130,29391430,Posted: 20 January,all,Triumph,"I see this is on sale so just wanted to do a quick recommend. Especially if you enjoyed any civilization games. This one stands out on it's own, and feels different, but will appeal to civ players or players of similar games. The equipment for heroes adds an rpg style progression to them along with the trait focus as you level them. Allowing you to make your heroes more proficient in some areas for different uses.The game starts out slow in the early turns, but if you can get around that it's pretty nice so far. I hadn't put too much time into yet, but keep it installed since I plan to finish my custom once I feel like putting the time into it. You have an obvious and easy way to select/deselect dlc individually also in case you want some disabled for a particular scenario you make.At like ten bucks currently for the game and dlc, or 17 bucks for the entire endless series (dungeon is also good, a tactical tower defense type of game with a different feel though I haven't played endless space so can't comment on that one). One Endless Legend expansion just came out a couple of months ago, so the packages on the current sale are a steal and you pretty much are close to getting the current expansion for free."
,Recommended,289130,26027501,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Zldw,Gud
76561198154940504,Recommended,289130,24758117,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Paul the Llama,Great gameMy fav
,Recommended,289130,26021090,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Seymour Booday,"If you like 4X, this is for you."
,Recommended,289130,29985015,Posted: 17 February,all,Tsuzu,"If Heroes of Might & Magic was a 4X game this would be it.It's neither a CIV nor a HEROES game; It's both.You can't go wrong with it if you like either of those.And no, it's not♥♥♥♥♥♥like the latest Civ/Heroes games.We'll have to wait for Endless Legend 3 or something."
76561197991425966,Recommended,289130,17861398,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Valkorne,The soundtrack. THE SOUNDTRACK!
,Recommended,289130,12163598,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,PostalPatriot,Game really shaped up to be some far better then i was expecting. hightly reccomend if you like Endless space or CIV
,Recommended,289130,21327538,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,teslas,"This game is fantastic.Think Civilization 5, but with a truly workable narrative based on your faction, and perhaps a bit deeper in strategy.The city management/construction system will be immediately familiar but turns out to be deceptively deep and enjoyable. The tech tree allows a ton of freedom on what paths you decide to go down. You equip your units with what items you choose, which harkens back to the days of Alpha Centauri. You have options for units, but it's not so many that it bogs you down--it strikes a great balance.The combat system is merely alright. It is by no means is bad, but compared to the other facets of the game that are wonderfully polished and/or pleasantly original, the combat, which would seem perfectly in place in a game that was merely good or great, seems to lag behind the otherwise stellar showing of the other aspects. Again, combat is not bad, to be clear, just a bit different and slightly clunky.I'll mention the narrative once again and also the flavor texts because I like that kind of thing if done lightly. You never get blasted by walls of text, and you can ignore any and all of it if you wish, but taking a few seconds to read the extra sentences of fluff, I've found, really ties the world together. In my first couple of games I actually almost felt as if I was playing a scripted campaign, not a compeltely random map. The music even has me humming along occaisonally, and further adds to the atmosphere and respectable production quality.I bought the game on sale, then a couple of days later bought most of the DLCs just because I felt like I owed them more money. The base game is worth full price, and I'm a bit ashamed, as a fan of the 4X genre, that I hadn't gotten this when it was brand new.I don't know what else is left to say other than that at 20+ hours in, I am sure I'll be spending quadruple that in the next few months in Endless Legend. I am looking forward to starting up the next game as a new faction to see how the game plays through with them, as the two of them I've tried thus far are distinctly unique in their playstyle. Playing a multiplayer map with some friends is bound to be a good time as well.Truly solid experience."
,Recommended,289130,21399913,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,OG Cat,"Got the whole package on sale, and thats a lot of game.Its what I wished Civ Beyond Earth was.Gives new meaning to the phrase ""One more turn""."
76561198054899949,Recommended,289130,12532991,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,CoolVan,"Endless Legend, another great Turn based strategy.The game is quite demanding in the high graphics settings but is beautiful.with an introduction to many races that are unique to the gameing world andyet similar to the previous works of Amplitude Endless space. They share a verysimilar interface that is easy to get used to for novie and expert players.the game was even for the first few minutes of gameplay enjoyable so i give it a8/10 ( 80% )"
,Recommended,289130,20078534,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Unethrope,"This game has been really great.  I've loved Civ games in the past (I've put in over 1000 hrs in Civ V), and this game takes what I love about Civ and improves upon the weaker aspects.  The biggest improvement, by far, is the combat.  Combat in Civ has historically just been [this number] vs. [this number].  Civ V did a lot to increase tactical play by removing unit stacking, but it still doesn't hold a candle to Endless Legend.  The city combat system is also leagues ahead of Civ.  I encourage trying this game.  If you like Civ V, this seems like a no-brainer pick-up."
76561198031532681,Recommended,289130,12179459,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Indomitable,"After having put some time in, I love this game. It's fascinating. Have personally logged over 1000 hours on Civ5 and EU4 I was expecting ""more of the same"", but this game is so much more.GameplayThe game play is good. Really intuitive menus and everything is responsive. Even without the tutorial, in your first playthrough you'll get a sense of ""what does what"" quite quickly.GraphicsThe is gorgeous. The art style is absolutely wonderful and stylized and the graphics themselves are good. It's a good looking game. It's not ""cutting edge"", however for me, graphics should be a function of what they are trying to represent, not what extreme resolution I can get. (Although, you 1080p folks shoud know they have an option to increase text size for 1080p setting, which is a godsend.)SoundEasily one of the strongest elements of this game. Music is only second to the gameplay. The music is inspired and interesting... it takes you away to ""another place"", and that's really amazing.NarrativeThere's a story here and it's interesting... and some of the themes that the factions represent are really engaging. There is a ""religious machines"" style faction and I have to say, that's engaging from a narrative standpoint. Really amazing. All the factions and the world have ""something to say"" and you want to know more.TechnicalFrom my end, the game works well. I have a dated PC so I was pleasantly surprised to see the game work so smoothly on the highest graphics setting.NegativesI found the world map took a little getting used to, it sometimes ""feels"" cluttered... but you'll be used to it by the end of your first playthrough."
,Recommended,289130,20249356,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,|Fever| Cybernetcrash,"I love this game. It's probably the most well made and rounded 4X game I've played, and even the DLC is completely worth it, each adding great content fairly cheap, compared to many other games I can think that do neither.I want to point on what I've had in my mind on most of my games, which is the combat AI. It's really brilliant. The units don't just go to the target the shortest way to attack; they will find the best way for them to get a bonus, e.g. if they have to circle around a unit so they can get high ground, then they will. The only complaint I have on that matter is that it would be nice if the support Heroes would give their bonuses and heals to the unit that would need it most, instead of themselves in case they have no action against an opponent (in the case of holding ground).All being said, I'd definitely recommend this for all fans of 4X games. It's the best choice atm!"
76561198019050303,Recommended,289130,12193284,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,RedPhoenixChaos,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game.  I enjoy good fantasy RTS.  This one does well capturing the feel of a new world while offering a few twists along the way.  Each of the playable races are very interesting and diferent in gameplay.  I like the inclusion of a ""story"" for each race too.  Moving around the map can be a little tricky and frustrating when your army takes a particular path you did not want.  I think the company's sci-fi RTS, Endless Space, a better game but this one was still good in its own right.  I expect improvements as the game goes on as well as some good DLCs.If you enjoy RTS games, this one should satisfy you and give you plenty to enjoy."
76561198143516108,Recommended,289130,33008917,Posted: 29 June,all,ManiacYeti,Fun for the first several games but after a while the lack of many different factions can become quite stale
,Recommended,289130,17609496,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Valkyrie,Please buy this game
,Recommended,289130,12845398,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,iSudNop the Nerd,Like you put Heroes : Might and Magic + Civilization togetherfor me it's worth my time and money
76561197987203275,Recommended,289130,12185049,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Thesco,"Still needs workAs the trader faction I got a primary quest that required me to capture an enemy primary city, except that faction cannot declare war.The only way to complete the main questline would be to♥♥♥♥♥♥them off enough to declare war on me on their own, and then capture the cityI would still recommend the gameEdit:I have found that you can use ""freelance guilds"" to capture a city as this race-which is not really easy to accomplish when the city you are supposed to capture is the enemy's capital city, and not immediately obvious to the quest when it tells you that your possible options are war, or to purchase the city (you cannot purchase the city unless it is in a contract to end a war)I also found that as the Unbroken -- your similar quest is to capture a city, but they dont tell you where it is"
,Recommended,289130,17762065,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,8th | Cоsмоиaцт ☭,"The Necrophages (A race of eternally hungry and extremley warlike bugs, who no one can ever declare peace with) constructed an international museum, bankrupted the Roving Clans (the economic powerhouse of the game),  and collected more dust than the Broken Lords (who depend on dust to survive), all before winning a scientific victory; laughing in the face of the Vaulters (The most scientifically advanced faction).Every time I remember it, I just imagine huge insects running around with lab coats and those huge nerd-y glasses, clutching vials and beakers, screaming 'Eureka!'Ugh, I hate the Necrophages. .___."
,Not Recommended,289130,33290544,Posted: 5 July,all,Kashou,The multiplayer is completely broken. Do not play this game if you want to play it with friends. You'll desync constantly and the save files will get messed up so you won't be able to reload.Fun game otherwise though.
76561198069621713,Recommended,289130,24707739,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,DanTheMan,Better then memes.
76561198068752431,Recommended,289130,23010930,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Leader of Pants,The factions have a ton of flavor. I really like how they set the system up
,Recommended,289130,22812456,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,The Galaxywalker,This game is a perfect mix of CIV and a Fantasy Game. It is the perfect combination and the controls and layout are pretty similar to Endless Space. I really love it!
76561198019655996,Recommended,289130,25490806,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,てモしモM口HくH口S,I like...especially the diplomacy system!!! (not like civ diplomacy!!)
,Not Recommended,289130,33499010,Posted: 13 July,all,Hiro Protagonist,"I'm a fan of the civilization series, old Heroes of Might and Magic games (2 and 3), as well as age of Wonder. However, I could not really get into this game. I did not find any of the races or gameplay compelling. I never got that moment where the game really excited me. It's definitely a well developed product so maybe I will come around in the future."
,Recommended,289130,12156625,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,cruciFy,Spent 1 Hour in the first Tutorial mission just jamming out to the background music. 100/10 Would JAM Again. <3(This game be epic tho.. if Civ 5 had a baby with Homm 6 this baby would eat that baby and be crowned god.)
76561198024901635,Not Recommended,289130,16728022,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,FullOvStars,"This game looks good, has a myriad of build options and a massive science tree. It looks good and has so much potential. I would have liked to give it maybe 9/10 on its general content, BUT the diplomacy system is rudimentary and the combat system so very, very bad that it is beyond description. I can honestly say that I haven't seen a combat system this bad and I've been gaming for over 3 decades. Totally makes the game unplayable in my eyes."
76561197964878156,Not Recommended,289130,21972304,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,TOG | CapGun,"I had high hopes for this game but it just didn't grab me. I would describe it as tedious and boring.Im at 8hrs played compared to 700 hours for Total War Atilla, 284 hours Shogun 2 etc. Im a big fan of the 4x gameplay having enjoyed all the CIV etc games over the years.Cons:  The combat is boring and the autocombat was screwy. 7 units vs 2 units would see one of my better ranged units die each time rather than any of the miltia/melee forcing me to have to play manually. Surely the game would realise the 5 melee units would protect the 2 ranged units.The manual combat is painful as you have multiple phases. First you choose movement and targeting then it resolves the combat. You set units to attack targets and too many of them move away from the target rather than engaging it. I'm sure I could get to learn how to counter this but I can't see myself wanting to.50+ turns into a game and I feel like I've accomplished little and don't feel any satisfation.Pros: Looks pretty and quests are an interesting addition.All in all I can't recommend this game with the autocombat being so badly weighted and the manual combat too tedious."
76561197999552661,Not Recommended,289130,12718645,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Kagetora,"I'll preface by saying that in spite of my negative vote on this one, it's not a bad game. In fact, it's very well executed. The maps are very pretty, I like the unit editor, and also all of the customization options for setting up a new game.The problem is that pretty much all of the gameplay is nothing I haven't seen before. The tactical combat is pretty much the same as Heroes of Might and Magic, but not as diverse. For example, units don't have very many abilities, and there are also pretty much only 4 types of units, excluding your hero unit. You can hire mercenaries or ""assimilate"" minor cultures into your own empire, but they will only give you one new type of unit, and you can only assimilate a few minor cultures at a time.The strategic gameplay is just Civ 5 reskinned. You build cities on a hex grid, choosing placement based on the amount of gold, food, production on the grid (though it is a little different in that you can't just plop down a city anywhere--only one city per ""region""). You queue up buildings, units, and research in your cities. You use your units to destroy roaming enemies (i.e. bandits) or attack other cities. You collect various strategic resources which are necessary for research and production. All pretty standard faire.Again, I think it's done fairly well. My main issue with the game is the lack of a story. There's a sort of blurb for each culture about why they're doing what they're doing, and you can also perform a ""main quest""; however, most of the quest objectives don't really have any relevance to any sort of story. I.e. ""Go kill this thing"" or ""build this building"" or ""Have X amount of gold in your treasury,"" that sort of thing. Not particularly compelling. The AI is also pretty passive for the most part, and diplomacy has very few options (declare war, close borders, form alliance). The enemy cultures will also have absolutely nothing to do with any sort of story, so I didn't feel any reason to like/dislike them. They were essentially just mindless opponents, my rivals by sheer virtue of the fact that they were on the same map as me.In the end, I found myself bored after a couple hours. I hate that I got bored, because I spent a fair amount of money on the game--but I just can't see myself being particularly interested in playing it again, or even finishing the game I started.So that's why I don't recommend it. If you like 4X games just because they're 4X games, this one is pretty decent. But that's about all there is to it. It's a generic fantasy 4X game."
76561197994400863,Recommended,289130,9939418,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Tuber Tugger,"This game looks totally bonkers good. Its still very early to tell if everything works though, since its incomplete.I'm very excited for a finished product, and I'll be watching the developers posts every day."
76561197983105124,Recommended,289130,13538276,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Extremophile Elite,Civilization meets Dark Fantasy world but the different races/nations are VERY different.  In very cool and interesting ways.  A must get for 4x fans.
,Recommended,289130,20173107,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,adityasitumeang,"i thought i can just give those damned people my dust and make them like me, then i realize i am in a different game.9/10!"
,Recommended,289130,19646447,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Adrian Gaming,"This game is... something else entirely. It's not even so much of a game but rather a story and an interactive experience.This is by far the most beautiful and fantastically imaginative game I have played in a LONG TIME; the world map, the units, the buildings, and the attention to detail have been beautifully crafted and methodically thought out to create a world of imagination, fantasy, and legend. There is a gaming aspect to it, but the world sucks you in and leaves you curious and wanting more every single time you press, ""Next Turn"".The UI is sleek, the graphics without challengers, and the balance wonderful. There is so much to do in this game, but at the same time, it really guides you through and makes your quest for empire amazing. I have not been captivated by a game like this in my endless years of gaming, and that is truly astonishing to say.It's no Civ V: it's certainly better as a 4X strategy game. Civ V is historical, but this game trumps every card it has and it's not even based on history: it's based in a beautiful and creative world that feels alive and awe-inspiring, and you as a player are right in it.Read the storylines, enjoy the quests, enjoy the canon, and you will fall in love with this game as I have.Get this game.P.S. The music is probably some of the most beautiful, hypnotic, and tear-jerking work I have ever heard in not only a video game but also in general. It is a mix of classical, melancholy, and soothing but passionate tones of what sound like cellos, basoons, French horns, light strings, and non-diagetic sounds that really engulf your ears in beauty and, sometimes, what feels like sorrow, pain, loss, and heartache. Considering the fantasy aspect of the game, the music is just unrivaled in immersing you in the fantasy world."
,Recommended,289130,12168291,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,MINECRAFTMAN2001,i have been having more fun with this than i ever had with civ
,Recommended,289130,12280750,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Repoman,"This is a fantastic strategy game! If you enjoy Civilization or anything similar, you will love this game."
76561198005369385,Recommended,289130,13293022,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Ellestor Ta'Kier,"Hello all, Buy this game!I have played a bit over 50 hours and I can say I am honestly blown away!This has all the best elements of Endless space, ( custom factions, diverse racial powers/personalities, along with the depth or other games like Civ ( dare I say EU?) ok not THAT deep but still insanely good.If i had to gripe about ONE aspect, it would be that the AI could be better in warfare, but all in all an amazing game and if you enjoy multiplayer... this is the game for you!!!AHH.. almost forgot, it also allows for almost seemless corrections with desyncs/dropped players/ droppped hosts etc..in a word...Masterful"
,Recommended,289130,13153236,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Shinobu Oshino,"Swiggity swooty this game is the swaggiest thing I've seen since Qwiqk talking. Great gameplay and beautiful graphics. Only downsides I can truly think of is the lack of length for really long games. About 15 hours for the longest setting. Also even though I havent explored the game more than once thus far, it seems like theres a lack of content in the game itself. I've found replicas of the same gear in the expeditions my heros went on for free swag. And I usually dont get anything else but an amount of dust proportional to the era that I'm in. Other than the seeming lack of content( Possibly for dlc purposes)   It's a solid 8.5/10 to even a 9/10. I refuse to call it a masterpiece though until there is more in the form of dlc or free updates. However the rating will probably come into the cost to content ratio. I hate expensive dlc, especially when its as expensive as the game itself. Im looking at you Civ 5."
76561198080588083,Recommended,289130,13843248,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,PsychoFatCat /b/,"Very challenging, really fun. Just wish people actually played Multiplayer. :("
76561198047608290,Recommended,289130,15966642,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,I'm Treating myself,"Endless Legend?More like endless crashes.More like endless grind.I really enjoyed Endless Space, but this game takes what was good about the system in Endless space and makes it boring.No real customisation of units other than"" Here's some better armour and a choice of two types of weapons, it all does the same thing and you can't really make your units better at defending themselves against their weakness but that's cool right?!""I don't even want to speak about the endless (lol) game crashes, for the vast majority of my last game I had an error message come up every turn, nothing game breaking but very annoying and it only happens if the game doesn't decide to freeze or CTD.I would say the game is enjoyable when you can play it, no where near as much fun as Endless space but still enjoyable.I like grinding, especially in strategy games but not to this extent, you aren't really rewarded for it either.Also the tech tree makes ♥♥♥♥ all sense.6/10 not worth £30, wait for it to be on sale."
,Recommended,289130,12182439,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Uselesc,"First Civilization-like game I've ever played for more than 20 minutes and wanted to keep playing. Great art, Fantastic sound track, and a Fun collection of mechanics to win in many different ways!"
,Recommended,289130,13145452,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,eggs,weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
,Recommended,289130,13763417,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,digital blackface,better than civ
76561198068587536,Recommended,289130,10068060,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Adolf Hipster,If your reading this your wasting time that would be better spent playing this awsome game
,Recommended,289130,14459880,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,HeroOfWar,Awesome game!!
,Recommended,289130,11168144,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,TAFKAV,I cannot stress how much this game rules. This is Everything I ever wanted from a Fantasy TBS Game. 5/5
76561198086971507,Recommended,289130,12273075,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,jimjams26,it is a fantastic  game and incredibly addictive  you will have hours of fun either playing  single player or the multiplayer mode
,Recommended,289130,12142003,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Warmarine,"This is actually one of the few Early Access games I played that actually got a legit release that I can extremely recommend. The lore in this game is rich, the complexity of each factions makes unique ways to play each faction, the designs of the game is beautiful. Unfortunately the combat is a little simplistic but overall I really think this is a game to check out"
76561197971268012,Recommended,289130,12143568,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Osku,Absolutely enchanting and different design with a decent mechanics. Not without bugs even after a very long early-access period but none of them haven't stopped me playing. World and it's uniqueness being the games strongest point.
76561197970074892,Recommended,289130,12143714,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,DaiAku,"This is one the more original and well thought 4x games released in a long time.  Most people will compare it to Civ 5 which is probably something it is close too but this game is very original in its nature and scope and resembles Heroes of Might and Magic and Kings Bounty well.Solid performance, gameplay, graphics, sound, ahd lore - this game is something special.  If you like 4x this is a must have.  If you are looking to try out a 4x turn based strategy game to see if its is your thing - look no further."
76561198006862581,Recommended,289130,12143833,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Barbudo,"4X strategy game set on Sci-fi-Fantasy world. One of the best 4X games on the market at the moment it definately worths your time and money. Bought it on the early access,played plenty of games and every game even with the same faction is a bit different than the last time cause there is always something new to find out. Easy 10/10"
76561197997653383,Recommended,289130,10046639,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Prawn Cracker,"Could be great, Its already good..."
76561198048553346,Recommended,289130,10050500,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Obsidanse,Still quite early and all information is contained in tool tips. No primer on game play yet.
,Recommended,289130,10177390,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,noodlecry,Pretty good for an early access game. I recommend buying it because it is very diferent to the normal 4X game.
76561198012822064,Recommended,289130,9967716,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,aobigdog,"Heck yes. Fun game, can take a little bit of time to get good at but its fun. I compare it to a fantasy version of Civilization. Still some glitches but not really a big issue. Just save often but dont worry about it if you dont. The game has an autosave feature that is pretty good and fairly frequent.Looking forward to when it is fully functional"
76561198024226229,Recommended,289130,9967862,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Scrub King,Needs abit of work here and there however it's looking extremly promising.
76561197991498138,Recommended,289130,9968375,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,RedSkiesatDawn,Baller.
76561198062854977,Recommended,289130,9975203,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,kleissler_ryan,An alpha version of a great looking game that IS DIFFERENT FROM CIV.
,Recommended,289130,9976070,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Mao ZeDank,Mix Civ 5 with endless space and u got this. Great game with pretty good features and graphics.
76561197997751285,Recommended,289130,9977652,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Petrichor,This game looks like its going to be big.  A simple interface CIV style gameplay with a more strategic battle system + questing. Nice smooth graphics.   I would definitely keep an eye on this one and would buy early if this is one of 'your' genres.
76561197996295745,Recommended,289130,9980896,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Shenpai 쉔파이,"Really great game and only in Alpha, has premise to become even better and become a solid 4x strategy. If your okay with bugs and missing features go for it, otherwise come back in a few months time when it will be the best ^__^"
76561198008900081,Recommended,289130,9982859,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Maedhros,"Early version of a game that should be a very solid title once it's finished. If you enjoy Erador or Age of Wonders III this will be a game you're likely to get into. As of now it's very much a work in progress but hey, it's playable. I've already gotten ~15 hours of entertainment for my money and I'm sure this will eat large portions of my life when it's completed."
,Recommended,289130,9996576,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,AmadeoKristoff,Loved it thus far!
76561198034805231,Recommended,289130,10290480,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,seo_dongjin,"It crashes pretty much every 3 ~ 4 hours of playing.Well.. it is Alpha... So, I hope it gets stable when it is finally released.Other than that it is awesome considering it is only Alpha version."
,Recommended,289130,14948360,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Group of Trees,"This is absolutely one of the best games I've ever played. The factions are all unique, fun to play, and challenging. I highly recommend this for anyone. It has amazing lore, an intuitive playstyle, and great graphics."
,Recommended,289130,19352631,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,expand dong,"Other people have written reviews that express my opinions of the game better than i ever could so i can just say if you're thinking ""maybe"" just JUST JUST GET IT"
,Recommended,289130,12239802,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Maelstrom Vortex,"Wonderful game. Almost like a Fantasy version of civilization. A definite must have for those who love fiction and 4x games. A little buggy, but survivable."
76561198042112995,Recommended,289130,13865986,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ErebusPhantom,"I'll say this - I haven't played this game too much, but from what I did and will play in the future, it is fun, I think its pretty good considering I'm 50/50 on 4X games - I hate them and don't ever wanna touch them, yet I also love them and think they are fun... :P"
76561198088613703,Recommended,289130,14170150,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TopBanana6,"Fantastic game, worth every penny."
,Recommended,289130,12234753,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Nerso,A wonderful game by the same creators of the amazing Endless Space. Endless Legend is a beautiful and complex 4X that stole me many hours already and I predict will steal many more.
,Recommended,289130,17293320,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Only,"lots of annoying bugs.high barriers of to entry this game.small volume.but, it's definitely distinct from CIV series."
76561197993847926,Recommended,289130,12156626,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Presidia,If you are a fan of Civ 5 - this game is a must!
76561198023359599,Recommended,289130,12180572,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Doodle,For its price it is better than most 50 euro games out there!
,Recommended,289130,24014467,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Andrew K,"This is the best 4X game I have played, bar none."
76561197972388265,Recommended,289130,10381148,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Crowley,"Very cool, kindof like a streamlined Civ 5 in an interesting fantasy setting. But combat is better!"
,Recommended,289130,20164192,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dimitri,"A 4x game similar to Civ, every faction offers a very unique playstyle, definitely worth looking in to for anyone who likes strategy games and wants something unique."
,Recommended,289130,13447606,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Soy Milk,Kawaii :3
76561198134939036,Recommended,289130,19796490,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ShawnEBear,I've played endless legend off and on for the past year.  This is the game that got me back to playing pc strategy games. There is now add ons for the game. Lots of different minor factions and it's quite addicting when you get 5 or 6 people playing with you.Don't know what else to say I've logged an my hours to this game and the only faction I've been trying to beat a session at is the drakken faction. There is a learning curve to it. And you will have to be a jerk and defeat everything in your path if you want to win. It is hard to be the 'nice guy' faction in this game
,Recommended,289130,18176633,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,The Logical Llama,Good pass time. Looks great
76561198031795491,Recommended,289130,12227552,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Palidoozy,"Absolutely fantastic if you're a fan of fantasy, Heroes of Might and Magic, or Civilization. It does a lot even Civilization can't do, and scratches an itch that I've been having ever since playing Fall Further from Civ 3 days."
,Recommended,289130,20762855,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Nare™,"The first thing: Endless zoom! :D yes zoom-in-zoom-out as much as you want, no minimap needed.Stunning visuals and a good gameplay mechanics makes this games a true recommender.You have many factions (7 or so?) with their own units and traits. Battles occur ON the world map and they are simple to understand (paper-rock-scissors principle) . You can battle the local-tribes, enemy players.. and the winter. Yes you read that right, you have to survive the winter which lasts longer and longer after the progresses.This game is a true gem for anybody that likes turn-based-strategy games with element likes techtrees, simple combat and quests."
,Recommended,289130,24007614,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ThePandrake,"Terrific evolution of the Civilization gameplay, defined territories, unstacked cities.  Stacked armies that unstack for combat.  Very unique factions each one generally not using some aspect of the game."
,Recommended,289130,23924878,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,chip5,"I'm a big fan of Civ, particularly SMAC, Revolutions, and 3. This game is a dramatic departure from Civ, don't let the screenshots fool you into thinking it's a clone. EL tries doing most everything differently than Civ and generally does it better. The tech tree allows for much more diverse tech paths, city expansion and management is more interesting (I think Civ 6 is going to be copying EL with cities), and combat is way more interesting.I've just been playing on small, 4 player maps vs the AI and I'm not having any of the tedium problems some people complain of."
76561198091547612,Recommended,289130,20106952,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Franz von Væterland,Graphics don't lie. Follow her voice.
,Recommended,289130,20126676,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,- Dr. Oetker,"It looks pretty neat. A bit weird the tactical battles, but you can auto them."
76561198034029365,Recommended,289130,20134956,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,indestructable,Amazing game. Beautiful visuals. Excellent game play. Easy to pick up. And much more in depth than similar games with a vast amount of more customization possible
,Recommended,289130,20278368,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,~PunchKing~,Many fun.
76561197994004511,Recommended,289130,20275809,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Frankstaa,"This game is amazingPros: The game has a lot original mechanics compared to say Civ 5 and is loads of funCons: Not really a con, but like all 4X games, its 5AM before you know it..."
,Recommended,289130,20137026,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dickly,Civilizations without the morbid obesity. You should probably play this game if you give a ♥♥♥♥ about 4x.
,Recommended,289130,19994765,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,realpikkio,"definitely the best game I played in 2015 (even though it's from 2014..).an incredible mix of Risk and Civilization, with a lot of rpg elements and a cool Fantasy/Sci-Fi setting with loads of races and peculiar traits. A very refreshing gameplay for this classic genre.it's a very strategic game and can be played in an incredible amount of different approaches, so you'll find your way wathever is your style  (there is multiplayer and co-op too).Very well done tech tree and resources/goods/weapons structure  (and you can also set up your own personalized army blueprints!).Smart city expansion model, with a cool and original fighting system, and a very friendly and beautiful interface throughout the entire game (I love how the map fades to a simplier schematic map while you zoom out!).if you like this kind of games, don't miss this title!I'd suggest to get the Collection, so you'll have all the expansions too. because you're going to want them, trust me. ;)"
,Recommended,289130,19323288,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Woofenator,"Endless Legend is what a 4X strategy fantasy game should be. Quests, diverse factions and interesting mechanics, as well as a very real and very addicting ""One More Turn syndrome"". To compare it to another fairy popular game in the genre: It's a better CIV5"
76561198017702639,Recommended,289130,19302646,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Wildcat620,A must have for any 4x strategy game fan. Similar to the civ series but with the added bonus of tactical combat. the ability to move your workers to various city needs to another added benefit. Toss in a story with a beautiful layout and you have many playable options. This is fun game!Highly recommended
76561198101310733,Recommended,289130,19355162,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Gluch,"This is a really great turn based strategy game that I would recommend to buy. Note that this is reviewed with none of the DLC purchased.Pros:Pretty cheap relative to other major titles in the genreThe best graphics in a game I have ever seen. (I would buy a good graphics card just to play this game with it.)Good MusicMany layers of combat to think about, (A total of four, varying units, equiping a variety of armour, armies you make from units and sub combat used with armies.)Tactical combat if you choose toTech tree (thingy) makes you choose meaningfullyGood city placement and layoutAggresive AI (they will still attack even if armies are about the same.)Extremely good diplomacy.Alright:Alright AI, better than games like Civ V, but could be better.Alright diversity, while there are multiple completely different 'factions', run throughs of the game are limited to about 1 to 2 plays each.Alright external to combat strategy. Economy system is good, but not anything to rave about, tile yields feel unbalanced and over powered at the same time.Cons:Bad AI competiveness, AI don't know how to choose the best technologies in the game, by about turn 100 its easy to eclipse them in every aspect of the game. They also suck at outfitting armies.Unit Balance, A small elite army always beats even the largest of ill equiped armies, no matter the size. This is extremely bad in retrospect to the AI equiping units.Victories, super unbalanced to certain victory types, Economic and Scientific are almost impossible to get in the time limit, meanwhile diplomatic is too easy to 'accidentally' get.Unbalanced factions, the Drakken (dragon people) and the Wild walkers (elves) are really unbalnced in the early game, and get extremely good steamrolling for the end game. Espicially the Drakken, a human drakken player is untouchable.Overall:I really enjoyed this game, espcially for the time I have played it for. Everytime I try to play it again, it starts to feel repititive. This game has a great aesthetic feel and a good UI and well designed features, just the AI can't seem to use them well. I would still reccommend it for the price, and if you can get a couple of guys to play with, then this game would be amazing."
,Recommended,289130,18504818,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Achilles of Jazz,"Meticulous, a fine piece. If you're familiar with strategies and the elements of rpg, this game offers you many aspect and elements combined. Most likely, you will be intrigue of all the choices and how it corresponds to your play style. What I found very interesting about this game is the factions and different play styles, as well as the story and legends of each faction. As a person who is familiar with a strategic approach more than the hack and slash fascist ways, I admire that there are those kinds of faction which relys heavily on deplomatical methods to pacify other minor factions. These really corresponds to your play style and personality, which indeed, is the key element of this game. It is to achieve the best out of your capabilities, potentials and to learn from the methods of your enemy. There are the aspects in which you will need to run the civ, if you care for the growth of your population, you might consider researching and manufacturing food bonuses or buildings which may attribute. If you are an industrial person, you might want to built the steel mill from the very start, if you are a scientific person like me, you might want to contribute to science as it also corresponds to the research. This is the least I can say, though, Civilization V might be a bit more vast into the eras and research, I can't say that this game does not have some of the good elements the Civ series have. Give it a try, find a walkthrough if you'd like, but this is an absolutely wonderous piece."
76561198095701468,Recommended,289130,19201964,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,doBbsies,"This game is absolutely fabulous, it's amazingly unique game in a genre of games which more often than not end up being much of the same thing. The different factions, terrian, tech options, world options, and strategy styles makes it so your able to play this game over and over again with out it becoming repetative (especially with the option to create a hybrid faction to use). The cycle between winter and summer seasons is a refreshing change from the typical endless summers in other games. Other things I enjoy about the game is the use of height in terrain, city expansion, technology research makes noticable changes, and wonderful music. The only thing is dislike about the game is the combat and micromanaging cities later in the game. Both of these are easily fixed as you can switch the combat to be automatic (both with and without spectating) and cities can all be managed from a single window which is extremely useful late game."
76561198006182219,Recommended,289130,18865440,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ivawhitebear,"I came to Endless Legend after playing Civ 5. I was looking for a game that was like Civ but without the glitches and bad programming. After playing my first game I was frustrated, nothing seemed to work in this game like it did in CIv. Once I decided to learn the game for what it is, it was a new and delightful experience. I don't play Civ 5 anymore because I don't have to tolerate the laggy games or wait for friends to rejoin because the game kicked them out. This is an addictive game that will have you playing for hours to learn the lore of the world and see what each race's storylines will lead you too. Endless Legend is an awesome game that blows Civ 5 out of the water, don't miss that fun!"
,Recommended,289130,19411509,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Chungo Beepis,"When i first played this game I couldn't understand the systems because it breaks conventions I had grown accustomed to with other ""4x"" games, and it turned out those conventions were worthy of being broken because the gameplay / player feedback and general design culminates into a magical experience.Also, incredibly beautiful visually and aurally. Just amazing production quality that i've not experienced in this space before.  I find myself zooming in to see my sprawling city districts or to view a location, simply because the graphics are that appealing.Amazing follow up to Endless Space.  Also impressive quality of writing and lore building, persistent across their titles.I hope this company continues to deliver this level of quality for a long time, huge fan."
,Recommended,289130,19833359,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,spincrus,"1) Familiarity with the Endless Universe and Amplitude gamesI'm not a stranger to Amplitude games; I know them from Endless Space and am eagerly awaiting the 2nd one. Hence, when I stepped into the world of Endless Legend, I was quite familiar with some of the concepts that were already in the game, such as unit customization, retrofitting, the food/production/science/dust balance (except for influence).I was also happy to see some familiar faces from the Endless lore being included in the game (The Silics race and their unique unit the Harmonite is directly referencing Harmony, from Endless Space's Disharmony expansion). The music also feels quite a lot like Endless Space to begin with.The hero system and the skill trees also felt very familiar, especially the ""perks"" (I forgot what they were actually called in-game now) felt really familiar.2) Comparison to other gamesIf you have played Age of Wonders III and the Civilization series, this game is a mix of both. The city development, site choosing and resource balance is very much like Civ, whereas combat feels quite a bit like Age of Wonders III, but maybe a bit more of an ""Endless"" or ""Amplitude"" style.It does not have anything in common with the HoMM series, but that's not a bad thing. The game does not have a single player campaign, and I believe that in 4x games, campaign doesn't work to begin with.3) Depth and gameplayOh the game depth! There's so much variety within the game and so many different ways to win, it's mind blowing. It doesn't feel lacking.From unit diversity to faction diversity, customization options to how the battle is played out, the game has a lot to offer and does not feel stale.Also, the map is designed as a hexagonal grid, and the battles play out as such too. If you're not really a fan of hex-grids, then you may have a problem with this game. Graphically, hex-grids give game developers a more realistic way to design their terrain, but limit the movement of units and armies (a square-grid allows 8 ways to move, through sides and corners, whereas the hex-grid only allows 6 sided movement).4) DifficultyThe game still requires you to do the tutorial and has a very steep learning curve, especially at the very beginning. This steep climb is short, though, and once you get a grip on things, the game becomes self explanatory.The game throws too much in one's face at the very beginning, and starts to become a spreadsheet, towards the end (as a friend puts it), but honestly, the only hard part at the very beginning is to make enough dust to maintain your armies, followed by the ever worstening winters.Oh, yes, I forgot to mention, the game has a ""winter"" mode that hits once every turn. When the season hits, food & dust production drops like crazy, and if you're not prepared or aren't fond of micromanagement, this may hurt your process quite a bit.After 2 proper games (which were going nowhere, and because I like to postpone the harder ""bad starting location"" challenges to a later playthrough, I restarted them), I achieved a score victory on my 3rd proper game, and was very close to an expansion (control as many regions as possible) and supremacy (control x amount of capital cities on the planet) and if I had 30 more turns, probably even an elimination (destroy all) victory. This was on normal difficulty, so you decide.5) Graphics and soundAwsesome. No question about it. The art-style is amazing. Music is AMAZING. Sound effects are also quite good. That's all I have to say.6) What's lackingThe end-game is a bit stale. After my last run, I actually got bored and was so OP that I randomly attacked factions that were ""blood brothers"" with me, knowing that I simply cannot lose (I had researched the highest-level military tech in the game that gives 100% life at that point, so yeah) just to make things a bit more fun, as I clicked my turns away until I reached 300 for the victory.The sea-game is non-existent. I don't mean ""it's lacking"", I mean it's simply non-existent. I truly wish they add something with regards to the sea-game in future expansion packs and DLCs. Seriously, the only thing you can do is to get on a boat and sail across the sea. No naval battles whatsoever. Seriously, a medium amount of depth is enough."
,Recommended,289130,20104356,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,North Korean Godking Kim Jong-un,"Great game, great company. These guys are worth supporting"
,Recommended,289130,19162863,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,[CPC] Zepolak §§,"I usually don't write reviews. And there is little I could teach you about the game. But here's the thing : I buy a game for a reasonable price and then what, I get free expansions later one without asking for anything ? What the heck Amplitude ? Your are doing it wrong, look at Ubisoft or EA !? That's not the way you are supposed to run a business !... Bottom line : there's a small number of studios I would buy games at full price from. Amplitude belongs to that tiny list. The game's great, but the ""care of the customer"" of Amplitude is exemplary. I only know CD Projekt to have the same level of dedication."
76561198106276101,Recommended,289130,13226779,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Uiagneach,Hooked!
76561198030251419,Recommended,289130,13536268,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ender00,An excellent 4X style game when you need a break from Civ. Art and musical score are breathtaking
,Recommended,289130,13537505,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,║▌│█║▌║│ 16X,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.  That's all.
76561198029743753,Recommended,289130,12157358,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,StarFishon,"great game, pure x4 strategy game, got somenew mechanic like combat and winter and use smartly with the minor races, graphics are gorgeous, sound special and very comfortable UI."
76561198050490930,Recommended,289130,9941680,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Graz'zt,"This game has a lot of potential. I love how the game looks and it’s fantasy feel.  Without any instructions, I was able to understand the game and play it well. It’s fantastic in these early stages and I can’t wait to see what it has in store. I’m glad that I bought this because even in these early stages it is just as good if not better than Civilization 5."
,Recommended,289130,20255015,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,WingedBird,Pros: This game is really fun because it's like Civ V but not really.Cons: You not buying this game. Whats up with that?
,Recommended,289130,20263670,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hoopy Frood,Civ 5 meets Age of Wonders 3. Prepare to get sucked in for hours long sessions.
,Recommended,289130,16329702,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Omar,This game put Civ5 to shame.
76561197972381359,Recommended,289130,23975466,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Xizore,Some great additions to the turn based strategy genre. A great buy for anyone who loves Civ.
,Recommended,289130,13912183,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ALT4R,"Wow.J'étais déçu que Warlock I ne marche pas sur Mac, et j'ai pris EL pour combler mon manque de 4X fantasy. Et quelle claque, ce jeu est une bombe. Addictif, univers magnifique, des possibilités infinies, de nombreuses classes.Si vous aimez le genre, Endless Legend en est une des nouvelles références."
76561197994926259,Recommended,289130,16788410,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Gatchaman97,"If Civilization V had a sibling that enjoyed Cosplay and LARPing, that sibling would be Endless Legends."
76561198162825299,Recommended,289130,20402163,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,(~mls~)Zoey,BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED i mean it took me a while to get use to it but i got use to it in a day
,Recommended,289130,29458333,Posted: 24 January,all,Happy-cs.money,"Civilization Strategy and Heroes of Might and Magic Combat (kinda of),quit fond of this world's set and culture. Great art work,a little bit complicated gear work. Anyway,it's an 8/10 game which far more worth my 5.5$.Still, we need Chinese (Simplified or Traditional doesn't matter)"
,Recommended,289130,27904113,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Glitch Chan,I CAN'T STOP PLAYING!!!!
76561198115904571,Recommended,289130,19343371,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Empress,"Its fun, the combats not great, the citybuilding is fun, the quests are ok and overall its not half bad"
,Recommended,289130,19924296,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,kenza,"Have been playing this for quite awhile now, amazing game, their G2G platform involves us players, and we get updates on the progress of the game via their dev blogs.Endless Legend has been growing, with each new expansion adding so much more content and depth to gameplay.Get the Endless Legend collection while its avalible, definately value for money.This is such a beautiful game, and it will only get better in time to come."
76561198041797005,Recommended,289130,17879150,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Draken,"I would recommend that you buy this game, but one does not talk with one's food."
76561198044924621,Recommended,289130,19398853,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,< blank >,HOMM3 PLAYERS JUST BUY IT. U WİLL LOVE IT <3
76561198038710292,Recommended,289130,18278639,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,BOBRACHA!!!,like civ but better
,Recommended,289130,16574063,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Yanahma,"A fairly solid 4x game, with out-of-sequence turn based combat resolving rather than the ""bash units together"" that Civ 5 has. It has absolutely beautiful graphics, and some of the most unique races to play as. Whereas in Civ 5 you would get a unique building, unit and perk, this game has races that will alter your entire playstyle depending on who you choose.Be warned however, one of the main mechanics of this game is ""Winter"" - which slows all production and movement to an almost halt. The ""story"" of this game pretty much revolves around Winter getting longer and more frequent until it is permenant. This causes two things:1) Unfun gameplay for those who didn't want to invest in all the anti-winter upgrades and perks.2) A completely railroaded research and production path for those that do invest in all the anti-winter upgrades and perks.There is no way to disable Winter without mods as yet, and whilst interesting and unique the first couple of games, it very quickly drags.So on the whole, this is a very well made game and you're sure to lose a lot of hours to it - but some of the mechanics are ill-thought out and you may get much more rapidly tired of this game compared to the likes of other 4x games."
76561197964182076,Recommended,289130,17845929,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[KG]OldFart,"With the guardians expansion pack the game seems to be extremely challenging. However the legendary buildings gives a big advance for the civilization that are capable of building those. I liked a lot of playing the Endless Space, but this fantasy version of the similar strategy game is better.I wonder, which one is the best strategy game - Civilization V with Brave new world expansion pack, Beyond the Earth with Rising tide expansion pack or the Endless Legend with the Guardians expansion pack? None of them is not an copy of each others... However, it smells like pure marketing idea, since most of the strategy games sucks without the expansion packs..."
76561198042729537,Recommended,289130,17933640,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,BarbarianBadger,"What can I say about this game, other than it is better than Civ 5 in almost every way and lets not talk about Civ beyond earth. Primarily this improvement comes from a much improved multiplayer system and a dynamic combat system which allows for interesting battles within a turn based multiplayer context. Each faction is very unique in how it plays and manages resources. Where the game is lacking is in the number of factions (there are 8 and 1 more in the DLC), also there is only three combat units to each faction not including hired minor faction troops. However the game allows you to create custom factions with their perk system, which can lead to some pretty broken factions if you try hard enough. In game units can be customized and new ones created. All of this adds to the game's replicability. A large amount of content is in the DLC, but the content that is offered in this DLC is well worth what you pay, but the game is excellent without it, if the money is too dear, although I would suggest getting the Emperor edition, as it is such good value. For me this game surpasses Civ in almost every element, and is the best 4X game I have played, well worth a try!!"
,Recommended,289130,19217342,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dog_Jello,"If you are a 4x fan then buckle your damn seatbelts because you are about to lose sleep! This is one of my favorite type of games, the ""Just 1 more click"" game. You want to keep clicking that End Turn button 1 more time to see what happens next. I highly recommend this game for its balanced and distinct game play (no 2 empires play the same way) and even the maps themselves can throw you some curve balls!"
76561197987055299,Recommended,289130,20628830,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Lain's Navi,"I have never been so pleasantly surprised as the day I opened up this gem from my library. In my opinion as a veteran strategy gamer, this was the best damned strategy game of 2014. Oh, Beyond Earth is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic magic of this game. Unlike Civilization, each civilization is truly unique. They are not only separated by differing bonuses and aesthetics; they require radically different playstyles and strategies. The amount of narrative and RPG elements in this game are absolutley breathtaking. I wasn't a huge fan of the combat system, so I autoresolved everything. But the fact that you can ignore the worst part of the game makes it that much more awesome. The level of detail, storytelling, and design that went into this game just blew away the obvious laziness of Firaxis and 2K's Beyond Earth. You WILL enjoy this game. 10/10"
76561198019597873,Recommended,289130,12323276,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,crassadon,"The best of the Iceberg games.Playing this game is immediately familiar to any player of 4x games. At the same time, this game does excels at feeling fresh, with an enviroment fitting its medieval fantasy setting. I would love to see future 4x games, from anyone, copying some of what this game has.These are the bad things:The game could use more quests. After playing a few times, you start to know at a glance what quest you've just been offered. About half the quests are genuinely worth doing, so there's still reason to get excited, but it is never as exciting as the first few games.The enemy AI [and the friendly AI] could be better. More than once, I've seen the chief enemy power grow strong by picking off one nation after another, and the other nations simply doing nothing about it. When I move in, I find the largest power has hardly any military, and take provice after provice from them. Yet the AI would just let them keep growing. The AI isn't dumb, but I would like it consider the world a bit more throughly. As well, the automated units often will move in a way that prevents your other units from moving in to attack. Each unit takes the best path for that individule unit, without thinking about the other units that will be active. It would be nice if the AI did consider such things.The game could also be a little more clear on what the unit stats mean. Attak: ""oh, damage, no that's 'damage,' so, accuracy? But units only rarly miss, so, is that is what it is?"" It's just a bit hard to know what to actually expect from a unit.Er, those are pretty much my only real complaints. Maybe the graphics could be better, too?The game is just fun to play.It plays much faster than Civilization, or most other 4x games. Which is just a nice change, to have a 4x game you can sit down to play, and actually play a whole game of it. At the same time, the game does not feel like it's playing really fast. You can really enjoy exploring and building up your lands.The tech system is well designed, and each game can evolve differently from what you choose.The use of a season system adds challenge to each part of the game. I would love to see more games with a season system, and with even more seasons; I think that would just be great. The depth put into it in this game really makes you feel the fear people in the medieval era must have felt from winter, as you never really know what you should expect from it. I hate when winter arrives, but I love that it's in this game.The factions are all quite different from one another. While I have a favourite, I really want to play as all of them. I would still like to see more of them, but there's a good amount for this sort of game.It's a really fun game. The choices you make on each turn are important, and deciding what choices I should make keeps me coming back for game after game. It's a game I'll enjoy playing for a long time, and I'll always be hoping for another game like this one."
,Recommended,289130,19861133,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,kf,Probably the most beautiful turn based game out there. I dig it 10/10
76561198136516138,Recommended,289130,13347164,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Sohwagi,"This game, although I have not played enough to know a lot about it, is actually pretty good. It's kind of like Civ 5 mixed with Heroscape."
,Recommended,289130,13322707,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ivana Mishkov,"A crimincally underappreciated 4X title that takes place in the Endless Series done by Amplitude Studios, this competes with Civilization V. The fantasy setting might put off some, but this is a prime example of how to a 4X Title. Not to mention, the first Add-On has dropped, adding an entirely new Minor Faction(chosen by the Community nonetheless!) which leaves more and more!Strongly recommend picking up this game.Also, Drakken are awesome."
,Recommended,289130,13373234,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Kowai.Neko「コワイ。猫」,"Overall a very fun game. There are small tweaks that I wish it would had changed.PRO- customizable races (just like in endless space)- customizable units (just like in endless space also)- very beautiful visual and effects- very interesting city planning mechanic- nice random little quest to break off from the normal mundane tasksCON- hero types are locked by faction- no key rebinding! What is this?!- could use camera rotation as well, hard to tell terran height during battles- could use an adjustable battle speed, it feels very slow- addictive to people ""one-more-turn"" syndromes (to ppl who plays civ and me - what? it's 3am in the morning already? aw♥♥♥♥♥♥got work tomorrow...)"
,Recommended,289130,13340963,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,indigo,Good detox for Civ5 addicts. Beware long winters.
,Recommended,289130,13357542,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Sojurn,"Needs more advertising, game seems to be flying so far under the radar for how good it is. An amazing TBS  that deserves so much more good press than it seems to have.Fresh aesthetic and play style. If you love 4x or TBS's, give it a go. I promise you won't be dissapointed."
76561198122201176,Recommended,289130,13358539,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,();,Just wonderful. 9.5/10
76561198030884284,Recommended,289130,13589821,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,babo111,I've lost all my hopes for Civ franchise under Firaxis.  Good thing I found Endless franchise!
76561197993672933,Recommended,289130,13542341,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Nogaxeh,Bloooody.. not too bad aye... Maybe even worth full price.
76561197983843111,Recommended,289130,24020662,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Grape Fruit,similar to civ5 but a fantasy setting
,Recommended,289130,12323287,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Mr.Mongoose,"A wonderful mix of turn-based strategy, city management and RPG flair with stunning visuals and presentation.I strongly recommend it to those looking for a rewarding time-sink.The addtition of a tutorial is warmly welcomed."
76561198076421280,Recommended,289130,19708917,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,darrblarr,"For those of you who wants to enjoy a fantasy genre, ""Civ"" type game.Reasons to buy this game :1. Great art2. Good story telling in each faction quests3. Great music, it fits the scene4. Every game you play will be different, very great replayability5. You enjoy sitting and thinking for hours"
,Recommended,289130,22854582,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ItchieMitchie,"When my guinea pig Pam died, I didn't know how I could go on.  Life was meaningless and empty.  Endless Legend helped me move on from Pam.  He's in a better place."
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,289130,22417264,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Destyre,"This game was good - great infact. It combined 4x gameplay as seen in games such as Civilization but much more focused and varied in all the right areas. But...True to form, this developer (They make any game with ""Endless"" in it) Endlessly (pun intended) faffed around with the mechanics. First they added Guardians; huge creatures with great powers... which wasn't too bad since everyone could use them but was a bit of a facepalm moment in the sense of how easily they lay waste to enemies.They then added a new faction called ""The Forgotten"" and with them espionage gameplay. ""Cool! I love spy crafting in games!"" I hear you cry. ""No, you don't understand."" I reason. ""This game is made by Amplitude Studios and they are notorious for making great games which are then broken with new mechanics."" And that's exactly what happened. I had a Forgotten spy in my capital city who killed 2 units of population every few turns until there was no one left and I could do nothing about it. 2 units of population - that's more that the Spanish flu, Bubonic Plague, AIDS and 3rd wave Feminism combined. Why is there even a spy skill that allows you to destroy huge swathes of population at a time in a game? Idiotic!Then came the latest expansion. Though the new Yin Yang faction was fairly interesting, with them came new winter effects: now when winter comes, you can pick up a new resource and build shiny new things. Sounds great right? More content! Steady on there, ducky... have you not listened to anything I've said in this review? These shiny new things that you can unlock are ONLY there to negate the NEW crippling effects of winter that came with it. As if winter wasn't hard enough. It's like throwing a turd into someone's living room and bragging that it's okay that it stinks because you have also thrown some tissue paper in there for them to pick it up with.I don't recommend this game anymore, sorry. The game has been Amplitude Studio'd up, just like they Amplitude Studio up everything that they make, sooner or later. It happened to Endless Space with the addition of fighters and troops, now it's happened to Endless Legends with Espionage and even nastier winter effects (despite complaints about ""endless winter"" in the first place). *Slow clap*To Amplitude Studios: Stop breaking your games please!"
,Recommended,289130,20098665,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,th1ccB0y47 #thiccb0ysrule,"lots of fun, a lot deeper than civ but not as much economic management. would be way better in multiplayer"
76561198038985669,Recommended,289130,20110213,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Indiekiller,Complicated yet addictive :P
,Recommended,289130,14634804,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Deo Favente,"A very good take on 4X style gaming, Superb factions and the world map is a feast for the eyes. really found the combat to be a joy as well, Nice unique experiance.A very tough learning curve, I would recommend watching some youtube tutorials to get the hang of it (Petgamer does a good one)Give it a go :)"
,Recommended,289130,19281195,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,JonnyFM,Best 4X game I have played in a long time. A breath of fresh air into the genre.
76561198128986568,Recommended,289130,20016294,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,RUDE100,nice game guys
,Recommended,289130,19958564,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bailee,Awesome game! It's like Civ 5 for grown-ups.
,Recommended,289130,19984611,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Friend,better than civ
,Recommended,289130,12027895,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Brendini,"Not only fun, but one of the best looking games i have played in ages"
,Recommended,289130,30838938,Posted: 30 March,all,suttybutt,Good game
,Recommended,289130,20052443,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TellUrGrlThx,11/10 best 4x I have ever played
,Recommended,289130,21205517,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Plumber Rick,epic
,Recommended,289130,16410086,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,thesoundofthings,Two words: minor factions.
76561197979845193,Recommended,289130,17955751,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Romu,Great 4x game with some refreshing concepts.Culture and combat are certainly an improvement over CIV5 imo.Some quests adding stuff to do and incorporating small races into your empire to diversify are nice ideas too.Must buy when on sale !
76561198203081289,Recommended,289130,29657576,Posted: 2 February,all,misterbrendan,Great Job!!
76561198064142436,Recommended,289130,13772173,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,heroicservant,"Civ meets roleplaying I have only logged a few hours on this game so far but it is very fun, I would highly recommend this game."
76561198026394897,Recommended,289130,14523096,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hulaboy616,pretty good beter than civ 5
76561197994654438,Recommended,289130,17183275,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,wirenuke,"I bought this game on mac, after playing an hour or two i had to refund it because it worked very slow and laggy. My mac is; i mac i5 2.5ghz 12gb of ram and radeon 6750."
,Recommended,289130,22809596,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,kamentrader,"Planning to expand with Cultist. End up knocking every minor faction's door. ""Good day, would like to hear about our lord The Endless?"" -From the testimony of Endless Witness-"
,Recommended,289130,33577433,Posted: 15 July,all,Breadcrumbs,Difficult to understand - Fun to play.
,Recommended,289130,22029119,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Adamantive,"So this is a fantasy 4X game developed by Amplitude.Before anything I just wanna give them a huge hug for making this game.WHY?-Unique Artystyle-Indepth Hero Progress Options-Customizable Unit Designs-MicroManagement (Cities)-Heavy Tooltips everywhere! (So you know what you're doing and what you're about to do)-Diplomacy!-Economy!-SubFaction Assimiliations-GUARDIANS!-TechTree Strategies-Stockpiling Options-Resource Diversity-Variation in terms of terrain-Almost every aspect of each session can be tailored to what you want it to be-Great Lore on the races-Espionage!-World Events-Seasons/DayNight Cycles-Availability of ships in the game!+a hundred more things! Its just that good.Its a solid game! However if you start out, it could be a bit overwhelming.You might not now even how to progress in each session, and you might even quit the session or get bored of it.This is normal, but if you rack up the time in the gameply you'll pretty much get the hang of it, and once you do,YOU'RE HOOKED. ADDICTED. AND INSANELY ANXIOUS OF WHAT ELSE TO TRY OUT. Buy this game!GREAT PRODUCT!Overall: 10/10"
76561198042913113,Recommended,289130,23424593,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,caidicus,"Man, I wish I could get into this game. It's beautiful, deep, compelling, it's an amazing looking title.Unfortunately, it came long after I started experiencing difficulty getting into deep games.A shame as it looks like the kind of title I would have killed to play, in my younger days.For that reason, I'm definitely recommending the game to others, as most people probably aren't as broken as me, and will probably be able to find an amazing game here."
,Recommended,289130,12729669,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Satyrnism,"Overall (9/10): A great Civ-style game with an interesting take on combat and a diverse set of races that all have unique playstyles.Combat (7/10): The turn-based aspect of battles is okay and you can sometimes pull off a clutch defense or an upset victory.  Battles progress in two phases, the command phase and the resolution phase. Both parties issue commands to their units which are then carried out during the resolution page in order of highest to lowest initiative. I would have preferred a more AoW3/Classic style turn-based combat but can't blame the devs for trying something new. Most likely you will end up auto-ing most combats, I know I do.City Management (9/10): The population system is a dynamic and powerful tool for your faction when managed properly. Also bonus points for having a faction which can sacrifice its population for happiness.Diplomacy (?/10): Haven't delved too far into the diplomacy yet but seems standard-ish.Research, Resources, and Military (9/10): Bunching all these things together because I am lazy. Research trees are large with some unique research options depending on your faction. The resources both strategic and luxury have strong impacts on gameplay and are well implemented. Military management is a very strong aspect to this game where you are allowed to customize your troops with different armor, trinkets, and weapons which affect their rolls in combat and over all abilities."
,Recommended,289130,12767671,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,fylraen,"I'm writing this review because I'm new to 4x games.  I've never played Civ, the prior Endless games; I have the latest XCOM but haven't played it beyond the demo.  So you get the impressions of someone who's not experienced in the genre and is just relating their own viewpoint untainted by expectations.  I'm also not intending to play competitively or with strangers.Endless Legend is a beautiful game that is fairly deep but relatively easy to learn.  While it will take time and experience to become good at this game, the tutorial is sufficient to get you started.  With the tutorial under your belt, you'll be able to conduct a single-player game against AI and learn the mechanics and intricacies.Gameplay: 4/5As a turn-based 4x game, Endless Legend asks you to explore the world of Auriga while building your empire.  You must manage relationships with neighboring empires and ""minor factions"", a wide selection of fantasy races that inhabit the game world.  There are two types of resources - those that are generated by your population and those that are gathered from the map.  By building cities you will automatically generate food, science, productivity, dust, and influence; the quantities of each are determined by the placement of your city and the way you assign your population to work.  These are used to increase your population, build buildings, research technologies, buy stuff (dust is currency), and perform diplomatic actions.The gathered resources are split into strategic and luxury categories.  Strategic resources are mainly used to upgrade your armies and luxury resources are used to provide stat boosts to your city.  These resources are collected by building mines or farms that generate a fixed quantity.When it's your turn, you're going to do three primary things:1) Move your armies around the map, exploring, fighting, and founding new cities.2) Adjust your cities' resource generation (through worker allocation) and building queues.3) Queue research, conduct diplomacy, upgrade your Heroes (special military units), and review your empire's policies via the menu screens.The skill and strategy in Endless Legend come from how well you do these things in response to the pressures that Auriga (and the other players) put upon you.I'd imagine if you put a time limit on turns, that would generate a little bit of pressure to make some snap decisions.  But turn-based games are naturally quite lengthy.  A 300 turn game with 4 players, at 5 minutes per turn, would take 100 hours to complete if it played to the turn limit.  Of course, you can win the game in many other ways - by military conquest, geographical expansion, scientific advancement, diplomacy, or building ""Wonders"".Players choose to play as one of 8 civilizations; each civilization has its own strenghts and weaknesses.  Understanding the civilizations will give some clues as to an opposing player's strategy, and help a player build their own.Combat: 2/5It's possible to go through an entire game of Endless Legend without fighting any of the other players or invading factions, but it's really unlikely.  I've called out combat outside of the gameplay section because it really does feel like the weak part of this game.  Before I purchased this game I read many complaints about the combat system, and I would have to say that I agree.  However, the rest of the game is so strong that I don't consider this a deal-breaker.When a battle is initiated, the map zooms in to focus on the terrain region that will make up the battleground.  Multiple armies can participate in battles provided that they are within this region at the time that combat starts.You're presented with an opportunity to move your units into more strategic locations than where the game logic drops them.  Then, you give them a target unit on the opposing force, and click to fight.  The game than simulates combat for you, making battles fairly boring.  They don't last very long and are animated beautifully, which is a blessing, but it's still sort of hands off.  The math behind the fights is presented on each unit - you can click any unit in the battle to see their numbers in terms of defense, offense, initiative, abilities, and so on.  So it's fairly clear who will win each fight based on the army's composition - you are not going to be able to pull off some brilliant tactical moves and sneak out a victory against an opposing force.  You just kinda kick back and watch your guys attack the units you told them to attack.Visuals: 4.5/5The Endless Legend world map is brilliant to look at.  The map is absolutely crammed with features - even the grassland tiles, as the game's most boring or featureless, are still pretty.  I've spent a fair amount of time just scrolling around the map, zooming in and zooming out and checking out the incredible artwork.  When winter arrives, the map takes on a perfect seasonal hue, making everything feel cold and rugged.  When summer comes back, the contrast is noticable, making the world seem lush and vibrant again.I've docked Endless Legend half a point because it's almost too detailed.  You zoom in and out of the map using the mouse wheel; although zooming in close is tons of fun because it's beautiful, it's also impractical and difficult to get anything done at that level.  Zooming out eschews fidelity for a territory-based version of the world map, which is great for understanding the bird's-eye political view.  However, you can't really move your armies well at this level because the objectives and terrain considerations are only rendered when you're zoomed in.  Consequently, you will spend most of your play time at a middle level, which still looks great, but is busy as heck.  You can opt to turn off the hex borders and resource markers, but the incredible level of attention to the visuals has backfired in that it makes the world map a little difficult to decipher.You could probably tone it down in the settings but it would be a shame.  No serious complaints here, it's a beautiful game.UI: 4.5/5I'm very impressed with Endless Legend's interface.  As a completely new player, I found it intuitive and simple to navigate between the world map and the various menus.  Although there are dozens of screens to learn, I was able to understand and manipulate most of them within only a few hours of gameplay.  I could count on one hand the number of times I've wished I could redo something.  My only complaint is that you can't seem to undo a move order once given to an army; since this is a turn based game you should be able to wind it back before committing.  It's possible that you can, and I don't know how, since I'm still a fairly new player.I have not explore hotkeys so can't comment; these would be important for highly skilled / advanced / competitive players.Sound: 5/5I could sit for hours and listen to the bundled music.  The music is phenomenal and the gameplay / interaction sounds are all immersive and perfectly done.  It's peaceful and gets you into a zenned-out state of mind; the down side is that it's easy to lose track of time.  This is a matter of aesthetic opinion, but this is one of the strongest point of the game.Nuance: 5/5There are so many nooks and crannies to.  Endless Legend is conceptually fairly easy to get your head around, but digging deep lets you do lots of stuff to tweak your empire's performance.  You can upgrade equipment for your military, develop a marketplace to purchase resources and military units, finesse your diplomatic relations, pacify and assimilate minor factions (and consequently build assimilated units), and much more.ConclusionThis is a beautiful, relaxing, challenging but intuitive game that will keep 4x fans busy for hours.  Well worth the full price of entry.  I'm looking forward to playing and learning more."
,Recommended,289130,12453215,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,GoldEnigma8,"What can I say, I have a soft spot for strategy and this game took full advantage of that. Its beautiful world, huge levels of expansion through tech, diplomacy and conquest, and its great factions completely pulled me in.+Great selection of factions, each one with its own feel, units, heroes and playstyle to them. Makes you want to play all of them as they can all be amazing+Nice, easy to use combat system that still manages to be enagaging, a bit like Civ 5s+Well set out tech wheel and diplomacy screens+Quest system to keep you always working towards a goal and wanting to see where the story of your faction takes you+Customisation options for factions and units are a good idea+A fantastically beautiful game, close up and far away the visuals of the game are stunning-Tutorial doesn't go into enough detail, leaving you to try and figure a lot of stuff out for yourself, which can be good but also quite daunting-Customisation isnt in-depth enough-Hero unit variety kinda falls short and you end up with several of the same looking hero-The ♥♥♥♥♥♥ market charges ridiculous prices for everything later on in the gameHowever these negatives don't distract from everything that this game gets right, making it still such a good game. Definitely worth the money and the 8/10"
,Recommended,289130,15215354,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kain_Cougar,"Basically the game is very, very close to Civ-series... but actually a good thing. Why is it good? What good is there to clone someone's idea and add some own ideas in the mix? Well, it doesn't feel a rip-off. It feels fresh. Fantasy themed factions and world really feels different than Civ's earth or space. You have factions that differ from each other not only visually but gameplay-wise as well, you have heroes who also participate in combat, you have creatures with special abilities, you have accessories, weapons and armor to equip them with and quests with rewards, better (yet not nearly perfect) combat compared to Civ, among other well made things. It's not perfect, tho. There are some odd bugs and interface problems (like the fact that enemy creatures HP in siege combats doesnt include the bonus provided by city defence and you can't point to creature abilities to see what they actually do, you need to Google what they are blah), Still a very good grid-civ-whatever game."
,Recommended,289130,15427184,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Rango,"Awesome Game! If you like the games like AOW , KOB or Civilization this is a ""Must Have it "" , No doubt!The price is not bad in discount, but a 66% o 75% Off i buy it with the close eyes !!!"
,Recommended,289130,23735370,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mass Defect,I could see myself sinking some time into a game like this.
76561198002551013,Recommended,289130,15526938,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,KhlamydianKrabs,Fun game but really feels unfinished. I hope they improve content soon.
,Recommended,289130,13431186,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,mr.Badim,"Awesome game. Each race is totaly different, lots of options. Quate laggy at bit levels, but gameplay is really addicting."
,Recommended,289130,20637644,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Skrimp Pie,"A (literally) fantastic variation on the Civ games, Endless Legend provides a fun alternative that fixes a lot of the nitpick-y problems with the 4X genre, including making combat and diplomacy both more interesting and less random."
,Recommended,289130,20598765,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kane,"I got this game for about 21 USD during the Steam Winter Sale 2015.I played as the Cultists of the Eternal End, a faction locked into a one-city challenge. I managed to established an alliance with the other five factions in the game, then systematically bribed them to declare war on each other. The end result was a world war that pitted every faction except mine. I joined the war late, and declared war on the strongest faction at the time. Once that faction was eliminated, I then declared war on the next strongest faction, and so on. The game ended with a diplomatic victory with only two other factions left: the Drakken and the Roving Clans.The viewpoint character of the Cultists, the Disobedient, is strikingly similar to Chen the Holy Knight from DotA 2 (basically a converted infidel who now converts other infidels). Their gameplay is even similar, as Chen fights using neutral creeps, which are similar to the (neutral) minor faction units that make up the bulk of the Cultists' army. Like Chen, the Cultists require a lot of micromanagement, but it is a a lot easier due to the turn-based nature of Endless Legend.Would start a world war for profit again."
76561197968761035,Recommended,289130,20633405,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Naux,Kind of like a mash up of Heroes of Might and Magic and Civilization. Definitely a fun one and would highly recommend.
76561198005940129,Recommended,289130,20667491,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,JaZakh,As good as 4x can get.
,Recommended,289130,20617959,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,GenghisKoala,"Fun game with a nice set of mechanics. It takes a little time to get used to, and it lacks a Cooperative mode or a means of putting AI onto the same team (which is a major drawback). Otherwise, the game is very attractive and has some solid depth."
76561197996780598,Recommended,289130,20618913,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Agamemnus,What can I say that hasn't been said before? This is a really fun game.
76561198014577646,Recommended,289130,12189638,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Gustafssonz,I play this instead of Civ.
76561198134908455,Recommended,289130,20094214,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,My name is not JAMS,"what is this, it is legend"
76561197963743814,Recommended,289130,17347099,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AbsolutSleep,"This is a great game that is quite similar to civ 5.Good music and visuals enhance the game experience.Many ways to win and many factions that differ from each other,9/10"
,Recommended,289130,16542917,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,hellhound1988,One of the best turn-based strategy games I played
76561198073642968,Recommended,289130,16578256,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Bartholomew,"Bought game 12 hours ago, played for 12 hours. Won as ♥♥♥♥ing dragons and crushed my oppenents mercileslly into the dust. (haha dust). Pretty solid purchase."
,Recommended,289130,16419463,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Admortis,"I can't say I've ever seen a prettier and more unique world than that of Endless Legend.Gameplay's pretty swell, too, although you'll notice the AI isn't stellar after you've mastered the basics.If you're keen on the genre or just want to dazzle your eyes, this is easily worth the $20 it will set you back during a sale."
76561198002450835,Recommended,289130,17124769,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Nutlaw,"This game is a lot of fun. It takes most of the fun parts of Civ, but adds enough fresh mechanics to make things feel both intuitive and interesting. If Beyond Earth had gotten more inventive with the standard formula, it could have been this game.Neat factions and stories. Good variety between them. Neat options to focus and customize your faction. City development is great and I loved being able to expand in the direction that I chose. Artwork and music are a plus!Unit customization is a little more fun in theory than in practice, as repetitively equipping new versions is a drag. Choosing between giving up city building control and sanity when you're clearly on your way to winning makes you wish for a mercy victory late in the game, a la Civ, but these are minor issues. If you enjoy Civ, you should play this game."
76561198069783649,Recommended,289130,18238333,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Coq,"The better CiV - civilisations have their own, completely different playstyleTry it. It's like cocain and will keep you up all night."
,Recommended,289130,18628106,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Cyrussitu,"TL;DR: This game is like Civilization, but betterPros+Endless Space combined with Dungeons and Dragons+Unique Factions (Cultists FTW!!)+Cool Art Style (Sort of looks like a board game)+Games 2 Gether+Intresting Story+No DRM (or atleast that i've encountered)+Multiplayer+Customizable Heroes+Intracate Diplomacy Between PlayersCons-Hard to Learn (especially if you haven't played Endless Space)-Pretty Dumb AI-The Research Tree is a bit slow at first"
76561198025872420,Recommended,289130,17836175,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Grizzally,"An incredible game with incredible art and replayability.Not going to Lie I have ran into a few bugs, thankfully UI related and not game breaking, re-loading has always done the trick.Onto the game. Its great, the diversity between the factions is strong enough that playing each indvidiual one completely changes the way you play the game. Creating your own army with their own set up is a nice touch, would be better if they the armour changed and not just the wepons, but in the grand scheme its a 4X strategy game and the look of your units doesn't essentialy matter in the grand scheme. 8/10"
,Recommended,289130,15643728,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,PunkPallas,"Hands-down, the winner of all the 4X strategy games released in 2014.  ""Endless Legend"" fulfilled all the promises and hopes 4X strategy fans put in ""Civilization: Beyond Earth.""  The learning curve on the game is a little steep, but it makes up for it with mind-meltingly beautiful graphics and immersive storylines.  (The graphics used to represent each unit, building, anomaly, quest, etc., are fantastic and remiscient of ""Magic: The Gathering"" cards.)  The story of each leader and faction is fully fleshed-out with great attention to detail and care.  Each faction is interesting and unique.  There aren't as many factions to choose from as in traditional 4X's like Civilization that pull from actual history, but they make up for their lack of breadth in great depth.  The gameplay is very engaging (in particular, the battle mechanics and army customization system are spectacular) from beginning to end with every victory type well-realized- even the traditionally ""boring"" ones like diplomacy, science, and economy.  (I know I keep comparing it to Civilization, but I can't help pointing it took Civ 5 TWO expansions to nail this point about making all the victories interesting.)  This is clearly a game made with great care and enthusiasm by the game studio and I cannot commend them enough on the result.  The effort shows.  If you love 4X, BUY THIS GAME.  You will not be disappointed."
76561198039503162,Recommended,289130,17851051,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Shaun,"The graphics and style are great. The combat mechanics are great. The art is incredible (great). The diplomacy mechanics are great. The customization and upgrading of your units  is great. The progression and RPG design of the heroes are great. The tech tree design is great. The different, unique, factions are all great. The city design and growth is great. The quest system is great. The idea of assimilating minor factions to your cause to augment your forces and abilities is great. The idea and mechanics behind the marketplace is great. Did I say that the graphics and art is the best (great)?The only gripes I have with this game are that the AI players are rather useless, and that multiplayer takes even longer than a game of Civ due to the (great) level of micromanagement that your cities and armies require."
76561197970339916,Recommended,289130,33969056,Posted: 2 August,all,Boag,Yes
76561198040523490,Recommended,289130,21115301,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Flut,"Fantastic design both in visuals and gameplay, the most indepth strategy ""civ"" game I've ever played. It's everything I was hoping Civ V would be, and far more in every possible way."
76561198108107409,Recommended,289130,26012129,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hathway,"Many of the great characterisrtics of Civilization, but better. Combat system is much improved, customization of units much improved. Graphics are sweet. Multi-player works well too. Lots of information about all kinds of things. Well thought out. Tons of options when setting up a game. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,289130,12621270,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ExitJudas,"This is the best 4x game to come out in a very very long time. Endless Legend combines amazing graphics with solid 4x gameplay. But where it really shines is its innovative take on how to integrate narrative and theme into a 4x game. No game has come close to doing this at the level of alpha centauri before now. It is my humble opinion the Endless Legend has maybe surpassed this classic with its great integrated narrative, and will be able to reach the same high levels of theme integrations with an expansion or two. A must buy for any strategy gamer who loves fantasy and storytelling."
,Recommended,289130,23718719,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,Better than Civ5.Not as fun or charming as Master of Magic.Not as engaging as Civ4.Still pretty OK.
76561197992943573,Recommended,289130,21113980,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Harry,"An exceptional strategy game. This is as good as Civ 5, with different features."
,Recommended,289130,12159465,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,sedna16,First impression:Its a combination ofsid meier's civilizationandendless space.I love it.
76561198023672924,Not Recommended,289130,13561881,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LoneStar,"I'm really trying to like this game, but it's broken.  10 turns on easy and I run into an AI that destroys me.  Your only motivation is to run around looking for loot and hoping you don't cross paths with any badguys meanwhile waiting 500 million turns to build one unit or god knows what upgrade for your city, but it simply takes too long with not enough resources... beautiful, enticing graphics... but that's it."
,Recommended,289130,13538543,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Shiza Riku,This game is essentially Civ V Fantasy RPG.
,Recommended,289130,13624391,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Thrasonic,0/10 Missing BlueCap MoldI need my shrooms!Would not go through withdrawals again
,Recommended,289130,35008271,Posted: 16 September,all,TheOppaiLord,"A great alternative to Civilisation, more aimed at having a fantasy experience, and a very good one at that in my opinion."
76561197968470997,Recommended,289130,12343973,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,info,"best 4x game atm, period. it is worlds better than civilization (whatever number). also, this is scifi, not fantasy. which I appreciate.endless legend fixes so many gripes I've had with non-space based 4x games. e.g. combat is an enormous im provement. you can research new weapons/armor and outfit even normal units.heroes have RGP-like complexity; levels, inventory.game world somehow feels a lot more meaningful and interactive than civ titles (don't exactly know why).the way research is handled is a monumental improvement to what civ does. it can't be overstated how much better endless legend does research.playing endless legend feels liuke someone has actually looked at what 4x games needed and added it. instead of just dumbing down the game like civ 5 did.the game still has a few bugs and the AI on normal is no challenge. But it's still more fun than any 4x game I've played. Endless space is very good as well, but space based.compared to the endless hype train and endless support the civ series gets from the press and fanbois, this game should get a 110% approval rating at metacritic, despite the few issues it has. bugs can be fixed, AI can be improved. but the flawed gameplay civ has, is unfixable and the company behind it has not innovated the genre for 25 years. Endless Legend is such a breath of fresh air.since this is actually scifi based (not fantasy), as it is like a prequel to endless space, people who like scifi should turn to endless legend, not the new ""civilization in space"" title that is just the overpriced same old same old."
76561198076770999,Recommended,289130,26639090,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Twinkle Toes,Its great until your friends kill you.
,Not Recommended,289130,13651647,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,鈴谷 由理,"Basically I decided to buy this game when I was see this first time.But After played I think I can't recommend this game to others, or I should say it really let me down.Pro:Beautiful. I like this style of graphic, it should cost a lot, but worth to do it.Setting. Background, factions, units, resources, built up a gorgeous fantasy.BGM. Well arranged music improved the game experience.Con:Only few unit for each faction, the main part of upgrade is the equipments depend on slow develping techs and the icon only have slightly changed after upgrade.Unit and guide even don't have their voice.Deplomacy system are weak. Same as the Minor faction systemThe era is moving forward, but there's not significant expression on cities and unit. I know that's not a very big problem for hardcore stretegy player, but it can prove that some developer are not so sincer to the game.Imbalance. For example, there is a faction even can't build new city..... If their only city located in a area which a lack of resources, that will be very unfair to them.In summary,It's a good SLG game, and maybe worth to play dozens of hours, but as for me, it still can't counted as a game which should recommend to others. It tried hard to build up a fantasy world as Civ or Warlock, but failed. It's hurt to make Endless Legend compared with Civ, but if players want to find a stretegy game for a whole day, they have too many reason to not to choose this one. If developers are willing to redo this game or have a Endless Legend 2, I'm willing to buy that, as long as they put more work on it."
,Not Recommended,289130,30092648,Posted: 21 February,all,GroovyDecoy,"My recommendation hinges entirely on whether someone wants to play this multiplayer.Single PlayerThis is generally a thumbs up. It's mostly solid. It has gorgeous graphics (and performed well even on my old mediocre PC), a nice soundtrack, and has a lot of interesting additions. There is a large amount of diversity in the factions, some of which drastically change the way the game is played. The game is rich with varied mechanics, to the point that you might find you've played multiple games without even realizing certain systems in the game exist!It has its quirks. The AI pathing can be extremely irritating in combat, as your guys will sometimes start travelling a path they can't possibly reach by the end of combat when a path is just temporarily blocked. I've read that one of the end talents has been broken from the beginning.In many ways, it makes for a more interesting game than Civ 5. However, I would stop short of recommending it over Civ 6. I feel the districts system in Endless Legend is a little more stale and boring compared to Civ 6. While I like the idea that districts change which tiles can be exploited, you are pressured to make your city into certain shapes, which are often not what you want.Overall, this game is a solid addition to the genre, as a single player game.MultiplayerTo put it simply, this game is a mess multiplayer. It's often unplayable. It's the worst network handling of a game that I can recall since CivNet in 1991.In more than half the games I've played, the game would report that the client and host were out of sync. Re-syncing forces rejoining the game, sometimes causing the client to lose actions. I've never had re-sync work. It always would go out of sync in a turn or 2. You don't know how serious it is, or whether you can just keep playing. Last game, we tried to keep playing, and eventually things just stopped working for us.But worse than that, every game I've played has encountered a bug that could cause the game to grind to a halt. The client will issue perform an action (move a unit, change research queue, change build queue, etc) and the game won't recognize that it happened. Then no actions will register for minutes. Sometimes the actions will resolve after you hit End Turn, but sometimes they don't. When this happens, both players will be in a state that shows them waiting for the other player, and the game just seems to be stuck for minutes at a time. In late games, these bugs could sometimes add 5 minutes to trying to perform each turn. It is painfully frustrating.This game is a mostly great game, but the terrible multiplayer experience causes me to become soured toward the game overall."
76561197982759376,Not Recommended,289130,14075758,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Pooptronix,"As beautiful and well produced as this game is.  I found it to be not fun.  It felt like a chore and ultimalty left me unsatisfied.  Winning on normal mode felt impossible and the one time I won it was basically cheating.Civ5 players who love the genre will likely LOVE this game.For me, it made me dislike the genre more."
76561198072268671,Not Recommended,289130,13060701,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,jbanksdeal,"The AI in this game is so terrible as to make the game unplayable. If you pick a race with ranged units, you should win every battle. Melee enemies will only close to attack if they can make it in two turns, so you can 'pull' enemies at will. Furthermore, the system for giving your own units orders is terrible. You can either choose to target or move, and if you choose target, your unit will move on it's own accord towards the enemy.Sure, the world map is pretty. It's not pretty enough to make it worth the money. You have to play the battles, which are truly worse than most flash games you could have found for free."
76561198031328124,Recommended,289130,34353487,Posted: 19 August,all,Rizilliant,"I've tried several times to start this game.. It looks great, it appears to be quite in depth... But it does a terrible job at explaining alot of things.. Even basics.. I sometimes cannot tell why in combat phases I do 0 dmg, then other times do damage while simultaneously taking damage.. When I begin to think Im getting the hang of it, something like this happens, and then I feel like I'm right back to square one, understanding absolutely nothing..This last map, I was placed on a very tiny Island, and ended up just blowing through 20-30 turns, just to build things.. I had fully explored the entire 2 zones within 3 turns, looted all ruins, etc.. There was no way to get to other lands, I presume, without ships I guess.. There were only 2 minor factions, both of which I attempted combat with (I was trying out 'The Forgotten' this time), and both times the enemy just obliterated my base combat units, and I would end with a half dead Hero unit.. The same thing when I tried playing as the humans who start with ranged units, though I was atleast able to win those fights outright.. With little understanding of how it happened..I really want to like this game, but Have no idea what Im doing half the time... Yes I'm kind've new to the genre, so it doesn't help that I've only ever tried one other title.. But damn, I wish there was a way to better understand the mechanics in game..if youre a 4x player, you'll probably really enjoy this game.. If, like me, you're new to the genre, this is quite overwhelming, and does little to explain things to yuou.. After a dozen hours, replaying the tutorial twice, and trying 4 or 5 different factions, I still have almost no understanding of the game! And I'm no youngling that spends my gaming time on fps games.. I actually prefer more difficult adventures, without hand holding..Its a great game, if you can understand it.. I can find no fault with the game, only in my ability to understand the mechanics.. Though I do feel they are very poorly explained.. Some of which, are not explained what so ever!--Update--After several hours playing it, and a few youtube videos, guides, and wiki searches, Ive become much more comfortable with the game, and proceeded to demolish 6/7 factions on the map by turn 260, as Cultists!  3 of which were warning that they were withing X of their respective victories, and all ""pitying"" me.. Slowly they all become exhausted, and destroyed, leaving others terrifies awaiting their own inevitable ruin!Now onto the Allayi, and Forgotten plays I began!"
76561198030776562,Not Recommended,289130,12282274,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,grdell,"At first I liked it. I found a faction that looked like it matched my playstyle (non-violent advancement of science) but by the time I reached the fourth goal in the main storyline quest it FORCED me to declare war on one of my allies. Why, if I'm playing a non-violent science-based faction, am I being forced into war with an ally? This fact alone broke my faith in this game completely. It's not a very good 4X game if it forces you into a playstyle you are not comforatble with. You should be able to play whomever you want, however you want. Keep your $35. I wish I could get mine back."
76561198030765741,Not Recommended,289130,12293958,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,73mm,"This game was released in mid-development and is unplayable for game design reasons.--Has about 1/8th of the necessary keyboard shortcuts, let alone others that would be nice.--Too many clicks to move a unit (after move orders, you either have to end turn for it to move or you have to CLICK the ""go ahead and actually move now"" button)--The in-game help option (civopedia) in the game menu is empty.--The processing time is brutal even with the preferences all the way down on a mid-level mac.--The game will let you advance turns without research or build orders selected, so it's designed to punish you for not noticing a detail that is not strategy-dependent.--The pdf manual stinks.--Between programming and design, the game is brutally slow to play (I'm a CIV player by the way, not a CoD player)"
,Not Recommended,289130,12196066,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,karltheawesome,"If your expecting something with the strategy of Civ 5 you will be very disappointed. The game has a few unique features that make it different to other 4x games but ultimately they don't come together to make the game more enjoyable.Instead of being able to place a city anywhere and expanding your territory from it you can found one city in a region, a pre-specified area on the map and claim that whole region giving you access to all special resources in it. The titles around your city are worked automatically and you can build expansions to your city to work more tiles, although doing so is quite difficult. This means there is some strategy  in where to place the city you only do this once. You can found other cities in other territories but you don't really need to put a lot of thought into it the way you do when placing a new city in Civ5. The politics and strategy of smartly placing cities to get access to resources and block your opponents are gone.There are a few factions each which plays slightly differently and caters towards a particular victory type. Not that any of the victory conditions are explained anywhere. They each have a quest, each of which is broken. You can have a bit of fun trying to follow the quests though but eventually it will give you a goal you can't complete due to the randomness of the game.Most of what you will be doing is building armies and taking enemy cities. This is really boring. The combat system sucks and there is no reason not to use auto for every battle. With better units you will win, there is no strategy. Taking a city is as simple as standing next to it to it falls and auto battling anything that tried to stop you. If you burn the city it just disappears, no animation or anything.And this is probably my biggest gripe with the game, it just feels dry. In Civ5 as you build your empire you can see it's mark on the world though improvements and the like. Your city changes as you move though  eras. You can make roads and trade routes, vote in the world congress. Even though a lot of this has minor effects it adds up and gives you a lot to do, a lot of agency.Endless Legend is missing most of this. When you get the right tech you get roads and trade routes but they just appear, you can't even choose your trade routes. You have diplomacy but it feels shallow and mechanical.The developers promise more features and fixes so maybe this will be fixed. But then why take this out of early access? Judging it on it's current merits it simply isn't as fun as Civ5. If your looking for a fantasy version of Civ5 you will be disappointed. If you don't mind playing a dumbed down 4x game as long as it has fantasy maybe you won't mind so much."
76561197982928139,Not Recommended,289130,12598255,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Neos,"I *want* to like the game.  It has lots of pretty parts - armies, resources, mild story, mild assymetry - BUT it has nearly *zero* strategy.  There's just no challenge or thought to the game.  I playing at ""serious"" difficulty I can't even tell that I'm in a conflict.  More than that I scarecely ever even consider other factions actions -- they're irrelevant.Basically the game is just mmo-like questing (gather this resource, talk to that city) superimosed on fantasy empire game.If you like to relax and do quests in a neat empire - then you'll probably enjoy this game a lot.If you were hoping for a strategic, mind-engaging challenge where you pit your wits against a hars world then stay away you will be interminably bored. :/"
,Recommended,289130,26469148,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Argo,"""This is fun"" says the Drakken as they stomp your hopes of war."
,Recommended,289130,12149807,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Pellarome,The most well-rounded and polished 4X game on the market. I absolutely recommend it to any strategy fan.
,Recommended,289130,31268034,Posted: 20 April,all,Rubix,Very fun 4X game. Similar to Civ but with some interesting new elements
76561198006917383,Not Recommended,289130,13202795,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,King Doom,"I really, really want to write a huge glowing review about how great this game is, but I can't for the simple reason it is unplayable. They couldn't be bothered to get it to crop properly, so I get to see a tiny blip of the middle of what's happening because the game thinks my monitor is roughly seventeen kilometers wide.Oh, and none of the in game graphics settings do anything. You can swap them around as you like, but literally nothing changes. As it turns out, these are problems that have been around since the game went Early Access.Edit: Okay, so it's kinda possible to play even with half the menus missing, but it turns out that wow, this is the crashiest game I've ever seen. Crash on diplomacy. Crash on going into a city management screen. Crash combining armies. Crash on season change. Crash crash crash."
76561198080641353,Recommended,289130,31202282,Posted: 17 April,all,Flowsman,if Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing had this soundtrack i would play it
76561198059331653,Recommended,289130,10191120,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,nevyn0ad,"Excellent product for an Early Access.  Despite a few missing features it plays like a finished product.  Players will have to get used to the concept of not having as direct control over their troops in combat, but this actually helps the game flow as it means you aren't so afraid to use Autocombat since the results will be close to what you could have managed manually, which keeps the game moving fast.Research moves at an excellent pace and the story quests behind each faction remain interesting.  Games play fairly fast but replayability is fine.All in all, an excellent purchase that I'm glad to have done, continuing the fine examples the Studio has already released."
76561198085573274,Recommended,289130,20072425,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Armada Devinshi,"This game have the potenial to be one of the best 4x games. The world have a great details with an outstanding graphics, considering that the game is only 2.5 GB on size. The RPG element of the game is simple and easy to understand quickly. You cant really compare it to age of wonderers on the RPG style, but its worth mentioning that age of wonderers have smilar style. Main faction quests on the game have desecnt story it could have been better if it was voice acted. Overall, the game is worth buying if youre a fan of 4x games.Con: Last standing AI can be stupid and easy to destroy ""End game is not that challanging aginst AI""Multiplayer: it is one of the best features about endless legend and I highly recommand to play multiplayer."
76561197975030744,Recommended,289130,31180567,Posted: 16 April,all,Malatesta,Magnificent game but whitout a gnu-linux version expected :- \. That's a total mistake :(
76561198059817820,Recommended,289130,22503469,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,[Homra]能ある鷹は爪を隠,"Is a good 4x game highly recommend, IMHO is better than civil"
76561198052622355,Not Recommended,289130,13191095,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Nikon,"The Pros:1. Beautiful graphics, characters and factions. Very well imagined.2. Interesting scripts and quests. Good lore and background elements.3. Clean minimalist interfaces with dropdowns and popout menus.The Cons:1. Bugs; the only saving grace is I am usually able to save and reload to fix the issues.2. Balancing. This game suffers from total chaos. Mechanics are brilliant standing alone but clash with eachother.3. AI. Battling in a tactial format the AI takes over. All 'Tactial' battling is lost to poor AI grouping for CPU opponents to wipe out your army with AoE attacks.Other Thoughts:I love so much about this game. The visuals are great, Factions are interesting with  a very different feel to each of them.  It seems like great Ideas are abundant and overflowing in this game. That being said many of the games own very cool ideas and mechanics that set it apart from other 4x/civ like games dont work well together making each turn very unbalanced and inconsistant. My honest opinion is this could have been one of the best stratagy games to date but it was rushed to release without the finishing touchs desperately needed for a AAA title. I  stopped playing for now and patiently await the update/overhaul this game needs."
,Recommended,289130,13527903,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,WarStalkeR,"Gratuitous combination of Sid Meir's Civilization, Sid Meir's Alpha Centauri and Heroes of Might & Magic. Every faction is unique (except Mizari and Vaulters, where Mizari is just a reskin for Vaulters), ability to customize your units as you like provides limitless strategical and tactical capabilities. For everybody who loves Sid Meir's Civilization, Sid Meir's Alpha Centauri or Heroes of Might & Magic - Endless Legend is a must have.Великолепнейшая смесь Цивилизации, Альфы Центавры и Героев Меча и Магии. Каждая фракция уникальна (за исключением Mizari и Vaulters, где Mizari это просто скин для Vaulters), возможность самостоятельно выбирать вооружение для юнитов делает стратегические и тактические маневры неограниченными. Всем любителям Героев, Альфы и Цивилизации - Endless Legend обязательна к покупке."
,Recommended,289130,24197526,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,waycooler,"Picked this game up (on sale) for the art, turned out to be a pretty good game. I didn't really like Dungeon of the Endless, and Endless Space made my head hurt, but this taps into my Civ experience, I guess, so that helped. It's a bit like Civ, but with faction diversity that mirrors the diversity in games like DotA. One faction is made up entirely of giant insects that want to eat everyone, who were very happy to declare war on a particularly unruly neighbor that was about to win the game. I assume they ate everyone. I won the game in the meantime."
76561198008083115,Recommended,289130,24989275,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,andy,"I think this is the best civ type game out there, i now have most of the add ons and have been playing it on and off for one heck of a long time now."
76561198042237959,Recommended,289130,25707975,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ezdez,"Endless Legend is Heroes of Might & Magic 3 (heroes & hexagon-grid combat) meets Civilization 4 (stackable units, standard 4X victory conditions). The sci-fi settings gives each faction very unique play styles compared the shallower differences of Civilization series, with the inclusion of heroes playing a big part in strengthening each race's units. For example Cultists cannot create settlers, so instead subjugate minor factions, where as Roving Clans cannot declare war and tax the use of the markets. There are 3-4 unique units per faction and just under a dozen minor factions to pacify and assimilate into your empire. Overall a good set of skirmishes, but no campaign to speak of (though there are many quests that trigger throughout each game) and rather small tech tree means by the time you've gone through half the factions it starts getting a bit tedious. Having said that, it's an overall a good expansion of the Endless universe and Civ-lite experience before Civ6 comes out. Recommend turning off the music."
76561198053942148,Recommended,289130,25718038,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Cockatiel,"What a fantastic game. I'm not even a fan of 4X games (Which are turn based strategy games where you Explore, Expand, Exploit and Exterminate), but after playing Xcom 2, I thought I would give one a go. I probably can't give an indepth analysis of how this stacks up against other 4X games because of that however, so take this review with a pinch of salt.Which one to choose though? There didn't seam to be many recent entries to the genre on the market, except for Civ 5, which had more DLC to buy with it than you could shake a stick at.In the end, I picked up this game, and I couldn't have enjoyed it more. The first thing that stands out with the game is the visuals, and the overall aesthetics of the game. The art looks beautiful, and it works good on a technical level as well. The map is randomly generated everytime you start a new game, and you can customise the parameters, like the size of the map, the weather or terrain, the overall difference in height and the ammount of mountains, whether or not the map tiles around, so you can circumnavigate it or not, the list goes on and on. My first game that I played on a small map, I lost in the end. I think this was because I set the game length to be small. This means that after 200 turns, if you haven't won through one of many circumstances, you loose. You can set it to short, medium, long or endless. Endless means that you never loose because of turn limits I think, so my second game was started on that mode.You have a capital city in this game, which you start with. This city can be told to build troops of your chosen race at the tile of the city, and you can move the troops so many tiles each turn depending on the slowest troop in that army. You can move the army around the world map, discovering things each turn, or fighting with barbarians, or you can instruct them to set up a new city, if you have the unit in the army that can do that. You can grow cities, make more troops, sail around the world, and find new tribes and empires. You can wage war with those empires if you want to win by military supremecy, you can make peace with them if you want to win by trade, you can take their capital city to dominate their empire, or you can ignore them and spend time researching the sciences and exploring world wonders to win by supreme intelligence.Troop and army placement is very important in this game, especially as far as high ground is concearned. When two armys encounter each other, you can enter battle if you want, and then the six phase based mini game starts right there on the world map. The troops in the army back up, and take their positions on the tiles.  You can tell each unit to move to a tile, which enemy unit to attack, and then press go. Unfortunately, it is not turn based how ever. All units in the battle are sorted based on their 'quickness' stat, and they all take their turns in that order. You CANNOT play the phase turn-by-turn and change your mind after each move, which means each phase plays out in front of your eyes without you controlling it. You might have ordered a ranged unit to move to a tile, and attack a certain unit, but another unit moves first and kills the target of the ranged unit. Can you then change the ranged units orders to move somewhere else? No, you have to watch as they just move in the next best way possible. It would be so easy for them to patch in a turn based system based off of the current quickness state, I really hope they do, because the game would be perfect then!Going back to army and troop placement, if a battle area takes place in a certain area, you could have a ranged unit on a cliff, and the enemies might not be able to reach that spot because of the borders of the battle, so being strategic before battle is just as important as during the battle.The hero system is also nice, the heros can fight in battle alongside regular troops, with all their special abilities like fire, or healing. You can hire and fire them, assign them to armys or as mayors of cities, and they level up over time so you can upgrade them. You can also outfit your troups with lots of different armours and weapons, as well special artifacts that you find in the game.  You produce stronger equipment that your scientists researhed, retro fit regular troops and make them  more powerful for battle. Don't like your melee units? Take their swords and axes away, and give them cross bows and a bow and arrow!  Amries becoming too expensive because of ecconomic crisis? Take away their nice equipment, and give them lower tiered ones from earlier on in the game! So much choice occors on the strateic level, that it almost makes the lack luster battles perfect. All they need to do is make it truly turn based, using the 'quickess' stat.This game also has brilliant sound design as well. Truly a fantastic game in all ways. Beautifal portraits and illustrations of environments, races and characters, which seam to be a hallmark of this developers games, really help to paint a picture of the mysterious world. But one criticism I have of this genre of games, is the portraits of the races and units. It would be better if they had some kind of customisation of them, like Spores creature creator.  Spores last stage was a realtime 4X, but all the races you encountered were either randomly generated in appearance, or made by the developer. The dialog and interation with them was nothing more than generic templates, but you could let players write their own templates for the race they are making though.Either way, if you are curious about 4 X's, I say give this one a try. You probably wont regret it. If you are a fan of the genre, this game has a lot of innovation that makes it stand out.  It has a few annoyances how ever, from the battle system not allowing turn by turn decision making, to the FIDS (Food, Industry, Dust [currency, trade] , and Science) causing the game to have an overall Min-Max feeling, rather than truly emergent gameplay.Imo, it's better than Endless Space, the world looks so much more beautiful than just balls of light in a black space background, but most importantly, the world isn't just about looks, it requires strategy to navigate and master. If there is a sea, you will need to sail accross to get to another continent, if there is a snowy winter season, the ecconomy and troops movement range is affected until the season ends.It's a great game."
76561198154963644,Recommended,289130,25789732,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Chocorocky16,One of the best strategy games I've ever played.
,Recommended,289130,26062462,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Boss,"Loads of fun, almost theraputic. Game has a zen-like atmosphere despite offering a decent amount of challenge for those of us who don't play Civ in their sleep. The game can get a bit drawn out and repetitive toward the end of the campaigns, when you're kinda OP but still restricted by movespeed so getting to the distant corners of the map to wipe out inferior scum takes eons. However, the visuals are downright gorgeous and the sheer amount of detail and options in the world in terms of growth and style (esp. in the beginning/middle) are incredible. Playing as each different race is fun too, and the tidbits of lore offered are well-written and a worthwhile reward in their own right.If you, like me, are a fan of lore and an almost interactive-storybook quality gameplay, you'll like Endless Legend.Seriously this game is so pretty I could spend hours just scrolling around the map, zooming in on stuff and drooling on it."
76561198005444322,Recommended,289130,26092452,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,SilentDan,"On the 'yes' side of 'meh'.  It's the same idea as Civ, only set in a sci-fi setting where the factions have been bombed back to the fantasy ages.  Instead of building cities wherever you like, the map (while still hex-based) is divided up into 'provences', each capable of having once city in them; put your city in, claim the provence.+ quests you can send your units on.- what the quest is looking for is frequently not described well.+ beautiful, detailed landscape.- too much going on in the landscape makes it hard to determine what is important.  Also, zooming the view out to the map results in your armies not showing up.+ turn based battles.- once you start, you can't get out of them if it's going to be a long battle that you have no hope of winning.+ queue up your research and production so the game doesn't pester you about idle things.- queueing up everything can result in you forgetting what you had cities and researchers doing.Also, building armies results in the units sitting in the city garrisons, if you are not paying attention.  Armies also like sitting idle when you've given them things to do.Factions only get about 4 units, but get manually outfitted with new weapons and armor as you research them, instead of an automated upgrade system to take your swordsmen up to X-Com death squads.There is a process of assimilating minor factions to get their units, usually involving quests.In your build queue for the cities, they include buildings that can't meet prerequisites, but are greyed out.  Likewise, if you don't read the tooltips, and simultaneously tell multiple cities to build the same unique building, they will all spend the resources and just make error messages when the copies are ready to be finished.Overall, not bad, but really just either/or in comparison to Civ."
76561198078117240,Recommended,289130,26134795,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Oblithian,"So far it seems really good, though it plays (and the UI is) very similar to Endless Space. I could see playing this game for ages, even if none of my friends will play it with me.However, I find myself wishing the battle system to be more dynamic (at least visually) like total war. Also, I am disappointed with the trend towards cartoony graphics, TOR claimed it was to be unique but everyone does it and it's a great excuse to skimp on textures.Overall I would say this is the number one alternative to Civilization (I am not certain it is better, but it is comparably different)."
,Recommended,289130,26361651,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Precluse,"I like games I can comprehend without supporting piracy. Amplitude, make a translation."
,Recommended,289130,26507374,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,⎝⎝ Salbom ⎠⎠,Gr8 game
,Recommended,289130,26617518,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[SAMPLETEXT],CIV V but better in most ways.
76561197978481075,Recommended,289130,26644071,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Spyderbyte,"Better then civ X released in 2030, even if they add the ability to play as Trump and your special unit is a female operative called a Snatch Grabber."
76561197979663042,Recommended,289130,28645692,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Naxtron,great game !
76561198095610678,Recommended,289130,28875765,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Greatot,"I've FINALLY managed to get into this game, after some dozen attempts I've finally seen the light.They key is to view the game differently. This isn't a game about simply managing an empire like in other 4x games, you aren't supposed to and won't get any satisfaction out of just having a big empire or a good economy. The mechanics aren't designed to be enjoyable while simply being played and managed, it isn't about managing hapiness or countering threats as they arise to challange your peace. It's about being the challange.It's about winning.The whole game is designed and focused to be less about the journey and more about the destination. Much like a board game in that sense. You won't find much complexity in simply picking where to settle, managing cities or picking sciences if you don't have a goal in mind. But once you do have a goal in mind, once you are focused on achieving that victory, boy, does it open up.Suddenly seemingly pointless diplomatic relations become incredibly important choices. Simple science picks alter the entire flow of your empire. Small buildings shake your entire economy. Once you got your focus on the long term, all the complexity starts showing itself and all the colors start flowing in.This effect is present in all 4x games with victory conditions of course, but this one is partricularly affected by it, and completely built around it."
76561198190753813,Recommended,289130,29431228,Posted: 22 January,all,mOonmAnDoeSaJaZz,Tried to build a small empire of traders and merchantsEntire population was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by an army of bug monsters
76561198122423690,Recommended,289130,29589326,Posted: 30 January,all,Bennitos,Can't. Stop.  Send help.
76561198201727628,Recommended,289130,29926549,Posted: 14 February,all,#OVERWATCH,"A fantastic game.Its civilization on a different planet.But, if you have no history with stratergy games then either don't get it cause you'll be confused  and you won't have fun or watch some tutorial video's on the internet to find out how to play this game.If you know how to play stratergy games and you like these kinds of games then this is right up your alley, definately give it a try."
,Recommended,289130,30030965,Posted: 19 February,all,NBMTX,"Endless AnthropologyAll I wish for is to be left alone in peace, to help my people thrive... at least until I'm strong enough to eliminate all the potential threats surrounding us! This game has many paths to victory but I have a tendancy toward an eventual tyrany, it seems.The Endless universe and in this case, the world of Auriga, has such intruiging lore in my opinion. They haveFocus Videosthat give you information on Auriga and the various civilizations that inhabit it, but overall I think Amplitude has done a great job of balancing detail with ambiguity across and within the factions, which allows for a better feel of making your civilization feel like it's YOUR civilization once you're playing. At the same time, I somewhat wish there was more support art/story/dialogue for interactions between specific factions and the contrasting ideologies as you play. I've only played a couple of factions so far, but have to say that their aesthetics and unique propeties makes each attractive and/or challenging in it's own way."
76561198102811744,Recommended,289130,30519360,Posted: 14 March,all,Cold_Lemming,best game since lords of magic
,Recommended,289130,30677429,Posted: 22 March,all,[Lamp]Kingwolf{GLAN},excellent game and i highly recommend it!
76561198055069473,Recommended,289130,31002800,Posted: 7 April,all,SniperPilot16,"great game, honestly a lot like civ but a bit more in depth"
76561197993272889,Recommended,289130,31127263,Posted: 13 April,all,poltrojan,"Turn based stragety, enjoyed it.  Preferenced towards the Cults or Broken Lords.  Once slowly build up the empire, your armies and heroes are practically gods on battlefield, even cutting down a Guardian is a joke."
76561197972335884,Recommended,289130,31304400,Posted: 22 April,all,drethnudrib,"This game is like an interactive personality test, where your faction of choice says a lot about who you are as a person. Apparently, I'm a control freak who wants to telepathically command all my friends to replace every living being in the world with insect clones of myself.10/10 would become six-legged Hitler again."
76561198033598594,Recommended,289130,31570003,Posted: 5 May,all,Phobac,Great game get it
76561198165981281,Recommended,289130,32017799,Posted: 28 May,all,biggnickk,not the typical rpg
,Recommended,289130,32111910,Posted: 1 June,all,The Gull,"I am a casual gamer, and this game is awesome. - Definitely one of the better PC games of the past few years.Try it! - If it's on sale. - Definitely try it!!! Tell them I sent you. Or don't. - But if you do you may get a discount.... or not. I'm unsure as to whether there will be a discount or not. Probably not. But if there is, please remember me! :)"
,Recommended,289130,32165429,Posted: 3 June,all,Shrikk,I generally don't enjoy RTS games but this one was pretty good since it adds RPG elements to the mix and each of the classes are really neat my only grievance is while yes it's a nice game it's kinda demanding computerwise.
,Recommended,289130,32859423,Posted: 27 June,all,Games Dean,"Haven't played too much or gotten too far due to this being my first game in the 4X strategy genre, but so far I'm impressed. The sheer amount of planning and content required to take one turn is staggering but not intimidating. There's a lot to do, but you feel like you're in control. Interaction with other players/races is not optimal for a game with diplomacy as a major playing point, and you're usually too focused on mantaining your own economy to worry about invasion from neighboring forces. All in all, it's worth the sale price, but I wouldn't spend more than maybe $15 on it.Story: 6/10Gameplay: 7/10Graphics: 7/10Gameplay: 6/10Replayability: 7/10=== TOTAL: 33/50 ==="
,Recommended,289130,33351479,Posted: 7 July,all,Ken,buy it all
,Recommended,289130,33571049,Posted: 15 July,all,Kaiser Wilhelm the Second,"Amazing art! Game is like Civ but obviously the developers put a lot of effort into art, since Unity doesnt support that many particle effects!"
76561198000689633,Recommended,289130,33709538,Posted: 21 July,all,Oneoverzero,"Overall Rating - Great Buy - For those willing to invest the time needed to learn the games mechanics and the various factions approaches to victory, this is a solid 4X with magnificent lore and and art that is fitting and stunning. However, if you do not learn the game's nuances and try to play the factions in the same way you will find the game unforgiving and unenjoyable."
76561198005949185,Recommended,289130,33926596,Posted: 31 July,all,Sam,Grrrrrrreat game
,Recommended,289130,34026158,Posted: 4 August,all,Cap'n Clover,its fun but also complicated i like it
,Recommended,289130,34245034,Posted: 14 August,all,Olly,A very well made game.
76561198143195459,Recommended,289130,35053138,Posted: 18 September,all,Ben.TMoore,Inventive and interesting to explore.
76561198041879613,Recommended,289130,35058048,Posted: 18 September,all,viewsonicg,"Less Endless than they'd have you believe, this game still holds attention for a number of hours. The combat, which mixes traditional 4X style play and Turn-based Tactics, would have been more interesting with unit diversity, which one of the main limitations of this game. The customization is not as robust as it might sound, and the game's Summer-Winter Cycle can be annoying. Still, for the 4X player looking for something a little different, you'll find some hours of it here.It gets an upvote on sale"
,Recommended,289130,24229280,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,EverydayHero,"It's very good game. There is a lot of other reviews on it, so don't want to repeat them. Only thing I would recommend you is, that it's better to have all DLCs. Gameplay is better, game is more fun in general. And you have more options what to do, what to build... DLCs makes it a better game."
,Recommended,289130,25106687,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Foehack,Pros:+ It's basically Sid Meyer's Civilization V of Might and MagicCons:- ???Bottom line:♥♥♥♥in' buy it.
76561198021714753,Recommended,289130,29431677,Posted: 22 January,all,csx,"Steam Sale! $10.49 endless legend and all expansions.Play till endless space 2 and expansions are $10.49.It's like if Civ 6 smoked DMT.This games is like a total ""oh no they din't.""Pretty magnificent...."
,Recommended,289130,29575834,Posted: 29 January,all,Ninjasoldier014,It was pretty fun. Need to get a friend to play now.
76561198076077211,Recommended,289130,29620289,Posted: 31 January,all,Infectedwaffle,"As a strategy fan, I love in depth strategy mechanics and gritty gameplayEndless legend is, by far, one of the best strategy games I have ever played. The above mentioned traits are not only met, but are high lighted by diverse and exciting gameplay mechanics and factions .The game itself is a 4K game, much like civ. However, unlike civ which encourages the use of minor buffs and debuffs due to whatever empire you are, instead the game almost completely changes when you play a different race in Endless Legend. Additionally, the overall graphic quality, preformance optimization, gameplay balance, and skill ceiling is better than any civ game to date. On a side note,( although still worth mentioning ), the replay ability, for both single player and multiplayer, is surprisingly high.If I was asked to say anything bad about this game, the only honest answer would be the brutal DLC prices.( seriously though, it kind of hurts to see the devs make a new gameplay element and then hide it behind a $14 paywall)"
76561198059975637,Not Recommended,289130,29892845,Posted: 12 February,all,Darkwolfe,"This is one of those games that would really benefit from a more comprehensive review system from Steam than simply thumbs up/down.tl:dr - Been playing 4X games since Civ 1. This isn't bad (about 6/10) but it's not really worth the price, even on sale. Save your cash for something better, a newer Civ game or Endless Space 2.I picked this game up during the Endless sale, when Endless Space 2 was about to release. Due to the sale I got the game and all DLC for about $30 so, not bad.On the positive side, this game looks stunning. Great particle effects, great detail and with a great HD monitor and rig this game is beautiful. There's so much to see on the screen that it's visually pleasing.. at first. Here lies one issue I had with the game though - there is too damn much going on, on the screen. There were times I literally couldn't find my army without hotkeys because there were so many other 'anomolies' and terrain effects. And if your unit is engaged in a seige the hotkeys don't work, so, you now have to hunt for your armies, next to a city, buried in terrain details. Damn the beauty, where's my army! I basically had to go into my military screen and locate my armies from a menu. It works but dammit I shouldn't have to search and click around like this.How about the game? Well it's Endless so, the pre-made factions are not stellar. Only now they come with a faction-required trait that you're stuck with. So you waste up to 25 trait points on a crappy trait you can't get rid of. Some of them aren't bad, others just suck and aren't worth the wasted points. Still, the customs work fairly well, and the preset ones are semi-functional. And they have decent stories so, they're actually interesting. Be warned though, a couple of the faction quests are questionable; I played through with Vaulters and got the Domination victory in 225 turns without ever being able to get past the 3rd part of the main quest. So basically, I killed everything, but the quest said I still had to kill things.. ehhh not the best.There are also in-game ""deeds"" kind of like wonders, once someone gets them, they're unavailable to everyone else. This isn't bad but, several early ones are military based, so if you play a peaceful game, or play militarily weak faction, kiss those early deeds goodbye to the other players. I tried to restart to see if they were random but they never changed so, unless you plan on some early fighting, you're going to miss out. And if you're an indirect-war faction, you may gimp yourself going for them unless you're careful. It isn't horrible but it does add increased difficulty to certain factions.Game play itself is... another mixed bag. It wasn't totally boring but.. I didn't find myself getting that ""just one more turn"" feeling. Heroes and their abilities were interesting. But you only get 3 or 4 units until late game and by then you don't need super-elemental-units.. at all. I found myself having to make armies to wander around to check ruins and grab pearls that would spawn in my territory.. this amounted to mindless busy-work. The AI doesn't appear to play smarter at higher difficulties, it simply seems to be more aggresive and get a resource boost which feels kind of cheesey.All in all, was it fun? Kind of, but I was never really engaged or connected with the game. Will I play it through again? Probably not. I still have Civ 5 still waiting to be played (yeah, yeah, I know lol). Would I recommend the game, even on deep discount? I would have to say no. No, I would not. May as well save the $30 for Endless Space 2, or a Civilization game.All in all, it isn't bad. I'd give it 6/10, and only if it's on sale."
76561198313086432,Recommended,289130,30255236,Posted: 28 February,all,ifnnadie?,"One of the best RTS's I've ever played. Very beautiful and overall a blast to play. It's Civ 5 but fantasy, and in my opinion, better."
76561198346154572,Recommended,289130,31145476,Posted: 14 April,all,Spartacus,"Awesome 4X game, I even like it more than Civ5 because each faction plays reaaaally different. It offers a lot of unit customization and combat system is more ""deep"" and strategic. The different types of victories to win, quests to do and an AI that plays more agressive than other 4X makes of it a good game to have in your collection. Only problem is that crashes a lot which is really annoying."
76561198031946595,Recommended,289130,31173772,Posted: 16 April,all,jesus_patriot,"Love this game. It's unique. A lot of fresh mechanics and ideas that you don't find in other games. It's not copy of Civ or MoO, MoM, Alpha Centauri. It's realy Legend :) Such games appers rarely.  I recomend this game every 4X fan or TBS, sci-fi, fantasy. Also graphic and music nice.For Mac OS X - game crashes usualy every 70 minutes. Save game more often. Use timer. Even with this bug - game like a diamond."
,Recommended,289130,31209886,Posted: 17 April,all,ченьО.Д.удэ101©,Very fun and interesting Grand Strategy game. Would recommend to anybody interested in Grand Strategy and even more so to anybody who is a fan of the Endless series.
76561198105662256,Recommended,289130,31227024,Posted: 18 April,all,ultimatezen,"Great game, worth the $ even when not on sale."
76561198081609038,Recommended,289130,31327706,Posted: 23 April,all,GoatJudas,"its a pretty decent strategy game, as strategy games go"
,Recommended,289130,32159051,Posted: 3 June,all,Macbook Garze,"Holy balls, what an amazing 4X Strategy game. In all seriousness, this is one of the best games I've ever played - once you wrap your head around all the micromanagement, it's fairly simple and straightforward. Best played with friends, but versus bots is still fun and sometimes challenging. Only complaint is that sometimes the multiplayer servers are a little... slow... but if you can get over having to relog every once in a while (like maybe once every 100, 150 turns), it's super good. Overall, 8.5/10. Highly reccomend."
76561198030953152,Recommended,289130,34006566,Posted: 3 August,all,Shady Santa Claus,Pretty much Civ but better(in my opinion)
,Recommended,289130,34032640,Posted: 5 August,all,Spittingbull,"I helped to beta this gem and I knew, even then, this was destined to be a winner.  Fantasy realm building, with decidedly different leaders- and well balanced, customizable units for battle.  What's to say that hasn't been said now, in it's years of release?  If you're on the fence, it's worth it.  It'll take a few runs to learn each archetype faction and their differences, as it should. A AAA game shouldn't be an 8 hour walkthrough.  I haven't gotten the DLC yet, but I've heard good things and will, next sale.  This is the best fantasy 4x (imo) since Fall From Heaven for Civ 4 (and yes, I love the Age of Wonders re-launch, too).  GREAT job."
76561198020034026,Recommended,289130,25027187,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Reklis,"Great game! Doesnt deserve the ""mixed"" status..."
,Recommended,289130,26512018,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Bobby Fischer,♥♥♥♥ I want to play this game more
76561198008683539,Recommended,289130,27759140,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ningauble,You know what I like about Endless Legend?Everything?Almost. I think the Gaurdians expansion unbalanced the game.So if you got it you turn it off when you start a new game.Easy as that. Like. I could write pages and pages but...I like everything about this game.Except playing in on a 32bit O/S.
,Recommended,289130,28984013,Posted: 3 January,all,bernstein,Masterpiece. Everything Civ V should have been.
76561197988441268,Recommended,289130,34069382,Posted: 6 August,all,domic,"Ok, so I shelled out for Civ VI, played a bit, installed mods to try and spice it up, tried different map types to try and spice it up, different play styles, then realized ... it's a mad world where the mighty Civ franchise is reduced to copying an Endless game.Except Endless Legend does it better.R.I.P. Civ, we still love you."
76561197983734343,Recommended,289130,24709289,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,No_Control,"If you're into 4x games at all, you owe it to yourself to play this one"
,Recommended,289130,25002668,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Mist,"endless fun, make your preferred race a legened!"
76561198143869246,Recommended,289130,34749584,Posted: 4 September,all,Zebra13,"The first thing that cought my eye was the unusual art direction. The second thing was how smooth and slick the game was... except for combat... that sucks, but its not a deal breaker for me. The autoresolve adjucates very fairly in my mind. The original races and their doomed plight resounded with me as well."
76561198070985579,Recommended,289130,24454637,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,LooksLikeAJobFor,"Its a great game. I love the diversity and ability to customize just about everything. The game's tutorial covers basics but, spend a few minutes on the forums or on YouTube to get a better grasp of the overall strategy."
76561198007292204,Recommended,289130,24684149,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Drakan,"Fantastic 4x action, with great replay value."
76561197994137056,Recommended,289130,24797112,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Owl.se,"Generally, solid 4x game with strategy part from civilization mixed with some hero development."
,Recommended,289130,24900521,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,pOLITICALLY cORRECT rUN,This game is good.
76561198148188201,Recommended,289130,25993287,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,optimus rhyme,"great game, love the visuals and story"
76561198038926859,Recommended,289130,26962591,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,m3gat0n,Exelent!
,Recommended,289130,26967577,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IdARzikFTh,Fun game when you can market ban everyone for not doing what you want.
76561198046237858,Recommended,289130,32476258,Posted: 16 June,all,Varegi,"Good strategy game with minor flaws, lots of resources and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it all makes sense after a test game or 2."
76561198052267907,Recommended,289130,33543279,Posted: 14 July,all,viirinsoftworks,"Endless Space may suck due to bad AI, but Endless Legend was actually coded properly. If you're smart, then there isn't a challenge, but it is fun none-the-less.Expanding cities whenever you can isn't always a good idea- you have to balance national and city happiness with expansion potential, and city expansions offer far worse stats than the area of effect, so watch that."
,Recommended,289130,33824213,Posted: 26 July,all,Dave,"better than civ, more in depth and difficult too."
,Recommended,289130,33837171,Posted: 27 July,all,-DI- THE TIN MAN,Awesome immersive gameplay. Has one of my favorite soundtracks and looks simply amazing.
76561197969306491,Recommended,289130,24167806,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Captein,"*Do not be fooled by recent negative reviews*This is no doubt the best 4x strategy game out there so far. In my opinion it beats Civ 5 hands down, without being any disrespectful to civ 5.Map is beautiful as its pleasing to just look at, the music is immersive as its soothing, the gameplay just excells with varied minor faction units that can be conquered, assimilated and produced for an always different variety on every new gameplay, that on top of the fact that heroes and units can be equipped with different armors/weapons/accessories. However I wish they would have some different color schemes.Everything is beautifully crafted, quests are simple and entertaining, combat is quite straightfoward and usually automatic even on manual mode, mostly the stronger army will win and after the first battles you'll see yourself using the auto mode pretty much every battle or spectator mode just to enjoy the slaughter, even so tactical decisions as using high ground/forests/manneuver the enemy for aoe/line attacks could turn the tide when armies may seem balanced. Factions are loyal to their lore and the unique traits adds massively to the replayability.I currently don't see any major negative aspects on this game, some people claim that the A.I is a bit weak combat wise, but so far i've only played on normal difficulties so I'll comment on that later on. Also, it must be noted the fact that some factions ares focused on economy/expansion/research/etc wise, meaning they will pursuit said ways of winning the match instead of pure elimination of the other empires.Easily 9/10"
76561198027260451,Recommended,289130,25991963,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Climate Change Denier,"Very good strategy game.  Very, very good."
76561198053063519,Recommended,289130,26022857,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Grunge Mirkwood,"This review is for the latest version of the base game.Using a 5 point scale:Overall: 4graphics: 5 - amazing. units have unique designs and equipment alters models.sound: 5 - really immersivereplayability: 5  - gameplay varies dramatically for each race with different mechanics, unique race units,  unique race    quests, some of which unlock unique techsquests: 4.5 - A few are bugged or provide unusable rewards(the 37).strategy: 3 - not inspired, very bland.  units don't block each other on battle map.  no locking in combat.  there are no special abilities to trigger, you can only target your team for supports or others for attacks.  You can do some recon to determine types and try to equip the correct gear, which forces micro.  no bonuses for flanking. no cavalry penalties for forest.   The unit types need differentiation and interplay with terrain. fallen enchantress and civ 5 both beat this game in this category.most impressive game features:overall graphics and sound immersionrace variabilitycities on the hexesdecent diplomacy(although why do you need to research peace and higher?)Obviously, I'm miffed that the strategy aspects of hex based combat were glossed over and lack any innovation."
76561197993102305,Recommended,289130,26510910,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Jingar,"Plenty of depth, slick, good graphics"
76561198025132653,Recommended,289130,26959780,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Likeon,"Lore, rules, races. Play it."
,Recommended,289130,26966639,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zageron,"In my opinion a superior successor to Civilization than Civ 5 or 6 was. It's totally different, and feels like a breath of fresh air to the genre."
,Recommended,289130,27920572,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Daxwred|Meliconi,"A really great game to sit down, gather round your friends and see what happens."
,Recommended,289130,27973392,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,max.eisert,I'm not a particular fan of turnbased games on a hexagonal map and I don't particularly like fantasy units but I like the game so far. Although I think it's a bit overrated.
76561197982850997,Recommended,289130,24525517,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,The Bear Jew,"Beautiful world creation, truly has me lost in the soundtrack and visuals while also enjoying my favorite 4X style. Bravo"
76561198079324901,Recommended,289130,25274839,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,OrganizationXIII,"This game is not as good as Civilitation V but it is pretty good anyways. It's more fantasy based, and have some cool features that Civ don't.7/10"
76561198152044818,Recommended,289130,26117299,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Darome,"One of the best games I've ever played. It's the first 4x to actually give MOO2 a run for its money. The game magically turns hours into minutes and you'll wonder where the time went. If amplitude could make a space 4x with the same system they couldn't be touched. Although good games, endless space and endless space 2 don't quite reach the level of endless legend. This is coming from someone who has an extreme bias for sci-fi environments. I also don't mean sci-fi as in warewolves, vampires and superpowers I mean sci-fi as in futuristic technology (what happened to the days when sci-fi had one definition and you didn't have to clarify your meaning). Another thing tthat seems inconsequential but is huge for me is the pictures that appear when an event occurs. The pictures are very classic xcomesque and a really nice touch, it's like a straight shot of xcom nostalgia."
76561198004632519,Recommended,289130,26418924,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,samusa,Good looking fantasy strategy with nice mechanics. Comparable to Civ5 in quality.
76561198011858917,Recommended,289130,29392101,Posted: 20 January,all,Seddrik,"Bought the Endless Legend Collection for $11.00.If you like the earlier civilivation games, especially Alpha Centauri, you will like this one.  Especially with mods (like no ending turn/timelimit).Easy to learn, yet depth.  Interestingly different take on city building, hero customization, city seige tactics, and combat isn't boring.  You can auto battle, which has similar results to manual, but you can often use terrain to your advantage if you build tanks and ranged support armies.There is even a mod where you can make your own custom faction.Very well done.  Very well done."
76561197979369232,Recommended,289130,30460756,Posted: 11 March,all,netdragon693,"I love the game, but the reason I boght it was to player multiplayer with my friends. It constantly goes out of sync after turn 100, and the games are way too long (150 turns take 7 hours) even on the ""fast"" setting. Automatic resolution is not good, usually doesn't take reinforcements into the calculations.Hope they could fix the multiplayer and allow shorter games in the future."
,Recommended,289130,32717747,Posted: 24 June,all,zydog,hard game at first but fun as ♥♥♥♥ m8
76561198021520976,Recommended,289130,17144361,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,John Smith,"Extremely complete and well balanced, this is an excelent strategy game, and the price reflects it.Only one regret about this game, the absence of local multiplayer, but hey, the game's still rich, fun and with a very interesting backstory."
76561198028186090,Recommended,289130,35475861,Posted: 4 October,all,ireland630,Hey yall this is a fantastic game if you are into Civilization style play. If the recent reviews say mixed you can read about that  on the Endless Legend subreddit (https://www.reddit.com/r/EndlessLegend/comments/5623p5/endless_legends_steam_user_rating_is_now_mixed/)ignore the mixed rating! This game is absolutely worth your time and I have sunk countless hours into exploring all the content it has to offer.Give Endless Legend your $$$
76561198269009916,Recommended,289130,23227632,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,GammaMesh,"Great game... Now all I need is friends to play this with.But other than that, the game can hold well even without them."
76561197989611244,Recommended,289130,23107213,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,TheEyez,Very comparable to civilization series with the just one more turn though. Game will always seem to keep things lively though I do feel that sometime's maps are just too big and never fill out.
76561198055322929,Not Recommended,289130,12486028,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,daveross_1,"Endless Legend,more like Endless crashes/errors.I really wanted to like this game but i get fustrated with ""serious error"" keep popping up everytime i endturn or even during my turn. Yeah i can just click continue and the game seems to run again but why the hell should I. I did after all pay for  the game and just want to play it as intended and not what it is now ( Endless Errors) ..Cannot recommend this to anyone in its current state but hey,its your money"
,Recommended,289130,29864768,Posted: 11 February,all,P O L Y B I U S,Endless Legend is better than Civ.And I love Civ.
,Recommended,289130,15428442,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Xaikus,Good bye life
,Recommended,289130,15406448,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,HelterSkelter937,i would not say its better than civilisation.... but yeah its better than civilisation at least for me here i can complete nice (just around 10hour sessions instead of 30+in civ)sessions there are not as much races but they all play very differently apart from each otherif you like civilisation this will still be a good game for youthough i think it speaks more to the casual gamers (but in a good way)
76561198017792066,Not Recommended,289130,28649064,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Terrainosaur,"When does the fun start?I played the tutorial twice. I watched an hour of youtube tutorials. Then I started on lowest difficulty three times. I googled answers to questions. And I still have no idea what's going on. It's not a learning curve, it's a wall.You'll get warnings that mean nothing to you. ""Alert! You haven't boosted your Necessities budget before assigning your Lower/Upper Chamber of Dark Dust magic a Vlargon resource allocation.""Some twinkling hexes can be clicked on. Some can't. Why? The game doesn't say.Icons pop up. Why? I don't know.Options are greyed out. Why? You'll do a search and find out first you have to research Thunder Lair III once you reach Era Octajik but only if you've put nine points in Costanzar the Great. What are those? More reading for you!I don't want to do HOMEWORK, so I don't want to play Endless Legends."
76561198118230144,Not Recommended,289130,23633268,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Barcode-Killer,"A game which I really  tried  to like. It has a beautiful style , music and atmosphere but it fails overall.The game has a complexity that walks the line between fun and tedious. It feels like a job after a while: it's repetitive and the exciting  moments are too few. The matches take too long and so little things are happening. Most of the time you will spend micromanaging little things and pressing next turn. The Quest system is nice at the beggining but repetitive and boring: just move your units to a place or spend X ammount of resources. The science system is good but they won't give you anything unique, a lot of copy-paste techs. There is little diversity between each game.Overall is not a bad game but it didn't win me over."
,Not Recommended,289130,12285513,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,MaGicBush,"A great game with some complexity and great graphics for it's genre(4x). The gameplay is smooth and the combat system is improved over ES and Civ 5, as well as each faction having some good unique traits to them. However what makes a 4x game fun is the AI, and right now I simply cannot recommend this game in it's current state because the AI is horrible. It builds literally 5 military units or so(one time I saw 2 stacks), and they are not upgraded at all on the hardest difficulty. If you see that a AI is ahead of you in the victory condition you are going for you can simply just declare war on them and stomp them quickly with one full upgraded stack and a hero taking most of their regions.Until the AI is improved I would hold off on this game honestly. I can understand all of the positive reviews as the gameplay itself and potential is very high, but you wont get very many hours out of the game until the AI is fixed, or you enjoy completely stomping with no challenge, or you can play 3-6 hours straight for a multi-player game.If the AI is fixed I will update this review and recommend the game at that point."
,Not Recommended,289130,12943661,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,chimosh,"Not sure how I feel about this game. I have played 9hrs and I am already bored of it.I dont know why its got such good reviews as for a game that is of the 4x genre it is lacking depth.It has good visuals. It has a different land mechanic of owning land that I do like. The research tree is good.But the game itself is just boring.The battle system leaves you feeling a tad empty.I have played for hrs getting land and such, without fighting the AI once.Maybe I am just spoiled from playing Crusader Kings II and EU4. I just feel empty playing this game."
,Not Recommended,289130,13035559,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Parakeet,"It's just endless space, plus fantasy, minus the space. I guess I should have assumed that based off the name, but I failed to check the developer before I bought this, after raving reviews from my friend. If you like Civ and liked Endless Space, you'll (probably) like this. If 4X games are your thing, you more than likely will like this, but for how many assests are recycled and reused in this, I can't help but see it as something they threw together whilst ignoring the many bugs and issues already present with Endless Space. Both of which start off horrendously boring, the visuals are very nice, and the game looks great, but 4X games like this really don't need to be Spectacle, I wont pretend to be a fan of 4X games at all so maybe I'm wrong, but for something that looks so good on the Screenshots it doesn't end up mattering when you're Zoomed out most of the time while dealing with your many cities, and in my opinion it's definitely not worth the 35$ I paid for it, and knowing this used to be 10$ more, I can't help but feel it was just a cash grab by taking Civ elements and throwing on a watered down version of their own tech tree and fairly modern looking UI, again recycled from Endless Space, over a fantasy setting."
,Not Recommended,289130,12810205,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,mick9452,"I'm ambivalent about this game. Very good looking, GREAT soundtracks & an improvement over Endless Space's gameplay.That being said, there are TOO many crashes, especially late in the game. This happens even if video specs are set tolow. uUing custom race,s as well as selecting competitive races in game set up causes the game to refuse to load 80% ofthe time.  Have an I5 2.67G, 8G RAM,2G Video RAM & do not have these problems with other games."
76561198042952668,Not Recommended,289130,12964427,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,jokstar,"Looks pretty graphics wise. Overall concept is great. Very similar to the CIv series.So i've just bought this today and have to say i'm extremely unimpressed by the sheer amount of crashes. Probably averaging a game crash every 15-20 miinutes of game time.This isn't an early access or beta and it's obvious it's not error free yet. Might pass for a month or so and come back. If I keep getting crashes, will never buy another game from this company."
76561198012028459,Not Recommended,289130,13513121,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Teflon,"I would not purchase this game for a Mac. I haven't completed a game yet because Endless Legend keeps crashing. Guess I can try this using VMWare but I decided to jump for this over similar 4x games because I wouldn't have to deal with the hassle.Gameplay, tactics, and AI all seem fairly standard for this style game."
76561197982495500,Not Recommended,289130,14203685,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jallious,"It's...not fun. There's no immersion, and you don't feel like you're accomplishing anything. The neutral monster fights are insanely repetative. This game's also very easy to master up to late-game where all you have to look forward to is waiting for an opponent to try to take your city."
76561198153957012,Not Recommended,289130,12596737,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,bryanin82,"Not as good as I had hoped for. I love turn based strategy games like Civ and Xcom, but this one did not quite do it for me. Having the attack/defend/move commands executed by the computer was also a bit weird and the empire building and expanding seemed a bit off for me as well.This game has gotten a lot of good reviews, so it may be just me that is off. LOL - Just my 2 cents.I personally bought this game just to mess around while waiting for CIV:BE to come out... hopefully CIV:BE will be more to my liking."
76561198052538848,Not Recommended,289130,12480438,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,duncan.richardson,"First the good, its pretty and the strategic game is as well constructed as the classics civ and moo/mom.  There is a good research tree, with plenty of city improvements and development of the hero and units.  The map gets a little busy but the detail can be turned off. Now the bad and it is a show stopper. The tactical combat is really poor, visualise playing chess on a 4x4 board. So many of these 4x games have a decent strategic game and then rubbish tactical combat. Its great to have many units with different ranges speeds and special powers but if it all takes place on a tiny map where the opposite sides can reach each other on the first turn and cant move out of range there are not any tactics at all. In summary it looks nice but combat is so boring I have lost interest in the rest of the game, shame."
76561198017059696,Not Recommended,289130,13511797,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,OutlawXtreme,"Crashes constantly, game cheats and advances several turns and places an enemy camp right next to your city and then takes it.  Worthless."
,Not Recommended,289130,13554165,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Apathy,"Has a steep learning curve and very slow start.  There seems be lots of content here, but after 1.5 hours of play I couldn't seem to find any....  I don't remember Civ games being this painfully slow...."
76561197973903142,Not Recommended,289130,13125784,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,brett000,"Basically I found this to be very boring.  Slow pace, combat is all right but basically automated.  A lot of strict micro management.  Overall I just found myself bored with the whole experience."
76561198010796970,Not Recommended,289130,12323366,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,ryan,"First, let me say that I really enjoy the mechanics of the game. It captures the 4X addictiveness and the maps and music and factions are really great.That being said, I ran into two super frustrating bugs in my first game played. One was in the main quest line for the faction I played. The quest line bugged out at like quest #4 so I can't proceed past that point in the story.After that, I decided to just play on and try to win against the other factions. Ran into the second bug at like turn 370. Every third turn, the AI will take literally 20 minutes to finish its turn. Up to this point, the turns will usually take a second or two. I'm on a beefy computer too. quad core 4th gen Intel i7 with 32GB RAM"
,Not Recommended,289130,13424324,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Roach,"I have never written a review before playing the game and seeing if its at least well done in that perspective, but I had such a hard time just getting this game to even start up. I had the newest drivers for all of my devices and the most up to date bios, because I just finished my yearly maint on my computer yesterday. The game still would not start and crash instantly. I read up some troubleshooting some people had to do online such as force the game to run on their dedicated graphics card instead of the onboard but my computer doesn't even have an onboard graphics card. I verified my game cache and tried to do their workaround they posted on their tech support forums by running the game in 32 bit instead of 64bit. Still did nothing and refused to work. I was really close to just getting a refund, when I decided to make an account on their website and voice my frustration on there with a video of my issues. I attached my cd-key to my account to show I had actually bought the game. I decided for the hell of it to try to run the game one more time after registering my cd-key before I went on a rant in their forums. Lo and behold it magicly works now, please let us know we have to actually make an account on your website and register the cd-key before your game will even work. I got so frustrated I don't even want to play the game anymore."
76561198013020221,Not Recommended,289130,20600810,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kjas,When a game is more about money than combat or exploration it quickly becomes tiresome.
,Not Recommended,289130,14813555,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,fenrif,"This is a really fun game. Diiferentiated factions, cool mechanics... Just all around fun to play.But woe unto anyone who tries to play this online. I've tried 5 or 6 times now and every single game has ended with a bug being thrown up, and then us being completely unable to get the game going again. It seems to flat out refuse to resume a saved game.How it won so many awards with a buggy-to-the-point-of-broken multiplayer is beyond me.Anyway, It's a fun game on singleplayer. If you want to play it with friends I'd recommend it only if you get it pretty cheap and are willing to have every match end in dissapointment. Hopefully the devs will fix it up, but for now it's a let down. I'll recommend no with the caveat that if you ONLY want singleplayer then it'd be a yes, but you should probobly wait for a discount."
76561198053784644,Not Recommended,289130,13913685,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,noeway,"This game is a slow ponderous borefest. The combat mechanics are almost non-existent so combat is just boring. You will never have a close battle. You either crush the opponent or he crushes you. The city building mechanics are tedious and boring. The basic premise of this game is that some guy was watching Game of Thrones and liked the opening credits then said ""hey lets make a game with a map like that and where winter is a factor"". Then he made a game with a somewhat cool map and winter being annoying rather than a stategic element. If you are not going for a domination victory and use the automated city managers you can literally have 20-30 turns in a row where you just click the 'end turn' button. Pass on this one."
76561198042628942,Not Recommended,289130,14010235,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,jlrmarin,"I know this game is well-regarded and I purchased it based on high user and critical reviews, but I'm fairly disappointed. A lot of aspects of this simulation are very good - it's not that it doesn't have redeeming qualities. It is, however, a buggy game that confuses pedantry for detail. In particular, the combat system is very, very poor and onerous. Most of the time you'll simply speed up the animation and put it on auto. For a game often touted as a grown up version of Civilzation V, I expected a lot more.Maybe it gets better if you spend hundreds of hours playing it. I don't think that it's worth it, for that kind of time investment you could be playing EUIV or CK2, and if you did want to keep your job and family you could just play Civilization V instead. The combat and unit placing make little to no sense - for example, you can be in a relatively open area next to an ocean, and if you approach an opponent from a certain tile, only two of his eight units will appear. Since the combat has a hilariously arbitrary 6 turn limit before both sides shake hands and decide to break for tea, this can be an issue if you need to destroy an army racing somewhere important (usually either trying to take a city or trying to escape). You'll often see this happen with minor factions that have 3 or more units built up. You'll get a lonely giant, rather than 3 buddies, and you'll just kill them over 3 times.The unit ""design"" system is well intended but often bogs you down. Part of the problem is that when you want to variations of a unit, you can't amalgamate the design at a later date. You might end up with an army with, say, 8 identical units, but they require you to make three different designs for the same unit. For example, if you slap on an accessory that gives your infantry disease immunity because you're fighting bugs on one side of the map, when you bring those anti-bug units over you can't just have them pick up the next infantry upgrade the rest of your army is using.The tech/city-sim aspect of the game is neat. All and all this has to be the most wildly overrated game on Steam, in part a reflection of the strong desire for a more combat heavy / fiction version of Civilization (which Beyond Earth failed to provide, and I suppose one can say that Endless Legend is at the very least better than Beyond Earth).I have to say the combat in this game is a flaming train wreck, however. As simplistic as it is in Civilization, it's more sensical and building an army doesn't feel like an awful chore. If you're really into sims, then you'll probably like Endless Legend. Otherwise, stick to Civilization V, and again, if you really want something meaty and time consuming, the Paradox fare is more appetizing."
76561197963188041,Not Recommended,289130,14170208,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lurper,"The game is pretty, but that's about it. The numbers of turns is limited. When you play the slow game in order to have more turns, all they did was make research, production etc., take 4 times as long. Very disappointing. Also, I played huge worlds trying to have longer games and frequently ended up with AI near me. Overall, very frustrating and disappointing."
,Not Recommended,289130,12255568,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Surg3on-Kash,Nothing interesting has happened in 70 turns... not looking good! Is this game meant for multiplayer only?
76561198137596595,Not Recommended,289130,12233035,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,DanSonOfDirm,"I found the controls really counterintuitive and difficult to figure out, so I kind of gave up. The tutorial really needs a lot of work as it's stubborn and uninformitive."
76561198018791774,Not Recommended,289130,12545314,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,jrichards,"Very buggy.Lame duck AI, quick to declare war, throws all it's units at you, they die, then you walk into their undefended cities.  Thanks for the free cities!I have played through two complete games at the ""serious"" difficulty level and both times war was forced on you and it was a cakewalk to win.  Not a builders game, not a warmongers game.  Just an exercise in beating up weaklings.The combat system is goofy too.  You give your units basic orders (""attack that guy"") then watch the round play out.  Too often units sit there with a thumb up their butt because their target is already dead.  The AI battle moves are entirely too predictable and so it becomes a puzzle in predicting how the round will play out and giving orders accordingly.  Add to that a set of attack/defense stats that pretty much just end up randomly doubling or halving damage (you always ""hit"" just for zero, half, normal, or double damage) and the combat is not at all compelling.  Considering the game is always a combat free for all, that's doubly problematic.Finally, this game series is very focused on multi-player.  If you are a solo player (like me), a lot of how the systems work end up being clunky (like battle).  If Endless Space is any indication, the developers will continually tweak for multi-player and make the AI even more brain dead as they won't be able to handle the changes in the systems (Endless Space became totally unplayable for me as the patches evolved).  I can already see it starting here.If you are a multi-player all of this might work for you.  For a solo player, I recommend waiting for a sale as this game will likely have a short shelf life."
,Not Recommended,289130,12309217,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Paradoxx,"This is a great game.  The mechnics and idea is great. The million bugs, crashes, you fix it your self, try this work around rubbish.There is my verdict. Short and sweet."
76561198020527549,Not Recommended,289130,18305685,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MasterMind,"Its a very ish game and you burn out really quick. Its fun for a while but the lack of a stead community or people to play with is a big issue. I have to give a thumbs down, but it was a close 49/51 split."
76561198034978535,Not Recommended,289130,12225177,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Darkonion,"I like the overall feel of the game.  The different race / faction options have substantial impact on play-style.  Player v. Environment portion of the game has a decent balance, however, the computer player AI seems to be completely defunct.  I'd say the main challenge of this game is learning all the functions of the interface.   Once you know the interface / strategic options there isn't much game or potential challenge remaining.I cannot recommend as-is, but hopefully an enhanced AI package is forthcoming."
76561198014041070,Not Recommended,289130,12283300,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Erebus,This could be a good game if it didn' crash every 5 minutes
76561198012794613,Not Recommended,289130,13242791,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Vurch,"This is a really fun, beautiful, and fun 4X game.  I would love to recommend it.  However, I am one of the players that crashes to desktop often while playing.  It starts out ok for the first hundred turns or so then it begins to crash occasionally--maybe about once every ten turns.  No big deal.  I played PC games in the early 90's when this was the norm.   Then it gets more and more frequent until I get constant crashes and it becomes unplayable.  Sadly, I have not been able to complete a game.  This is the only game I have purchased in the last 10 years that crashes like this.This crashing is discussed on the forums where sometimes people blame certain video cards or the game engine.  There are workarounds suggested to stop the crashing.  However, nothing I have tried has stopped the crashing and I do not think it should be the player's responsibility to spend hours trying to get a game to work.I recommend waiting until the developers address these stability issues before purchasing this game."
76561198006815692,Not Recommended,289130,12828957,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,felconian,I am going to advise people NOT to buy this game! It crashes a hell of alot... I quite enjoy the game but its a bit anoying to restart every few turns!Fix this CTD's ....!
,Recommended,289130,14007488,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,BOT Zooey,this is the type of 4X game that one of the citizens in civilization 5 would be playing after you research computers and get to the information era
,Not Recommended,289130,16749941,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Shyhalu,"The combat in this game and unit movement are some of the dumbest♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever seen done.I don't understand how something so ♥♥♥♥ing stupid gets implemented.  Its pretty much ""everyone goes at once, good luck guessing who is going to do what"" to the point where you just bring more to win rather than attempt to use good tactics.The race AI is terrible as well, they will literally attack you like opportunistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, even if their entire motto is ""Peace"". I was literally told by a peace loving faction that I need to learn the value of peace through war, with no provocation other than they had some troops near a small undefended town and had a few more troops than I did....My mind is blown at the idiocy of this.  That IS NOT A JUSTIFICATION FOR ♥♥♥♥ING WAR.  I wasn't even sharing a god damn border with them.The worse part is needed a resource to make diplomatic trades and declarations.....I literally couldn't kick someone out of my territory because I was 1 influence point short.....which is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.This game had a lot of potential but falls short on almost every aspect.It feels like half of the game was built, from only a handful of factions to a handful of minor factions to only 4 eras of research.Top it all off with unreasonable lag? No seriously....the game just randomly lags at random points and never stops stuttering.....on a ♥♥♥♥ing nvidia 690 and 4 thousand dollar machine.  And it happens EVERY TIME. I literally can not give the game a second chance because it doesn't run smooth for more than a couple hours.This is at best a 5 dollar game, being paraded around by idiots that don't understand quality and are just fascinated at fantasy civilization.I can't recommend it, its extremely frustrating to play.  Just buy civ 5, 100% better."
,Recommended,289130,13427921,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Sp4rkR4t,"They have managed to strike a very careful balance with this one, it's different enough from other 4x games that your standard strategies simply won't apply but the flow of the game is similar enough that you can get straight into it. Also it's bloody gorgeous looking."
76561198006649204,Not Recommended,289130,12220390,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Jabicus,"The combat system in this game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥  Good empire mode but you may as well use auto resolve for all your fights if you want to not just die,"
76561198080816929,Recommended,289130,23844238,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,cgrknctn,"Oh my god! What have I done? my Sunday.... it is... it is gone! my entire Sunday is gone! and there are still so much to do... factions to try... things to learn.... every minute of my day that I don't play Endless Legends, I spent watching videos about Endless Legends...Fellow gamer, It is already to late for me... if you are reading this, you can still save yourself... run... run.. RUN!!!!!!!!!...."
76561198022148163,Not Recommended,289130,16345943,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,stevenschur,"A 4X game.  Well built, but pretty ""blah"".  The combat system introduces all sorts of flaws and abuse, and the rest of the game is nearly identical to any other 4X.  No story whatsoever rounds out a mediocre game.  It isn't bad, it is just uninspired..  Save your time and pick out a different 4X game."
76561197967269095,Not Recommended,289130,14271535,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bender,"Endless boreout...After almost 40h of play it doesn't give me that ""Wait, wait, wait...! Give me a few more turns.""The game looks nice but at a certain moment you don't play with heros or units anymore. You just sit in the cities screen managing your cities. some more food here, some more production there, a bit of gold here, and oh yeah the build queue... And then you just want to rush build everything so the game ends. Thus it becomes an endless bore.When you upgrade the heros weapons, nothing changes visualy they stay the same, in the hero management screen or on the field. But really are weapons upgrade necessary...? Don't really feel they are usefull. And you have, kind of too many similar upgrades but from different materials, nothing that will really give you a serious advantage.The quests are not really interresting, in the end they don't keep you playing the game for that. You get one or two special items after 10 quests? or maybe 15? But nothing really special. Lets say it doens't really intergrate with the gameplay or add anything valuable to the game.I am an avid Civ player ill give you that but I did play some other games like the Warlords series. Now THERE you had some interesting gameplay!The landscapes look good. Overal the game is nicely made but in the end it feels like you bought the game for the eye candy... Like most games, it looks good but it is not worth it, nothing to remember, it is just forgetable not memorable.The music is OK. It is not disturbing or annoying, it is just background music that don't really change when something is happening. Like tension build up or anything like it.I did read a couple of reviews before buying the game but man did I get it wrong. Are those boys and girls paid for making these biased reviews? ""The perfect mix of CivV and Heros of Might and Magic!"" What a loaded sentence that was. Like one can put both games into one and take the best of both? The guy must have been a good seller... I fell for it, after reading his or her pretty promises.Anyways, for 40 Euros, its a waste of the money. They will never improve the gameplay, just grab your money and run away from this game!"
76561197974634162,Not Recommended,289130,23291439,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,istari101,"I really wanted to like this one -- the aesthetic, the lore, and the soundtrack are all top-notch -- but combat is so bad. It's a real shame, since so many of the game's other systems have a ton of promise, but combat is a needlessly clunky, and oftentimes bizzarely half-baked chore.I'm still glad I picked this up during a sale for ~$10, since I feel that the soundtrack alone is worth that much, but this is still a major disappointment."
76561198047289309,Recommended,289130,23353183,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,crocidile90,"I loved Endless Space and I love this game even more, while I haven't had any recent session with it (I priorities grades over game time mostly) I have played this more than Endless Space dispite getting it two years before getting this game. This game and the faction quest feel like you are in an epic being told with stories of Glorious victories, tradgic defeats and the struggle to survive.Positives:Beautiful looking (dispite on lowest graphics)Very strategic, in city spots and army compositionFun faction questsAn Interactive Dev (actually responded to my post in the beta in regards to a glitch I found)Sound track, only two words to describe, On Point.Balanced and unique races (nothing is OP, and if so, they have a weakness that can be devistating if exploited)Environment is amazing and tactical as well (suck it Necrophages, you can't get to my dust bishop that are on top of this cliff >:D)Negatives:Minimum spec requirements make laptop playing....problematic at worstSound track while beautiful, can get repeatitive just like in Endless Space but, I mainly played Broken Lords (with any subsantial time) so I might be missing out on the other races default music.AI: The city manager AI is ok...i guess; when it comes to trading and treaties (mostly trades in tech) are douches as they even when I have 3 full stack of veteran units with a max level leader and 5 more full stacks in cities for reserves and I own halve the starting continent and with 60% control and expanding on the other one, think that a teir 4 tech from me is a slightly better than ok trade for a teir 2 tech I didn't bother researching. Also the Roving clan AI market blocking me 5 turns after we meet, can go ♥♥♥♥ itself.Multiplayer? Never experienced it (i.e.♥♥♥♥♥♥laptop with less power than a bootleg, kind of my fault for not giving parents specs but hey, beggers can't be choosers, so stay in school and get a good job kids), anyone with less than stable connection or poor computer ""power"" might find some problems and with no turn timer (from what I have seen of MP ""let's plays"") turns can gets stupidly long.All in all, this game is worth it, though get it on sale because the DLC added on can get pricy but on its own, is worth every penny."
,Recommended,289130,22310732,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Blitz4,"OPTIONS:* Check 'Mute sound when game in background'* Fantastic Video Quality* Disable fullscreen* 1080p resolutionSave & ExitSet Steam launch options: -popupwindowTrue Borderless Window Fullscreen and doesn't take your mouse or speakers prisoner. This is the way all games should do it! You can enjoy anything you want to watch on your second monitor, maybe even a video or stream of Endless Legend!The game is fantastic BTW !"
,Not Recommended,289130,15422910,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,deadpeasants,"Try to launch a single player game, gets stuck in ""connecting to network"". crashes.Try to join a game, shows no games or servers.Too bad. I really wanted to buy this game. if it don't work during the free weekend. Doubtful it'll work if I buy it.Bummer."
76561197969893764,Recommended,289130,11976682,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Gomoto,"This is not a game about tactical battles. I expected the battles to be similar to CIv 5 when I looked at the screenshots. But this is not the case. I prefer to play this game with auto battle resolution and this is no bad thing here.This is a very enjoyable empire builder game with the focus on decision making and exploring. Which technologies do you skip and what do you research first? How fast do you expand your controlled regions and cities? How much money do you put in your defenses? Do you strive for peace or war? There are many alternate paths to victory and I enjoy the faction diversity.In my first game I was a little disappointed with the crispness of the graphics, but thankfully this was only due to the low graphics settings that are selected by default. So my advice, crank up the settings before your first game.I stayed up late for my first game and could not wait to get up in the morning to continue my next one. Last time this happend to this extend was with Civ II many years ago. So my verdict: highly recommended!"
,Not Recommended,289130,14649173,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Edorian,"Great ideas, bad implementation.I love the innovation in this game, the interface is so much cleaner than CIVs and the game allows for a lot more agency. Sadly it takes many MINUTES between each turn while the cpu decides to move a single unit which makes it completly and uttlerly unplayable.Games that should an hour take 5 and all that time is spend waiting starring at the screen where nothing happens"
,Recommended,289130,18257029,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Elaine,"I could section this in a pros and cons list but there's too much grey area so here goes.-The game is drop dead gorgeous, the art, the music and the atmosphere are simply beatiful.-The winter cycle is innovative but not perfect. It's best points are also it's worst offenses.-The lore is deep but more plot holes will appear over time with each new piece of dlc they try to tack on.-The battles/armies are cool but seem woefully underwhelming in size. Only a few unit types to choose from for each faction also.-The economy leaves much to be desired.-No aquatic faction(more of an annoyance to me really and nothing to warn you off of the game)-Now the BIGGEST problem that plagues this game, really all of AMPLITUDES games(except dungeon probably), is the painfully stupid AI. For all the games graphical superiority it lacks just as much in the AI department. The AI is prone to doing odd things from only colonizing a few territories and spamming the same unit to never actually sailing the oceans in some cases. Once played a game were everybody but me was destroyed by roaming armies and won by default.-Diplomacy while not bare bones also suffers from AI stupidity. Really it's almost laughable how bad it can get. Endless legend has the same problem. One minute the AI is buddy buddy with me the next their out to wipe me off the map as soon as they get a small lead. Never trust the Ai. Once you start that game just be aware that no one in the game is a potential ally and will always backstab at any moment no matter how friendly you are.The game is good for what it is but beyond the vibrant colors and animation lies a VERY shallow strategy mechanic."
76561198103860896,Recommended,289130,23990249,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Apriori,Great great game for those of you who have a penchant for min maxing strategy game. A unique breed in 4X space due to the fantasy element. Have been enjoying it to the expense of my sleep time :)
,Recommended,289130,23991033,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mad Sweeney,"In short, I think it is very fun and compelling. I really enjoy almost all the factions, they are very varied in gameplay, lore and  overall design and the quests differentiate it a fair amount from Civ. The main downfall is that you don't really interact with other factions too much unless you want their stuff, and there is a little bit of uncessisary busy work and micro management. Despite this, it is a very good value game, and a must buy on sale."
,Not Recommended,289130,18517260,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,5 Bears On Patrol,Developer ♥♥♥♥ed over their customers - no port.
,Recommended,289130,9929783,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Canvasbody,"Amazing game for a Beta can't wait for the full game to come out--Update 5/17/14---After many hours of playing this game, I still find this game to be very addicting. Each patch update just makes the experience that much better. The voting process of bringing in other factions and hero's was a great plus that we were able to have a hand in the expansion of the game play.If you are a fan of games like Civ or Risk you'll defiantly enjoy this game, I also kinda of find a old FF (Final Fantasy) feel to the game wit the turn based battles."
76561198041193774,Recommended,289130,9929136,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Alpha Apex,Great game so far looking forword to further down the line
,Recommended,289130,29908704,Posted: 13 February,all,[Radpc] ~,it has nice music
,Recommended,289130,15420557,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Epoch,"Good Strategy game, similar to Civ, some would say better, Free this weekend to try on Steam."
,Recommended,289130,23752286,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,IronSyndicate,"A fantastic, deep, engaging 4X game.A good 4X is really hard to pull off well, and few manage to hit all the notes required. In that regard, Endless Legends is a symphony."
,Recommended,289130,23680212,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Mister Meeseeks,"Pros:-nice style of graphics-factions are not just aesthetic, they completely change your strategy-AI isn't automatically angry at you just for being alive like in Civ-Good combat systemCons:-LONGGGGGG games-Perma Winter after long enough-AI expands ridiculously fastoverall 69/69 would recommend"
,Recommended,289130,14787116,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,boog,Better than Civ: Beyond Earth.
76561198057460642,Recommended,289130,23218620,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Squidship,gnam'd it. darn tasty too.
,Recommended,289130,23458639,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,riccardo.91dz,"I've been playing this game offline far more than the 9 hours online signed over there.Reminds a lot of Civilization games, but I think the only similarities are the hexagonal pattern and the technological development of your civ.THE LORE IS VERYVERYVERYVERY INTERESTING. It expands the one of the previous games about the legend of the Endless, and adds a lot of particulars in this strange magic-technology-medieval based game.But the most strange and good thing at the same time is that this lore, during the campaing, is in... your hands.Pro:-you could actualy spend hours in this game for every faction and his unique lore, traits, troops, ecc.-The graphics are wonderful to see.-the battle system is particular and original.-a lot of choices could be made to get your empire stronger (during gameplay and also before starting it, reshaping a faction own traits for example).-wonderful options to set the map strarting conditions (water presence high-low, mountains presence a lot-few, rounded or notched continents, etc).-thrilling use of the resources: you have to carefully think how and how much to build.Cons:-poor diplomacy system for some factions; during gameplay with these factions you could actualy never open the diplomacy screen. The good thing perhaps is that you won't miss it with that factions because of their military forces.-no boats: a pity, mostly because you could chose to start in a map with a lot of water. Think that there will be in the next game..?-Heroes that are bowmen are just bowmen and can use just long range weapons (they can not chose to use meele weapons and shields; the same thing for meele heroes); althoughs many of them are depicted with meele weapons in their picture, funny thing so :D.I highly recommend this game! It worth its price for sure!"
76561198118113189,Recommended,289130,25027604,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Åtten,Really fun strategy game
,Recommended,289130,25036907,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The Iron Marshal,"gud game. bots are unfair at times but fun when playing with friends, if you can get any to play with."
,Recommended,289130,29378182,Posted: 20 January,all,Western Prinny,Very nice
,Recommended,289130,31204326,Posted: 17 April,all,kumipuukko,"Very cautious recommend... and then only when it is at a decent bargain price.Note, I have only played single-player.Shorter version:""Civ""-type game players should feel almost at home, nice graphics, very stable (with apparently a minor memory leak), UI has its good and bad sides (still usable), some nice game design choices, some bad game design choices, some bugs (e.g. quests getting into unfinishable state). Certainly entertaining for a while, but can become ragequit-annoying when noticing at turn 284 that the game had gone to to-be-stuck quest path at turn 40.Longer version:The game certainly has nice graphics, and first game for me that can do resolution and windowed vs. fullscreen mode switches the way it should be done, with absolutely no hiccups or blinking, at any time.  But then again, all the nice graphics details makes the view sometimes quite cluttered, making difficult to spot important things.It obviously draws a lot from older ""civ""-style games, but has thrown in plenty of its own things, too. Some of those of own things are interesting and make good game play experience, but some of the game design choices are pretty bad. Most of the bad ones can be mostly ignored or worked around, once you learn about them. For example, the battles are fought in a very limited area (and also limited time), and this has made it necessary to have quite low movement speeds and attack ranges, which leads (during early game and/or with small armies) to a balance where ranged units basically just get one extra attack in the begin. Sometimes not even that. This makes e.g. the Vaulters early game a bit more challenging.But do note that some of the bad design choices can not be avoided or worked around by the player, giving occasional annoyances during otherwise decent gameplay. For example, while it is turn based, movement happens simultaneously, leading to quite hectic moments at the start of turns when all players move their units, trying to catch/flee/maneuver with enemies at multiple fronts... and then the game throws a huge popup about this or that just when you were trying to make that crucially timed unit move. (Popups can be toggled off, but still, they should have been defaulted to off, or have small popups on the side, or whatnot.)The gameplay is somewhat slow, and I am not referring to me playing at the slowest mode. However, the game's design leads to quite reduced number of units/armies and cities to be manipulated, so it balances out to roughly something comparable to civ games. Point being, with a bit of UI-related tuning, the game could play quite a bit faster, too.Some things are explained very unclearly to the player, leaving him/her wondering what is exactly needed by a quest, or what exact effect will something have. If one turns out to like this game and plays it many times through, those unclear things will be learned, and naturally things get easier on this regard.The UI also lacks some rather obvious needs for e.g. tooltips, or ability to open the tooltip in a way that allows checking further information for the tooltip's data. For example, seeing a colored region, i.e. some player has control of it, I have not found a way to figure out which player it is, other than comparing the color to the colors seen in diplomacy screen. No tooltips, no hover info, no clickable things to reveal who/what that other player is quickly on the main view.The UI and some texts should get/have gotten a few week more of massaging, but since it has been over two years after release and it hasn't been done yet, I'm not expecting this part to get ever better.Game has been very stable (no crashes or other glitches), but it does have its bugs, both in game logic and at lower level.Apparently it has some kind of memory leak, looking at the game's memory usage growing from 3.5GB to 6GB in less than hour, though usually it grows much more slowly. Luckily, I have plenty RAM so I can keep playing and just occasionally restart. Also, certain game events can make the UI very laggy, but it solves itself after handling those events.The game design flaws on the other hand can be quite the showstoppers, like Vaulter main quest having bugs that can leave the quest stuck/unfinishable. And apparently it is even somewhat old known bug (at least judging from google results), so...I will likely (barely) enjoy this game for one playthrough this time, and will possibly return in few months for another round, and that will be it. (So, it will be likely worth the lower discounted price I paid.)"
76561198047489593,Recommended,289130,25694142,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,123,4X is Love!!:) beat CIV anytime of the day.
,Recommended,289130,32912377,Posted: 27 June,all,beaglemaster,Fantastic Game
76561198091350526,Recommended,289130,34856134,Posted: 10 September,all,Only_Chins,Worth every penny.
76561197974286795,Recommended,289130,20572031,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,jhunch,"Great game, I would highly recommend purchasing if you like games like Civ."
,Recommended,289130,19167484,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,LewdGeek©,This Game is just really sick this is a Civilization-Like but in the Endless Universe (Endless Universe is the universe that Endless Legend and Dungeon of the Endless are built.) but the Combat Mode is more tactic and you can have Heroes and equip them with a really nice arsenal that you can find or craft. So if you like Civilization 5 this game is for you and you will really gonna love it.
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,289130,22592699,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SilentButDeadly,"I'm not sure why this game got such good reviews. Yes, it has a variety of interesting units and different win conditions. But it's so boring! Over 2 hours basically nothing interesting happened - the AI didn't attack me, the wandering monsters never posed any actual threat, new research was incremental improvements to stuff I already had. In Civilization 4 by this point I would have already been competing for interesting resources that affect my unit power, possibly gone to war, and at least felt under threat by the AI."
76561198049801693,Recommended,289130,22346413,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Deathwing,"Endless Legend is a superb strategy game. It's a lot like Civilization. It's turn-based, isometric view of a big map which is divided in provinces. You can build only one city per province but then you can grow the city around it's initial hexagon. The map is divided in small hexagons on which you move your units. You then expand and conquer your enemies or aim for another victory condition such as diplomacy or research. There's trade and many resources scattered on the map. There aren't many negative things to say about Endless Legend.  The battles are turn-based, can be automated, are played on the map itself but you do lack a bit of control during the battle I would say. Here are some of the best features:- The game is very immersive, with beautiful graphics, an excellent soundtrack and an overall sense of unity in the game. It's addictive.- Each unit in the game has a paperdoll, meaning that you can really equip and adapt units in a very precise manner. You can't equip bows on your infantry but you can equip magical helmets on that infantry unit for instance. Normal units also have accessory slots for further customizing.- Heroes level up and can either govern a city or command an army. Every military unit levels up. You can also hire new heroes.- There is an automatic history graph of your progress and it's detailed and has multiple Comparison points.- There is a sweet balance between expanding and managing the overall happiness of your empire. And this forces you to research, extract resources and build improvements to expand.- Technology is divided into eras and the technologies are all very creative and part of the overall game theme - The Endless.- The music and graphics are just as they should be: captivating and making you feel like ""1 more turn...""A must try for civ and 4x fans."
76561198144740179,Recommended,289130,22307208,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SebBot,If you like civ 5 but you're not that keen on history then I suggest this is the game for you even though it calls you a coward for closing it
,Recommended,289130,22325492,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,daedalus,"this game is endless and it's also legendaryi can't stop playing this, this is amazing!10/10"
76561198073686952,Recommended,289130,24623027,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Sheepish,Like a world civ but in fantasy setting. Very fun and easy to understand.
,Recommended,289130,18256495,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,seaofthesky,it ended
76561198065308104,Recommended,289130,16981810,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,100percentBEAST,Endless Legend? More like ENDLESS GAME LOL. I really love this game but man if....you dont have patience...and i mean....a LOT of patience..........do not buy this. A multiplayer game can take up to 6 hours. think about that....you have lunch at 12 and by the time you're done playing it's dinner time.
,Recommended,289130,17095612,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,AyGeeee,"GR8 GAME  MUCH DEEPER THAN CIV, ALTHOUGH IT LACKS A CERTAIN SIMPILICITY WHICH MAKES CIV 5 MULTIPLAYER MORE ENTERTAINING"
,Recommended,289130,13936347,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sergent F.L,"DAY 1: THIS GAME IS SOOOOO BORING, TOO LAZY TO PLAY THE TUTORIAL......DAY 2: I CANT STOP, NEED HELP.....................DAY 3: ..........NEED......SLEEP............DAY 4:..."
,Recommended,289130,22300477,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Paul Atreides,end turn
76561198072653516,Recommended,289130,24678705,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,NoH.Parad0X,"I like this game a lot, and if you play, start out with the drakken. They have a very strong army and can force peace. I think they should become weaker, but they are still good. The AI is great and I love changing my soldiers equipment."
76561198298015860,Recommended,289130,24738326,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Sky_Lynx,"Endless Legend: ShiftersBest DLC ever, totaly worth its price.Winter is now season for travelling and exploration. Pearl fits the balance and adds new ways to make your race the leader.Winter race for pearl is thrilling, espesially at the beginning. But beware: now minor fractions recieve huge bonus to attack in winter and they can cause - and they will cause! - a heavy day for careless explorer.Allayi are super cute. If you wanna your girlfriend start playing strategies, just show her art with Allayi and tell pre-story of their main quest - and she will rush to save baties and Mother Auriga. :)"
76561198011724096,Recommended,289130,22304333,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dralord,"Very addictive, I would say I better like this than CivilisationVery good idea from the devlopper to mix civilisation with a fantastic strategic rpg"
,Recommended,289130,22297149,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Deja Vu,Better than Civ 510/10 worth
,Recommended,289130,22377076,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Ruiner,"While I enjoy the gameplay elements greatly, what continues to draw me back is the feeling I get while playing. The original setting, the music, the implied story behind the narrative, it all builds a vessel that transports you somewhere else.Gameplay feels like a fun mixture of Civ and Sword of the Stars on a topologically interactive hex grid. The lack of initiative in model movement can sometimes cause issues for close hostile interaction. For example: AI units such as roaming tribal armies will take their full movement action running circles around or into a settler, while said settler still has their movement unused. A hex-by-hex simultaneous move would improve this without introducing a new mechanic.The writing was notably high quality with several DLC that introduces ever expanding stories and emergent narratives. While the DLC can become costly, each piece makes the game feel more complete and lends significant replayability.If anyone is still on fence about this title feel free to message me."
,Recommended,289130,15472114,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Mayverick,in a game you building a builds and then attacks the bad guy and sometimes ataack good guy because you start at war with good guy?? but good guy get mad and Tier Two War® you so you get ripped. so dont attack good guy even tho u can.
,Recommended,289130,22361922,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,LostHope,10/10How can a game be this fun?
,Recommended,289130,16454552,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Basilgarrad,great has game
,Recommended,289130,23615268,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,LOGAN,"Some different rules and mechanics than you're used to in the Civ games, makes it fun and interesting in another 4X game."
76561198073716844,Recommended,289130,23668069,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ErikG,It's an amazing game!It's got all the turn base strategie elements I like.
76561198057251142,Recommended,289130,9950373,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,SaintLucce,I Do Recommend This Fckin Amazing Game!
,Recommended,289130,9948998,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Biderdu,10/10
76561198006136281,Recommended,289130,23543216,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Aether,"This game really surprised me. I was expecting a carbon copy of Civ and I was pleased to find that Endless Legend has its own style of play that is rather unique. I really love the way combat works. It becomes a sort of minigame where you can actually direct your armies and use the environment to your advantage. It could use a bit more fine tuning to really take advantage of this sort of style, but it was still a lot of fun. I also really like the questing mechanic. However, the city management felt very murky and random to me. I never felt like I was actually building some great civilization, all my cities were more like a means to an end rather than an enjoyable part of the game in and of themselves. Still recommend this game, it is a lot of fun to play, but it dries out a bit fast and I feel like it could have been more than it was. Endless Legend tried to do a bunch of different things instead of just focusing on one and doing a really good job, in the end, that meant that it ended up just being pretty good all around."
76561197993742386,Recommended,289130,13419210,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,flyingshovel,"The best 4X I've played in years.Some innovative mechanics, amazing factions, good AI."
76561197977202568,Recommended,289130,13819931,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Junker-2047-,"Endless Legend is an enjoyable fantasy turn-based strategy game that would benefit from some bug squashing and performance optimization. The playable factions are unique and fun to play. While there is not a campaign in this game, each faction has its own quest line that you can choose to play through in your custom games. Quests, including the faction line, are rather redundant with similar objectives. The faction quest line differs in the story it tells, however, and these stories do a nice job of immersing the player in the game's lore. The static art is also great, and serves as the driving force behind technology and unit representation in the game. Aside from the major factions in the game, there are several minor factions that can be pacified and assimilated into your kingdom, providing an empire bunis and an extra unit avaialable for production.The game's map is one of the most beautiful in the business. Minute details give way to a hand-drawn artistic representation of the map as you zoom out. Battles are turn-based and take place on the map itself in a chess-like fashion. You can opt to auto resolve or spectate battles if you don't want to micro manage the fights. Endless Legend places greater emphasis on city management and expansion rather than army building and unit growth.Performance issues hinder an otherwise delightful game. Random bugs, especially tied to unit movement, pop up in almost every game. I have not experienced any crashes thus far. The game really starts to chug along as more of the map is revealed and the load times between turns grows to about 15-20 seconds in late game (on a system that far exceeds the recommended requirements). This gets tiresome, especially since everything from menus to clicking/scrolling with the mouse starts to bog down around the same time.Overall, I can recommend this game if you can pick it up for around $20. It offers some unique mechanics that are also seen in the developer's other franchise, Endless Space.Endless Legend rating - 7/10PROS+Beautiful graphics, music,  and art.+Unique and plentiful factions.+Fun gameplay that balances war and empire building.+Summer/winter transitions offer immersion.CONS-Bugs and performance issues hinder the player's experience.-No developed quick battle option that offers more than immediate number updates.-No campaign mode.-Redundant and boring quests that get old after the first time."
,Recommended,289130,13076708,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Jules Walther,"One of my favorite, fourty hours of fun and discovery. ^^I recommand it."
76561198063042245,Not Recommended,289130,20608309,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,civiguy20,"Horrible game, first i played for maybe 30 minuites and was perety fun i guess then warnings popped up and game would not let me even play it. I tryed to figure out to no avail. Then i requested a refund and it was not granted because 3 hours were logged into it, First i only played 30 minuits and the rest was  logged as it was idle me trying to fix the freakin game now im stuck whith a game i cant play due to ITS software and wasted thrirty dollars. DO NOT BUY COSTOMER SUPPORT IS ALSO TRASH, all they looked at was the loged hours they dont bother to even look at notes so steam get your act togther jesus."
,Recommended,289130,16159991,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Jack Reaver,"I would have to reccomend this game higly so. It is a breath of fresh air into the 4X gaming community. Big changes from any Civ game you would have ever played when it comes to technology or how cities work. The fighting in this game is long but it's more enjoyable than watching simple animations playing out between strong unit and stronger unit. Manual controll if you are compitent will always be better than auto however it does take a good chunk of time. The races in the game are very unique even with a race that plays well (much better than Venice) and can keep up with the other races. Like Civ games you can buy out buildings but you do not get them the turn you buy them, in that way so you can't rush build if you weren't paying attention to your borders and didn't notice a army. You must wait at least one turn before bought items take effect taking up likely 1-0 production so that the building after wil use what's left to finish on it. Your race has only 5 units and only 4 are buildable or customizable. Militia is the only one you cannot customize the rest being Settlers your archer, support, flying, calvery, and/or ifantry and as you are thinking you can't have them all. You can however get the others by taking over small villages of minor factions in your territory than taking them into your civilization allowing you to build their one unit which is usually more powerful than faction units. You will also gain a bonus depending on the minor faction. Earlier I mentioned customization, you will be giving your units armor, weapons, and accesories which improve their skills but cause them to cost more production and depending on the type it will cost a certain material. You will also have hero units to customize, eahc of them will act as an ambassidor or a general in your army which will be all in one stack in this game. You cna level them to buff your army or buff your city so you really cna specify what they can or should be. Heroes can also equip hero only items unlocked by the quest system in the game or what can be found in ruins which can lead to the quest system. Of course you can win my domination science, expansion, diplomacy, or the faction quest. I'll let you figure out the rest on victories. Note you do have a good amount of customization of the world you will be playing on. You also may create your own custom faction with basic customization on talents and what you want to be your base faction. Unfortunatly you cannot customize the quest or units on the Custom faction you just get the base units. There is a Winter system in the game, during the season practically everything will decrease by at least 1 and food production will be cut in half. Each time you discover 9 different technologies you will advance to the next era like Civ but you will not be directed through branches, instead you can select any tech you want but believe me it's hard to get them all so just get what you need if possible and go to the next.In the end this game was extremely enjoyable for as you might be thinking from this review and I hope if you do choose to buy Endless Legend that you will find equal enjoyment in the product."
,Recommended,289130,19465789,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Itchy.de,"This is a review where I would want a ""maybe"" button instead of simple yes/no.The bad news first: the AI in Endless Legend sucks. ""Hard"" and higher difficulty levels only make the AI 'cheat' a lot, meaning it gets boosts towards production, science etc. However, the AI still does little with its advantage. It declares war on the player, but instead of sending a massive invasion force, the AI only sends small armies, one after another that get butchered. The same picture when defending. It is way too easy to make the AI spread out its troops. Instead of setting up a line of defense and holding it, armies can be easily lured away. The stupid AI's behavior extends to diplomacy, too. The AI declares war for no reason (e.g. the empires have no common border and the attacking AI is surrounded by other enemy empires), breaks alliances and peace treaties seemingly randomly. I never did multiplayer, but if that is what you seek, then buy this game. I can image it is a lot of fun when the stupid AI is replaced by human players.But there is a lot of good stuff in the game. I really like the ""one city per region"" concept (4X game creators out there: this is definitely a feature to copy!). The available factions are allverydifferent, with some nice special abilities. There is enough variation in the game in terms of heroes, units, resources, technology and quests (though some quests are bugged and cannot be completed unless you know how to avoid the bugs. This is pretty bad for a game that has seen alot of patches). Both graphics and music are decent for the genre and the GUI is ok, too.All in all the game could have been awesome. Unfortunately, its faults make it only pretty solid 4X.6.5/10."
,Recommended,289130,14508870,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Chronotope,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Endless Legend is unbelievably good. It is everything I wished that Beyond Earth had been. Absolutely the best game from 2014 I've played yet. Civ 5 and Beyond Earth are officially crap, I'm uninstalling them forever.This is finally a modern game that's as good as Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri™."
76561197996595222,Recommended,289130,12324879,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,kujghoiyg
76561198031960167,Recommended,289130,9929115,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Vivaldist,"Game is in early alpha currently, which means its buggy and missing lots of features. Still, whats there looks like its gonna be a great game.Edit: Now that the game is out, I have to say that I've found it very enjoyable. I still have to say I enjoy Endless Space more, but that being said this game is a lot of fun and for a decent price too."
76561198009705869,Recommended,289130,9935781,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Darque,"Immediate engrossment.  Before I knew it, it was almost dawn! The game does crash on occasion, but bein an early release, that is expected. I can't wait until more features are added to the game."
,Recommended,289130,34742893,Posted: 4 September,all,Hawkwood,Ojalá tener segunda vida para poder tirarla a la ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jugando a esto.
76561198036037937,Recommended,289130,9935677,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Josh,10/10this.is what civ should have been.
76561198145219090,Recommended,289130,23979690,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,CaptainCoochie,its no civilization but its alright...however i experinced a crash with the settlers that cause my settlers unselectable and i can save the game. so the 2 hours i spent on the game has been wasted. other than that the game is great
,Recommended,289130,29483840,Posted: 25 January,all,krallig bruning,It's okay.
76561198079440776,Recommended,289130,15423416,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Burrito the Cat,"First things first, I do not have the game, I have only played this when it was free for a couple days, and I wish I have heard of this sooner! If you liek games like the Civilization Series, then this game is for you. I LOVE this game because of all the features that are in it. You can upgrade your troops with weapons from diffrent tiers and made out of various materials! The game is very smooth and I have nothing bad to say about this game. This game is really worth it, and I would get it right now if I were you. I hope I can get this game soon!"
,Recommended,289130,22331671,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,RazzleDazzleDorito,awsome truly amazing so fun like civ but with a fantasy element
,Recommended,289130,20272544,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Aeratos,"Ok so we have Civ 5 and Beyond Earth and we have Endless, Civ 5 is awsome game..... Endless is LEGEND game!"
76561198014666590,Recommended,289130,15623557,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Warstrich,"I've lost nights of sleep to this. Basically can't fight the ""just one more turn"" impulse. Plus, vampiric ghosts acting as valorous knights. You can't top that, kid."
76561198016479032,Recommended,289130,25990644,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Moondrake,"I am a LONG time fan of turn-based 4X games. I played Civ I and II to death (never cared much for III, IV, or V though) and I still play Master of Magic and the first two Master of Orion games. As a 30 year fan of the 4X genre, I've really tried to like this game. It has some really interesting ideas as well as some stinky little quirks. I originally gave the game a thumbs down review, but I think that does it a bit of a disservice.My biggest issue is the way the game begins. Like all 4X games that are based off of resources, building your first city near the game's special tiles (called anomolies) is really important. Unfortunately, in Endless Legend you practically HAVE to put your first city within your first turn's movement range, regardless of the terrain or the presence of any decent place to start a city. If you can't get to a decent location, you are pretty much forced to restart the game, which is complicated by the utter lack of some sort of 'restart' option. Other games of this sort often use a ctrl-n to restart with the current game settings on a new map. Another option would have been that the game would remember what the last settings were when you started a new game. For some completely inexplicable reason neither option is provided, so if you get a bad start you have to reset everything manually to start a new game with your last settings. In my first 50 hours of play time I got a grand total of two starts that were worth playing beyond the first turn. There have been many occasions when I've tried to play, but instead quit to play something else after spending a boring 15-20 minutes restarting over and over.The second issue is the combat system, which is pretty strange. The stances are about 1/3 implemented. The Defensive stance shouldn't ever be used unless auto-resolving the battle against a superior force. Why would you do that? Battles have to be resolved within six turns, and a little randomness when calculating outcomes can allow some of your units to avoid engagement long enough to survive what would normally be a total defeat. It shouldn't ever be used in a manual fight because there's no way to tell where a unit in Defensive stance might try to go, which can really screw things up. The Aggressive stance isn't much better. Whether auto-resolving or manually fighting, it should only be used when your forces can overwhelm the enemy quickly enough to prevent any of your units from getting gravely injured or killed. The issue with the Aggressive stance is that when an aggressive unit's target is killed by another unit, it often dashes forward in bloodthirsty mindlessness to attack a different target, giving the enemy a prime opportunity to kill them. If the two forces are somewhat close in strength, you should manually fight and almost exclusively use the Hold Position stance. Units will only move where you tell them to go and they'll stay where you put them, allowing you to employ effective tactics and battle formations. Since the Hold Position stance is the only practical choice for nearly every battle, it makes you wonder why the hell the other two stances are even there.The game map is beautiful. It has a very contemporary art style and is covered with sparkly anomolies and glittering ruins. One of the biggest strategic decisions you'll make during the game is how to best take advantage of the resources on the map while also expanding your cities in an efficient manner. City tiles will level up and become more productive if properly bounded by other city tiles. This means that there are really only a couple of efficient city configurations and the trick is how to use those configurations while also taking advantage of the most resources.There are quite a few different races available and they all feel distinct from one another. They each have a different 'story' that is uncovered via the completion of missions. Other missions also appear regularly and are generally enjoyable, though some are so ridiculously difficult or expensive, or the reward is so meager, that you'll wonder why anybody would ever bother with them.The tech tree is large and quite complex. Knowing when to research the technologies necessary to solve a particular problem or meet a specific objective can literally determine success or failure, though the beginning techs are so foundational that you will seldom deviate from researching them in the same order from game to game.The way the season changes is rather unique to Endless Legend. When Winter comes, the effects are quite dramatic, lowering production rates and slowing movement on the map. If unprepared, Winter can be financially devastating, though some of the races are affected differently than others. It is an interesting mechanic, although I have to admit that I don't really like it much.Managing the output of your empire through the manipulation of tax rates and city production is also quite complex. I can't help but compare Endless Legend to the Civilization games. In Civilization you typically have four things to juggle... food, gold, science, and production. Endless Legend has you juggling what they call FIDSI... food, industry, dust, science, and influence. It feels like it is a lot more complicated to keep everything working well in Endless Legend than it is in other 4X games, but it could be that I just need more experience with it. Both games also have a happiness mechanic but the one in Endless Legend is absolutely brutal. Unhappiness can literally bring all your growth and production to a halt, which means you have to closely manage your expansion. The pacing also feels slower in Endless Legend.So, if you can get a game started, and you know about the uselessness of 2/3 of the combat stances, it can be quite enjoyable and satisfying. As a result, I've decided to change my original thumbs down recommendation."
,Recommended,289130,19303971,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Kachiko,one more turn... one more turn...
,Recommended,289130,13642112,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Seg_x,Yes.
76561197978714586,Recommended,289130,25135609,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,KannedFarU,"On paper this game sounds like a dream come true. Civilization with heroes, quests and a great interface. The reality is that it's mostly half realized. Boring quests that are often too tedious for me to invest in. The heroes perk tree only really matters early in the game. But the interface is pretty good I'll give it that.I guess what really irks me is that I find the end game cities to be too OP. The end game can be summed up by 1 word: stalemate. You can't really lose and you can't really win. There's no super weapons to turn the tide. You just have armies of probably low level units that have no chance in gaining any ground at all.If you like playing a 4x RTS that requires an aggressive expansion strategy and games only last a few hours then this game is probably for you. Otherwise, if you like a 4x RTS that lasts for days/weeks/months (dare I say years?) and has interesting end game just go classic and get Civ or maybe Sins of a Solar Empire if you're into that."
76561198040772865,Recommended,289130,16750195,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Rune,For the first time in foreeevverrr.Civilization is in second place. haha
76561198107068520,Recommended,289130,23953693,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pombruv,Brilliant game. Much better than Civ 5 in every way. I just wish I'd discovered this game sooner. No complaints at all and I recommend Endless Legend to anyone who enjoys RPG/Strategy/4x.
,Recommended,289130,20238058,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Simon,Why the hell is civ more popular than this
,Recommended,289130,12195254,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,dreams die young,Honestly amazing.
,Recommended,289130,14825793,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Nych,If you don`t like Civilization franchise then you better buy this game. Quick turns and easy to learn. Fits perfectly for LAN:)
76561198019962929,Recommended,289130,13263611,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Collect Corn,"If Civ Beyond Earth was less like Civ V and didnt have so much environmentalist propaganda, It could be as good as this game."
,Recommended,289130,13497077,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Big Chewy™,"This is a great game.   The graphics are fantastic.  The maps are beautiful and the gameplay is solid and fun.  I am a fan of empire management and tactical combat .. this game combines both very well.  This is part RPG, part RTS, and part 4X ... its new and fresh in its approach.   Pick this one up!It's a BIg Chewy - 8/10"
,Recommended,289130,16164978,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Logicbomb,Very fun Strategy game that has lots of the normal things you typically find in this genere but they do it all so well.  Don't miss out on this if your fan of 4X or  strategy games like Civ or AOW.
,Recommended,289130,12191026,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Jackal'D,"Great tactical game, all about managing your own empire with a fantasy theme. Very intense and immersive, 9/10."
,Recommended,289130,13006188,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Inquisitioner,"Forget about Endless Space & Civ Beyound, this is what you're looking for. With turn-based battle sequences upon attacking an enemy army using the very map around you and heroes that you select, spec by level and equip all by your own choice. Cities and research are included within the standard we're all used to."
76561198035101267,Recommended,289130,13412361,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,starsoulsoup,Beautiful game.  Causes my laptop to overheat and turn itself off.
,Recommended,289130,24991677,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,EL SUPER BEASTO,"Fun and deep 4X game. The seasons and battle mechanics really make this game fun and interesting, and the DLCs are worth getting."
76561198043269283,Recommended,289130,25853707,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Darktys501,( •_•)( •_•)>⌐■-■(⌐■_■)[̲̅$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$̲̅]
76561197999551377,Recommended,289130,25983091,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Nozmordre,One of the best 4X game's I've played. Definate reccomendation from me.
,Recommended,289130,26008251,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Captain Titus,"Take civilization then make it good. Thats what this game is, it builds on everthing civilization had and made 10X better :)"
,Recommended,289130,27911061,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,R10T5,Kinda Good-Too Much Fantasy-Notbad AI
,Recommended,289130,29378578,Posted: 20 January,all,$hama$h,Very great game and i love the gameplay
76561198018813784,Recommended,289130,31187777,Posted: 16 April,all,Choblach,"Really fun, long 4X game. Exactly what I was looking for."
76561198018501771,Recommended,289130,31384679,Posted: 26 April,all,dias999,Best Endless Game to date.Let us see what the future holds.
76561198014921372,Recommended,289130,34224096,Posted: 13 August,all,tolkafox,This is the game that captures the essence of Master of Magic.There's really nothing more to say about this. Losing is fun.
76561198074242803,Recommended,289130,34846920,Posted: 9 September,all,P[Cep.},Good 4X game in 'Endless' Style.
,Recommended,289130,34958879,Posted: 14 September,all,pocky lord,"A brilliant 4X game, considering it used up much of my weekend and kept me wanting to come back for more."
76561198025173806,Recommended,289130,24657749,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Khancer,Amazing turned based strategy game! The  battles take a bit to get used to but with it once you do.
,Recommended,289130,24945523,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,vinco,"A true 4x classic.  Not without its warts, but it's a solid take on the genre with a lot to offer."
,Recommended,289130,25977451,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,CuAgAu,Awesome 4x. Totally recommend.
,Recommended,289130,25982968,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Whirlywhoopa,Best RTS on the market.
76561197987069628,Recommended,289130,26645668,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BJ,Awesome game
,Recommended,289130,29513377,Posted: 26 January,all,Chip,You will not be disappointed!
,Recommended,289130,34213981,Posted: 13 August,all,♫[☺] Ephphatha (藍凛) afterfindGH,The legend will never End9/10i just hate the hex grid concept... fak that!! XD
76561198041654642,Recommended,289130,34849679,Posted: 9 September,all,justinruin,"Takes some getting used to, but is a lot of fun."
76561198037180897,Recommended,289130,26060502,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,cart.right75,It knows my E-Mail address.
76561198089041824,Recommended,289130,32055661,Posted: 29 May,all,smug me amadeus,Vastly superior to Civ and always will be
76561198035698725,Recommended,289130,30368416,Posted: 6 March,all,Too-throwed-666,You need to really get into this game to enjoy it
76561197973236751,Recommended,289130,23144385,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Eolair,Great game. Slick graphics wonderfull music. And above all a great 4x game.
76561198070246019,Recommended,289130,23325326,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Longshot-FreeRun,"I bought the game wanting to try it out..it blew my mind with how amazing it is. If you want a good idea of what it is, its like Civilization only done better with more features better combat and a storyline to go with each character. Yeah its pricey for $29.99 but hey I say its well spent."
76561198043997600,Recommended,289130,35283234,Posted: 28 September,all,zaysaki,A solid 4X
76561198044652249,Recommended,289130,35417862,Posted: 2 October,all,Guillermø-Sensei,Awesome 4X in a fantasy setting !
76561198066907001,Recommended,289130,35432851,Posted: 2 October,all,legion255,Great for when you need a break from Civ V.
76561198195950126,Recommended,289130,35374253,Posted: 1 October,all,korisnik slavica,one of my favorite strategy games-full of stiyle
76561198014647522,Recommended,289130,29658218,Posted: 2 February,all,Chazman401,Like civ but dusty7/10
76561198100011831,Recommended,289130,27876439,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,F.,very in depth
,Recommended,289130,13176044,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,lm Reef,"This game is great, i dont usually like games that have a turn based system but this game is amazing. its gr8 m8 i r8 8/8"
76561198031160813,Recommended,289130,17124801,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Normie,A well done 4X game. Very much not a Civ clone; has plenty of unique gameplay systems and designs to interest even veterans of the genre. Would recommend.
,Recommended,289130,20163950,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Aemon,My first game took 300 turns. 30-40 hours. Money well spent.A strategy game what EVERYTHING makes sense. The best 4x. And the artwork..god..
76561198050677829,Recommended,289130,20173816,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,tansleyfolk,Possibly my favorite game of 2015... need to upgrade my computer a bit for a smoother performance on larger maps... but excellent otherwise!
76561198110819772,Recommended,289130,20174760,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,geoid,"This is my first review.I've been playing this game since it was first released and I've bought every expansion. It's a fantastic game. At first there were too many bugs though and the interface was lacking polish. However I have to say that the developers have done a good job of sticking with it and have continued to improve the game over the years. I don't have any complaints anymore.The expansions are all worth while. None of them make a huge change to the game individually but altogether the game is a far more interesting experience with the full set of expansions.4x games can take long to play yes. This one seems to have the fastest turns I've encountered in the genre though, which is a good thing because waiting for the AI to run opponent turns is 4x games' biggest downfall in general. The game options also allow one to choose fast settings for combat animations, which is handy for impatient people like me.It's easy to get into and the game has sufficient strategic depth to keep one interested and to keep upping the challenge by choosing different difficulties, win conditions and world conditions.This is my favourite game besides Skyrim."
,Recommended,289130,20175587,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,RT.LKT| Obelisk the Tormentor,Fun game 10/10
,Recommended,289130,20176707,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,WaGo15,"Hi, I wasn't sure what to expect from this game but after watching a few youtube videos about this game, I bought it. And I don't regret it. It plays like civ but with heroes and you can buy or find items to equip your heroes and units. The playthrough on the map plays like civ. The research is a bit different, since you have eras in this game. But the battle is different and I like this better. You can have an army of 4-6-8 units with your hero, unlike civ where you can't stack them. The battleground depends where you are on the map, so if you have cliffs or a lake, it's on the battleground.The downside is that you cannot see the armor change, while you can see the weapon or shield change. If the devs could do something about this, oh man! :D"
,Recommended,289130,20182223,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JazzyP,Who needs sleep when you have Endless Legend?
,Recommended,289130,20184740,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gaming A cookiE,"Do you like Civ V?  Do you like RPGs?  Do you like beautiful graphics?  This game was made for you.  Endless Legend take gameplay that is very similar to Civ V and puts it into a fantasy setting.  You explore, find minor factions to take over, collect materials, fight, and Quest to become the best faction.  Each main faction has it's own goals, strengths, and weaknesses.  Unlike Civ which has so many characters and countries to pick from, each with slight differences, Endless Legend has 9 to 10 Factions (depending if you have the DLC or not) that are extremely different from each other.  For instance, you have a faction that can't use food, they have to grow buy money, and a faction that cannot be a diplimat to others, they can only consume them.  And then there is the questing, OH THE QUESTING, this is my personal favorite part.  Each faction has their own quest to follow, these quest help you grow and gain the upper hand.  The only bad thing I will say about Endless Legend is that it can be overwhelming.  There are so many options and so much detail that it becomes easy to forget minor things that might hurt you later.  Overall, a very fun, very good game.  Also, less buggy than Civ V."
76561198058051401,Recommended,289130,20197713,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tihi *blush*,I love RTS games. And this game is one of the best RTS games i have ever played.
,Recommended,289130,19163516,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,BOB,It's a very fun turn based strategy game. Already has a ton of things to do and look forward to without any of the dlc.
76561197985036304,Recommended,289130,20226776,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Blacksheep,"a better ver of civ 5,"
,Recommended,289130,20233825,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Prazon,if u like civ v get this game pls
76561198047772277,Recommended,289130,15743785,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Skyra,"Streamlined and very pretty fantasy 4X, with wonderfully distinctive factions that each demand a different approach. Each faction has a unique (and long) quest victory condition as well as the usual set of economic, diplomatic, scientific and conquest based victory conditions.Somewhat let down by weak AI that never feels threatening enough to force you to really optimize your strategy. Combat can bog down with large unit stacks and the order system gives you influence but not full control over manual battles; after a while I found myself auto resolving 90%+ of the combats.Certainly has the ""one more turn"" factor where you look at the clock and discover that its suddenly 2:30 am"
,Recommended,289130,13499247,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,QoMSoL,Nice interface. Nice graphics. Nice music. A good effort overall.Though I'd much rather play Warlock or Civilization 5. This game's overcomplicated for my taste.But if you like a challenge and a long time playthrough this is the game for you I guess.
,Recommended,289130,27738790,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bog Gobin,it's ok
76561197962829428,Recommended,289130,14234195,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Rook,Wonderful game
,Recommended,289130,16460791,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rocket_Man,"You get to play as a civilization of dragons, either play this game or you are a dragon hating nazi."
76561198158490141,Recommended,289130,15392029,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,dark dragon,wonderfull game but to mac users thare is a ploblom whare it keeps freexing up and i have to kill it aswell as i cant set regond size to small or tiny other than that its one of my favert game
76561197982921959,Recommended,289130,13632690,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Townsie,Game's great!
,Recommended,289130,13449736,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Yipp Yipp,Better than cod
,Recommended,289130,13818657,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,HappyWillyMonkey,really nice change coming from Civ serie. glad I got this over the xmas sales. :D
76561198066483076,Recommended,289130,17105654,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Sans,This game is simply amazing.
,Recommended,289130,15632989,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Venom :Ð,"""I'm coming through, thought you knew, ♥♥♥♥ if you didn't, ♥♥♥♥ you"" -Broken Lords"
76561198018414156,Recommended,289130,13769331,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Devaz,This game is awsome! Combines the best form Heros with the best of Civ :)
76561197967663702,Recommended,289130,20234793,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Grioja,Amazing depth. Very similar in complexity to Civ 5. If you liked Civ 5 you will definitely like this game.
,Recommended,289130,14232160,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Primal,"I don't think I need to put this into words, but in case I do:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uneSOPqqAFw"
,Recommended,289130,20218086,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,idl0r,"Very complex compared to Civ but I like it. Less bugs. Multiplayer is fast, so loading times etc. even after several hundret rounds."
76561198079897593,Recommended,289130,20223387,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,jawzx01,"Yes, I must recommend this. It takes the 4x formula and improves it. The combat is interesting and the graphic style is nice. This game has won awards and upon playing it, it’s clear why.The AI is reasonable and the world “created” is quite interesting. It’s just good. Lots of Game Start Options. If you like 4x (Civ, GalCiv) this is a must own."
76561197999115644,Recommended,289130,20233627,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,bocsizoli,Really fun and complex 4x game.
,Recommended,289130,14239093,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,krstnjcbsn,The best game I've ever played. Period.That's all I have to say.
,Recommended,289130,14270876,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,taste the pizza,"Awesome and unique 4X experience in a fresh universe, calibrated to be balanced yet challenging."
,Recommended,289130,14286438,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sven's Dead,"It's a great, unique 4x-turn based strategy game unlike any other. The in game aspects of Endless Legend stand out and reach the player. The game feels like no other fantasy. 10/10"
76561198006352724,Recommended,289130,15399762,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,salvettic,"Until further notice, keep buying and playing any 4X game released by Amplitude Studios!"
,Recommended,289130,14246117,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,NormenKD,Better than any modern Civilization games.
76561198065512668,Recommended,289130,21247280,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Bugajs,"This game is incredible. An excellent 4X turn-based strategy, set in pre-apocalyptic fantasy word. Lot of content. The vibrant colors and sharp graphics. The radically different playstyles between factions. And super game difficulty (Hard is hard)"
,Recommended,289130,11891854,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,T A Y W C,"One of the best games i played, its so fun :D. I have played Civ, and i like this game a lot more then that. All I have to say..."
76561198030703993,Recommended,289130,12330461,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Crazy Raccoon,"This is first and foremost a beautiful game, probably one of the best looking of any turn-based 4X out there. The interface is simpleand easily maneuvered, clean, able to impart the information you need and nothing more or less.The gameplay mechanics are an enhanced version of Civilization, but the factions make the gameplay so different as to almost make it a completely different game every time you play.The combat is a little rough, but it's better than the ""rock-paper-scissors"" style from Endless Space.Overall a fantastic, beautiful game with rich lore and high replayability."
76561198123335787,Recommended,289130,18533413,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Flamey,.
76561198132129409,Recommended,289130,16623682,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,forrestwest,"One of the best, most addicting strategy games I've ever played. The combat system is an interesting twist to the usual turn based combat, although sometimes the pathing of the units can be frustrating. Plenty of options to decide what kind of empire you want to build and plenty of different ways to win a round, allowing you to feel like whatever options you pursue actually helps you win. The units and factions are creative and have nice designs, although when viewed up close can seem a little underpolished. I still find the game to be gorgeous though and the gameplay solid. I was addicted the moment I started playing. The main advice I can say to newcomers is to play through the tutorial until the end. Even if you are used to this style of game it is good to learn the unique twists that makes this game different."
,Recommended,289130,14135134,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,taproot,This is the best 4X game.
76561198046681482,Recommended,289130,14141416,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,apokryfos,"Out of the turn-based strategy games I've played, this is one of the better ones."
76561198132302981,Recommended,289130,14141543,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Blahdeblahdsaa,So good!
76561198030374042,Recommended,289130,13574477,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,commander515,"Picking up Endless Legend, I wasn't quite sure what to expect from a fantasy-based 4X developed by a studio whose other main foray into the genre was a crowdsourced space empire-builder thick with science-fantasy lore. A quick look at Endless Legend's functions and features reveals the same bones as Amplitude's other 4x, Endless Space, but everything that wraps those bones up is unique while still feeling familiar. Where Endless Space clearly takes inspiration from classic 4X games like Master of Orion, Endless Legend hearkens back to fantasy empire-builders like Master of Magic and Age of Wonders. The game's major factions are just as weird and wonderful as those featured by its predecessor - each one has a unique theme, a distinct look and feel, and a plethora of strange and interesting faction features. All of these factors combine to give every faction a completely different feel and a unique strategy that is required for success with each one. Certain combinations of factions can affect gameplay in unexpected ways, perhaps forcing players to deal with their opponents differently - the nomadic Roving Clans, for example, can literally ban others from utilizing the inter-faction marketplace...providing a potentially devastating economic weapon against an opposing faction, particularly, perhaps, the Broken Lords, who rely on the Dust (currency) resource for just about everything.The hex-based game map is fantastically well-done, and a huge range of game setup options allows a player to customize each game world to a splendid degree. A colorful variety of sprawling plains, towering mountains, glittering rivers and lakes, treasure-laded ancient ruins and weird, fantastical terrain features compels you to push against the edges of the map each turn, driving an urge to explore that is rare in many games of this kind. The game has a robust quest system, with each major faction having its own unique main quest line; in addition, a wide range of side quests is randomly available as you delve into the abandoned temple sites scattered across the landscape.The way in which the game handles your empire's cities is novel. Every region on the map can support only a single city, regardless of its size - a feature that I thought was a bit of a drag at first, as some of the larger regions could easily support two or three small to medium-sized cities. Since each region may sport a range of terrain types and various useful anomalies, deciding exactly where to plant each potential metropolis poses a strategic challenge. However, as a city's population grows, it unlocks the ability to construct new districts, allowing you to directly plan the expansion and pick specifically which new map tiles you want it to exploit. The ability to direct a city's growth towards the resources that you want helps to mitigate the downsides of having only one in a region.As you expand from region to region, there is the opportunity to take advantage of the dozen or so of the game's minor factions. Ranging from avians and insects to ogres and orcs, their roving warbands can pose a threat to your settling parties and newly-minted cities. Through conquest, bribery, or diplomacy, each village can be pacified, adding to the number of available workers in that region. Minor factions can also be assimilated into your empire, giving you global bonuses that increase with the number of villages under your control. Assimilated factions make each faction's signature unit available for training in your cities, allowing you to diversify your armies with troops that can help to shore up the weaknesses of your main faction units.Those units, by the way - of which each faction has only four types - are one of the key features of the game, as you move them around the map like elaborately detailed chess pieces. Your troops (as well as the heroes that command them) can be outfitted with various types of weapons, armor, and relics as you research new technology and unlock better grades of metal. The game keeps the size of armies under control throughout the game as you progress to higher research levels, by increasing their cost in exchange for having them start at a higher level of experience right off the bat - a novel (if potentially controversial) design choice that prevents zerg rushes at all stages of the game. Even with a large city with a fully upgraded set of industrial structures during the endgame, training new military units will still require a substantial investment of time or money. While armies move in stacks, combat sees them spreading out onto individual hexes of the main map, where factors like terrain, elevation, and positioning matter just as much as relative experience and gear levels.Endless Legend is definitely the kind of game that can provide 'endless' replay. With eight unique factions, the ability to customize any of those factions, a fully-randomized and customizable map, and amazing strategic options, this is a game whose various ingredients combine to create a recipe for truly addictive gameplay. It is one of those kinds of games that I haven't been able to stop playing since I got it, and I believe it to be one of those games that fantasy/strategy fans owe it to themselves to pick up and play for hours on end."
,Recommended,289130,13541088,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,airburst95,"I've played both 4x games and grand strategy games for a long while.Let me make this perfectly clear, I have only played the tutorial and I almost cried with joy when it showed me the customization screen for units.Let me repeat that. This is a 4x game, a city / land / empire / universe building game (simplified), with CUSTOMIZABLE IN-GAME UNITS.I picked this up for under $20, I would gladly pay $200 to the dev's for even attempting this concept that I just stumbled upon, and I haven't even experienced the full game yet. If this game lives up to the hype i'm feeling right now this could easily be my favorite game from 2014."
,Recommended,289130,13546973,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Takwin,This is the game that Civilization Beyond Earth could've/should've been. It is a breath of fresh air into the 4X genre and will have a long life of support and replayability. SCORE 9.1/10.
76561198128467584,Recommended,289130,14680717,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,PlacidoDomingo,"Great 4x game, challenging yet approachable.  The art style looks great and it is nice to have a little back story and quest line for each race.  Add in the winters and local tribes you can incorporate for various bonuses and the replay value is great.  Easy to see  it draws inspiration from games like Civ and HoMM but creates it's own unique game, which improves upon everything it borrows from whilst adding enough to make it stand-out amongst its peers"
76561198019273223,Recommended,289130,14684364,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,halcyon328,Fantastic.
76561197970382100,Recommended,289130,14949058,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Dragnet,"This game is a lot of fun. Word of advice: Do the tutorial mission, then play the first couple of games expecint to lose, simply to explore what you can do, play with units, etc. Even nicer is the devs continuing support of the game, with patches and new content, both from their own minds and that of the community. Definitely a ++ buy."
,Recommended,289130,14955466,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Durant,"Like Civ, with more♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,289130,14956372,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Lord Jack,Pretty goddamn awesome.
,Recommended,289130,14406396,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Admiral Ranjobi VI,ya its real good
76561198018669597,Recommended,289130,14477656,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Koala-Man,
,Recommended,289130,14564291,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,The Joy of Operating,"A fun 4x - great aesthetic, flavorful factions, and well realized world. Endless legend has a lot here to love, and while it's in many ways a great game, there are a handful of design decisions that will keep it from eclipsing the 4x gold standard: Civilizations.  The quest system is robust and engaging, the heroes are all fun and well balanced, but after some consideration, what truly holds this game back is the inclusion of pre-defined regions. By virtue of the way they work there is little reason for players to interact with each other meaningfully, be it at either diplomacy or war. This is because of the way resources are scattered throughout the regions, and the way cities can be placed there. It just makes more sense to find an unclaimed region than to fight across a whole zone for the glasssteel node that sits up on the edge of yours.Overall opinion: Fun for a while, not much replayability after going through the factions.Pick this game up on sale if you can; $20 sounds about right."
76561198046986937,Recommended,289130,14568871,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Lando293,great game one of the best 4X games to date
,Recommended,289130,19623083,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,DC™,This game is great!
76561198099092375,Recommended,289130,22467182,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,SpookyShibe,"Think of a slightly more complicated version of Civ (at least when you're new to the game) but make it look 10 times better than Civ and in the future, and thats this game. (I love this game btw <3)"
76561198132345778,Recommended,289130,15454847,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Your Local Soviet,this game is really fun!
76561198031175710,Recommended,289130,19173129,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ed.stamos,Probably the best 4X strategy game I've ever played.
76561198123958455,Recommended,289130,20360098,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,name1000year,Time consuming game !!
76561197973010957,Recommended,289130,12403303,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,DrStrange,"Civilization clone with Fantasy elements.There are a couple of things that help make this game stand out.One is the terrain of the map matter as much for defence and offence as well as movement. It is really neat to be able to have a unit overlooking your enemies with no fear of being attacked. Terrain is extremly important to your overall strategy.I stopped playing because of losing interest, I lost interest due to other games and not because I didn't like this game. But what I did play seemed fantastic and would recommend."
76561198130975196,Recommended,289130,12157616,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,zaxb157,"very fun game, buy it!"
76561198050337933,Recommended,289130,12751550,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,drzwellness,This game is awesome minus the fact that with a Mac OS it occasionally crashes completely and binds the operating system so you have to do a hard reset.
,Recommended,289130,12174562,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Mr. Floppy (U!) [DE],Great Game!!
76561197993366384,Recommended,289130,12174888,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Stealknight,If you like Endless Space you will Like EL Nuff siad
76561198030447601,Recommended,289130,12182154,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Toxic Toast,One of the best 4X games I have played period.
76561198042671706,Recommended,289130,12182177,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Grisha_Pro,"Good game, like Civilization, but different more Fantasy like."
,Recommended,289130,12182354,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,twitch.tv/GReapiN,"What a great game!Each faction has extensive quests that can be completed to reveal parts of their history, their complete story. Each quest that you complete also unlocks rewards that help you in fighting your enemies.This is a great game for people who have never played a 4x style game before.The tutorial takes an hour, afterwards you'll know how everything works.I haven't tried multiplayer yet, but the single-player alone is enough for me to recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,289130,12987867,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,elope80,Exellent game.
76561198007491450,Recommended,289130,12363308,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Ezze,"Endless Space meets CIV meets heroes of might and magic... Meets AWESOME!Turn based... combat is better than civ...   Theres quests in the game that can lead to epic/quest weapons.   Very good mix of resources and bonus resources for city management.Tons of micromanging, kinda overwhelming at first.   Very recommended... and its only in early access still.Best turned base to come out since Civ V.  Cancelled my civ beyond preorder."
76561197989558341,Recommended,289130,13139055,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,simonandpam,Great new take on the old model!
,Recommended,289130,19269705,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Mattie,I like it.
,Recommended,289130,23028298,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
76561198030247859,Recommended,289130,19900391,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,GeneralBird,Sûrement l'un des meilleurs jeux de stratégie. Signé endless.One of the best strategy game on the market 10/10 much wow such impress
,Recommended,289130,29519574,Posted: 27 January,all,Fluffy FIsh,gg
,Recommended,289130,14241509,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Snot Bubbles,"Fantastic design! Great atmosphere! Sci-fi Fantasy turn-based excitement, hats-off to Amplitude for another great title expanding their Endless franchise :D"
,Recommended,289130,17767731,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MeowMeowMeowMeowMeow,"I really like hexagons, and this game has a lot of hexagons."
76561197962285388,Recommended,289130,16421408,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Solenya,This game is the shiz niz. What a well made 4x game.
76561198041220746,Recommended,289130,12267112,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,-Breeze-,Game sure looks great though every 10-15 turns it bugs out on you.
76561197999832644,Recommended,289130,12162105,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The Deal Thou =]],Great Game
,Recommended,289130,12162767,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,PrinceSetna,"This game is amazing, I have never ever seen a better menu setup in a 4X game, this definitaly holds up against games like Civ V a definite recommendation for anyone who loves 4X. also the whole theme of the game is just amazing it is an excellent blend of both sci-fi and fanasy."
76561197992503503,Recommended,289130,12275810,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Nahtyrra,its one of the grate games of this year
76561198027898202,Recommended,289130,12276584,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Zerograviga,Amazing game. Interesting gameplay. Lovely music.
,Recommended,289130,12276643,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Phi π,Unique and creative game. Great combination.
76561198032903469,Recommended,289130,12277557,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,RayCats,"It's like Civilization with Fantasy. For me, there is nothing to hate."
76561197994261864,Recommended,289130,12279089,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Itchy Scratch N' Sniff,"I really enjoyed age of wonders, but this is even slicker to play.  I would have to say this is the finest example of turnbased strategy this year"
,Recommended,289130,12283740,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Biohazard,Has potential but a lot of bugs and crashes makes it tough to love.
76561197987708003,Not Recommended,289130,14603178,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Csombi,"This is an inferior knockoff of the classic 4x turn based strategy game. What makes it inferior is its very high tendency to cheat for the computer. The biggest hindrance is the 'winter' season, which happens randomly and for vast, prolonged sections of the game. It basically stops the player from growing cities, making war, moving troops... anything productive. And it lasts for 50 or 60 turns at a time in a game with a maximum turn limit of 600. Further, enemy units are not hindered by the movement problems or the lack of resources that winter brings. It really a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t way to make a game."
,Not Recommended,289130,16259712,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Soupnut,"Enjoyed it up until about turn 200 when the winters get longer and summers last 1-2 turns, just sucks all fun out of the game. Won't play it again, because they're not bothered about changing it."
,Not Recommended,289130,12163419,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,chungheezee,"Endless legend is ok. Nice graphics, story and game play but it is unplayable on my system, i5 win7 hd9750 32G ram, because crashes and 'serious errors' occur constanly late in a game. If your definitely going to get it i would advise waiting a month or so until they smooth out the rough edges. I'm wishing I would have waited for the new civ."
76561198011178575,Not Recommended,289130,13459902,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ProphetMikey,"This should be a good game, but it's not because it is horrendously unstable. The reason it autosaves every turn is because it crashes constantly, especially on a long game. According to the forums this is a chronic problem and the developers admit it has a serious memory leak but they can't find it. It typically uses over 2.5GB (I have 8) of memory. And asking players to submit crash reports in a popup without telling them HOW or WHERE is just stupid.After getting used to the speed of the game and the quirks of the mechanics (it has some traits that will really throw experienced Civ players) the actual gameplay is very enjoyable and a nice challenge.However, the stability issues are so bad that they really shouldn't  have released it yet. If you like long games and choose the ""Endless"" option, which lasts 600 turns, then once you get past ~300 the game might go a dozen turns at a time without crashing, or it might crash EVERY SINGLE TURN until the end of the game. Even if you choose a shorter game length it will still crash so often as to be infuriating.I would only buy this game if you can get it on sale, because you may give up on it pretty quickly if you can't stand it crashing all the time.Despite the enjoyable gameplay, I really can't recommend this game because the instability makes it seem like a very amateurish effort, which is a shame because I really liked Endless Space and was hoping to like this game too."
76561198031941114,Not Recommended,289130,13535719,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,randyeast,"I love the game.  It's a nice combination of civ 5 and Heros of M&M.  Good Strategy.  Based upon this I'd recommend it.  However, it crashes roughly every 30 minutes.  I have to give it a thumbs down because of this.  If they come thru with an update, this might be a great game.  I just can't stand the crashing."
,Not Recommended,289130,13655035,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,GrandOldDuke,"One of the main draws of the game, the questing system and factional storylines, are not quite deep enough to deliver on the premise of keeping each playthrough interesting and unique; even given the time commitment of any given match, it still will not take long to plumb the entire variety of the system.The game is gorgeous, and I had fun with it, but it didn't provide anything new that I hadn't had in other places, and managing the UI and systems was always slightly tedious, ultimately leaving me without much desire to keep playing."
76561198032742896,Not Recommended,289130,13725278,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,woodduck,"Standard 4x turn-based strategy game. Steep learning curve. Very pretty with some interesting innovations.But regardless of all the pro's and con's, there's no getting around the frustrating crashes. For me these don't become problematic until the end game, especially if going for a ""peaceful"" victory. Around turn 125 (in a fast game - 150 turns) the crashes to desktop come thick and fast - essentially every turn. You spend all your time reloading the last autosave and hoping you will make it one more turn. Very tedious. This ruins the gaming experience. Until they fix this problem I really cannot recommend this game to anyone else.UPDATE: After 9 more hours of playing, I can now confirm that crashes are not just confined to the end game. It's like, the more you play, the more it crashes. Maybe this is a function of PC Power - I have a i5-3450 CPU @ 3.10GHz; Memory: 8192MB RAM. But I wouldn't know."
,Not Recommended,289130,13776752,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Anal Mayonaise,"Like Endless Space, Endless Legend introduces phenomenal innovations to 4X gaming. Like Endless Space, this game is almost perfect... Unfortunately, the entire game experience is ruined by a mediocre battle system... just like Endless Space. To be clear, Endless Legend introduces a tactical combat system that Endless Space lacked; however, the combat system is grossly primitive, unengaging, and severely lacking. Also, the heroes in Endless Legend, which are a minor extension of those from Endless Space, are also extremely boring compared to the heroes found in other 4X games; while the hero system suited Endless Space just fine from a galactic perspective, it just doesn't appeal to the fantasy on-the-ground setting of Endless Legend.Another issue: it is very hard to visually discern different kinds of entities on the world map. Cities and units don't stand out much unless you're zoomed all the way out. At closer zoom ins, the angle from the ground is so steep that it makes it uncomfortable to visualize the terrains and entities in view.Yet Another issue: I personally hate the fact that 'regions', by which you are constrained to one city per region, are arbitrarily defined by the map generator as opposed to defined by players via establishments and spheres of influence. While this model made perfect sense in Endless Space where it is reasonable to confine regions to solar systems, it makes no sense in a 4X game played on the surface of the planet. For pretty much every other 4X game, players have the choice of how they want to construct their empire (eg. sparse, dense, etc), but in Endless Legend, this ability is taken away from you to no gain or benefit. Again, this made sense in Endless Space, but not in Endless Legend.Newcomers to 4X games and strategy novices may very well enjoy the gameplay experience offered by both Endless Space and Endless Legend; however, 4X and strategy diehards should look elsewhere."
76561197994419704,Not Recommended,289130,13818500,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Fuzzy,"On the upside, it's pretty. You'll want to like it.On the downside, it provides no helpful feedback about why actions fail. This is such a major issue that, although I really tried to like the game, I kept running up against this same frustration, and all other pros/cons to this game pale in comparison.The rest of this review demonstrates why:- Settler construction greyed out. No reason given. Some forums suggest the cause may be a city under siege. I believe it is not the cause in my case, but I can't be certain because forum posts by others make it clear the game would not indicate if that were the cause.- Construction of some items is dependent upon city-local ""stockpiles"", of which production rate is visible, but current stockpile levels are not. This further complicates troubleshooting why construction has halted.- Borough Streets construction request accepted and initially at 7 days, now at infinity. Why? No idea. It let me start building it, then completion time elevated to infinity. Try to buy it out, and it claims ""You don't meet the requirements."" Of course, this blocks the build queue, so I cancelled it, accepting the ""You will lose resources"" prompt. Now it won't let me queue it again. No reason provided.- Cannot click ""Apply"" after assigning weapons to hero. No reason given. Clicking ""Exit"" warns that changes will be lost. Wandering through other methods to assign weapons, it seems I might have to be in a different map location to change hero equipment, and... that didn't work. Cause still unknown.- Cannot assign a particular weapon to a hero at all, and no reason given. The equipment description says ""Can only be equipped by heroes."" Found a forum comment ""I just checked the data files, and it looks like only the Broken Lords heroes can use"". This is the sort of game interaction you can expect, where editing data files is the only way to use the game.- Cannot ""Parley"" as during the tutorial. Discovered it was because I hadn't researched something that came pre-researched in the tutorial. However, I stumbled upon this information elsewhere, not through game feedback.etc. etc. This is a recurring theme in the game and it drains all the enjoyment from the game."
,Not Recommended,289130,13821054,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,CatSnac,"Sooo many bugs with multiplayer.Friend and I got to around 90 turns and started having issues.  Firstly, the game went out of sync (very strange imo for a turn-based game).Then when we re-loaded, my client would error when attempting to join the load-game my friend was hosting.  We tried several different save games.  NONE of the auto saves would work.  We fell back to an explicit save and lost some progression, but we were able to get in.  Then random game crashes would start to occur.  Re-loaded, and then went out of sync - again.Horribly disappointed.  The gameplay is good.  The visuals are good.  I've had this game since Sept. and have finally had time to play it and it's playing like an early beta."
76561197970639512,Not Recommended,289130,14337076,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Warlok,"A very good game, but not without its flaws, which are elusive yet substantial enough.  The tactical combat is limited by the approach taken such that you fight on the actual features of the ""map board"", with very limited control by a player. By itself this is fine - a game whose victories are primarily achieved strategically - but amongst the flaws it hurts the effort overall. Possibly the worst part of the game is the fact that in a cooperative game versus the computer, players cannot participate in the same battle, even though their armies may be **right there**. All of your strategic level efforts lead to the big payoff of a tactical reckoning, and yet you can`t share in combat... in a supposedly cooperative game.Very good art style, very distinct factions, a terrifically robust strategic layer, soured by an inadequate cooperative implementation. Age Of Wonders still holds the crown."
76561198006531393,Not Recommended,289130,14666413,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,rdarnell888,"I really like this game. I play the Drakken, my only problem with the game is it crashes alot and I mean alot. Lucky I have auto save on. I just pick up from the last crash spot but it is getting to the point where I probley will stop playing it and will not but from this company again."
76561197985367184,Not Recommended,289130,15097861,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Trake,"What it attempts with faux depth results in confusion.  It's slow, kind of clunky and ultimately not that fun.  Stick to Total War or free games that are more fun."
76561198044257317,Not Recommended,289130,15525303,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,harry.sawchuk,"THIS IS ACTUALLY A POSITIVE REVIEW> This game has so much potential to it, and the only thing letting it down is lingering functional glitches in multiplayer. The gameplay itself, though, dense, is engrossing and fun.The gameplay is great. Very deep and complex, once you figure it out. That last part, ""once you figure it out"" is the kicker, though, as it took my friends and I three lost games where we spent half the time tabbed out researching things before we got a handle on how things worked. The tutorial is completely insufficient for the depth the game calls for, and though the tool tips that appear when you hover over anything are handy, there are so many actions, recquirments, and mechanics that go unmentioned and unexplained until you google them. Maybe that's a function of the HUGE amount of thought and depth put into how all the various aspects of empire building work together (and that complexity is wonderful to move through once you fogure it out), Just be prepared for some bumbling first.The second thing detracting from the game for me was the unsteady state of multiplayer. The game is great fun to play with friends - its like a hardcore game of Catan and Risk and Warhammer and more all rolled into one - but connectivety issues get in the way after, reliably, 75 to 100 turns. After that point, people keep desynching and the lag get unworkably bad. It's nigh impossible to actually finish a multiplayer game. If the connectivity issues alone were fixed, the whole thing would be perfect."
,Not Recommended,289130,15526079,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,CaptainAsmo,"Great game, it's beautiful, deep, and with a lot of customization and preferance options.On the downside:-The combat system is terrible, takes forever, and is very agggrevating to control-The game itself is very slow, so even on the fastest mode compleating a game takes 4-6 hours-The necrophages are stupid. I've been eliminated by them several times before turn 10. The starting units of Necrophages and Drakken are significantly superior to all of the other factions, making it easy for them to just attack and take over a city within 10 turns if they spawn close enough."
,Not Recommended,289130,15675897,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Little Scottish Plum,"The game you're looking for is called Age of Wonders 3. It's on steam and the combat actually gives you tactical control and factors in elements like line of sight and terrain far better. This one is pretty good, but Age of Wonders 3 is infinitely better in every single way, including price."
,Not Recommended,289130,15709266,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Etrage,"TL/DR: great complexity and graphics; poor ui, consistency and overall execution. You end up fighting the interface of the game more than enemy AI. Feels like this game has more complexity than Civ5, but it somehow hurts more than helps.--------------------------------------------The detail in Endless Legend is breathtakingly beautiful. Sadly, in a strategic game this ends up being a drawback. The game turns into constant zooming in/out to figure out resource/army placement. The intricacy of detail on city squares and resource extractors makes it hard to understand where's the city square. Without hovering over the city with a mouse for 30 seconds.The number of different actions you can take in this game is impressive. Sadly, the interface to take these actions is poorly designed.---------------------------------------------------------A bunch of issues with this game that I just can't forgive:----------------------------------------------------------No way to speed up tactical combat animation, if you choose to control the combat (as opposing to be resolved automatically, and thus with a bunch of losses). A fight 4vs4 armies can take ~20 minutes. Think you've done poorly and can do better? Spend another 20 minutes.No way to speed up movement animation. You will have to sit there and watch how your 11-movement unit slowly crosses the whole screen during its turn.After walking, units stop before exploring ruins/cities. You will have to remember to select the unit and click on the city/ruins again to interact.Sometimes, units will just lost their way through the city. You may click as many times as you like on the opposite side. Units won't go - you'll have to lead them through the city tile-by-tile (Vaulters).Full of unpleasant surprises. At the middle of the game, your main quest will want you to deeply spec your hero a certain way. You are in luck if you haven't specced your heroes. Otherwise, you'll have to hire a new one and level him/her up to the max from the scratch. I ended up defeating all other factions before my hero reached the needed level.Weapon/armor levels have inconsistent tier numbers. Tier 1 weapon that requires resources can and will be more powerful than tier 3 regular weapons. Tier 1 weapon that requires different set of resources will be more powerful than Tier 2 weapon with a different set of resources. No way to know other than hovering over 30+ weapons every time you want to upgrade your hero.Resources provide random bonuses, based on the piece of armor they are. They can provide attack on a helmet, but armor on a chest plate. No way to know other than mouse overing and hunting for a needed bonus. Every time."
76561198075710760,Not Recommended,289130,15804204,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Trouble Shooter,After tutorial mission and one day of play I found this game monotonic and boring. Side view on Civ with slightly difference. Don't want to continue playing.
76561197986641007,Not Recommended,289130,16020747,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,nosmaclear,"-Just get Alpha Centauri (from 15 years ago). The AI here is terrible, and the replayability isn't as high as one would expect."
,Not Recommended,289130,17022272,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,irskep,"Good game, but I can't recommend you buy it due to technical issues. Fullscreen doesn't work on external monitors in OS X and the developers don't acknowledge the problem. What else are they ignoring?"
,Not Recommended,289130,18258743,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Space Viking,"Gave this item a really really good try and for numerous hours I tried my very best to like this amazing-looking game.  Yet, the boredom grew and grew.  As if, I realized I had already done this..over and over.  It's a nice compliment to the genre or 'look' but does nothing, new, or alarming, No plot twists, or anything besides. WHY WOULD YOU NOT PLAY AS DRAGONS..so the game just starts off as, you'll win and love it.  But in the end, didn't quite get sold on the whole game itself."
,Not Recommended,289130,18260544,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Rho,"Played the Demo, liked it. Bought it. but it got boring very quick, its not a bad game but i just dont feel attracted to play more on it. It´s somehow bothersome. Still got some nice Features."
76561198043526203,Not Recommended,289130,18290690,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,crabbygaz,"Looks good, some good ideas on empire building, good range of units and abilities. Like the music becuase it's not constant and overdone.But.Too slow. Every move, each click and selection, the battles, end of turn waiting, it all takes far too long. Of the seven or more hours I have tried three different start ups and have only had about 50% game time. The rest is spent waiting for the program to grind its way through whatever it is doing. Battles, hard to get your units to respond to a limited range of commands.I played an hour of Age Of Wonders 3 just to see if I was being too harsh. Even though AoW3 is older, it looks better and reacts far more quickly.I may try this again, but I'll need to see if I can speed the whole thing up a bit to make it fun."
76561198027508112,Not Recommended,289130,18933254,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,dillon.hand,"well the game is great, just a few things. first off if the game has an issue, it is increadibly difficult to send a help ticket to the game devs. there isnt an option to do so on thier website, secondly there are still some gliches in the game. primarily missions that are in specific areas. in games i will get done exploring the entire map and the region specified for the mission isnt even on the map. this gets really frustrating when i get through most of the game for one of the titan guys and he is in a region that isnt even on the map. im hoping this could be fixed as it would make the game much more fun."
,Not Recommended,289130,19671148,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"I really tried to like this game. The lack of units and complete imbalance of the races just made me bounce off of it repeatedly. Decent lore for a 4x, nice visuals, but gameplay is blehh."
76561198073092564,Not Recommended,289130,19709927,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Ardrow,"A promising start with beautiful presentation and an interesting selection of quests to spice up the early turns. However, the tech tree is utterly bland (basically two categories of technologies: the vital ones you have no choice but to take and the ones granting a flat or percentile bonus to one of your resources) and, combined with the unexceptional combat-system, makes the late game a drawn-out, meaningless chore. For empire management, stick with Civ; for tactical turn-based battles, with HoMM 3."
,Not Recommended,289130,20587847,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,shushismasher,"While the idea is cool. It could be a lot better. Having a fantasy version of Civ V sounds amazing to me. But its messy and hard to read the map and select units. Cities are also very messy what with the buildings and population. The empires are amazing with there special ""abilities"" but there's very little flavour. While I like this game's idea what ended up happening isnt as nice."
76561197966823216,Not Recommended,289130,20739911,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TheDarkOne,"I loved Endless Space & Dungeon of the Endless so Legend was an easy choice. I picked it when I didn't even have a computer to run it on. Fast forward a year, I've built a new rig and load up the game to find there is a handful of expensive DLC and a resoundingly poor combat system.I can't recommend Legend, it just makes me want to go back to Age of Wonders III (same DLC issue there though)"
76561198092220558,Not Recommended,289130,21060625,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,chrisgooch99,"This game has soo many good ideas but fails on all of them.  The land is soo pretty thast you can't really get a feel for it and constantly lose armies etc.  The tech tree and build tree are simple and dull.  The battles are slow and eventually (after 1 or 2) make you wish you didnt have to fight.Why does the screen move sooo slow, why is it so hard to select a tile, why do units in the battle not want to move unless you repeatedly click and then regularly choose the wrong tile.I have just waste 6 hours and £15 on this game.  Can I get a refund please.There is no sense of threat or need for speed or really a challenge (maybe at a harder level) to draw you on or really make decision interesting.  It becomes a game of do this to do this to do this etc. no sense of achievement at any time."
76561197990467520,Not Recommended,289130,21150438,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,CloudLeap,"Does not work with mac, every time i try to open it crashes immediatly."
,Not Recommended,289130,21349399,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Momo,"This game crashes all the time. I have set it to 32 bit so that perhaps maybe it would run better on my computer. It doesn't I can't play this game for long periods of time as I would like since this game constantly crashes if you want to do that. There's autosave, but that can only do so much. It's fun, but I wish it didn't crash so much."
76561198005216454,Not Recommended,289130,21415791,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Bruce,"i know what your thinking "" this looks like civ 5 with magic"" well it kinda is.... But mostly not. The game plays more like a rpg that tries to get you to make a army and travle around with it completing quest. wanna build a magic empire? go ahead! but the AI will win the game by completing all of its story quest while you fritter away at home. Just get a mod for civ 5"
76561198006514037,Not Recommended,289130,21672772,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,warpvyper,"Its really only worth the initially play through. I guess it is a great  4x, based on others review, but must not be my thing.Once you have figured out how to use the menus, which is not particularly fun or enriching. There is just nothing to the game. combat is lame, you just hit end turn over and over and over to accumulate resources with no real meaningful changes turn to turn. There are tons of research and building options but they do not contribute to a meaningful outcome there are 5 resources and everything you do just leads to more resources.There are some great faction ideas and good graphics, but its just not enough to make a ""game"" you literally build an animated spreadsheet over 200+ turns.Try it if you like 4x, or want to give 4x a try, but be warned there is no meat or skill to this style of game."
,Not Recommended,289130,21690095,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Skybird Trill,I dont know why I didnt like this game.Graphics and UI are awesome but compared to civilization series this game makes you feel like its insufficient.
,Not Recommended,289130,22424987,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Diego Brando,"Personally, this game isn't for me. I understand and see the potential in this game has and it's a breath of fresh air away from Games like Civ and the whole Sid Meyer's collection but let's be honest here.The downside:Constantly crashes after 30 minutes of gameplay.Combat is incredibly difficult to micro task and your city will come under some form of attack fairly early on.Winter could have been a cool concept (no pun intended) but it falls short by being so frequent.Diplomacy is really hard to get into and seems shallow and non existent.The BRIGHTside:if you like games like Civ you'll like this (maybe)The lore is pretty interesting and there are plenty of factions to choose from along with a hefty amount of DLC.Music is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥It's pretty easy to understand.I would only recommend this if it were on sale.6/10"
,Not Recommended,289130,22445830,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,SlutMonkey,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, it looked beautiful, but it plays like a textbook. An actual textbook. There is nothing obvious about the game, and there is no real flow to it either. Games are meant to be fun, and not leave you with a feeling of 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I didn't read that little tidbit of info that would've changed EVERYTHING'... That, and the myriad of variables in play make it a tedious endeavour.The win conditions are also extremely unbalanced/glitchy. Case in point was in one of my games where I was dominating regions, one faction with 3 regions won by 'Supremacy'. Without having all the capitals of their enemies (and certainly nowhere near mine).Overall a waste of time. Go play something that is actually a GAME!!"
,Not Recommended,289130,13193387,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,[Olin] QuantumMechanic,"Fun but unstable. This game is super cool, and I'd really like to recommend it, but unfortunately, there's an unresolved bug where your turns hang infinitely around turn 270 or so. It's been reported about a month ago, and still hasn't been solved. I'd hold off on buying the game until it's actually playable. :("
76561198027132572,Not Recommended,289130,13593083,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The_Jozze,"A nice idea and concept, but so buggy, they should rename it to ""Endless Bugs"". The game is crashing every few turns during the Winter Period.Even though I like the game itself, I wouldn't recommend it due to the lack of polish."
76561198027334341,Not Recommended,289130,13813126,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Purple Puma,"NotImplementedException: The game creation process has failed.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------GameClientState_LaunchGame.GameService_CreateGameComplete (System.Object sender, Amplitude.Unity.Game.CreateGameCompleteEventArgs e)Amplitude.Unity.Game.GameManager.OnCreateGameComplete (Amplitude.Unity.Game.CreateGameCompleteEventArgs e)Amplitude.Unity.Game.GameManager.CreateGameAsync_CoroutineExceptionHandler (System.Object sender, Amplitude.CoroutineExceptionEventArgs args)Amplitude.Coroutine+<EnumerableRun>c__Iterator96.MoveNext ()--------------------------------------------------------------------------------V1.0.24 S3  (64-bit)"
76561198009522319,Not Recommended,289130,13816910,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Tja,There are too many crashes. this game is far from production ready.Also:A tutorial that explains 4X is useless.It should explain the differences to other 4X games!
,Not Recommended,289130,19658897,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,RunneR,ไม่มีแคมเปญสำหรับเล่นคนเดียวง่ะ
76561198048414751,Not Recommended,289130,19670829,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,dom.freestone,"Endless game freezing and crashing. The game looks great, just can't get it to play longer than 10 mins. Extreamly frustrating as I think I would have really loved this game. I'm currently running it on an iMac.Model Identifier:	iMac13,2Processor Name:	Intel Core i5Processor Speed:	3.2 GHzNumber of Processors:	1Total Number of Cores:	4Memory:	32 GB"
76561198071531076,Not Recommended,289130,20114491,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,iseeall,"It's a 4x game in fantasy setting which takes ideas from Civ5 (hex grid), Civ Call to Power (armies) and Alpha Centauri (unit designs). Despite many novel features, the game is spoilt by messy combat and graphically overloaded maps which get even worse later in the game.Pros:- nice-looking graphics, good music- good GUI design, with tons of helpful tips- can design units like in Alpha Centauri, with even more configurable params (you equip them with items)- you can expand cities to occupy more than one tile- there is a winter season which lasts a few turns - all tiles produce less food and gold (""dust"")So-so:- the whole fantasy thing. The techs, the units, the buildings have meaningless hard-to-read fantasy names, with almost no anchors in reality- you can only build one city per region- there are ""minor factions"" which are a mix of barbarians and ""city states"" from Civ 5, which you can either conquer or do their quests but it's more fun to just conquer them all- quests which tell you to build this or that and give bonuses - helpful for starting players, but feels like too much guiding by handCons:- a questionable combat system, where the units act in the order of their initiative. However, unlike in Disciples 2 or Divinity Original Sin, the orders to the units you have to give in the beginning of the turn, and enemies with higher initiative will act before your units get a chance to act. The combat would be much better if there were no initiative and just squad turns, like in most wargames. Or, if they wanted initiative, you should give orders when your unit's turn comes. Or, if they wanted simultaneous turns, they could have made something similar to combat in Shattered Union or Frozen Synapse. Combat is so awkward here that most players will just choose ""auto"" or ""spectator"". Also, the stats of units are very intricate (e.g. your unit does 98 damage and the enemy has 117 defense, and there is also randomness, terrain types and elevation bonuses - how is the resulting damage calculated is never clear and it's never explained anywhere in the game). Planning and predicting anything is too difficult to make any meaninful tactical combat. So, most players will just auto-resolve or spectate. That's like playing Rome Total War and auto-resolving everything - not much fun, given the not-so-interesting economic part of the game- in tactical combat there are no visual clues as to what your or enemy units can do. No highlighting for tiles where they can go, where they can attack, or how much damage an attack will do. That's simply inexusable for a game with tactical combat.- battles are made even harder, especially later in the game, when there is more stuff on the tiles, because you can't even see the units properly. Civ4 and Civ5 recognized this problem and both have the option to show big 2D icons of the unit type above the unit (Civ4 allows to show 1 soldier instead of a group for better visibility). Here the only thing you have is a thin vertical banner showing the remaining HP, next to a small crowd of tiny, all similar-looking soldiers. The type of unit is rarely clear from its model unless you left-click the units all the time hunting for tooltips.- special properties like ""cavalry slayer"" cannot be moused over and it's never clear what they do for the enemies until you build a similar unit yourself and check its properties outside battle.- during winter, the white arrows showing your units' orders can't be seen at all over the snow tiles. Also, frequently the tile highlights showing the starting placement areas are completely invisible in the mess of tiles colored differently to show the terrain type.- units generally have very slow animations which are annoying to wait for. Enemy armies will continue moving even when it's your turn which makes a very confusing impression. The camera also doesn't center on their movement- the world map is so filled with garbage that it's hard to even see the enemy or barbarian armies, or the special resources, or your cities, or anything, especially later in the game. There is a ""zoomed out"" view, but in it the game just looks too ugly and hides terrain yield info- when you select cities, the game view doesn't change, just the city control panels appear above. It's easy to forget if you are viewing a city or the world map. And in city view armies aren't shown on the map! Right-click closes city view but also gives movement orders to armies - this tends to be very confusing, resulting in wrong movement orders, or you not noticing any enemy armies for a few turns as you stay in city view- lack of gameplay options. Check Civ 5 and how many automation/presentation preferences it has, to fit both casual and geeky players.- economy is pretty baisic. Apart from expanding the city, there are no terrain improvements, and you just build all buildings in all cities in some optimal order."
76561197963723622,Not Recommended,289130,20462262,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,left hand,Has serious  game breaking bug that has been known for over 1 year and not fixed.  The game will get stuck waiting for opponent when a battle is starting even though the opponent is the AI.  If you google for it you will find it has no work around except reloading an autosave and maybe it won't happen again.
76561198007850801,Not Recommended,289130,20893486,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,kbrow06,"Another game I really wanted to like, but just didn't do it. Seems to be a growing problem on Steam - mediocre games that are almost good or not quite finished. Anyway... it is overall an ok 4x game. I like the combat idea and the story line/background is compelling. But game playing is boring and very trial by error.1: Tool tips, manual or something. There are many different things in this game which are simply not explained anywhere except on various game forums or Wiki's. And probably many more functions I have no clue about becuase I want to lucky enough to find the right chat room room or dedicated enough to hunt the right forum post. And all the expansions make this into an even bigger issue. I did not buy the game to spend hours researching how to play it - I bought it to have fun.2: Random it is not. Try it - play a battle. Wait for a rare big damage score - then drop out and load the Save game, Start the same battle again - you will get the exact same results, including the rare big damage, in the exact same order each time. Now, I have not scientifically proven this but have tested it and well...3: Difficulty Settings do not increase AI quality - just makes battle uneven. Yawn...4: Crashes - but mitigated by the excellent Auto Save feature.5: Strange behaviors... selected AI game with me and 7 other factions. All set to ""Random"" - game choose the same two factions for all 7 options. Then sat for all 450+ doing nothing. I saw this type of dumb AI several times until just got sick enough that I go back to flying Kerbals.There are more - both good things and bad. But there is nothing here to get excited about. And that is the problem really. What it does is OK - but a lot of other games in the genre do it OK or even better. It does nothing GREAT or new or if it does, there is no way for you to find out about it. So yeah... meh. Glad I got it on serious discount."
76561197995207777,Not Recommended,289130,21915743,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Fragtzack,"Good graphics, good story, good music are the good parts. Some interesting game play mechanics like regions. The bad is the sound effects are lackluster, no voices, terrible AI. After about 8-10 hours became unchallenging and a lot waiting."
76561197994280250,Not Recommended,289130,22406955,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,dokterschlonz,"for 10 euro this is somewhat OK, but the default Price is meh.The game is a civ style min/max resource puzzle with a pretty but confusing and obfuscating interface.The combat is quite automated and a bit bland.The gameworld is the usual fantasy world with orks and elves and undead, so it's pretty boring.Performance is mediocre.After all it's the irritating interface and long wait times on turn that keep me off of it.It's not a bad game, but too sluggish slow and needlessly complicated for my taste."
76561198057562616,Not Recommended,289130,13176312,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Nauallis,"Crashed twice in the first 5 hours of play. Used to be mostly-recommended.Other than that....Meh.  It feels like a cross between Age of Wonders and Civilization, played within the universe of Endless Space.Edit: After playing a lot of hours, mostly at higher difficulty settings and with different factions, I actually cannot in good conscience recommend this game.The different factions have motivations that are totally opaque in terms of gameply and diplomacy during each game. This is terrible for a strategy game, as it's thus virtually impossible to predict the AI's future moves/plans unless the player has spent a considerable amount of time learning each faction's strengths and weaknesses.It's also the same story, gameplay, and strategy for each faction for every game, regardless of changes to geography and climate. For example if you play as the vaulters you will do best if you min/max science and industry and turtle your cities. And that's the same.... every game. It's fun and interesting at first, but after a few playthroughs with each faction, the replayability, for me at least, goes down the drain."
76561198024192008,Not Recommended,289130,13660294,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Aeropunk,"Really great concept and could be a wonderful game if not for a few issues:1) The ridiculous amount of resources to keep track of. It feels like most of the resources in the game are only there to add ""depth"" to the game, rather than add something useful to it. Even the important ones are rather abstract in their application.2) The UI. Very messy, doesn't have the information you really need, or doesn't display it effectively. Keyboard shortcuts would be a big help in this area, but it wouldnt' fix it in the current state.3) Lack of explanation. The tutorial doesn't cover some essential things while explains in painstaking detail minor points of little interest.I would really love to play this beautiful game, but I find these points take so much away from the game that I can't bear to play it for any extended period of time, and isn't that what this genre is all about?"
,Not Recommended,289130,13867226,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Velihopea,"Despite four different tries I cannot bring myself to like this game. I'm quite a fan of 4x games and have spent a lot of time with Civ5, Endless Space, Distant Worlds etc, but Endless Legends...The graphics are extremely good, I would go so far as to say revolutionary and they do create a great atmosphere to the game. The races are interesting, but not your common fantasy stuff. Missions and storylines are great addition to a 4x game.I try to figure what it is that puts me off: With fantasy 4x I usually enjoy levelling up my units. EL takes it away by autocombat and unit level ups by techlevels. Also levelling and arming the hero isn't as rewarding as it should be. Perhaps I would just like to have my ordinary swords, spears, chainmail +1's and orcs and elves.Building cities around the hexes is a great idea, but otherwise citybuilding feels like endless clickfest of contructing the next building in line.In paper I should like this game. However I do not. Perhaps the above faults are the ultimate reason for it."
,Not Recommended,289130,13875075,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Fugitive,"Warning: While this game is indeed fun, it nearly destroyed my entire rig.Perhaps it is bad coding or poor rendering or whatever (I'm not a game developer) but it caused my system temperatures to rise to unbelievable levels during battle sequences. Luckily, I had a failsafe in place to ensure shutdowns / warnings when temps got to high (in this case CPU temps). After a bit of searching, I've seen many others who have had the same problem.Also, as a secondary warning, Steam doesn't allow you to get a refund once you've installed a game. So, not only could you have a problem that would cause you to never play the game again -- you can't get your money back once you find out about the problem in the first place. While I've still been putting a few hours on it here and there, its at very low settings and only once I tweaked it to ensure safety. Not everyone might be so lucky. No game is worth the cost of a new computer.Consider this a buyer beware statement on this title."
,Not Recommended,289130,15428230,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Foolishuman,I love this game... for the 10 minutes I can play until it crashes my PC. I don't have this problem with any other game. It's such a shame because this seems like a worthy successor to CIV5.
76561198116976608,Not Recommended,289130,15818965,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Anim8ed,not my style if you like civ dont play this.
76561198052572048,Not Recommended,289130,16412235,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lighted Match,"Was not pleased. Boy was i taken for a sucker for strategy. It's not totaly the grafix, they are okay, I'm not complainig about that. Theres a point where you can miss step managment of city production/ science exc. because you get unaware you can magange it, unless you spend time learning how it works. It's  combersumb to seperate armies. The battle is confusing. its kinda like those old toy race cars you pull back and watch'em go. If youre not an expert on the AI of battle your guys might go the wrong way, but once you commit to the way they act thats it. I like the how you can make diffrent armor and weapons for your soliders/heros and re-name the units. It provides a nice window you can filp the unit around and view it. But the costume doesn't change when you equip it, so it doesn't matter. This game copied allot off of CIV and missed all the redeaming hall marks of that type of game. Sadly i have to say i wasted money buying this.  $17.49 im emberassed to say i paid for it. its more a kin to to maybe $5.00."
76561198012481440,Not Recommended,289130,17361646,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,shakeyvick,Was exciting to start. Then it got boring fast. Just build an army and start taking cities. The AI doesn't seem to do much to stop you.
76561197982808664,Not Recommended,289130,18670352,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Spawless,Game is great if i could play it. It crashes when I try to start a world bigger than 1vs1. they say the fix is to work around it....? Like buying a new car that you have to take out parts then jump start to run. How about the the devs just fix the damn game. Maybe that makes to much sense.....
,Not Recommended,289130,19653141,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,buter-brod,"I expected this game to catch me just as Civ5 or Warlock had, but it failed.Can't say anything about the strategy or smth, the gameplay feels bad and graphics is awkward."
76561197970336158,Not Recommended,289130,20335146,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Kiesel,"Game itself is pretty good. But the UI is soooo bad. It's a bit nerve wracking. So many bad design decisions.... It's pretty, but so useless. I'm torn between recommending the game as good and not recommending it as I personally can't play longer than 30 minutes at a time without closing it, simply because I get so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the Interface."
76561198058462753,Not Recommended,289130,20452191,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Wombatter,I have never made a review for anything before. However I feel compelled to just say that this game is very good but I will never play it again due to a simply ridiculous quest which makes the minor faction so powerful that they will wipe out your main army without breaking a sweat. This has ruined games that I have invested hours into and makes me so angry that they would make such a good game and put so unbelivebly unbalanced into it and there is no option to turn this off.
,Not Recommended,289130,21824124,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,kaner13,I tried hard to like this game.  The lore and style is really cool but I can't seem to get into the gameplay.  The AI is just kind of there with a lack of personality.  There appears to be no real strategy and what to build is unclear.  Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,289130,17503388,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Fat Operator,"An excellent Civ clone (with the exception of combat being completely automated) if you like to devote weeks at a time to a single match. I won't recommend that anyone spend their time like that, though..."
,Recommended,289130,13173097,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Screwdriver,Fantastic 4x
,Recommended,289130,12731086,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[SIN7]Gold-Kitty,"This game is better than the civ series, if you liked those you'll like this alot, it even puts beyond earth to shame"
,Recommended,289130,10773143,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mrs. Mungus,"Even in Alpha you can tell this game will be one of the best 4x Games out there, and it already feels finished with content missing. Amplitude know how to make games."
76561197976668924,Recommended,289130,13180057,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,entalai,"Sid Meier! Be afraid, be very afraid! Definitely can challenge current and upcoming Civilization's series."
,Recommended,289130,16924699,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ZekeTheFerretDargo,way better then Civ 5 and its shiny as hell.
76561197987703777,Recommended,289130,20240537,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TomSelleck,It is a little bit different than you are used to but the factions are a breath of fresh air and the landscapes are amazing.  Definatly a buy.
,Recommended,289130,20250542,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Weeb-san,"I was really hesitant to buy this because of the negative reviews however watching TrumpSC play it and reading some of the other reviews made me buy it.Installed it, played the tutorial, started a game, 4 non-stop hours later my army of plague monsters conquered the world.Having only played a single game focused on military I haven't done much with the diplomacy system or any of the other victory conditions so I can't say much about those.What I can talk about is the combat.Endless Legend's combat is the best combat I've ever seen in any 4X game. You'll read a lot about how it doesn't work right or how it's weird or whatever. Those are simply complaints from people who don't understand the combat,Throughout the game you can improve the weapons and armor of your faction, using the new things you create you can upgrade Heroes to focus on different stats and give them different traits to improve them or their squad, you can also upgrade your units which increases their cost but greatly increases their combat effectivness. By the end my main hero was able to almost solo entire armies with my other units winning 1v1 against every other unit.Tactics are actually very important in battles in that you need to know what to put where and when and how the individual unit's abilities interact with each other. And there are a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of abilities.As I play more I might edit this review to include the other facets of the game, however the only reason I wrote this out is because it's almost 5AM and I'm finishing catching up on a show before sleeping. So don't count on it."
,Recommended,289130,20250827,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Annuschka,"Summary: This game is almost perfect for TabletPCs!This review is focused on usability on a Tablet PC. I have a Cintiq Companion, 2.4Ghz, 8GB RAM, Win10, with some hardware buttons set to modifier keys and a pen with buttons. The game can be controlled with pen only-very well, I didn't have to change the settings much.PerformanceYes, the game runs and even on the lowest settings it looks nice. Loading times and finishing a round take some time though. The UI seems to lag slightly.Controls99% of the interactions are left and right mouseclicks. A pen is recommended - I didn't try to play it with touch only, mainly because the buttons on the GUI are rather small even in ""big UI mode"". There are very few operations where you need to hold the control key and click: multiple selections e.g. - these are no game breakers though.I tried to pinch-zoom the map, without success. And I did not notice any zoom buttons in the GUI. This can be a minor annoyance since some ""jump to location"" operations zoom all the way in. However once I set my favourite zoom level (With either onscreen keyboard or the Wacom onscreen controls), I barely changed it during play.A bigger issue is that the user has to type in a name for customized units: I alt-tabbed to the onscreen keyboard (osk.exe), which is cumbersome but okay. One can probably use windowed mode + onscreen keyboard, too. An easy solution would be a random-name-generator preset or as button.GUIThe Interface can be displayed in a big mode, there are still a few small buttons and especially the scrollbars are tiny.Sometimes it is hard to mouse over an element precisely to read the tooltip popup - which usually pops up bottom right aka RIGHT UNDER MY PEN! While reading the popups/tooltips involves finger acrobatics, it's not a big issue. However people who use touch only will not be able to mouse over!The whole graphics design of the UI is sleek and has a tablet-y feel. Bonus points for offering multiple controls for common actions e.g. Exit-button and Exit-by-right-click. I missed a GUI button to jump to the capital city though.GameplayThis game just screams to be played while relaxing on a couch or lying in the bed, also it's fun and addictive! (Refer to some other review, I'm not an expert on strategy games ;) ... )"
76561198009230430,Recommended,289130,20270448,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,The Grand Poobah,It's great.
76561198093072262,Recommended,289130,20251468,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ayrlin,Engrossing!
76561198129345307,Recommended,289130,20261097,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Baronny,"It's the best 4X game I've ever played.Gameplay, Grapics, CG and music in game is awesome, Stories too.Great game."
,Recommended,289130,30099863,Posted: 22 February,all,DARK LORD 0,The game is more complicated than my life
76561198086577753,Recommended,289130,13125728,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Danatz,Still 20x better than Alpha Centauri wannabe Civ.9/10 Would ignore tutorial and get upset again.
,Recommended,289130,13164469,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Bleujour,A good looking game that is very enjoyable.  The one thing I would say is crank up the difficulty so that you make the most of the way the game has been developed - that way resources become far more important to your strategy.If you like turn based strategy this is certainly one to add to the library.
76561198079364485,Recommended,289130,17865822,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Pengurio,Similar at first glance to civ but feels a lot more rpg like with a fantasy setting. Winter is coming
76561198029853152,Recommended,289130,16878292,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Playing Black Desert,"If u like strategy game, then u definately need to play this game. Great graphic, great game play."
76561198076898602,Recommended,289130,19275938,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ZeratulDM,"This game is COLOR BLIND-UNFRIENDLY. Anyway, it looks well designed. Try it out, it's cheap."
,Recommended,289130,15436516,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,xXx_S@n$_Undert@le_xXx,it gud
76561197998741182,Recommended,289130,21929980,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Smiley McCloseToDeath,This is the best 4x game I have played in a long time.  I am playing it almost as much as I played Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri from back in the day.  Endless Legend could be called Endless Hours of entertainment!!
,Recommended,289130,20756122,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Apevian,Endless Legend is an accurate name considering the game endlessly throws information. Expecting you to remember each and every bit until you can recite it in your sleep. It's an Endless Legend alright. It never ends.
76561198024120559,Recommended,289130,23330270,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Elder Dan,"I must say, from these early hours of gameplay, this is one of the best and most charming 4x games out there"
,Recommended,289130,13574873,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Prowler™,"A very easy 4x to get into and the many menus contain all the depth for when you want to go deeper.Limited combat turns help keep the pace up, lowering the large empire turn slow down you get in things like Sword of the Stars or Age of Wonders.Infact it feels alot like Shadow Magic/Master of the Arcane but with more custom options.Which is fantastic.The world needs more new, substantial strategy games."
,Recommended,289130,20894283,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,[OIDA] One True God,"like civ, but more diverse."
,Recommended,289130,31982524,Posted: 26 May,all,brad67676,"Game is ok, combat sucks"
76561198013590278,Recommended,289130,22341558,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,LingLord,I approve of this system of dlc- a genuinely nice expansion pack every couple of months.10/10 would buy all dlc for the endless series again
,Recommended,289130,22369336,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,AngryAngler,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing crack.
,Recommended,289130,22369778,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,A sullen Irishman,A very creative and succeding game in my opinion. I really love to play it and it never gets boring.
76561198079304448,Recommended,289130,22344528,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Drenth,"This game is a lot of fun. It is well thought out and reminds me of a mix between Fallen Enchantress and Civillization, except GORGEOUS. Everything about this game is thought out and is candy to the senses. I highly recommend this game to anyone that is a fan of 4x."
,Recommended,289130,22349048,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ensoph42,I love this game so much.Ok this was a terrible review on my part. I'll like the 600 hours I've spent playing speak for itself. And another 100 when the next DLC comes out. Also I was probably about 2 fingers into the moonshine when I wrote this review origionally.
,Recommended,289130,22371690,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,mrshmid,i dont have it but i tried it for a free weekend and i want itEDIT: i got it.  i like it.
76561198082738208,Recommended,289130,16539649,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,King Strange,Amazing take on 4X Fantasy + civ = amazing.The best Fantasy Empire builder on the market its everything i hoped AoW3 was and more.
,Recommended,289130,17809806,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,WolfRayet104,"Its like heroin, without the bugs crawling on your skin. Because they're in the game instead.10/10."
76561198055748768,Recommended,289130,22141181,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ArkonBun,This game is fantastic. Its like Civ but SOOOO much better in literally every way possible.
76561197999655772,Recommended,289130,27901630,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DeathKnell9D,AWESOME
,Recommended,289130,27902121,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Granolaman,Polished as hell. You /will/ lose a weekend playing this.
76561198042836165,Recommended,289130,27897000,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dickfuck the Dongsmasher,"I'ts fun, it's civ like but it's magical and the story is great:)"
,Recommended,289130,27899799,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sea Bear,"Empire's are super unique and every game demands strategy, with of course a little luck."
76561198120868405,Recommended,289130,20984104,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,WALDO,that's one hex strategy that you must have!
,Recommended,289130,33287435,Posted: 5 July,all,[HALAL] Lord Touch Me,endless turns.
76561197962112052,Recommended,289130,25892108,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Dreissigacker,Good 4x game with some interesting mechanics
,Recommended,289130,21118383,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Admiral McBoat,"If you're thinking about NOT getting this, knock it off. This game is amazing, and everyone should own it."
,Recommended,289130,23953303,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ShyGoddess,Fun to play with your friend and good depth. its a good turn based stratagy game
,Recommended,289130,19027796,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,FUCK'S SAKE IT'S MR. MIME,"Endless Legend is a game made by Amplitude Studios, the creators of the hit Endless Space. Endless Legend is similiar to Sid Meier's Civilisation Series, sharing 4X principles and its tile based expansion. This game is centred around fantasy, or as the title of the game tells us, legends, you have cultists, dragon people, forest dwellers, nomads, and many others each with their own pros and cons. It also comes with a unique event modifier known as Winter, this event will severely impact your production of resources but thankfully it's only temporary, with an indicator about its arrival and departure in the HUD.This game is incredibly fun however the only drawback for me is that there is no co-op multiplayer, unlike Civ. However this is only a minor flaw on a diamond of a game. The music, the artwork, the mechanics, everything is done so beautifully. I cannot recommend this game enough.9.5/10 from me."
76561198011793546,Recommended,289130,19116506,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,gbimmerle,Great 4x strategy game.
,Recommended,289130,19080883,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,EnzoVic,My logged hours should says it all. It is a great game.
76561198068720356,Recommended,289130,18981415,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,jvanheycop,Not since Civ 5 have I been so addicted to a 4X game! Great depth and variety make every playthrough a unique experience. A great mix of traditional storytelling and sandbox gameplay.
76561198248148870,Recommended,289130,19085634,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Darkness,this is a great game get it.
76561198115834993,Recommended,289130,19112475,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Aina Sul,Im normally not a biug fan of turn based strategy I do perefer real time strategy. THis game however is ann exception I really enjoyed playing it!
,Recommended,289130,15627526,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Vigilante,itxs great
76561198006559186,Recommended,289130,15625915,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mr. Bucket,This is the best 4x game I have played. Highly recommended!
76561197962453131,Recommended,289130,15619798,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Badajoz,Extremely good fantasy 4x
76561198139395976,Recommended,289130,15629318,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,HaroldNuman,"I really enjoyed Endless legend, the artwork is great and I loved the character models. It would have been nice if changing the armour on the hero's or units affected the character model in the same way changing the weapon would. I guess compromises must be made. I am a huge  fan of rts games but I found the mechanics of science and political output from cities interesting and how these open up new win conditions. Overall Great game."
,Recommended,289130,15625893,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,SkyLordNick,"I like this game, it is a nice game"
,Recommended,289130,18274927,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,craftycommando,fantasy 4x with a lot of interesting features you wont find in civ titles. interesting factions. manage resources and conquer aruiga.
76561197967668421,Recommended,289130,13554600,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Feanor,"So you were heartbroken by Civilization: Beyond Earth?  Give this a chance if you enjoy Civ at all.  It improves upon Civ while adding its own flavors and touches to make it even better.  While it is more obtuse, the new features help you wade through them.  For example, you can customize individual military units and you get an immortal Hero unit to lead your armies.  Combat is done through turn based encounters in which units can be repositioned during combat.  The tells you what kind of Victory you are leaning toward if you don't want to decide.  The game has more of a fantasy flavor than Civ, taking place on the dying planet ""Auriga"" where civilizations, aware of the planets' doom, must adapt and strength their civilization to weather it.Get off the beat path of Civ and give this game a chance, you won't be sorry!"
,Recommended,289130,13425406,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Andronikos,"So much quality in this game.  It's like a perfect blend of Civ and classic magic games like Lords of Magic.  The fantasy setting is unique, the UI is gorgeous (and elegantly functional), and the AI is tough.  This will quickly take many good hours of my life, I am sure.  Endless Legend broke the staleness that had seeped into turn based strategy.  Some of the expansions are hit or miss, but the game really is fantastic. . . with one of the best game soundtracks to boot. Highly recommended."
76561198113129685,Recommended,289130,13279103,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Manonthemun,Civ Style fantasy game. Works for me.
76561198018728174,Recommended,289130,13324085,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ur-Suhh,"I've never played a strategy game like this before and I wanted to try it out because it was on sale. Game looks amazing, feels great, and I'm having alot of fun (although I get slaughtered by the AI right now)."
,Recommended,289130,13334907,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,OldRPGGaming,"it took me a little while to get the hang of this gamebut now i cant get of it !! im like one more turn, and just one more lolbeautiful graphics and certainly in my opinion the best of its class10/10"
76561198021149949,Recommended,289130,13340968,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,RainMaker,Just has that magical feelReally enjoyable game
76561198067189007,Recommended,289130,13349146,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Tupinamba,"Excellent fantasy 4x. IMO, better than anything else in the market at the moment."
76561198033914746,Recommended,289130,13270982,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tha Pilot,"Loving this game man...coming from Civ V (i still love CIV as well) this game carves out its own place. I love the fantasy aspect, and the heroes, the questing is cool and the graphics are insanely detailed. Everything is so lush and vibrant. I'll say give it time to grow on you and dont rush through it. I played the tutorial first, then read up on the different Factions (Civ's) to get a feel for what i was getting in to. The combat is a little quirky at first but once u understand the mechanics it's very fun!. I would say in general this game is basically a fantasy version of Civ with a TON of depth. I picked it up for $17 during the sale, if you love 4X games, or Civ, or just strategy games in general, give it a shot."
76561197993346425,Recommended,289130,13284491,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,o0st,"If you thought Civ: Beyond Earth was too basic, get this game. Superior in pretty much every aspect. I got it on Steam sale for $23 with the Emperor Pack, but even if I paid $40 I still wouldn't be upset with this gem. This game has a ton of replayability already, also especially with potential DLCs and mods to come,My new favorite 4x game."
,Recommended,289130,13351162,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,distem,"Pretty fun game.  Got some getting used to because I guess I was expecting more Civ-like experience.  But that's good, they've made own thing.  I recommend playing 600 turns per game, anything less seems like it'd be difficult to progress to the later Research Eras."
76561197978729850,Recommended,289130,13374580,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Mercury's Genocide,Latest patch makes things much more stable.  Beautiful game.
76561198036020158,Recommended,289130,13381885,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Floris,I love this game! It is a great fantasy empire builder.
,Recommended,289130,13271840,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Toltar,I didnt think something could compete to Civ till I got this game! 9/10 :D
76561198035289938,Recommended,289130,13276166,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,SoupTown,A much deeper civ game with an amazing fantasy setting
,Recommended,289130,13328612,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,|\/|onkey,Frankly one of the best strategy games i have played in a very long time! Endless Legend goes straight onto the must play list!
,Recommended,289130,13341645,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mike,"I've played a lot of stragety games with Age of Empires II pre expansion packs and Heroes III of Might and Magic coming in as my favourites. But this blows them both out of the water, the empire control functions couples with the turn based gameplay really works for me. Gives me the time to think out the stragety I'm going to enjoy most to crush my opponents, at a leisurely rate so I can enjoy my morning coffee long into the evening light! Worth buying, at full price!"
,Recommended,289130,13374401,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Alpharius,"Well after getting a laptop that was capable of playing it without it being glitchy on the lowest setting, this game never ceases to amaze me. I am playnig as the Cultist faction and i can understand why they are only permited to have one city. They are extremely op later on in the game if you have tons of villages converted. As soon I spotted a enemy city, i had armies already near their borders that were built up. Hell even the villages they pacified were converted and used against them. All it takes if you have a system that can run it smoothly and you can enjoy it. IF you have the patience and cunning, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,289130,13409723,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Mozg Labs,"Fresh and a very interesting game, especially after CivBE"
76561197985844662,Recommended,289130,13423213,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Βασιλεία Ῥωμαίω,Have played about 20 hours and can say it still holds my interest.  Good game.
,Recommended,289130,13272126,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Whis,Fantastic strategy game with a ton of depth. Purchased after watching a lets play and has me engrossed.
,Recommended,289130,13318673,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,SpinalDash,This game has redifined the 4x genre for the better. Significantly better than Civ: Beyond Earth which is an incredible feat.
,Recommended,289130,13327473,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Airlinefood,Pretty fun crashes quite a bit though.
,Recommended,289130,13330941,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,GrimEagle4,"Oh dear god it's torture, but that's just what 4Xs are"
76561198036008047,Recommended,289130,13430216,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,SinfulMonk,"Wow what a weird and wonderful game. If anybody has Fallen: Enchantress of Civilisation then ypu will love this gameplay stlye, it also has really good music and some epic drawings and design"
76561197970322814,Recommended,289130,13428450,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Bob the Mighty,Very engaging 4x strategy game.  It's also very pretty.  I highly recomend
,Recommended,289130,23512596,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Keractagon,"Its an awesome game, once i start playing i cant stop :D"
,Recommended,289130,11848337,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Ling-Ling,"Mix of Endless Empire and Civilization.6 tiers of research tree each holding 4 branches with 5+ nodes..Technology variety differs a lot between races.Ofc, compared to Civilization research tree - this one is tiny. Empires have different effects, and combat makes sence. Try this oneMust see"
76561198110941136,Recommended,289130,32835297,Posted: 26 June,all,NerfBat,"Thanks, Amplitude.  Now every other pc game annoys me whenever I try right-clicking to back out of a menu and nothing happens."
,Recommended,289130,33874114,Posted: 28 July,all,Phil,Gud
,Recommended,289130,20048949,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,M. Night Shama-lama-ding-dong,Best turn based strategy I ever played <3It's rich with original lore and I love how each faction is unique!I wish the combat system and animation isn't tedious though.luckily there's auto combat feature at least.
,Recommended,289130,25889199,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Belnavar,"An excellent 4X game with depth and many unique elements. What sets this appart from many other games, including Endless Space, is that each faction plays completely differently."
,Recommended,289130,12370318,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Muffalopadus,"Extremely enjoyable 4x style game.  There are a lot of unique and interesting things they do with the sci-fantasy setting - the anomaly (bonus) tiles are always fun to look at.The sound track is really great as well, relaxing and approprate to the setting.On the negative side there are a few mechanics that are needlessly opaque - combat is weird at first and so is managing your city districts.  You come to understand it in time but there is some flailing around at first.Still!  The game is super fun.  Definitely buy."
76561198041104205,Recommended,289130,34056325,Posted: 6 August,all,Weierstrass,"Just a preliminary  technical evaluationBeware of the minimal requirements: 4 GB of RAM which disqualifies, de facto low-end 32 bits OS.(Actually it can run if you set all options to minimum but I'm not sure that you can play a full campaign in the long run).Of course, one can say ""why getting concerned by 32 bits system in the first  place nowadays""  but such a large requirement seems a bit exagerated (a game like Skyrim does not need more than 1GB, even with rather high settings).So please: do optimize your game (its better for user experience, and you can sell more as it runs on more configs).So far, I'll anyway give a thumb up (benefice of the doubt, besides I appreciate a lot the not intrusive EULA, contrary to Civ's one).to be update when I'll have play more..."
76561198170647138,Recommended,289130,19919392,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,PossessiveKiwi,"I love this game in almost way, and I would recommend it to someone who likes city building, so fi and fantasy."
76561198025718309,Recommended,289130,19918031,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Master Condom,More like Endless Fun! Buy it or not I dont really care
76561197971074260,Recommended,289130,30101924,Posted: 22 February,all,cordell9,"Ok so Ive only played 5 mins but I want people reading this to understand you can usually tell if you will like a game based on the interface. I have played HUNDREDS of PC games and some I just can't stand the font or the interface.For whatever reason I really like the style they used.  The menus are crisp and the interface is easy to read.comparing this to a similar game, Age of Wonders, I had to stop playing that because they made the screen so busy I got a headache.  So I am rating this positive on art and UI style alone."
,Recommended,289130,13528754,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Rhain,"Hey everyone, come and see how good I look!"
,Recommended,289130,13528193,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tiamat,The child of Heroes of Might and Magic and Civ.
,Recommended,289130,13529105,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hodor,"This game is boss hog, can't wait for either an expansion or another new Endless game!"
76561198064936633,Recommended,289130,16799438,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,wordwaster,"stands as proof that civilzation's problem isn't that the 4x genre has been over done.not a perfect game, but still a refreshing game for those of us who were tired of how stale civ has become."
76561198211443484,Recommended,289130,23132464,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,scottdharris85,A fun Civilization clone with a great fantasy twist.
,Recommended,289130,12957997,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Snaipa,I'm impressed. This is way better than Civ Beyond Earth
76561198056797729,Recommended,289130,14115785,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,FireFix13,Very happy with this game. Have put alot of time into it and can say that the worlds created are beautiful the elements of the universe that is endless can be related to as FDIS at first it may seem strange but it is easy to learn and pick up how the empire building works.The other fun part I love are the heros and quests as well as the leveling up of normal units along with the hero. So it rewards you for keeping troops alive.The research system is intresting to me and when you create custom factions its gets even more indepth.All around I can say I like the game it has multiplayer and offline mode as well as a very good set of devs imo who have worked very hard to hear the communitys and build wonderful games like this. Sure the last bit is abit of suckup but I do think this is a very good game add in that you can get hours of fun from the singleplayer or multiplayer aspects and its deff worth it.
,Recommended,289130,15458248,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Raskoon,"Rather enjoyable game:Combine Civilization, Total War, and Heroes of might and magicThe good:+Heroes invetory/Skill tree system+Unit invetory Template (Keeps early units relevent all game)+Diverse factions+Winter mechanic to stir things up+Quests+Great art style+Fair combat system+Luxury resources ""boosts"" are unique+Automated trade routes+Marketplace (can buy anything)+City spacing is zone based+Assimilatable Sub faction campsCould be improved:-Faction units can all be learned by Era 2 (of 6)-No campaign-No Spells (would not go amiss)-Only weapon shows change on unit"
76561198031246676,Recommended,289130,15459464,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Enok Innokenti,"I installed this when I saw it would be free-to-play for this weekend, started playing it around 10:30 on Friday night.8/10, would accidentally stay up till dawn again.As RTS games go, this isn't my favorite (I prefer Total War, Company of Heroes, and Sins of a Solar Empire) but it's good. EVERYTHING is turn-based, with battles limited to 6 rounds. The only things I actually disliked about this game were unit creation and building construction being combined into 1 stream, and that stream being annoyingly slow at normal game speed. The speed actually wouldn't bother me much if they had known to not cross the streams.The music and visuals are great. Total War games, which don't even try to pretend their turn-based world maps are anything more than a frame for cinematic, large-scale, real-time battles, but you spend the majority of your time in this game on the world map, and the world map is gorgeous. Even the battles are fought on a zoomed-in version of it, with both sides deploying on terrain features around the tile the armies actually met on. It's something to consider carefully when attacking or trying to set a trap.All 9 factions are pretty unique, with their own play styles and interesting backstories (except for two that I can't find out the differences between in the free weekend version, maybe one is DLC). In this regard it's closer to Sins of a Solar Empire, with each faction having its own take on a small set of standard unit types, than to Total War where there are dozens of common units and each faction has better versions of a couple. For example, two of the human factions are steampunk-Viking descendants of the crews of a stranded starfleet (sadly, neither's royal family's surname is Shepard); their infantry are power-armored crossbowmen with shields and a point-blank-shot damage bonus, while their ""cavalry"" are footsoldiers with jump-jet-equipped power-armor that renders horses obsolete, and their monster is a steampunk mech.Overall, this game is totally worth it if you like 4x, but don't need it to be all or even mostly about war. It's actually a nice change of pace."
,Recommended,289130,28838594,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zzz,instantly start a new game if no sister of mercy in sight XD
76561198092174934,Recommended,289130,20519457,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Soupy Agoo,"Very occasionally you get a game which will leave it's story forever imprinted in your memory. This is one of those games. It's a game you go to bed thinking about, a game you look forward to playing at every opportunity, a game that begs to be played again and again. It truly is a thing of beauty, not only in it's amazingly rendered world, but also in strategic depth and lore.After my first full play through, I'm now itching to start again with a different faction and play the game an entirely new way. 4x has never felt quite this good!Don't hesitate if you are unsure about buying this game, especially at sale price! It will not let you down."
76561197987148103,Recommended,289130,25808661,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Andro111,Best strategy game of the last years! Period!!!
76561198026952599,Recommended,289130,14981018,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Tanyl,"This Rts play by turn, turn base strategy game, manages to inact something I thought lost to most of the fantasy genere. In regards to creating an Rts that could indeed spark some wonder as to what could happen next? As each biome is unique with its terrain and the strategies and rpg elements are their for the taking. This even gives way to the battle system which adds an element beyond simple sword clashing and the world map takes a fun and unique journey with you to the fight, though Legends perhaps deepest flaw is its diplomatic sphere as its diffcult to really utilize its function in any effective measure, As a deeply devoted Cultist fan the only down factor is other Empires capacity to out your temples within proviences outside the capital which makes defending the faith particularly challeneging in multiplayer. But also leaves you vulnerable as defense of your temples requires a great toll on resources that you could be using to defend the city itself. Economic playablility is quite fun and unique however and I cant say that I have seen such a changing course upon econmics. It is versatile in such a way to have the differentials shift for each resource in the game rather than just money alone, I may not have played as much as some enthusiasts, but it gets a 9 out of ten from me being the diplomacy system what it is. Iits perhaps most marvelous spectacle is the constant terror of deep winter, this was something I had never seen before and it really added an Element that most  games dont seem to possess the elements. To make it more impressive severe winters could delay war long enough even for recovery of this I was impressed well done Amplitude."
,Recommended,289130,15012273,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,|TB-Side|Haykath,"This game is very good, lots of customizable stuff and very fun to play with friends =D"
,Recommended,289130,15011804,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Kirbinator,"Do you like Civ X, but want to deal with more than just boring people?  Do you like heroes of might and magic, but wish you could shape the land a little better?  Do you want to play a race where your victory condition is toeat anything that moves?If the answer is yes to any of these questions,you should have bought this game yesterday"
76561198036341964,Recommended,289130,15026622,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,DaddySin,"I stumbled onto this game while looking for an RPG to put some time into. Normally I never play 4x strategy games because I find them slow and requiring more time to learn than I have the patience for. Endless Legend hits a sweet spot I hadn't experienced before! The story of th factions are actually interesting and the systems are complex, but not to the point of being a daunting research-fest. The game also looks gorgeous and that music....so good! The additional quests from ruins or minor factions definitely help keep the game moving. Combat is fun, and you have to remember to equip better gear as your hero characters and armies gain experience. I did find that combat can be a little odd at times; like selecting a character to attack, but the minion runs to the other side of the board instead. Difficulty wise, as a 4x newbie, I keep getting my butt kicked by the AI on normal (darn Cultists). Overall, Endless Legend is a fantastic game with a great melding of turn-based RPG/ character building, strategy, and open-world exploration...and good faction stories to boot! Each game takes a few hours to play through and with something like 7 or 8 factions, that's a whole lot of replay value! Do yourself a favor and add this game to your collection!"
76561198075463573,Recommended,289130,15458057,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,eye_ofrah,This game is so interestingly addicting. Every faction has a totally different way of gameplay. I won't get bored with this game.
,Recommended,289130,15458397,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,vonWolfehaus,"This is much better than Civ! Without things like Culture, Religion, and annoying units like Diplomats, the focus is on the more fun aspects of empires, like war/negotiations and economics. The zoomable map is indespensible. The graphics and art are incredible. There's automation at the tactical levels, exactly where they need to be.The battle system is what I've designed in a Risk-like prototype, I love it. Splitting the map into regions and limiting one city per region is genius, as are the minor factions and how they're managed with things like Assimilation. The marketplace is brilliant, and the tech ""tree"" is perfect. The UI is best in ""Big"" mode (check your settings) and all the essential info is exactly when and where you need it, making city mangement a snap.Unit customization is a bit too micro for me, but thankfully I can ignore it (except for Heros). The idea of Winter is interesting, but not sure if that's a good thing. It does add a unique new element to planning. Also the Empire Plan is a really cool idea. I love how they handled key resources, even though there's too many (IMO), they're handled well in a way that makes sense.You can tell they took the aesthetic from the Game of Thrones intro, verbatim, as well as th idea of Winter (""...is coming""). The stepped terrain, building contruction, geomertic details like rock formations, even the zoomed out map, it's all there. And it's GORGEOUS. Combined with the refreshingly non-Tolkien (finally!) Major Factions, the game is incredibly beautiful both visually and mechanically."
,Recommended,289130,14980712,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Guderian,"A damn fine game, the best yet from Amplitude, which is saying something.I played Endless Space since beta, solid game.  Skipped Dungeon of the Endless, it might be good, just not my thing.  Endless Legend shows that Amplitude has been actively learning from past mistakes and pushing themselves to improve.  It's weird, normally I prefer sci-fi to fantasy (though EL has elements of sci fi), but Endless Legend is done well enough that it really doesn't matter.  I had actually been eagerly awaiting Civ Beyond Earth, but when that turned out to be a bland 'meh' (seriously Firaxis, a simple redo of Alpha Centauri in a 3d engine would be miles ahead of BE, what the hell), Endless Legend came along and took its place.Innovative city building and expansion system, clever use of territories on the strategic map similar to Total War style, seasonal changes which add both flavor and very different gameplay, and polished tactical combat although unit selection is a bit lacking--WITHIN factions I should note, different factions have very different units and play styles.  Fundamentally a very well done game which offers loads of replayability and works across all sorts of play styles, from tech to build to war.  I can't wait to see what Amplitude does next."
,Recommended,289130,14998845,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Kniij,Best alternative if you didnt like the new Civ game.
,Recommended,289130,15017351,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Adolfus Hintler,"Bretty damn good, if you like Civ you might very well like this as well."
76561198001028382,Recommended,289130,15458797,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Nathan,"An awesome game for any 4X fan, especially those interested in science fiction and fantasy. Each of the factions is unique and interesting, and the addition of faction quest/story lines helps to distinguish this game from others in the genre. It has enough elements in common with games like Civ V to allow fans of those games to pick EL up easily, but enough new features to make it feel like a game that works excellently in its own right. The frequent free content updates are extremely welcome and help to make the game feel increasingly deep and interesting. Though there are certain features which are currently lacking - espionage and naval combat being the two most vital to me - I am confident that they will be adressed in future expansions or updates, and Amplitude Studios have an awesome level of community involvement and awareness of what fans are looking forward. Am looking forward to the first expansion, due soon, and would highly recommend to any turn based 4X stratagy fan :)"
,Recommended,289130,15459664,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,mIDium,"So good!!! Civilization on roids, the usual kinks of these types of games non-exsistant.Wish I had a better computer, no amount of love has been skipped when it comes to design, appearance and game depth.So sad that my free trial ran out :( This is one thats going to be a timeless classic, get on it!"
,Recommended,289130,15459964,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Your Best Friend,"It literally does everything Civ 5 did, but better. Combat is better, diplomacy feels better, city-states are better, resources are better, factions are better, victory conditions are better, unique units are better..."
76561198115146812,Recommended,289130,14981768,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,BigRedHulk,Probably the best fantasy 4X around.  Every race is truely unique and have their own strategies to win with them.  The combat is well balanced and like the tactical battles instead of one on one like in Civ5.  Great game.
76561198029530069,Recommended,289130,16730339,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Katastrophic,"Here's the quick and dirty:Overall I rate the game 7/10, while my experiences with friends have been 9/10Highly recommended IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY IT WITH. Single player is probably not worth your time.cons:-game infrequently crashes (although It does autosave every turn. In addition, resuming games is easy)-AI diplomacy is sporadic and poor-certain victories are imbalanced. conquest is heavily favored over science and economic victory-major glitch in which a unit or army is frozen and cannot be used or movedpros:-Gameplay is stellar-UI is intuitive and conveys information well-Playing with friends yields legitimate political intrigue-Great soundtrack-Good graphics for the genre"
,Recommended,289130,16711660,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,radical meme,"A typical 4X game, with a unique twist on gameplay (combat and expansion). If you're comparing this to Civ, there are Barbarians that you can tame, your city can be bigger than 1 hex, and you have MASSIVE control over mostly everything in this world (army units, citizen management, etc.) While that may be a good thing, it takes a bit to warm up to the mechanics, as well as looking at information on the wiki to find out strategies and definitions. It's not Civilization V, but it is a game that will feel familiar while keeping its own identity."
,Recommended,289130,16730876,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Mr. [B]oombastic,is gud gam
76561198090999077,Recommended,289130,16757684,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DomDom,PLZ GO BACK ON SALE!!!
,Recommended,289130,15031679,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,intrinsic hat ninja,"an amazing 4x with a rather unique battle system and regional expansion; wish there was a minimap, but everything else is incredibly well done."
76561198005457860,Recommended,289130,9968815,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Chrolic,"This games is yet another of the turnbased games, wich is currently being realeased more frequently than before.BUT, to me this game stands a bit out, it seems promesing in every way, looking at it as a early acces game not as a full game.There are alot of features missing at the moment, but if you look at the potential, there are a lot of nice little things.If you are looking for 100+ hours of gameplay, you might want to buy a full game, but this game is a good ""warm up"" to a full game :)"
,Recommended,289130,14042576,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Furgleburgle,"Endless is right. As I sat there and played, as the sun was coming up, I realized that 2 days had passed as I sat in my chair starring into my glowing screen. I no longer had any feeling in my♥♥♥♥♥ my eyes were dried, my vision blurred and doubled. As I felt the pain from hunger penetrate the disctractive veil that had covered it before, I realized I had only an hour to get to work.This game is less a game, as it is a torture device designed fro people with computers. A stasis trap to sedate the minds of gamers and drive them to deaths by starvation.10/10 would starve again."
,Recommended,289130,15431131,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Jerry,"Pretty Good, just like civ but fantasy ish"
76561198238458006,Recommended,289130,22337733,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,noah_burbage,"best game ive played so far. and even though ive been on xbox a lot, i still crave the dlc that this game offers. plus, it also is the planet the prison ship crashs on in dungeon of the endless! so i for recomend this game, its like the better version of civ"
76561198243777732,Recommended,289130,22547715,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,craigvanryt,great turnbased game endless fantasy
76561198022686928,Recommended,289130,15841835,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Glascow,"Hey look its Civilization with dragons!STORY- Oh no our planet is dying, lets kill everyone else and get off this rock! (Sequel to Dungeon of the Endless)GRAPHICS- 1 Klondike BarSOUNDTRACK- mehGAMEPLAY- Nothing says diplomacy like backstabbing a friendly nation!Pros-Researching upgrades has never been more convenientYou can recruit factions in your territory to supplement your army compositionThere are tons of weapons and armor to researchAn hour spent in game will feel like a year wasted in real life!The Vaulters have an epic loreIt's really rewarding to backstab another raceIt's really rewarding to receive an offer of peace from the people you've been destroyingIt's really rewarding to reject an offer of peace from the people you've been destroyingIt's like Civilization!Cons-It's like Civilization (Expect a single game to last a whole day)Other Races aren't as forgiving when you pass through their territoryWish there was more units (Each race has only 3 types of units, and a limit on factions you can have join your army)Faction units kinda suck?Currently no way to win a game with allies (Which I guess makes sense with the story)Combat can't be cancelled if you accidentally initiate a fightCONCLUSION-Sociopathic tendencies may develop after enough gameplay"
,Recommended,289130,12641325,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Fayte,Love it. Its buetiful and takes a bit to get into it. (Don't let your brother try it... he'll eat up your computer for half a day :))
,Recommended,289130,21277120,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Maximus,"Excellent game. If you are a fan of 4x strategy, then you MUST try this out. Have spent around 85 hours in Civilization V and I must say this beats it in many regards. The pacing of the game is excellent, the quest system keep you busy through out, each faction plays out completely differently, the map, UI and graphics are amazing to look at and the lore is fascinating. Highly recommended !!"
76561198085919604,Recommended,289130,20094649,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Stalin_Is_Ballin,It's dope.
76561198095417202,Recommended,289130,20656447,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mercy Missles,"well made civilization/war game to me with good graphics and many races to choose from, build your cities and take over others while keeping yours safe from another attacking lol ...fun times and more to come"
76561198006717366,Recommended,289130,20660821,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,tdoyon001,"Excellent 4X game in a fantasy context. I enjoy the factions diversity, it adds to replayability and richness of the game experience. Graphics are very nice. Tactical combat is well done. A must if you like 4X and fantasy."
76561198089084291,Recommended,289130,20609013,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,kidd,"A beautiful 4x game, backed by an amazing soundtrack. The artstyle is amazing and vibrant, the colors blending seemlessly when desired and standing out boldly if needed, and the character designs and intricate. The combat system is a new take on 4x strategies, and may either appeal or discourage some, but it is unique and innovative nonetheless."
,Recommended,289130,13155162,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Sweaty Gopher,"Really goood game.  Basically Civ 5 with fantasy setting.  Just as polished, and each faction is unique in it's own way beyond stat bonuses so it makes for an interesting play each time."
76561197979272733,Recommended,289130,15449667,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Exelius,"Awesome game, like fantasy civ, one more turn!!!!"
,Recommended,289130,31163082,Posted: 15 April,all,Viriato,"Pretty much like Civilization, Endless Legend is a game that mixes up the 4X genre with new mechanics and a fresh design. For a dedicated player this game can offer endless (just like the name) hours of entertainment. It's price is pretty affordable but i recommend waiting for a sale since it's a game that usually gets pretty cheap with the DLC's included."
,Recommended,289130,13129198,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,GayoMayo,"4x turn-based strategy and it's best... almost.Only real beef I have with this game is the combat. Not much depth to it, each race/faction has the same combo of units, and the actual control of the battlefield seems daunting and more of a task.Besides that though, all round solid game, great gameplay, great style, great lore, and minimal bugs (I have yet to try multiplayer though)"
76561198006514123,Recommended,289130,13897382,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Rogal_Dorn,Holy Crap!!!  I wasn't expecting much and I feel like a fool for not having payed full price for this beautiful gem.  Best 4x I've played...and I am a bit of a enthusiast!
,Recommended,289130,16850864,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,bboalt,great
76561198048001113,Recommended,289130,31961509,Posted: 25 May,all,Wimbledon,"i loved the game, the strategy, the diplomacy, the development of cities and the combat systemwhat i did not like is take buildings and armies share queue, making to raise an army veeeeery slow."
76561198051821309,Recommended,289130,11827519,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,stars2heaven,Pretty fun to play even as early access. They have some fantastic ideas with this game and if you like this sort of civ style strategy game this one is definitely worth a look.
76561198022561225,Not Recommended,289130,27965407,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zoltan,"the mechanics are okay, the tech tree passable, there are some nice innovations here and there.But the whole play area is a mess, all the terrain features are simply too busy making it painful to play.You'll end up relying heavily on guesswork to work out how you're meant to play, or lots of internet searches.go find a good mod for civ instead, even at this 'bargain' price this game isn't worth it."
76561198013251616,Recommended,289130,33749275,Posted: 23 July,all,Kael Darkwind,an okay game. i liked Endless Space more honestly
76561198356402327,Recommended,289130,32666739,Posted: 22 June,all,Fishy,"A solid fantasy styled Civ type game. Just like Civ, the AI is rubbish, and the challenge is because the AI gets huge bonuses at challenging levels. It means top end strategies are finding ways to exploit the game to beat the AIs huge advantages, than good game play.If it wasn't for the poor AI, this would be an amazing game. It is still a well designed game with a lot of original ideas."
76561198035284927,Recommended,289130,25909173,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Desert Coil,"The base of this game is good but it needs to be improved. Storytelling is great and the empires' characteristics are well balanced and designed but they lack in implementation in some way (maybe more modeling and a less typed appeareance?). The basic mechanics of the game feels too simple to communicate complexity even if choices and actions to perform are wide and peculiar to each empire. I cannot really get the tactical battles (which units move first? How can I actually see units acting I want and not just trying to encirle opponents' unit). If you like the storytelling part of RPG you can like it really much, it would be a great game with a nicer tactcal battleing (and some more complex scenarios' evolution mechanics)."
76561198045545786,Recommended,289130,20447668,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dongerino,"Changing from Civ 5, I actually like this game even more. More depth in the game mechanics"
,Recommended,289130,27888068,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Finger Guy,"My Favorite fantasy strategy game. But hey, who am I...11/10"
76561198040028431,Not Recommended,289130,20252149,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,cbremer,"I'm going to be the odd one out on this thread and say you should avoid Endless Legend. It is almost a good game... But has terrible AI (and not just because it's easy), has game-breaking 'random events', a lack of gameplay freedom in its race choices, a lack of any type of in-game information about game, and several other issues that I won't go into because I'm going to get tired of typing.1. The terrible AI: The AI seems to be pre-programmed to follow a very strict chain of events in game. This is how all AI's are programmed - even in Civs to an extent - but the AI in Endless Legend is too strict as to force a certain playstyle to obtain certain goals. The best example are with the ""Legendary Deed"" acheivements which you earn by building a certain, really expensive, building or killing a certain number of enemy units. The AI is programmed in such a way as to always hit those at the earliest possible moment. So, in order to obtain them, you have to do lot of inventory micromanagement: Move all units into research so you can get the extractors, then move them all to construction so you can build those, and be sure to micromanage your build order too, because the loss of a single turn can really hose your plan to build that building! Some people will undoubtedly argue, ""This isn't an issue! It's a feature! I want to feel like I've really earned that building/deed!"" Of course, they are free to have their opinions and I am giving mine: it makes the game feel like a Starcraft II start, where every click and every button-press is scrutinized and once you've figured it out then the early gameplay becomes nothing more than tedious and idiotic.2. The horrible random events: So I'm playing the game and I think to myself, ""I'm actually not doing too badly; I've got loads in construction and have really prioritized dust (the money in the game) generation to ensure I have some good cashflow."" Then, without any warning, ""There has been a misuse of dust, so all tiles that generate dust will suffer a -2 penalty to their inherent dust generation."" (To put things in perspective, many of the tiles have only a +1 or +2 dust generation, and most dust upgrades give you a +% bonus instead of a flat income.) So I got a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at my now -60 dust loss per turn but that doesn't even come close to how mad I was that the game starts SELLING YOUR UNITS FOR YOU to make-up any dust deficit you accrue. So there went my military too... Seriously, game? You're going to completely screw me on some randomly-generated event I had absolutely no control over?3. The race choices: This is another one where I see people saying, ""That's not a problem, it's a feature of the game!"" But it's a problem to me, plain and simple. Each race is given a ""suggested"" victory condition, so if you like to play domination you have 1-2 options to chose from, and if you want to play diplomatic victory, you also have only 1-2 options to chose from. My problem is this: What if I don't like the bullcrap civilization traits that come with my preferred victory conditions? One civ has absolutely no science at all - you just can't get any of it - so instead you have to buy research improvements using dust (could you imagine getting that damned event playing as these guys?). But they're best-suited for a certain victory condition... So your options are to either ""figure it out"" with another civ (which is fun at first until it gets to be the same grind as in problem #1) or just go back to the one you'll always be playing as. At least in Civ 5, I could be a Mayan treehugger or a warlord Ghandi, that freedom is lost in Endless Legend.4. A lack of in game information: Yes, yes, I know there is a 5-minute tutorial that shows you how to move your units and how to click on things; that's not what I'm talking about here. The real issue is that there are core game mechanics that are completely blocked behind trial-and-error. One good example is your cities - you know, those things that generate all of your resources for you. Spoiler alert: you can actually level-up your cities! This is only mentioned in a tooltip when hovering your mouse over your city. The logical question then becomes: what does a lv.2 city give me? Well good luck finding that out without having to try it several times to see what bonuses it gives to each resource. Oh, and when you first play, I hope you notice all those basically-essential research technologies which allow you to talk to the minor factions, buy heroes, and trade goods on the open market. But don't worry! The game made them look exactly like all the other technologies so I hope you sit there and mouse-over literally everything on the screen to see which ones are: ""Oh yeah, this tech allows you to actually proceed in the game."" And which ones are: ""+15% to food generation in a single city."" Perhaps a tiny star so we can't miss something on our first couple times through? In Civs, the tech trees were dependently-tiered, so you couldn't miss a tech unless you really, really tried to miss it.5. Bonus gripe!: Where on God's green earth is the minimap? In civs, it was blurry, low-res and basic... But with a single click I could be half a world away and at least be in the right area! In this game, I hope you like holding down the WASD keys to scroll, because you'll be doing a lot of it! It's one of those things you don't miss till it's gone, but man does it make a huge difference!"
76561197968399734,Not Recommended,289130,13152779,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Qrlx,"It's hard to not recommend a game I have over 100 hours on.  When the game works it's great but bugs both consistent and unexpected ruin the fun.I replaced the 64 bit client with 32 bit and crashes to desktop were reduced but not eliminated   The game UI drags as your empire expands, at which point simple things like scrolling over the map are laggy and broken regardless of your graphics settings.  Then the UI gets even worse it when it snows, which happens more and more as the game progresses.My new problem is my game is stuck computing the next turn, endlessly.  I went back a few autosaves and made it a few turns ahead but then the bug happened again.  Searching the forums reveals I am not alone.It's really a shame because I'd love to see my horde of Cultists armies raze the cities of those smug Drakenlings who think they can settle right next to me, on my own continent.   But the code is so broken, and with it my dreams of glory."
76561198059892163,Not Recommended,289130,19655244,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,vincentlocas,"Dumb AI.Feels like they simply recycled the concepts of Endless space and it felt really awkward.It also has a strong Civilization 5 feel, regarding the graphics and gameplay.Hared to explain, but I'm a fan of strategy games but I just could not enjoy it. Not enough to say: Just one more turn."
,Not Recommended,289130,22325351,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,btppmc,"There is a lot to delve into in this game... I think. As a long-time Civ player, I thought I had a decent handle on 4x games, and so was excited to fire up this one. I played through the (very short!) tutorial, and everything seemed straight-forward enough, and so I set my first game on ""Newbie"" difficulty and jumped in.Unfortunately, the learning curve becomes a cliff at that point. The help menu literally takes you to an ad-filled, very incomplete and poorly updated wiki page on the internet; no Civiliopedia here. By the end of the game, I was getting warnings that AI players were nearing victory types I literally did not know - and apparently had no way to know, shy of out-of-game googling - were in the game.So do I recommend this game? It seems like it could be fun, but the very rudimentary tutorial, and lack of a ""help"" file (or a useful wiki page) really turn me off. I think I could get into it... with another 10-20 hours of learning/googling/messing about on low difficulty levels. Other people apparently really like it, so there must be some way to access that information that I apparently couldn't or didn't find on my first 9 hours of play.To me, that seems a little too steep. Which is a shame, because it looks like there is a lot here to discover."
76561198086093824,Not Recommended,289130,23002551,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Got to be Real,"When I first started playing EL I thought it was brilliant, but it wasnt long before I changed my mind.There are some very good ideas in it for sure, and the way it plays in some ways is very unique. very quickly I became very disapointed with the lack of customisable options in it, and the lack of any real mod support for the game means that unless you want to try to spend hours trying to learn how to mod the game for yourself, you end up being stuck with many of its annoyingly over-simplistic and highly repettitive and predictable features.In the end, the annoying bits of it outweighed the good parts, and I stopped playing it after starting about 100 maps with different factions, but never completing it becasue it just wasn't giving me a good enough game experience; every map just felt like the same as the last with no way to get out of the same predicatble quests and predictable events and predictable game aspects (like for example, the fact that the hero market is ALWAYS the same, every single game, no variations).This would be a great game if the ideas in it were more developed, allowed for more variation and players had more choices and were allowed to have more control over its options.A big solution to the problem would be to:1) have a user-friendly game editor. Particularly the ability to easily make custom factions, heros, and maps.2) have much more control over the game start parameters, and have much more customisation in-game.3) Have much more variations, alternatives and choices in-game with regards to quests."
76561198006933199,Not Recommended,289130,22132278,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Akim,"I am just bored. Even over a year, I really tried to like it, I tried to start over and over again... but somehow it just lacked the magic. I can't 100% tell you why. The map, the ideas... all sounds interesting, but in the end I never felt like any Empire or Kingdom I identify with. I put 100s of hours into games like Civilization, Crusader Kings and Europa Universalis, so usually I like this kinda of games. But Endless Legend... I was just super bored every time I try it. There is noting particularly bad or wrong with it, but nothing that piques my interest at all. Way too generic and without coolness factor."
76561198075590590,Not Recommended,289130,22902962,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Lamps,"Every other negative review is bang on. I found this game to be boring, complicated to learn, and not fun. It looked as if it had so much potential."
,Not Recommended,289130,16405741,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,KellionBane,"Few points-Combat takes forever.  There's no option to set the default to ""auto"" so you don't waste half an hour trying to fight one army, because you forgot to hit ""auto"" and be done that fight in 3 seconds.The developers have no concept of what a ""right click"" is, much of the micro management between armies and heroes is clunky and could use some serious tuning.  A short cut menu on right click would have been SUPER helpful.There is also no window that lets you manage your cities enmass, such as assigning their next build queue quickly.  You have to move around the map clicking on every city individually.Military units are exteremely limiting... I've only seen 3 units for my faction.There's an annoying pop up reminding you that your cities are not building anything, when you can easily run out of things to build in your cities (Save for military units- Which cost upkeep).The DLC content doesn't seem to add much to the game."
,Recommended,289130,24530640,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,"This game is like ""Hey son, lemme tell you how bad at everything you are."" The movie adaptation."
76561197973795771,Not Recommended,289130,30112130,Posted: 22 February,all,Zaoth,"The positives:  Awesome graphics, great attention to detail, beautiful animation, excellent broad city management system, well integrated quest management system.The negatives: The game has no ""quick option"" meaning you waste many hours looking at the beautiful animation.  The UI is a bit clumsy.  For some reasons (I assume animation), even on low graphics the GPU kicks on an just keeps humming away.I'm just finishing my third game and am unlikely to play it again.  The positives do not outway the negatives enough for me."
76561198016282032,Not Recommended,289130,12329924,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,cosmopolis,"This game needs more character. It is very hard to understand who is enemy or who is friend since it somehow depends on your influence. This makes it hard to emotionally form bonds either with our foes or your friends. also, you practically have the same units throughout the game, which again, makes it harder for you to feel that you are improving your civilization. Yes you upgrade their weapons or armor but still they are the same."
,Recommended,289130,28827606,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Τίτος Αλεπού,"""Great, amazing, fantastic!"" © Agent Francis York Morgan"
76561197969508564,Not Recommended,289130,22907499,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,DamnedChoir,"Game with a great backstory, beautiful graphics, and horrible, frustrating mechanics.I kept playing this game because I wanted to like it. The IDEA of the game is great, but the execution...it's just lacking."
76561198038590740,Recommended,289130,29992067,Posted: 17 February,all,Trainingbra,Great game would play again 10/10
,Not Recommended,289130,20238737,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sir Spoony,"Game was great and had it's time, but sadly that time is over.  There is absolutely no online multiplayer.  This is a deal breaker for me.  If you are expecting to be able to make skirmish matches with you + A.I. vs A.I. think again.  Sadly half my game time is just opening the game to check multiplayer.  Bets thing about the experience was the music...Huge disappointment for me so sadly I can't recommend"
,Not Recommended,289130,20361839,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Clemenules,"Beautiful to look at, yes. Nice UI? Yes. Unintuitive and boring? Sadly, yes.Endlessly boring, for me. Pushed myself through one game. Got attacked once by an enemy faction and I guess about ten times by a minor or quest related one. Rest of game was spent without conflict, accidentally discovering a couple of  important mechanics after it was way too late to do any good and accidentally discovering win conditions (I lost the 1 game I played, not going to play a second one). So, utterly boring game which then ended quite unexpectedly (once I got a warning that an enemy civ was close to victory it was way too late for me to do anything about it).Pro's:- Pretty- Pretty UI (meaning the UI is pretty. It's not intuitive though)- I like the city building mechanic (how your city sprawls out as it grows), but it should have been explained better- Quest line for each Civ is not a bad idea. The Wild Walkers' one was boring though, maybe others are better.Cons:- Many, many ""innovative"" mechanics that are not explained at all or not well (I had to alt-tab to a browser for a wiki way too many times)- Means many of the ""innovative"" mechanics are unintuitive (never needed help playing any of the Civ games). It would have been nice to know I could level up districts before I accidentally saw it explained on a Wiki after turn 100.- Unit customization: too much fuss- Units in general: you have the same 2 or 3 units (from your own civ) to build for the entire game, you just improve their armor (hitpoints) and weapons. But you have to manually do this in their designs every time you get the appropriate tech or materials;- Combat: boooring. Tried once (in the tutorial), for the game I played just used the auto resolve all the time;"
,Not Recommended,289130,13552027,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,da king,"The game is fun, if a bit shallow for a 4X title. However, the constant crashes I've experienced make it impossible to recommend buying the game. They're truly infuriatingly frequent. [v1.0.24]"
,Not Recommended,289130,13574777,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,masked,"Endless Legend is a great game -- its a fun RTS style game similar to Civilization and it really is great,  if you can get it to run well without crashing.  If you spend any time doing research on this game you'll notice that crashes happen ALL the time with a lot of people that run this game.I run into crashes at least once every hour or so.. and sometimes, when I exit the game properly,  it crashes upon loading my save games.  It doesn't matter if they're autosaves or if I save it manually.. either way they end up crashing.  Some games I'll be at my 200th turn and save the game.... come back the next day and won't be able to resume the game out of ANY of my manual or auto saves.  The crash reports are pretty much useless, even when you report them which is cumbersome to do at best considering how many crash reports I have now -- don't expect them to be resolved.Thats an entire days worth of gaming wasted for me...  and I have to start all over again. I have yet to ever successfully complete a single game.I think the game is worth it... definitely worth the cost of buying it on sale...  it really is fun given that you can play it without crashing.  Perhaps there are some PC builds that run the game much better, though I have never dealt with crashing of this magnitude ever before with any other game -- so consider this review fair warning.  Below is what I think about the game:+Graphics and animations are great+Lots of options for customizing your nation/units/cities+lots of complex ways to win, and you can customize how you want games to be won as well.-No borderless windowed mode?------crashing  lots and lots of crashing.  virtually unplayable at times."
76561198051016358,Not Recommended,289130,19634342,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,tallan_spt,"Game is just outside of frame, no matter what resolution or whether you minimise the screen. Also I thought my mouse needed calibrating, but turned out that the cursor is off so where im hovering over one icon it'll actually highlight the icon 1 or 2 down the row or column. Spent hours just trying to get these 2 issues fixed to no prevail."
,Not Recommended,289130,20108627,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,dc,"I would like to give Endless Legend a neutral feedback, because i think a lot of people will (and do) love this game. But for me personally it was the first game i refunded.The game has beautiful graphics and landscapes and feels finished and polished (a nice feat nowadays).But i felt the gameplay was lacking, especially the combat felt uninspired and super slow paced. There also were some limitations on expanding your empire by allowing only one city per region without having the possibility to expand further out of those boundaries. Also the prerequisited quests/extermination of minor factions residing in other areas felt a bit lacking and gameflow stopping.I would have liked to experience a little more of the game but the 2h return policy forced a decision from me early on. I decided against Endless Legend."
76561198018356881,Recommended,289130,9959323,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,CASUAL OLD MAN,So far... so good.
76561198048347128,Recommended,289130,13157762,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Neverdie,This title takes place in the wonderful universe already established by accomplished sci-fi writer George Lucas.
76561198125301022,Not Recommended,289130,13358138,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,davidbhaley,"While I enjoy turn based games like Heros of Might and Magic, this game just wasn't very engaging. The mechanics are interesting and I liked the quests; those are the best attributes of the game. Building improvements didn't make a visible difference in the city, so that wasn't very fulfilling. The battle mechanism is very slow, so much so that the battles were boring. The game isn't terrible, just dull."
76561198024469649,Not Recommended,289130,13711233,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DumbCustomer,"This is a very good looking 4x game.But :- there are still bugs 4 months after they have been signaled- the AI is inexistent, making the game way too easy. This is quite common among 4X games but for endless legend, upgrading your army weapons means turning on God Mode as NPC factions don't do it.- In the end it is more a contemplative experience of a marvelously good looking game (Firaxis, be ashamed of your Civilizations) than any kind of challenge.The lack of challenge from NPC opponents is something common in 4X games, as the use of the words ""artificial intelligence' is just marketing (there is no such thing). But for Endless Legend, there is just no challenge and I got bored on my first game, despite the interesting idea of faction quests.I feel really let down by the reviews, specially the one from RPS whom I used to trust but have become over the last year yet another mediocrity celebrating gaming website.You could like this game, just accept beforehand that just as in Civilization, you won't encounter any challenge from the faction NPCs. This is really too bad."
76561198010757578,Not Recommended,289130,15431870,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Grim_Reaper,"To start whit DON'T BUY THE GAME.Im a RTS Veteran and love the old school turned base games, but this is to easy.The AI is a bit weak i needed to play above Hard to get a normal game.The Units you can use are only a hand full.1st is a Setler unit2nd is an Infantri unit3th is an cavalery or flying unitAnd a Hero unit, this unit is strong and your use this to win every fight.Keep in mind that they had a good idee but it needed more units.The Grafics are good and the Ground/Playingfield has been nicely made.The Units has been nicely made as well.I hope there going to fix it because from how it looks now its not that good."
76561198036032420,Not Recommended,289130,18004879,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ryans,Not sure how this game won a game of the year. It looks great. The interface looks new and clean but the game is rather boring and the battles are terrible. So bad I wish they would auto-resolve.
,Recommended,289130,12306188,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,WHAT A RUSH,Kicks the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of civ.
,Recommended,289130,9933132,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Dacian Prayer,If you like 4x games or Civ5 this is definetly a game for you :DBeautiful graphics and great gameplay even in Alpha
,Recommended,289130,24487490,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Who's That Man?,"This is one of those game where you say to yourself, ""I'll just play a couple more turns and I'll stop"" and then 6 hours pass. I had to uninstall this game to make sure I went to bed at a reasonable time. There's a very large learning curve, but it's not impossible to get good at the game. The in game tutorial is lacking so some outside research will probably be needed. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,289130,20166862,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kiki Kalani,"I had to buy another game to unlock content in this one.Automatic bad review. This is not a very morally sound business practice.Also, no foxes. Not a single one.Edit: They made the DLC free now, though only for new players. The angry red thumbs down bad review sign absorbs the malice of the developers and becomes even more red and angry and 'no'y."
76561197996122016,Not Recommended,289130,13560897,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Wrath,"Endless Legend, endless bugs."
76561198060258132,Not Recommended,289130,16725976,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Anso,I love Civ and this game was kinda meh imo.
76561198025644084,Not Recommended,289130,17798209,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Beatus,"I'm running the game an Mac OS 10.10.5 (14F27) and the game started crashing after ~2 hours of playtime, I could start it again twice, but now I'm unable to start it without another crash… Therfore I'm unable to play it on my Mac."
,Recommended,289130,30041493,Posted: 19 February,all,Gladeflower,4x strategy with unique scifi-fantasy athmospshere. perfect score 1263781723761293786126736971263 out of 1263781723761293786126736971263
,Recommended,289130,21114907,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,K1R0CK,YES
76561197983213137,Not Recommended,289130,14558293,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,heliodorus04,"Terrible game completely without the ""just one more turn!"" feel of classic 4X games.  I played 5 games of this, and nothing ever happened except that the map turned white because of ""winter"" once in a while.  Unit building has no flare because combats are dull and boring thanks to the complete non-control of your units in combat.  I cannot understand why people are giving this game such high marks - I've already deleted it."
76561198005404224,Recommended,289130,12178911,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Phalnax811,I prefer spaceships over swords but I prefer Endless Legend over Endless Space (still a good game).  infinity/infinity would recommend.
,Recommended,289130,23765867,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,archcorenth,"Endless Legend is perhaps the best Civ-like game I've played.  Mostly because of the gorgeous environments, the interesting races, and the multitude of things to discover.  The races play extremely differently from one another, which gives the game far more replayabilty than Civ in which the differences are so minor that you would do fine even if you didn't look up your race's special ability.  Also, there is more of a focus on adventuring, kind of like Age of Wonders, so you are never left just clicking end turn over and over again while you wait for your human opponents to wage interminably long wars.  Finally city management is more interesting with it allowing you to put your citizens to work in different ways.My only complaint is the wonky combat system which makes perhaps too many choices for you, but it is interesting too, I think of myself as more of a general while my troops do what they think is best."
76561198105841563,Recommended,289130,31541181,Posted: 4 May,all,禁毒法,laugh at the Chinese people to destroy international solidarity
,Recommended,289130,12536247,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,"This is a really well made game that brings it's own type of fantasy style towards 4x types. If you are in the mood for a Sci-Fi slash Fantasy slash Completely Different Indescribable Thing I Can't Think Of Because It's 3am, give this game a whirl. Make sure you read the manual and do the tutorial, it's more complex than most 4x games, but it's still something to can play drunk if that's your thing.This game is an example of Early Access done right."
76561198032600860,Recommended,289130,23485044,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Soloeus,Great game. Love very much!
76561198065009073,Recommended,289130,26066488,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,josipa.josic,What a nice game.Great job!
,Recommended,289130,26084724,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Ragonath,ythis game veryh godod i like12r enddless djefbtreatekniæo12kj 1o/10ow121
76561198079512901,Recommended,289130,28622196,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,A.K,God damn its addicting
,Recommended,289130,30478553,Posted: 12 March,all,sSnapcity,10/10 Awesome Game!Join the reddit and discord!
,Recommended,289130,30588869,Posted: 18 March,all,HohenheimOfLight,Best game ever!!!!!
76561198006619926,Not Recommended,289130,22340904,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,palantar,"An interesting game in an interesting world with some unusual innovations in the usual 4X formula.  All great things and yet this is a ""Don't Recommend"" review.  Why, well at any given point you may find your progress stymied by incomprehensible frustration.  You may for example receive a quest to find a city with no map markers, so instead of making really interesting 4X type decisions, you spend the next two hours right clicking your units around the map hoping to blindly happen across the right city.  Or you might be asked to raise the level of your home city or district when the game makes absolutely no other mention of how to do that (it means build a burough surrounded by 4 other burroughs, but good luck figuring that out).  The turns themselves are interminable.  The AIs sit and think for so long that you will probably find yourself spending the majority of your time just waiting for the end of turn calculations.  If the next thing your faction needs to do is 10 turns away, you will spend minutes doing absolutely nothing but watching the button grey out and fill back in again.So, short version: A beautiful, interesting game whose frustrations unfortunately outweight the fun."
76561198085572962,Recommended,289130,13753679,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Thomas Nast,Suprisngly fun and challegning. I'm bad at these types of games even though I still ejoyed it.
76561198037071036,Recommended,289130,12169760,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ATAKISH,youre game have been giving me a amount of errors and i cant play it at all which is a shme because i really like it . and i wanted to know if is a server problem or if is just happening to me so please let me know whats wrong
76561198009497230,Recommended,289130,12181528,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,aatwinglass,wast of time and money very bad no good going to delit
,Recommended,289130,12279448,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,✪ Cheerios320 | Collector,Better than civ by far!
,Recommended,289130,12499403,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Ravern (SVK),good game
76561198046441319,Recommended,289130,12639631,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Elwood,Great game
,Recommended,289130,14133682,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,NoahNoahNoahNoahNoah,ye
76561198131586563,Recommended,289130,14960955,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,M4rqui,"This is a great game. Similar to Civ 5, but different in enough ways to make it really interesting.Personally, I think it's at least as good as Civ 5, possibly better. Definitely worth getting."
,Recommended,289130,19274949,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Soot,Great
76561198067893996,Recommended,289130,16411711,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,『GOUGI MASTER』,"Pretty fun game, can use more spaghettiO units though"
76561198060666238,Recommended,289130,26522528,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Stron(G)erus,"If u know this type games u'll get use to it no time, game close to civ but ı think civ is better but this game's cool too and addictive (different atmosphere ,race etc.) if u asking worth to play = YES definitely"
76561198035152604,Recommended,289130,19804427,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Graeculus Magnus,10/10
,Recommended,289130,12748884,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,madest1,I LIKE :L
76561198037896458,Recommended,289130,27847947,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,naztmann,"I was trying to actually post a useful review, but Steam keeps telling me there's an error. So here's a useless review for you Valve, and it's your own fault."
76561198044015854,Recommended,289130,15442469,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Orangetang: Master of Juice,It has a race of dragon people.What other reason could you possibly want this game for?
76561197995301149,Recommended,289130,19167366,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,iro,Very similar to Civ 5. Great game and would play this anyday of the week.
76561198047521391,Recommended,289130,15427529,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Adamu Yojimbo,"+ Much harder than Civ+ One game takes 10h on ""fast""+ Amazing graphics+ Wonderful music+ Simple UI+ Great fights9.76/10"
76561197998335822,Recommended,289130,12162034,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Runing fast attack,This great is really great .it really is what i wished for its like combining heroes and civ togather and creating a new game that combines both elementsrecommending this to everyone .
,Recommended,289130,13170644,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,BillBill Jenkins,Cool 11/10
76561198048496853,Not Recommended,289130,29021881,Posted: 4 January,all,Foolsparadise,Couldn't get into game for some reason and wasn't a fan of the combat system in fact that was what did the game in for me.
76561198118874797,Recommended,289130,17795978,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Laelaps,Its a fun game a bit diffrent from other games like Sid Meiers but still is fun in its own ways
,Recommended,289130,15342241,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Krieger_Zero,Like Skyrim without guns
76561197972433636,Not Recommended,289130,13998203,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Bodkins,"Probably the prettiest 4X game ever, but the fights are dull and not really that tactical I tend to just auto through them now. Research seems endless and exhaustive, I think Civ does that better and Fallen enchantress does the fights better. Overall its a bit overhyped it could of been a civ 5 mod really. Nothing really excites me when playing this game and nothing really much happens either. Keep on pressing end turn, in the hope something turns up."
76561198080365571,Not Recommended,289130,15929173,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,suboceans11,"Interesting concepts, extremely beautiful design. But there just isn't enough happening for me..."
76561198021962497,Not Recommended,289130,13485092,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DevDeathRay,"Uninspired. Basically a simpler version of Civ. While combat is technically turn-based, you don't get to command each unit. Combat is esentially a spectator sport."
76561198016795836,Not Recommended,289130,14061039,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Slappywiggle,The only positive to this game it the art style. Every 4x game play part of the game has been done better in other games. The groups are annoying. All of them are unique but in a way that forces one play style and only one play style on you for each group.
76561197964921657,Not Recommended,289130,16661316,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Trojan,"I loved this game for the 1st several hours I played until I hit what's basically a soft ending.You know how Civ ends the game a certain point in the near future?  Well Endless Legend has a ""winter"" system that throws your world into what amounts to an Endless winter. You units barely move and your cities die off. Basically that grinds on till you quit.Unlike Civ with it's ""Just one more turn"" there is no way to bypass it.  And suprisingly there are zero options to adjust it. I can adjust and customize virtually every parameter in the game, except winter.I'll Keep checking back, If the dev team adds any way to adjust or customize winter Ill change my review to a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,289130,16875503,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Space Otter,Worst game i've ever played.
76561198079691259,Not Recommended,289130,20732370,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ghaag,This game keeps crashing my Mac.
,Not Recommended,289130,13783537,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,flungpoo,"I bought this game thinking it would be fun break from Civ5 and it might have been had there not been so many game breaking errors. I suggest you review the Amplitude tech forums and you'll see for youself.The major error I get is when the game tries to quick or auto save, it errors out and a large red window appears with a massive error which makes saving impossible; and I'm not the only one with this error.Also, as the game progresses and you build more towns the game will severely lag and does crash if you don't turn down the settings. I can play Farcry4, DA:I, Civ5 and other graphic heavy games on ultra, except this game.You've been warned."
76561197970377012,Not Recommended,289130,13666799,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[LLC]3Peso,"It is simply loughable that you can end up in a situation where you can do litterally nothing than sit and wait. When your only city is under siege you can't do anything else. For me, this game is broken in it's game mechanics."
,Not Recommended,289130,13860448,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Grazzit,"I feel like this is just a derivative tweak on fallen enchantress, which is also a pretty boring game.    Unit variety is pretty slim, the tiered tech tree is just annoying,  the combat is unique...  the province system is not to my liking with some being rididcuously large and others being oddly small.  All of this just adds up to a game that is just boring and if you're interest in how boring it is look at twitch and see how many people are streaming and watching it.  It has good ideas but it just doesn't come together for me well enough, maybe they'll tweak it and improve it but as of this writing I can't advise anyone purchasing this game."
76561197967776474,Not Recommended,289130,13867092,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Serious J,"Consistent crashes plague what would otherwise be a decent game. Also, they included the simultaneous moves during a turn for all factions that Endless Space had, and it's one of the worst features a turn based strat game could have"
76561198025016148,Not Recommended,289130,13961674,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Git Gud. sNIPeR ftw,I dunno... I love Civ. Everyone says this is great and I just don't like it. Huh. *sobs*
76561198052543644,Not Recommended,289130,15632267,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,kendrickyeo,"Please make sure your computer is 64bit with more then 4gig of memoryOtherwise you will be unable to play this game due to constant memory error roughly once every 10 mins or so and you will be unable to save the game after a memory error has occured. Setting graphics to the lowest lowest will not help solve this problem.AI needs alot of improvement as it is way too easy.Manual combat is so horribly boring that i just auto - resolve all the way.Other then that, game has alot of potential on the lore, factions and buildings. However if your computer does not meet their requirements, SAVE your money and avoid purchasing this game."
76561197971025777,Not Recommended,289130,15933861,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,jan_parsons,"Plenty of people have praised this as the game that Civ Beyond Earth was not and I might be able to agree with that. However, neither of those two games played as beautifully and balanced as Civ V. Endless Legend does look pretty good, but gameplay is awkward with problems like small armies being able to overrun even fortified cities in one turn. Grab six strong troops and roll over your enemies. game over. I'll just leave Civ V on my computer for when i get the urge, but have deleted Endless Legend.As an aside, I loved the game that came with the package - Dungeon of the Endless."
76561198082377494,Not Recommended,289130,20750063,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,IT LAMA - Netalentovany rapistaa,"I am very unhappy with this game. Despite looking good in the video I was unable to play it at all... No matter how many times I reinstalled the game, it started after 2 seconds it opened a window with a video playing which crashed after another 2 seconds. A huge error windows popsup afterwards with lots of info etc. Cmon I want to install and play ... not solve a lifelong problem. Mac OSX 10.11.4 user so this might work for Windows users, bare in mind."
76561197989054556,Not Recommended,289130,20826734,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,wards win games,Loved Endless space. This however is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not sure why it got such glowing reviews.
76561198056752755,Not Recommended,289130,21118292,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Velkiior,"Ok, so this game is awesome ... so why did i not recommend this game ? There is just so many game breaking bugs when playing multiplayer that this end up as an anoying game ! Frustration is a word that fit this game ..."
76561198010676887,Not Recommended,289130,21224586,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Wheezel,"This game could be so good if they didn't have such a buggy interaction with Macs. I don't usually use Mac PCs but it's all I have and it's free- so while I won't defend Apple, I will say it is incredibly frustrating that developers continue to release games that will be buggy. Just don't make it available for mac, don't take my money, and while you may be poorer, at least you won't have this bad review on your steam page."
,Not Recommended,289130,22993716,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Ukulele Man,"Over the course of half a year, I have tried to open this game over a dozen times on my Mac laptop. Has never loaded.It is PROBABLY a great game. I just wish I could play it.If the issue is resolved I will happily change my review to positive (so long as I believe it is a good game) but currently I am kind of annoyed that I bought all the DLCs as well (I know, good plan, right?) to save a few bucks for later, and justed ended up wasting all my money."
76561198009542667,Not Recommended,289130,17428886,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Secutor,"A read a review somwhere before buying this game that it was somewhat like reading tax code,line by line.I should have listened."
76561198085995654,Not Recommended,289130,17936300,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Spectral Panther,"I bought this game cause I expected it to be as good as people made it sound. A Civ5 with better story, better interactions and a lot of strategy and planning involved. What I got was a game with incredibly annoying text size, slow, boring phased mechanics and clunky combat. The factions are pretty much a bunch of mages, so if you looking for a deferent feel per faction you won't really get it.There is a few good sides to this game, the map is beautiful and the way the fog of war is uncovered is quite amazing. The music is heh, the voice acting is meh, the cinematics are quite nice and the only problem I see is the small text wich in a game where information is vital makes me want to chew my balls before playing it for longer than 20 mins. Also the factions are so freaking boring...and the city management is so slow and bleh that I really can't recomend this game, if anything I say is a 5/10 maybe even 4/10."
,Not Recommended,289130,19687029,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Plastic bag,BORING
,Not Recommended,289130,20715822,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Winter,"Endless Boring.Beware of the fanboyz rating. I would recommend to get this when it’s in at least 80% discount.From a Board Game perspective, it is simply awesome. Note: There is no campaign story mode in this game. You have to figure most of the things by yourself that not taught in tutorial.From a PC gaming perspective, it is a strategic game that does not require tactical combat and all you do is build and research.But If you are expecting this game to be like Anno or Total War series, this game is NO WHERE near to that category."
76561198124876071,Not Recommended,289130,13537139,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,adam_truchon,"I thought this looked like a nice game, but I was extremely disappointed with it. I found it boring, unintuitive, and I stopped trying to enjoy it by the time I realized I couldn't even use the auto-explore button that was present in my units' menu. If you are considering buying this game, I'd say do yourself a favor and buy Civilization instead."
76561198006740592,Not Recommended,289130,13653799,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ich bine ein syltmunk,"I really want to like this game, but sadly the game freezes almost every time I try to launch a campaign or open a save file, or do most anything from the menu. I run a low performance system, but still good enough to pass minimum requirements so it's really s***ty if they have just straight up lied about what specs you need. I'm going to try and reinstall it later to see if that magically helps, but I doubt it."
76561198016338339,Not Recommended,289130,15085962,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Grooves,"Not impressed in the least.. thought it was going to be like CIV, but it couldn't hold my attention very long.."
76561198043549889,Not Recommended,289130,17127642,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,gregg.noble14,How this game won Game of the Year somewhere I can't understand.  It is essentially a slow-paced Age of Wonders III.
,Not Recommended,289130,18960708,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Nosstea.tv,"This game becomes almost unplayable once you have more than 2-3 cities. Every city needs to be individually managed, making the game so slow and boring that you'll want to blow your brains out. If you must play this, at least choose the robots who only have one city. I legitamately believe that the bugs who are supposed to expand a whole bunch are unplayable."
76561198119578472,Not Recommended,289130,22381313,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,jamesarthurbleaiii,"I just recently got this game hoping for a refreshing strategy game having played Civilization: Beyond Earth and Starcraft II to death. At first I was greatly relieved and enjoyed the customization and interesting feel but as I progressed I experienced serious if not simply annoying issues. I ceased being able to autosave correctly and/or save. While the computer registered a save eventually I initially experienced a lack of saves altogether and resorted to numerous 'fixes' I found on the Amplitude forums and Steam. All failed to address the issue. I tried to enjoy the game anyway but every so many turns I get a big red window with a bunch of Error info on it. I'll just chalk this up to impulse buying and avoid similar titles from here on in. Here's a warning to other potential buyers: Don't get this game. Happy hunting, fellow gamers."
76561198129917198,Not Recommended,289130,20305523,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Partially_Derived,"I was excited about endless legend, but i just cant get into it. I hate the factions, the gamemechanics feel like work.....4/10"
,Recommended,289130,22360037,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Physicist,"早点出中文汉化版啊，这么好玩的游戏，没中文玩着好吃力！！！早点出官方汉化，我一定买买买所有的DLC!!!Please release Chinese version as quickly as possible!,so good game! no Chinese version is a pity!if it has chinese version some day ,i will buy all the DLC!!!!"
76561198025804374,Recommended,289130,13425571,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Bandidoot Cootertoot,"Its like Civ 5, but better in my opinion"
,Recommended,289130,13438060,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Greasy Ol Black Fella,"Sheeee-It mang, dis♥♥♥♥♥♥is so good, its better than fried chicken. MMMMMM-MM"
,Recommended,289130,13282528,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
,Recommended,289130,13307298,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,ChazTheChemist,"Absolutely Addicting. If you like Civ type games, then this ones for you. Has some differences that at first take some getting used to but once you get used to the style you become addicted!"
,Recommended,289130,13422073,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,MarikSi,fantastic game 10/10
,Recommended,289130,13302879,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Krog the Mighty,"Hands down, my favorite 4X game to date. It's just so engaging, well thought out, in depth, and all around fun. I'm only about 24 hours in now but I can't wait to put more hours in."
76561198067791161,Recommended,289130,13313472,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Nullroot,Playing Endless Legend makes me feel better about buying the new Civ title.
76561198001616543,Recommended,289130,20107273,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,JAGAMER,"Not a fan of most 4x games but this one is beautiful. Has a lot of life and character to it. Exploring and battles are fun (a little hard at first) and rewarding. Enviroment is so full of life you want to build as much as you can.Only played one faction and was even sold on that so the replay value looks very good. Even the expasions are reasonably priced.Id recommend for anyone into fantasy, stratergy or 4 x titles."
76561198050646868,Recommended,289130,13282138,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,GaRa,I want to know this game
,Recommended,289130,15769949,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Trance,"More like, Endless Winter."
76561198060431900,Recommended,289130,25349291,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Eternal Master,its good.
76561198074591667,Not Recommended,289130,22713214,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,<CGY>Darkend,game is great Imersive and hard... however price point is far too expensive even tho i bought everything it still didnt ammount to me getting my 1$ per hour spent i look for in a game.Would reccomend if not so expensive
76561198071247852,Recommended,289130,13528473,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,#kony 2012 (hexblade),really fun game if you pay atention to the tutorial
76561198028913391,Recommended,289130,11995080,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Robearto,I love the UI
76561197993565231,Recommended,289130,12192522,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Indalamar,A step forward in the 4x genre. Interesting blend of Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic.
,Recommended,289130,17999654,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Imperfect Cog,One of the best 4x games ever made.
,Recommended,289130,20129139,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Daddy Creampuff,This is what CiV should have been.
76561197976840302,Recommended,289130,14506497,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Golgatha,good mod of Civ 5
,Recommended,289130,13266810,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,FrogMachine,"Fantasy Civ but better. The factions are all unique in playstyle and are equally as fun to play with, alongside a very imaginative, interesting world. Amplitude games ooze style."
76561198007623421,Not Recommended,289130,21416495,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,David,"I will not be able to recommend this game until the inclusion of content within the game is not tied to another product from the developer. Far from being happy with my purchase of the available DLC, I now feel cheated."
76561197993679220,Recommended,289130,22291804,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Thor's Throbbing Hammer,"This is one of those games that I love, but I also just can't get into.  The creativity and UI choices are awesome, but I find it harder to just jump into a game and win as opposed to CIV.Please note that I'm not saying this is a bad game by any stretch.  It's awesome, just not totally for me.  Still, i bought it and even more because I want to support this developer.  They are doing great things and I look forward to their future games as well."
,Recommended,289130,12174785,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Chivalric Panda,There seems to have been an error saving your review. Please try again later.
76561198017108944,Recommended,289130,21218065,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Avallac,"The best of Civilization, Galactic Civilizations and Heroes of Might and Magic. This game has it all. You'll notice a significant similarity to mechanics and general view of civilization, however the game has very distinctive and unique factions that play very differently. It's not just some building and a unit.The game has combat similar to HoMM, as well as heroes themselves that have skills, gain levels and can equip armor\weapons etc. Some of it is generic and can be equipped by everyone but a lot of powerful artifacts are from quests and exploration. Yes this game has quests and even a storyline for each faction which you can follow while playing the game as a normal 4x strategy. I consider this game to be the combination of the best features of the games mentioned above. Definitely worth a buy. However the AI gets boring to play against quite quickly so I'd suggest playing multipler with a friend or two later on."
76561198151355364,Recommended,289130,22327428,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Karov,Graphics - 10/10Gameplay - 10/10Sounds/Music 10/10This game is a rare gem...
76561197978126288,Recommended,289130,11621346,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Fedaykin,"Very cool game, I would like to see trade routes moved up to tier 1 or 2. Other than that, my favorite 4x game. More factions / custom factions will push it over the top for me.Also I would love to see more fan resources for the game to kick around ideas."
76561198006633159,Recommended,289130,12243967,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,CaptainBaseballBatBoy,Achievement to assimilate 3 minor factions is not called 'Assuming Direct Control'0/10
,Recommended,289130,12166759,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,BlueTrin,"Never heard of this game before it was featured on Steam, graphics and music are really good. It is worth definitely checking it if you like Civ style games and 4x games."
,Recommended,289130,13534262,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MagicDuckling_,"Very interesting and fun 4X game. Every faction have its unique abilities and traits. This game Will give you a lot of good time, if you know, how to play race, that you chosen."
,Recommended,289130,13538596,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Raparth,Anyone who remotely enjoys 4X strategy games should pick this up.
76561197962186657,Recommended,289130,15414453,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Tudekiks,strange game. nothing like Endless space. strange races strange world.....strange layout of the world. but well made and freaking huge. not for everyone atleast not for me. but still well made. best to get it on sale so you dont feel cheated. i dont feel cheated since i got it on sale thank god i didnt pay full price......
,Recommended,289130,15422653,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Sleepy Idol Mango-chan,"""Endless Legend"" - Has turn limit. Fun game but don't lie to me Devs. 0/10 for the deceit"
76561198079511871,Recommended,289130,15422786,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,GrammarNotsee,Great game. Buy it. Now.
,Recommended,289130,15425883,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Pink,-play as broken lords-look at hero face-quit10/10
76561198026840647,Recommended,289130,15422882,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,OriginalRecipe,"Probably one of the better 4x games in recent times, fresh and new additon to the genre"
,Recommended,289130,15415485,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,AgeCo,It mixes the gameplay of a 4x with the idea of an RPG fantasy world.As I walk around with a big dragon hero I find many things like floating rock creatures made of diamonds and mushroom kingdom centaurs that I then fought with flying dragon people...oh and my friend were floating armour crazy ghost people...More to the point somthing else good about it is it does not take as long to load as civ and instead of having to go through like 2 hours just to get somwhere in the game you can play for a good 1 and feel ok
76561198037245696,Recommended,289130,15028800,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,GreySlynxer,Great
76561197971786891,Recommended,289130,15419844,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Suhbleeya,"First 4x I've ever played. After watching a couple Let's Play it was very easy to get into the groove on easier difficulties. I is pretty apparent though that there are much more intricate systems going on in the game that come into play in more difficult games. Each race has very unique play. The UI is well designed and pretty intuitive even for someone who hasn't been playing 4x since the civs. The map transition between scales is absolutely gorgeous. AI seems fair. I can't speak as a 4x veteran, but for a new player this was the perfect game to get into the genre."
76561198148696532,Recommended,289130,15421782,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,dmister61,very well crafted game. surprised to find myself immersed in the game and thoroughly enjoying playing it. especially the multiplayer aspect with friends. very good.
76561197974666214,Recommended,289130,15426483,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,fadedferret,"Very fun 4X game with a killer art style and the kind of fleshed-out backstory that Civ: BE should have had.  Not quite as in-depth as a Civ, but comprable, and definitely a good introduction to 4X in general.  Two thumbs up!"
76561198035599494,Recommended,289130,15458346,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Liability,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥(Awesome)
,Recommended,289130,15426107,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chumbawamba,Amazing.
,Recommended,289130,31865813,Posted: 20 May,all,Mr_Squid,Lit
,Recommended,289130,22628798,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Cotton91,"Tony sucks at this game, He thinks hes the best but he actually sucks."
,Recommended,289130,23930621,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,spacepanda,"Top notch game, great for any fan of Civ or 4x - each race plays wildly different and the game is rich and colorful in story and atmosphere."
76561198006567656,Recommended,289130,19768673,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Star Paladin,"I have not really played Civ V since I purchased this game over a year ago.  The combat is a tiny bit lackluster, but every other aspect of the game shines and is amazing.   They sold a ""complete"" game for one price (none of this day one DLC nonsence).They also sold some great DLC, well ""after"" the game was released, at a very fair price.9/10"
,Recommended,289130,17230575,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sagrannus,"If you are looking for a turn-based 4X strategy that wanders a little off the beaten path, then Endless Legend is well worth a shot. With an interesting, fresh Fantasy setting, solid and functional gameplay, and a delightful aesthetic to boot, Endless Legend allows you to overlook its few shortcomings. Watch my full review below...https://youtu.be/FuU9QevcE4k"
,Recommended,289130,14987535,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Franic,"Endless Replayablity (See what I did there? The series' name is endless and the replayability is amazing and uh..okay.)This was my first 4x game so I can't really compare it to other games like Civilization. After the 30-minute tutorial (atleast for me), I instantly fell inlove with it.If you haven't played a 4x game ( like I was before I bought this) , then the gameplay mechanics will be very confusing unless you play the tutorial. They made a nifty feature where you can just close a window by right clicking which is very useful. You could play the game with just your mouse. There are also keyboard shortcuts.The battle mechanics are like a game within a game. You can manually chose how your army will fight. Also, you can customize each of your troops and heroes. Also, HEROES! You can buy heroes from the marketplace which can be a Governer or a General.Factions have diversity! No factions are alike ( except for the reskin of the Vaulters faction from the Emperor Edition but they mentioned that it was just a reskin). Each will play out differently. Each has its own unique advantages and disadvantages.The graphics and music are amazing. Not too bright nor too dark.The only downside for me is that there are barely any online games (atleast where I live). The bots are fine and dandy but sometimes I want some soul to feel the defeat , you know?"
,Not Recommended,289130,13477125,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,RageSteel,"The game looked interesting but after giving it a shot - it's slow, ponderous, and feels stale. I'd rather play civ 5 or heroes of might and magic/age of wonders. Music is relaxing but overall is dull/boring."
,Recommended,289130,12285119,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Cowboy,"Ok, I'm REALLY enjoying this game. The graphics and animations are fantastic, the UI is very well done, and it's a lot of fun to play. And with it set on ""easy"" I'm not getting totally owned!"
76561198099963093,Recommended,289130,33756759,Posted: 23 July,all,Frogmin,"Endless Cultists: The Quest For More Faces is a realistic open world survival crafting RPG that was kickstarted by 2 pelicans and a shoestring. You play as Jimmy Cultdude, who must convert everybody. None shall survive. I was very suprised by the new winter mechanics, where the game transforms into a dating sim where you must convince winter to just leave before it ruins anymore of your cities. Also, the loot crate system is trash. It tries to convince you to spend money in order to get a randomly generated piece of armor, and most of them cost titanium, and I don't even know what that word means. But I think this game's strongest aspect is in it's competitive multiplayer, where it is a race to see who can pay the most money to the developers. However, i feel like the ""bonus points"" system is broken. For example, i donated my brain to the developers for further testing, and I got 3 bonus points, whereas one of the other players detonated his own house and got 7! To make it worse, the game is riddled with bugs. For example, when I was crafting an iron pickaxe, my game glitched out and became this weird strategy game. The game wasn't even that good, but that might be because I don't have any hands. The visuals are great as well, I loved the excrutiating amount of detail put into the gang violence formed in my poorly consturucted slums. The sound design is probably good, but I wouldn't know as my ears are cut off. As a Call Of Duty fan, I can enjoy a first person perspective when you mine minerals. But, I will have to take points off as the city management screen is a blatent rip off of GTA.Overall, I give this game a 1/5. Garbage. Don't buy this unless you are a masochist. This is Tim from IGN, signing off."
,Not Recommended,289130,27384671,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,silkehartung,"I really didn't enjoy this, it was very samey-samey to me. I did try to like it but... nah... Sorry guys, loved the idea!"
76561197992266593,Not Recommended,289130,27910597,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jotegr,Game is waaaaay too slow regardless of settings. Tutorial is only useful if you've never touched a x4 game before but is otherwise completely worthless. Not fun.
76561198126599631,Not Recommended,289130,29828647,Posted: 10 February,all,ikskesmz,"I got this on sale a little while ago.  I figured a polished game for $5 would be a good deal.  I was wrong.  The graphics are good, but this needs a better tutorial to start.  Also, the interface is not very intuitive, and somehow I manage to select the unit I intend about %50 of the time.  If I wanted to do things the most painful way possible, I'd be a completely different person.  For those of us who are not masochists, give this game a miss."
76561198162318489,Not Recommended,289130,33297805,Posted: 5 July,all,420MLG360NoSCOPE,"Just another expand explore exterminate , I think that sums up the game and its up to you if you are into that type of games ,but i didnt feel like playing the game at all and dropped it after a few hours of gameplay.I dont say the game is bad , its well made and is really polished , but i cant bring myself to recommend it to anyone and will just gather dust in my library."
76561197970674217,Recommended,289130,23352890,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ryansamuels,"Top game, I like the part when the guy is on the roof. Will play again xoxo."
76561198064730466,Recommended,289130,15407749,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Infinimine,I enjoyed it.
76561198070609885,Recommended,289130,27888888,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BoB,I recommend this game whole heartedly.That said it has its problems... but I don't have the time to write about that forever. I have fixed all my issues by googling a solution. I think it's great.-----     \|-----     /
,Not Recommended,289130,23465082,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,limith,"A clean UI, unique features, but poor game design that makes expansion the only reasonable strategy. Unlike Civ V where other victory conditions are feasible on their own, you need to be aggressive and expand in Endless Legend in order to achieve any of the other victory conditions, making the other conditions moot. The main reason is due to the penalties of expanding not scaling porportionate to increases in resources gained by annexing new territory. In Civ V, if you go for cultural victory, having more cities increases the cost significantly so there is a nice balance between how many cities you should have. You can rely on city states to help you in wars, etc. You cannot do the same in Endlss Legend by growing ""tall""."
76561198037824063,Not Recommended,289130,23618943,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Panzerotto,"I' m writing this review after 60h of gameplay, and I was very uncertain wheter to write a positive review or a negative one. In the end i do not recommend this game though, because it really feels like it miss something that even with all the variou$ dlc they couldn' t add. I think it' s a good idea combining 4x with heroes and quests but i think this games isn' t particullary good in both of them... specifically the combat system is not very intuitive and smooth, and there are no real threats to expansion so you can just ""snowball"" your way through victory without seriously planning  deep strategies and pondering decisions. In sinthesis, even if this game has lots of potential, I think it lacks depth. Let' s hope in a solid sequel."
76561197985072747,Not Recommended,289130,13216637,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Turn Based Strategy (Fantasy)Okay I am probably being a bit harsh here as I have only played one random game. Please also bear in mind I have played Fallen Enchantress and find that game so much better!This game seems to revolve around taking regions and pacifying the local creatures by doing missions or killing them. You have a hero and can level up and equip him and your units. However, the equipment appears to just be the same but better. So for instance you can have an axe or claws with the Necrophage at Tier 1 upwards. You get some items that do add random effects though. I found the AI leaders did not really interact properly with me and were quite passive. You get quests from ruins but these seemed to be just take an area or get some stuff. The fights seemed to lack interactivity and they just resolved themselves. City building seemed okay but took ages to get anywhere exciting. The research tree, or circles in this case seemed overly confusing. Although I think if you learnt this you could find the level of customisation here satisfying. WInter effects were quite cool but completely unforgiving, holding up slow production even more. Nothing here got my juices flowing (if you forgive the phrase), and I will struggle to give this another go when I could be playing Fallen Enchantress (Sorry but it is so much better). Although what do I know, maybe I am just bitter I could have got Alien Isolation or Beyond Earth for the same price in the Steam Exploration Sale and now I have spent all my money on Xmas presents..."
76561198030757177,Not Recommended,289130,23786783,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mithrim,"The game itself is wonderfully intricate, beautiful, and engaging with a deep variety of strategies, play-styles, and endless (pun) creativity.However if you want to play this in Multiplayer... Forget itThe amount of bugs, errors and issues my girlfriend and I have had trying to;1) create a multiplayer game with a stable connection2) reload a multiplayer save file, and3) keep our games syncedhave been absolutely ridiculous.Now come on Amplitude Studios. I'm aware that you are currently in development of your latest title but for heck's sake FIX THE GAMES YOU ALREADY HAVE!"
,Not Recommended,289130,12951094,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,darksouljah,"Game is good, but it feels like its still Early Access since it crashes like crazy."
76561198068335036,Not Recommended,289130,20638779,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Hyped Dino,"I was conned. This game is low budget crap!! So many times I've fallen for ratings and reviews. Think of this game as the poor man's Heroes: Might and Magic and Civilation. Boringgg... It excels in nothing. Don't waste your money, don't waste your time."
,Not Recommended,289130,13177670,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,maddoxfanx,"I absolutely regret buying this game.In a nutshell, the game is basically a combination of Civilization and any entry in the Total War series and yes that is every bit as frustrating as it sounds. If you are aware of the issues of those games, combine that with the fact that the user interface is vertigo-inducing ♥♥♥♥ed. It doesn't help that the tutorial moves at a snail's pace, either.Everything about this game just feels horribly hands off. City management basically amounts to allocating a number of your population to creating food, production, gold, etc. In contrast to Civ V and Beyond Earth, where you're in direct control of improving the city around you via actual worker units.You technically have manual control over the Total War-esque battle system but it may as well be completely automatic because otherwise it is a complete cluster♥♥♥♥. Basically, this game has Unit Stacking similar to older Civilization games BUT ONLY ON THE OVERWORLD MAP. The actual execution of battle involves having every single unit in your army being placed in their own individual square (similar to Civ V/BE or Warlock: Master of the Arcane). And considering the terrain in this game is basically almost entirely cliffs which your units cannot traverse, most of the time, battle will amount to ranged units slap fighting til the other dies anyway. But the worst part is that you don't so much as control the individual units in battle as much as you direct them to target something. In which case they might do what you want, or just run around the labyrinth-like terrain trying to reach the enemy that's a tile away from them.However, the thing that absolutely makes me rip my hair out with this game is how city expansion works. It works differently than other 4X games in that instead of spreading cities based on tile spaces, you actually can only have one city bound to a single region on the map. What happened to me in one playthrough was that I spent about 1000 gold to raise an army and lay waste to the minor faction occupying a region, and the very second I was finished, some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ planted his city on the spot the very next turn. I guess the AI took a page from Civ V in being forward expanding cockrags but it becomes 1000% more frustrating when your settler is rendered completely useless because they took the only available region on the map.So yeah, its the base for what could've been a fantastic game, but was ultimately marred because it tried to apply too many things from the Total War games into Civ V-esque setting, and failed miserably because this little experiment saps every bit of control from the player. It feels less like a god game and more like I'm trying to direct a crack team of blithering idiots to manage my empire for me."
,Not Recommended,289130,13612025,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Alex1233210,Good game but crashes every 5 mins with no fix.
76561198030794979,Not Recommended,289130,12865728,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,JohnvanTuyn,"Fun/gameplay: Compared to similar games (civilization and others) this game will feel very slow and empty; absolutely nothing will happen for 100's of turns unless you initiate wars. Also even on hard it is very easy, yes there are a few pitfalls which you have to learn to avoid, but these have nothing to do with a clever AI, merely unexplained mechanics.The quests are the best bit of the game, however you will soon have seen them all and even they become repetitive.The summer/winter mechanic has a lot of potential; however it is completely wasted by lack of effect. In winter you will still have a positive food supply, so the only net effect is that growth/movement slows down slightly for a few turns.Stability: Runs fine in early game <100 turns ,but after that will crash very often, sometimes every turn for many turns.Verdict: Look elsewhere; there are many similar games that offer a lot more of everything. Especially gameplay is severely lacking in this game."
,Not Recommended,289130,12471526,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,tholapz,"Far from being a decent 4X gameI was attracted to this game because of two things: artworks, and my love of 4X games. Endless Legend has the great art team to thank for but the game design team obviously play too much of board games and too little PC 4X games.The little tiny detail rules are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Heroes can be assigned as a general or a governor is absolutely unnecessary. Why do you count Heroes into battlefield if you can't let them move freely without his army?I also ran into a glitch where if you choose to research the Language Square, you can't change to another option (it will just get queued) this is very annoying.The combat AI shouldn't get included in the game in the first place. You get 3 modes to resolve a battle: manual, spectator, and auto. But in manual mode, you don't get to play each unit directly. WHY DO YOU CALL IT MANUAL???The terrain's combat modifier is never explained properly. And for this kind of delecate rules, you would expect it to be written in detail somewhere in the game (at least as a reference) but all I can get is a fan-made wikia page.And that faction quests, it doesn't add to the fun of the game. I feel it is too restricted. And I got mad like hell when asked to search the ruin in the quest, then the ruin still left unspoiled (weird) and I have to waste the whole turn waiting in order to search it again. And why do you have Temple Ruin and Unspoiled Ruin??? Both serve the same function and there are so many details in the world map already it really takes me necessarily longer to consolidate my strategy.You have put in so much resource for concept arts. But none of them really matters in the gameplay. They are just numbers and figures without backstory or anything. The game progress in a very linear way. There are so many choices but you can only choose the correct one. Try choosing to do anything else will result in a disadvantage for you that almost impossible to recover from.Buy the game if you want to support the artists. Don't buy the game if you want to play a fun game."
76561198008715312,Not Recommended,289130,33941715,Posted: 31 July,all,Squilliam,"unique and complex systems, but still feels empty.the game in general feels really shallow."
,Not Recommended,289130,22305767,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Hickeroar,"It's a solid game overall, but if you're looking for something a little more ""Civ5"" style, this game might not fit the bill.While it offers an obscene amount of customization of unit types, heroes, etc, you end up spending a huge amount of time every turn just micromanaging things.The combat ends up being cumbersome as late game combat comes with multiple fights every turn, and the ""barbarians"" will take up the vast majority of your late-game time instead of actual conquest or other gameplay. You'll most likely just start using the ""Auto"" option to auto calculate a victor, otherwise half the game is just going to be going through the combat dialog.There's also something to be said for the simplicity of the Civ5 research and unit upgrade system. With this game you basically have 3-4 unit types, and you can appropriate unit types from enemies you conquer. You can then create some pretty custom unit types by altering what you have, but it would be much friendlier if you just had a progression to follow.By the time I finished my two games of Endless Legend, I was just tired of micromanaging every aspect of the game, and wanted them to just end. It lacks the flair and personality of the Civilization series."
76561198024487561,Not Recommended,289130,20941857,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Zyph Skerry,"I really wanted to like this game, and by all rights I should like this game: It plays like as 4x turn-based game should with a little RTS-like flavor (at least that's the feeling I got), both types of games I love! However, it focuses too much on the combat at the sake of all else, and unfortunately even the combat can't entertain you forever.First, for a 4X game, it has severely uninspired city and empire management. Each FIDSI building comes in one of four types: on-city (plus percent) bonus, on exploit, on population, or OP river bonus. (Seriously, ALWAYS settle on rivers). -and coastal bonus, I guess, but if you're building level 2 districts--which you should--then exploiting the coast to where these building are worth it requires great luck.The decision to make regions preset is just terrible: ""Oh, you see that long river with a bunch of great anomalies along it? Well the river threads between two regions and the anomalies are divided up, so you need two cities to exploit it all!""Just.Dumb.Also, there is no risk in city management. In a game like Civ, for example, you build things outside the city with workers that can be captured by enemies, so you can risk them or spend military resourses to protect them. In this game, however, if your enemies are at the gate, you just straight up cannot build or gather anything outside the city, not just taking out the fun of the risk, but severely crippling the city while giving you no options.Winter is also no fun, ever. It's like an invading force, draining your economy and restricting your armies, but instead of those resources going out to fight the enemy, it's just sucked into a vortex by the game.Science progression doesn't make any sense and is too restrictive. For example, the second Era has no dust buildings to research, and the third era has no food buildings, so if you need more dust, but you just entered the second era, you have to research nine things you may need less than dust just to get what you want, instead of naturally progressing up each area of research, like you can in Endless Space!The factions are too different. By this I mean they restrict style of game play too much, to the point that some just cannot complete certain victories. Again to compare to Civ, those games have many different civilizations, and they all have flavor that leans towards a certain victory type, but never has Civ locked you out of a victory option. Not to mention two factions are actually worthless, since Elimination/Supremacy victories are the only halfway fun ones to go for. The first faction just cannot declare war, severely restricting your options, and the second has the power to enforce a treaty between warring factions, which just... stops the fun.Yay?Finally, the combat. Oh, the combat... It has your typical ""rock-paper-scissors"" thing with cavalry beating ranged, ranged beating flying, flying beating cavalry, infantry with no specialization, and ""support"", which is just a catch-all for things that sit in the back buffing or debuffing. This would be fine... Except combat takes place directly on the map, which means if there are any cliffs, ranged is OP, because it can beat flying, which is the only unit that can get over cliffs, natch', and cavalry can be shot down while trying to get around the cliffs, and even without cliffs, infantry (or flying) can be used to protect the ranged units. In other words, ranged and flying are the only worthwhile units, which makes every battle the same, to the point you might as well keep clicking ""auto"" to win faster, but with the only fun part now taken away, why keep playing?"
76561197993578691,Not Recommended,289130,20475133,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,OxY,I suggest you buy something that is actually fun to play instead...
76561198090771963,Not Recommended,289130,20243406,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tarbal,"Endless Boredom... Do yourself a favor and get Age of Wonders 3 instead. You'll thank me later.If you think it will become enjoyable once you get used to the clunky UI, you'd be mistaken. As others have said, the AI is garbage, and there are hardly any units, so unless you want a research simulator, then stay away.Look at the stats (which I should have done before I bought it). Only about 10% of the people who have this game actually won a single campaign map... and the game is so easy... What does that tell you? Boredom. Only 1% have won a multiplayer game, which is why these types of games should be played in the first place. Think about that before you buy it... 1% How boring can it possibly be that only 1% have won a multiplayer game? I didn't even try multiplayer, because I'd just be researching rather than fighting... Uninstall"
76561198005220171,Not Recommended,289130,19422388,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,wirefire2,Mac OS multiplayer is broken and unstable.  Any prolonged game (MP) will become corrupted and unplayable.
76561198025900776,Not Recommended,289130,19758224,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,DrCapon,"I really want to like this game.  I've tried multiple times to feel engaged in my cities, armies, or anything in the game at all, and I can never do it.  This game lacks soul.  My first major issue is the non-immersive combat system.  They gain literally nothing by not letting you directly control units like most strategy games.  I feel like I'm watching combat more than I'm playing.Another issue is the fact the quest system is a thing.  Just... no.  There is no need to have a quest system in a 4x game.  There is even less reason to have it if it's unimmersive as hell.  I just find it annoying and tedious.Lastly, as I've mentioned, the game has no soul.  The units and races are REALLY COOL, but they don't engage you nearly as much as other fantasy 4x games.  The heroes can't really do much that's special, there aren't enough unique racial units, and they all play roughly the same.TL:DR:  Awesome concept, lacks depth and soul.  Feels like I'm playing a spectator game."
,Not Recommended,289130,20169651,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Chun Soo,"Really really boring game.... I do not recommend this game at allThe development of everything takes way too long! +24 turns to construct a minor building? lol yes you heard that right.Ofcourse you can spend gold to finnish something faster but that means you have to put workers on gold slowing other development ALOT which adds up to being a REALLLLLLLLLY boring game.The combat system in this game is dull too.It is almost like playing risk (boardgame) with friends, everyone saves troops until everyone has a large army. The only difference is because this game mechanics are so complex it takes ages to create a single troop.I made a mistake by buying all of the DLCs at once too. Dont do this to yourself, please"
,Not Recommended,289130,16753119,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ringhloth,"Amplitude doesn't bother balancing their games at all for multiplayer. It's ridiculous how powerful somethings are. Actually, it's ridiculous how powerful everything is. It's like Amplitude's idea of balance is ""let's make everything so incredibly overpowered that it's just a competition to see who can overpower each other"" (hint: it's the Cultists with 50 pops by turn 100). Seriously, they add in buildings that triple FIDS per pop working, completely forgetting how incredible this is for the Cultists, who can easily stack thousands of a FIDS in their city before turn 100."
76561197994937028,Not Recommended,289130,20243153,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Arrwmkr,"Don't believe the hype, good not great."
76561198081737493,Not Recommended,289130,17186951,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Black Master,"Guys,The game is very slow even with my top hardware as it would be coded in a hurry. I guess it is full of coding errors. Crashes on Mac freqently. I do not recommend for this amount of money."
76561198034724372,Not Recommended,289130,23279351,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,lallepot,"It just doesn't catch me the same way that Counter Strike, Dota2, Civ I - V, Europa Universalis did.  I always feel a bit bored playing it, but keep hoping that it will become more interesting. It doesn't help that the game crashes very often."
76561197969594748,Not Recommended,289130,13110843,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Disc,I've enjoyed the game thus far however I have encountered random crashes to my desktop many times.  I don't tend to go for early releases as I don't want to deal with unstable games but it appears some finished products have these issues...  My patience has worn a bit thin at this point so I have to give it a NO on recommending the game simply due to the crashing (which my PC does not experience outside of this game)
76561197971447513,Not Recommended,289130,12377300,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Rural Juror,"I have played a lot of Endless Space back in the day and, having enjoyed the overall feeling of the game, decided to get Endless Space early access. Having played the full version now, I must say I'm disappointed.To keep it short: it's not a bad game. Yet, it's not great, either, and for your buck and time's sake, there are much better similar games out there (chiefly Civilization V).My biggest problem with the game, and this is more on the subjective side, is the interface. I find it unecessarily complicated and just plain ugly, and while it worked in Endless Space, I find it very intrusive in Endless Legend. Small things, like checking your research progress, assigning skill points to your hero or even assigning him to other armies seem too complicated (and this is from someone who plays, and loves, Europa Universalis IV). Things like figuring out what the quest objective is is also overly complicated, having the game provide you with a bunch of useless info and buttons while leaving the important quest objectives cluttered on the side. An example of unecessary complication is exploring ruins: whereas in CIV V you just have your army move onto the ruin's hexagon, here you have to click on it and, everytime, select the option to ""explore"" manually. The fact that the ruin doesn't leave the map after also annoys me, and is just another intrusive icon on an already overconvoluted interface.Most of the game's good ideas - equiping the troops, minor factions - ultimately don't seem to make a difference in the long run (and this was also a problem with Endless Space). Despite the different factions and all, it all seems to boil down to the same gameplay style, whereas in CIV V, for exaple, you could play totally differently going for an Economic or Diplomatic victory.If you're a big fan of 4X games and want to try something with a different flair, Endless Space might provide you that. If you just like 4X games and want the biggest bang for your buck and for your time, I'd suggest looking elsewhere."
76561198021840284,Not Recommended,289130,12355979,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Retromach,"A decent 4x game with good graphics. The focus on making each faction have a unique mechanic was good, as was the unique victory condition for each faction.That said, the game suffers from a serious flaw. In each playthrough you will really only have a few unit types. These will be upgraded as the technology era advances, but unlike more successful 4X genres these upgrades will not significantly alter play - they simply are required to keep pace with AI in otherwise identical combat scenarios.Because of this, the experience feels very samey, with gameplay that drags on towards the end. With the high resource cost of super-effective combat units, larger empires also snowball very quickly. I also feel that the faction quests are too personal to the faction leader (or their assistant), with objectives that often feel anticlimactic. That however is a matter of personal taste.Overall 6/10. It's a good experience, but it lacks the one-more-turn grip of other, more established 4X games."
,Not Recommended,289130,13916911,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Eljerraa,"This game is full of bugs in multiplayer, the AI takes over your turns and ruins your game. That is, if you can even GET to play the game through all the crashes and error messages. It's fine when it works, it's fun but very very slow paced...Don't expect to achieve anything within the first 30 turns."
,Not Recommended,289130,17084577,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,[MoS] Naelok,"Endless Legend asks the question: ""What if we took one of those Civ type games and made it so you had a bunch of heroes that you had to grind XP with and♥♥♥♥♥♥""The answer is a game that isn't any good.The only thing Endless here is boredom."
76561197995224836,Not Recommended,289130,13384262,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sartorial,Won't run in full screen on MacOS if you have a laptop with switchable graphics or multiple PCI-E video cards. Bug has been reported for months and remains unfixed. Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,289130,12579010,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,o8BitKid,"Such a shame, had high hopes for this one.This could be really good, like really really time consumingly good but for one flaw. It's random crashes. I don't know whats happenign to PC gaming lately but it seems Dev's can't make a game that doesn't crash constantly or full of bugs anymore. There is no rhyme or reason to it's crashes you'll just click on something and it will cloud over with the annoying ""Force program to close/wait for program to respond"" error message. Oddly it also completely closes steam as well whent his happens.I could get over this if it was a rare thing but as you can see I have 5 hours play time and it has crashed like this around 16 times (give or take one) so as you can see this is a deal breaker of an issue and renders the game unplayable.I have looked online and whilst I can see many people with this issue there doesn't seem to be any fix for this. hopefull the Dev's will update it and it will all be fine. Endless space never had this issue so I don't know why this should as they have shown before they know how to make a game properly.To reduce the inevitable backlash of responses saying it's my system all drivers are up to date and here are base specs.I5 2550K - Stock clockKingston Hyper X Blu 8GB (2X4GB)MSI Twin Frozr GTX 660ti 3GB Edition128 GB SSD2 TB HDDSo yeah just slightly better than the reccomended.I will change this review if thsi game ever gets fixed but as it stands it's a wreck in my experience and a massive let down for fans of the genre and of the Endless series."
76561198074533355,Not Recommended,289130,19739950,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,sailorsingularity,"Pros:This game is beautiful. Obviously a lot of thought went into the setting, characters, UI, and music. It's all very pretty.Cons:This game is BORING! Normally when I install a 4X I am awake for the next two days learning the ins and outs and only stop when I fall asleep from sheer exhaustion. This game, I completely lost interest and uninstalled it after a few hours. For all of its beauty, there is nothing in the game mechanics that is the least bit exciting, compelling, or original.Verdict:If you've never played a 4X game in your life, then you might find this game interesting. For the other 99% of gamers, your money and time is better spent elsewhere."
76561198042747646,Not Recommended,289130,19944871,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nozari,"Awful... At first I really liked it, it seemed more interesting than Civ5, with more cool mechanics, but the bug galore and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI made me realise I just wasted 12 hours on a crappy Civ5 wannabe... I wanted it to be good, but it's not. One of the things was that the game didn't end at the pre-set ""max turn"" limit! It just went on and on. And AI is just broken. Tried it on Newbie level - people who are just starting with strategy games should steer clear. Just play Civ 5 if you want a strategy game, or go outside have a walk, will be a lot less frustrating."
76561198065016829,Not Recommended,289130,17956364,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Merry Panda,"Personally, I prefer tall than wide growth. Despite the fact that tall approach expected to meet less routine, I am not satisfied with this game at all. Here are my 3 cents:+ really different factions (with different feeling & perks)+ decent world (monsters, resources, landscape)+ outstanding battle system (hard to loose or win by single battle)+ decent science tree+ balanced INFLUENCE system (needed for espionage & diplomatic actions)+ winter concept+- quests (just boring after some time)+- usual economy system- routine!!! poor automation (governors are bad in worker allocation, no weaponry auto upgrade (you should manually upgrade every hero & unit type), no research automation)- you can't create an independent state from a city- no ""big game"" or ""real policy"" between states, diplomacy is poor & too high tech- extremely slow manual battles- you can't rebuild national buildings if city is lost- no population/race policy (cities are automatically converted to your race after capture)Conclusion: the majority of time is wasted on worker allocation, weapon upgrade, research managing which is not fun at all - routine kills the game & limits replayability. Peaceful games are almost autistic as primary mechanics is hostility focused.It's still decent game but i won't recommend it as there are too many positive reviews ^..^"
,Not Recommended,289130,13182324,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,cterjesen,Completely unplayable due to crashing. It even managed to overheat my computer twice in less than an hour. Not worth it.
,Not Recommended,289130,21057051,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Fundamentalist Herbertarian,"If you want a fantasy Civ game, play Fallen Enchantress.  Endless Legend is clumsy, slow, opaque.  It takes forever to do anything.  It would take you half the game to move on character across the map.  What's that?  Your income is negative?  Your people are unhappy?  Your buildings are taking forever?  Good luck finding out why.  The game won't and can't tell you.  Every ""region"" has a generic fantasy tribe that gives you one of 10 cookie cutter quests consisting of ""fetch this"" or ""give me resource Y'.  There is no minimap and it's impossible to link where a quest originated or where one should go to complete it.  I will say the maps are aesthetic.  But this game is frustrating and dissapointing.If you like Civ 5, stick with Civ 5.  If you want a fantasy Civ game, play Fallen Enchantress.  Don't bother with this game or Beyond Earth.3/10"
76561197987063992,Not Recommended,289130,14092037,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Doom Random,"I had no interest in the game to begin with, and didn't even know the game existed until i checked the wishlist for a longtime friend of mine. Bought the game for the friend, then bought it for myself so he would at least have someone to play with. Good sentiment, horrible financial decision.Pros:- Like every other review out there, it's pretty.....as far as turn-based graphics standards go. The unit models are rather interesting as well.- Good lore, if you're into bothering with reading up any backstory in games.Cons:- Abysmally slow-going. Units and actions take their sweet time doing their assigned jobs- Overcrowded UI. Amplitude seemed convinced that giving you as much detail crammed onto one screen as possible before having to use another was a good idea. It wasn't. Over 3/4th of your playtime will be spent looking for the right menu or icon.- Steep learning curve. This is not a Strategy game that you can just pick up and play right then and there, especially if you expect it to be as easy to understand as Civ- Minor issue with crashing and errors. Wasn't as bad as others claim, though the problems were mostly when trying to set up a multiplayer match.- Tutorial is woefully inept at explaining the various concepts and inner-workings of the game in a clearer manner. I actually found myself becoming more disinterested with the game the longer the tutorial went.All in all, it looked interesting, but i'd sooner eat my own liver than willingly recommend this game to just anyone. If you have patience, sure give it a try. Personally, the gameplay is too slow and there's far too much information and too little explanation. This game is something id play randomly and only when utterly bored already.If you're interested, i sincerely suggest you wait until its on a discount sale."
,Not Recommended,289130,15069131,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,jerimee.richir,"This is a quality variant for those who are enthusiastic about the genre (ie civ).The game offers some interesting innovations. But the experience as a whole somehow adds up to less than the parts individually.The story has many bright spots that aren't stitched together well; likewise the game mechanic has a number of good ideas that fail to support one another. I am interested in the future endeavors of this game's creative team, without expecting to play this game in particular much further."
76561198142799366,Not Recommended,289130,14186756,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,arboughton,"Its a hexagonnal Civ V crossed with Heroes of might and magic. Such potential lost on an incredibly slow to play experience.Pros:Beautiful art and musicInteractive environmentsGood resource managementInmersive Heroes of might and magic style battlesCons:This game is painfully slowToo many unnecessary animationsOne must skip the battles get some progress in 2 hours.It is slow on its lowest settings on my Core I7 Nvidia GeforceGT 630M 2gbFairly long learning curveMap saturated by objects, hard to find cities and troops.Icons are too smallIts not a cheap gameOverwhelming, too many things to control, most left to AI."
,Recommended,289130,12144476,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Smelly Smell That Smells Smelly,"Where do i start?Well, this game is probably one of my favourite games to play, although it may not appear i have much time spent on this game. I ended up buying this game and Civ 5 at the same time by chance. These were my first two 4X games. And i have to say right now, i have hardly played Civ 5 at all after playing this game. Not to say that this game is on par to Civ because i do not have enough time in either game to judge, but i found this game much easier to get into.First, the lore is more my type, the fantasy setting just grabs me. second the GUI is so amazing. This is the main reason i played this game over Civ. i found this game much easier to understand and as a beginner, i learned the basic concepts alot faster. i also love how different the factions are from each other. each faction has a very different playstyle.Overall i would definitely recommend this game. If you are into 4X games or have played the odd one or 2, definitely give this game a go."
76561197973863390,Not Recommended,289130,13088329,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Hammerz,"Great Game, or rather it can easily be one.The Bad:Too much focus on free ""expansions"" which in itself is a long stretch to call it expansions at all and too little focus on fixing the state of the game. Also shameless advertising for Endless Space (a different game) on updates regarding this game is starting to get really stupid which should not be in the updates/news of this game.Huge amount of desync errors in large multiplayer games, giant red alert windows with error reports spamming your gameplay (but does not cause the game to crash) which you have to dismiss every turn, AI errors using diplomacy and will greet you 8 times pr turn non-stop, AI randomly overtaking real players in multiplayer environments at random forcing reload after reloads, quests that spawn armies that you need to hunt down just to see them disembark and being on a boat permanently (where you cannot attack them)The list is very long but those are the most aggravating ones that comes to mind.And I have not even gone into game tuning like what the game would be like with naval combat, more interesting siege mechanics etc., in short this chunk was just the mechanical errors.The Good:When you are lucky at the majority of errors either do not manifest or are at intervals long enough separated for you and your friends to have a good time, the game is great.Beautiful graphics, amazing UI, great faction variety, nice music, artwork, in short really loaded game.The Considerations:The fact no quality assurance has been given to the games development before release is astounding. Most of these errors are very consistent and reproducible yet was not only released but we are at the ""second expansion"" release and they are still not addressed.As a result, despite how much potential the game has and how much I like it when it works (which granted is not often) I have but no choice to give it thumbs down.I am simply tired of the contemporary standard defending shoddy craftsmanship as an ""industry standard""Shoddy."
,Not Recommended,289130,12854747,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,DoriftuEvo,"So far I haven't been able to play the game. It hangs up at ""Connecting to Server..."". No response yet on the support forums. We'll see if I get to change my reivew."
76561198235096268,Recommended,289130,24002008,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,s.rodger09,"Lots of variety, good replay value."
,Not Recommended,289130,12193669,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,copdog,"It's a 4X game. If you've played Age of Wonders, Fallen Enchantress, Warlock, or other games of the genre you've already played this game. It doesn't really bring anything new to the table, and while that isn't inherently bad -- the things it does are executed better in other games of the same genre.Very poor AI, a basic and repetetive quest system, and only 3 units and heroes per faction makes the game seem rushed and bare-bones."
76561198012126009,Not Recommended,289130,19342379,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ShoeThatMissedBush,"Bought it again after I lost my steam account. It took them 2 whole expansions to fix their broken ai and still not much has changed. It seems to be the call of duty of 4x games, flashy, awards, no substance. Ive been playing Stardock's 4x games and its clear their at least make sure that their ai is competant with numerous improvements in EVERY patch. This is a poor excuse for a 4x all in all.Many players left because the ai was crap and you can NOT release just a single patch after a year and expect amazing results. It ks clear that the AI is not their priority, selling you dlc is."
,Not Recommended,289130,15416218,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Moteur Teresa,The developpers said they were going to release it on Linux. Then they abandonned the idea. This is some major bird flipping to those who are making the switch to Linux. Otherwise it's a great game. Simply can't support it as long as the developpers dont honor their own statements.
76561197982476820,Not Recommended,289130,19135292,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,El Gato,"If you own a mac, don't buy this game... it crashes! it seems they are trying to address these issues but until then I really can't recommend anyone who owns a mac buy this :/. I'll re-review once they patch for mac."
76561198055181639,Not Recommended,289130,14105428,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,BlackCorsair,"The game is just awfull. No balance at all, tons of bugs and on top of all it is just a bad clone of Age Of Wonders 3, Warlock 1/2, Fallen Enchantress. If you like this type of  games you better play one of those"
,Recommended,289130,24172958,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,PatientBen,"More variety of gameplay than any other 4x out there - there's so much to do you won't ever find yourself just grinding turns away, as happens in so many other 4x games. Enjoy a brutal challenge or turn down the difficulty to revel in building an empire - each faction in its own compelling way."
76561198069690797,Recommended,289130,29991913,Posted: 17 February,all,DuRuaRuaRua,"Pure strategy is just not my type, but it is fun to play with friends. When we start a game at 9PM.- ""Damn! It's this late TODAY?""- ""Come on. I know we started this game YESTERDAY. ""- ""Yeah, but it's 5AM""- ""WHAT ??"""
76561198030422528,Not Recommended,289130,13299648,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,priest_of_the_uberfisch,"""endless legends"" more like endless crashing. this is insane. every time you push ""end turn"" the game crashes. switching to battlefield view, game crashes. seasons change, game crashes!the game isn't NOT worth it - just make sure to get it on sale. it's very pretty, very unique, PARTS of it are very fun. the rest of the game is super boring.and the crashes truly are the only endless part of the game."
76561198121165002,Not Recommended,289130,14317502,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Firebrand,"I tried to get into this game, but it is not intuitive at all.  There are menus everywhere.  I'm never quite sure what I'm suppossed to be doing.  I went through the tutorial (an absolute must), but for a guy who likes to jump in and play after using the tutorial, it just was a no go.  If you have played a lot of 4X games, you may like this one.  Personally, I'd rather stick with the Civ. games.Pros:--Has a tutorial--Open tech treeNegatives:-- Too much information everywhere--Couldn't get it to go full screen--Graphics were poor (or maybe just too much overlap of city, influence, and resources)Final Verdict:  This is a game for hardcore 4X gamers.  Causual gamers and new to 4X games need not apply."
76561198017977904,Not Recommended,289130,20209813,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Auzra,"If the first thing that a game make do you was go on to the google and search on ""how to play Endless Legend"" then that game is fail at the begining.I know it try to be like civilization in the fantasy RPG setting but it just dead and boring in everything that make a fantasy setting great. during my first 2 hour of the gameplay, the only thing in my mind was boring and sleepy, by the way I spent 60 hour civilization 5.I brought this game because most the well known youtube reveiwer told me that it was great game but the turth is it is really depend on people. it is the game that either you like it or hate it. honesty I will play hero 3 then this crapDont listen to the people that say you need give some time on this game in order to find it's enjoyment because you dont. Go to youtube and watch other people let's play, you either like it or hate it. Please dont even bother to waste you money to give a try without knowing the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,289130,15440145,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Ahshra,"The game was very fun and has great potential. However, the game constantly crashed. A 150 turn game resulted in over 20 game crashes, each of which forced all players to ""resync"". It ws hard to find the game fun with that going on."
,Not Recommended,289130,16235205,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Jenn,"I tried to enjoy this game, I REALLY tried. The single player seems to be fine, but multiplayer is a mess. Constantly needing to be rebooted, sync issues with other players, and many game-breaking Unity exceptions (both for gameplay and GUI issues -- somehow!). I haven't gotten the DLC so I'm not sure if that fixes these issues but man, I'm disappoint. :("
,Not Recommended,289130,19503097,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jak3,"Game is pretty bad tbh. Really stupid war mechanic means that when one person enters into a war, no one else can do anything. Also the quest system is way too vague, giving you multiple small quests with no real goal.0/10 Pepe wasnt rare enough"
76561198003479161,Not Recommended,289130,13356873,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Wizard,"I would love to give thumbs up for this game, but this game is plagued by save errors that many are dealing with. Their most recent patch did not even aknowledge this problem and the game been out since September."
76561198007223851,Not Recommended,289130,13379849,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,NincompOOp,CTD CTD & more CTD. AI is dumb and offer no real challenge once u get the hang of the game
76561198122940343,Not Recommended,289130,13329047,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,tillhopedies,"Every one seem to be playing this game coming from civ back grounds. this may be the reason for the extreamly overated and complety misleading score. for the civ player this games graphics are by far better thus the graphics have been argued so good that almost the game play has become irelavant. the truth is however for gamers who like myself who enjoy total war games, the 4x game genra will inevatible fail in the areas of combat. who can compare total war real time combat to this awful display. however !!! this game has completey made the combat system A) - annoying , B) borring. AND the whole ideas of upgrading units they press is pointless !!! as the upgrading of units has extreamly small viual effect in combat. so you really just press ""skip"" every turn as litterally battle consists of slow boring animations -equal to civs. now ok so the combat is awful and now the effot in upgrading units is to pointless. but at least we have a complex city building game that grows and changes and a good economy to keep us interested enough with great character stories and good ai---- JOKES--- nope, the citty building litterally has no visual effect on the city itself exceot for the odd    time it expands slightly and has another repetative hex., you can not enter thh city or emerse yourself in it enough to even care if it is taken over by the enemy ai. infact the enemy ai doesnt even attack you, ever!! to justify caring aboout the defence of your city.. not that the battle matters any way !then there are actually only 3 units per faction.. now playing a total war game or scratch that any decent game the variety of units and the creation of a unit specifically is what drives players imaginations to develope stories !! this game in the end leaves you pressing end turn so much and watinng around for nothing. you grow your city and then are left only with a small number change to the city whilst all the time you just want to feeel like you care enough that the city being destroyed makes you cry !! you just end up crying that you payied £30.00 !."
76561197971254875,Not Recommended,289130,19945527,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mad Mike,"Too tedious. Each ""level"" advancement is just a re-hashed repeat of the previous level. As a ""builder"" personality, I found it very tedious and unsatisfying."
,Recommended,289130,19720078,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,hehe,if you complete the game it ends it is not endless DO NO RECOMEND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,289130,14067535,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Charlie Kelly,"Played for a while, got killed by Feeds on Bones III about two timesDecided I wasn't going to let that happen again, so I build up my militaryFeeds on Bones III don't give a flying ****Got killed by Feeds on Bones III again11/10 would get Bones fed on again"
,Not Recommended,289130,19940899,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,xais56,"Pacing is slow, saturated with menus. Combat is semi-interesting, but feels rather unrewarding if you actually bother to do the combat rather than just skip it. Fans of longer strategy games might enjoy this, however I've found myself bored and waiting for the game to 'really' start after two hours of play."
76561198014577760,Recommended,289130,12273159,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Karlongkar,One of the best RTS game!
,Not Recommended,289130,13269134,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,LaXo,A fairly average strategy game which is quite shallow once you get into it. The races play slightly different but all have pretty much identical research paths
,Recommended,289130,14084971,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Bandit King,THe Dev's seem to care about the Game and thats alwasy a good sign.  8/10
76561197966629677,Not Recommended,289130,17817724,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,WaMpa,"Never really grasped that game, its nice, as really nice idea incorporated like the map and quests. The fact that to get stronger you just upgrade items for stats on the limited unit pool is just plain lame and you cant really tell if unit are more powerfull or not visually. Mini map fights offer limited strategy to say the most, and siege is just broken. Dont get what people like about this title, maybe they see a potential, but under current iteration, seemed lame and cheap."
,Not Recommended,289130,13602660,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,chill,"Gameplay is good, music is awesome, atmosphere is very good too. Interface is a bit clumsy, and help system is non-existent (should learn from Civ series, seriously).The problem is, the game crashes. Often. With no reason on a new system. Does not take too long to restart it, but annoys to do so. Can not recommend so far, at least until they fix crashes."
76561198065656025,Not Recommended,289130,12457451,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Superpescado,"I am going to give this a negative review but I suspect the issues i'm experiencing are probably for those playing on OSX. Other wise I would expect to have read many other reviews like mine prior to purchasing.The game often becomes unresponsive. This can happen when I'm navigating through menus, mid battle, or in movement mode. When it happens the game will take no input. The animations and sound are still playing but I'm unable to exit menus, move units or make commands in battle. The only thing I can do is force quit the app. This is very frustrating and stops me from wanting to play further.Having said that the game itself is very enjoyable when its working as intended. I don't think what I'm experiencing is wide spread especially for PC users. I say this because it happens so frequently for me that if it was the same for everyone else the reviews would be littered with bad recommendations.I'm still going to have to give this a bad review based on my experience. Any mac users out there be wary of purchasing this game.EDITI've put another 10 hours in to it and I'm still finding more bugs. Attacking or defending costal cities/villages is buggy. One time the game straight up crashed with a null object reference. Makes me think that the game doesn't handle switching game states very well. I once had the game crash after placing my first city...Another pet peeve is the AI. I can never trust the auto battle resolution. It will make the worst decisions and end up costing you troops. The AI will some times just stand in one place while my troops rain arrows down on them.So disappointed in this game wish I could get my money back."
76561198098414839,Not Recommended,289130,16606451,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,d_rape,"I have tried this game several times now. The first iteration was marred by constant crashes and updates. The idea behind the game intrigued me so I put it on the shelf hoping that the bugs would be worked out in time. I have tried again several times, but I just can't get into this game. Why? I keep asking myself. I'll try to encapsulate my experience in a short review. As I have said the idea is intriguing. It is in the execution that I find myself in a difficult quandry. The planet of Auriga is too jumbled and colored (bright and bleeding) to get a clear idea of what is happening on the map. I have changed the settings as much as possible, but just can't get a clear notion of what everything is. The alien flora and fauna are fun and well described, but again the visuals leave much to be desired. The various factions just aren't my cup of tea. The Vaulters could be fun, but the units don't make sense (armed with crossbows and shields simultaneously!). Or Magic Using arcanists that also happen to be sadomasochists. Not cool. I feel that some of the choices for the story backgrounds are just for shock value or to be different. I personally don't think it works. Mechanically, the one city per region is constricting. The regions are procedurally generated and the hexes in each region can have a wide range of resouces that you want to exploit. With just one city per region that is impossible. You can expand your city, but you can't take in the whole region. So you are stuck with cities that are one or two dimensional in each region. The meta questline for each faction is interesting and helps to develop the special traits of each faction. This also helps to avoid the ""so what"" question so prevelent in the Sid Meier's games of late. All in all this game is ambitious with an interesting concept, but the execution falls far short of the goal."
76561198007178612,Recommended,289130,26766264,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Diarmuhnd,"this game is so much FUN, that i barely noticed the 300+ hrs i played race by.and all of its DLC (that i have played so far) is more than worth the cost.Recently i heard, that a chinese Mod, that had a link to a pirated version of the game was deleted in the steam WorkShop, and due to this, Endless Legend got hit with massive 'retalitory' down votes from its chinese speaking / reading community members.♥♥♥♥♥that ! lol.nuff said & PS: I'm going to get the DLC im missing this holiday season coming up, and play Endless Legend again for a couple hundred more hours.have fun / play safe / and if you need more Pre's & Con's, theres plenty of other reviews to read. :)"
76561198003174259,Not Recommended,289130,13396593,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,CrankyCoon,"This is a great game, but it crashes all of the time.Just like their other ""Endless"" game, it's full of bugs.  It's frustrating and isn't worth playing because of it."
,Not Recommended,289130,20433092,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SudKreuz,"It's not the best of his genre, it's just very very good but lackluster dlcs with a 15 dollar tag are the reason I'm going to give it a thumbs down,Dlcs are deplorable. The first one adds a couple of buildings, the other something like spionage in civilization V and the last one a new kind of unit,Hope you enjoy the money, first and last game i'll buy from you,"
76561197965675266,Not Recommended,289130,21950704,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Forkrul Assail,"These guys (amplitute) really suck. Their customer and tech support have their heads stuffed so firmly up their own bungholes that they won't even attempt to work through all the bugs in their games. Check their tech support pages and the hundreds of unsolved problems and glitches. They'll make a packet, run off to their next project and stop offering support for old titles quicker than you can say jack flash. What a cunch of bunts!"
76561198140099358,Recommended,289130,28775658,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,frankoczelli3,Beautiful
76561198138125671,Recommended,289130,29972179,Posted: 16 February,all,ajanigoldman135,pretty good 10/10 would commit insectiside again
,Not Recommended,289130,22347862,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,VederkaNet,Very stupid AI. Increasing game difficulty above normal gives AIs free-cheat resources and takes away yours. Can't stand it.Everything else in this game is great. I like it more than Civ.
,Recommended,289130,21111920,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Lukhje,Very nicly made. I like the look of the game and the characters that you are able to play. 10/10 would enslave all of the people as cultists again
76561197976612595,Recommended,289130,15614090,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,MechZahn,"Oh man where to even begin?This game is like opening a story book and finding a beefy Civ 5 meets Might and Magic game within, no joke this is one gargaution game. From the menus to the over all game flow this is the kind of game that just invities you to try new things and soak up all the lore. If on sale, a must buy, if not depends on how much you enjoy these kinds of games.All in all, my only complaint is the learning curve, this is not an easy game by any means."
,Not Recommended,289130,16282463,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Black Cat,"The game is ok, its borderline average (lower side) but... it is incredibly unstable. ATI users, in particular, get shafted at every turn. Many ati users cannot even load the game, and every ati user is essentially ""forced"" to use the 32 bit version of the game, over the 64 bit version, due to issues with stability and support for ati users.The game is even unstable for nvidia users forcing people to have to tweak some of the graphical options in their gpu's settings to even run it. The game crashes after several turns, which is a problem with the engine they are using.The game was slapped together in Unity... Yes, one of the most unstable engines trying to process more data than it is capable of processing. There is a reason that google has discontinued support for unity. Mozilla is going to be following in googles footsteps, soon.This game is definitely not worth 35 bucks, its closer to 5... I would recommend age of wonders 3, instead. It took the few elements, that were ""good"" from this game, and made it better and actually playable... oh and its about the same price."
76561198042212951,Not Recommended,289130,15512804,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Phule of a Took,"This game is neither well thought out nor well implemented.  Race conditions abound, especially around seiges.  The game looks pretty and has some nice graphical assets, but when it comes to gameplay it feels like an Alpha test, not a fully developed game."
76561198034900792,Not Recommended,289130,16550698,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,tripholiada,"So boring, its like a failed Civ/Warcraft game.  Maybe it would be better if there was actually strategy involved instead of pointless fetch quests."
76561198064247008,Not Recommended,289130,19329372,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,shink666,"It's unplayable. I got a little bit into the game then it glitched out refusing to let me right click on the screen, apparently this constant glitching is normal. Just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ steam game, looks like it could have been fun."
,Not Recommended,289130,13148652,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,"Majikian, GOAT Based PAX","Poor camera control/options: No map rotation for a game where you have 3d terrain and height as a combat factor. Combat between units could have had more detail, e.g., repositioning of units."
76561198083750083,Not Recommended,289130,13496393,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,New Fish,rather boring
76561198043026323,Not Recommended,289130,13526542,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,cplgagnonm,"I don't have a gamer PC but still, I get ridiculous error: ""out of range exception"" and ""null pointer exception"". Do they even know how to program? And often the game just craches. I never dare to play multiplayer because of that.Other than that, the game is fun."
76561197974492474,Not Recommended,289130,14064792,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Junk,"If you run AMD it is very possible you will be unable to play this game. I you run Intel pick it up. It seems to be a great 4x game. After years of Alpha Centauri and Galactic Civ TOR this could be my new fav. If only I could play it.It is unfathomable to me how any playtesting on AMD systems could have been done prior to unloading Endless Legend on unsuspecting AMD users. With a Release in mid September 2014 I ask will it ever be playable for us. Some games you can go 10hrs without a crash other times you are lucky if you can get two turns in. One suggested workaround is run in 32bit. This helps some and makes it worse for others. The publisher has no estimate as they claim it is a prob with AMD and the engine developer. I purchased knowing there were some issues with crashes. However I have Endless Space and have been fairly happy with is. I discounted the complaints of crashes. Shame on me. I will not buy another product from this developer unless the game has a better rep than Endless Legend.I should note that I am now playing in 32bit mode. It can be EXTREMLY slow, it does not however crash all the time.Where was the AMD playtesting?The real question may be, is AMD effectively dead in the PC gaming market? With market share in the 18% range are game developers taking a console mentality with desktops? Make it work on Intel.I have successfully run AMD for decades but the end is in sight for me. Between crossfire issues and this, for my own ease it may be back to Invidia and Intel.PS I do not have 147hrs in this game. It is more like 30-40."
76561198047756686,Not Recommended,289130,20163469,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,blowngt,Was ok. The older Warhammer 40k games i found more enjoyable. Story line is kinda cool but the actual game play was ehhh. Wouldn't purchase again.
76561198031615426,Not Recommended,289130,20428811,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,thisisca,They've never fixed the Mac issue of this game not working in fullscreen mode. Can't even play it in windowed mode now because it loads as a black screen.
76561198050792127,Not Recommended,289130,20433318,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,God,Well Steam won't let me put what I think so I'll just have to say that it would have been rubbish 20 years ago and fails in every facet ever.
76561198088872529,Not Recommended,289130,22386568,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Spaghetti,Thought it seemed like it would be fun but just another super-convoluted game that has the longest tutorial ever. Looks like a lot of effort with a little payoff. Game looks clean but I would only recommend for nerds that have lots of time to waste learning about a semi-boring game with about a thousand useless little features.
76561198053792519,Not Recommended,289130,22388107,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Archon,main menu goes pink/purple after logo. unplayable.
76561197982630533,Not Recommended,289130,15337158,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Stromko,"Really amazing setting and characters, I really want to like it, but just like Endless Space the gameplay is unsatisfying, obscure, and dull. Endless Dungeon is a far better game, this studio just can't figure out what makes 4X games fun.Endless Space/Endless Legend is that guy/gal at a party that's a real genius and wants everybody to know about it, but is as dull and arbitrary as anyone you will ever meet."
76561198158689659,Not Recommended,289130,17534665,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Oblivion,"city and army managment is very nice. But the combat setup, and battle in itself is horrible :("
76561198018403127,Not Recommended,289130,22288650,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,dartimos,"Another DLC instead of fixing multiplayer issues.  If your cup of tea is single player, this game is amazing.  Expect game breaking bugs, hang ups, unloadable saves and a few other game-ending bugs that will never be fixed."
76561197995425192,Not Recommended,289130,20513774,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Meanwhile,"I like Civ V a lot, but unlike many reviewers, I found this game weak in comparison. My main beef is with the tech tree, which is rather thin and suffers from some absurd imbalances. I also didn't care for the combat or the overall look and feel of the game.Some of the ideas here are interesting, but overall I'd honestly rather play Civ."
,Not Recommended,289130,19191075,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Esophagoose,"I bought this game which then inspired me to buy civ 5. Just buy civ 5. It's 1000x better and probably cheaper. This isn't a bad game, it's just a reskin of civ."
76561198046160195,Recommended,289130,30954220,Posted: 4 April,all,Mad Chieftain,70/100
76561198019366968,Recommended,289130,19162763,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Lothbrok,I really don't understand it.
,Recommended,289130,16379766,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Deceitful Drongo,nuff sed
76561198127973255,Not Recommended,289130,22386871,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Indianna32,"Now I want to start by saying that I have played Civilization since the old days of the original. Maybe this has made my opinion a little biased. I personally just cannot get into this game; and believe me, I have tried. I picked it up because Steam put it in my list of ""Games I might  like"". and this just didn't do it. I even thought that maybe, since I just had the base game, that getting the DLC might make the game more playable. Sadly it did not. Now, I am not going to say that this is a downright bad game. It most definitely is not. I would rather spend the money on Civ 5."
,Recommended,289130,22292373,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,bopp,literally my favorite 4xbuy it you dumbo
76561198106506429,Not Recommended,289130,15961012,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,ForevaNoob Wonemorturn,"Speaking strictly for the Mac edition here, I wait until that great game really works for us, Mac users.So, it's a no, no for ""simply not working"", and for now.I'm ready to delete that review as soon as the Mac version has been fixed... for the money we already paid.We've seen too many Mac games we bought never to be fixed lately, than it gets quite a bit annoying...Let me know..."
,Recommended,289130,23829613,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,AllanSnackbar,10/10 woooooooo
,Not Recommended,289130,13718207,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,pitintheuk,"I will not recommend this game. After getting quite bored for hours and leading on the score, military power etc... One single army wiped me away in a few turns. One army, not many... no. One :)some people like this game and there are qualities, but I will stick to Civ5, where such scenarios cannot happen."
76561197961150473,Not Recommended,289130,15573236,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Andy (bigger),Meh... not much fun after one or two games.
76561198029239286,Not Recommended,289130,15503186,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Duke of Limbs,"A complex and aesthetically pleasing game to play, once. Nothing about this game is endless, prepare to be bored to tears after one or two campaigns."
,Not Recommended,289130,13805284,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ego Tempest,"Terrible....pretentious Rubbish. Play Warlock: master of the Arcane for some real gaming fun.1: I had a unit disappear for no reason.2: you try to make moves and pop-ups interrupt.3: enemy can move and attack, I cant???? (that cant be right, must be missing something.)4: any game with auto resolve on the fun part is just telling gamers to Go Away.I'll play more and see if it improves, if I can stop yawning long enough to constantly click the ""next turn"" button."
,Not Recommended,289130,19911343,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,qal,"I tried because I liked games like CIV.  I'm sure this game has potential in its depth. More serious players will probably enjoy the attempt at originality and complexity, but really the UI was way too cluttered for me. The game was pretty difficult to understand, even after tinkering around for a couple hours and looking up some tips and guides online. The minor faction units are completely unbalanced; the daemons especially wrecked me.I think the game tries to do too many things when the mechanics of the game force you to play in certain ways in order to have a chance.After trying again and again, I eventually resigned myself to the unfortunate realization that the game bores me. The grand storyline and mysterious cynematic/dialogue sequences made me want to try again and again, but everything else was kind of meh.Though maybe I'm just a filthy casual"
76561198030012394,Not Recommended,289130,20686767,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,danewrght,No depth of play.  short game time limit.  generally boring.
,Not Recommended,289130,21117903,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Nightflux,Combat system is a mess. Game is visually appealing but thats about it
76561198021271675,Not Recommended,289130,13536154,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,GuruGurra,"I'll be fair and say I am purely basing this review off comparing it to the civilization series; however, the only reason I bought it was because it looked like it could offer me a new and unique ""Civilization"" experience... so it's kind of unfair as I'm not giving it a chance to stand on its own. Having said that, I just can't let it go. Compared to civilization it's small, tacky mindless and boring. There's no depth to it. The ""region"" idea, and one city per region, did not work for me at all. There's no depth to war... spam the same unit over and over and steamroll the ludicrously simple AI.I haven't played much so maybe I'll change my mind after a while. It definitely wasn't what I was looking for though..."
,Not Recommended,289130,13539927,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,nivina,"This game feels very unfocused and unpolished. It doesn't know if it wants to be HOMM or Civ V. If they removed the hex grid combat system, I'd say this game would be more interesting. Unusual since this is the same developer who came up with the extremely interesting combat system in Endless Space.When this game is $5, pick it up. Until then, don't bother unless you are the type of person to really force yourself to play something because you bought it."
76561198010641857,Recommended,289130,19259354,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,"One of the betters 4x games out there. Quite innovative, very good soundtrack, very good background, very good mechanics and very good systems.Only flaw I can find is the diplomacy system, its quite shallow.Other than that, its a must buy for fans of 4x games."
76561198057598186,Not Recommended,289130,12270135,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,lasombra66,"It would be a great game, but it crashes constantly."
,Recommended,289130,15418245,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Qasr,Spectacular!
76561197970547186,Recommended,289130,15419253,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,[...]Deltrex,"26 hours later: ""Just one more round... !"""
76561198156162312,Recommended,289130,14966841,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,chanceleo101,like
76561197989606756,Not Recommended,289130,15783988,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,CS41Y,"I really liked almost everything about the game.  If you enjoy civilization then this shouldn't be too far of a leap from what is familiar but it has its own feel so its not a complete clone.  Unfortunately where it would have been a good idea to be a clone is the combat in the game.  As it is right now it is horrendously terrible.  The AI almost seems to work against you on purpose.  I mean this literally when I say that you would be better off having a 5 year old child control your units.  You can give all the commands you want to your units and a good portion of the time it will follow them.  However movement is inefficient and at other times just does not make logical sense.  The computer choses poorly in whom your units attack or your units will move if it has to make the decisions itself.  Its just all around terrible and could be a lot better without taking very much energy.  That's how terrible the combat is, spending a day revamping it couldn't make it worse and could make it many times better."
76561198039663245,Recommended,289130,13145325,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,facciola007,Fun!  Worth the money!
76561198052971128,Not Recommended,289130,22582802,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,realxavier,"Very nice, but relly doesn't look like any kind of strategy.... just sandbox empire building with shallow tech tree and dumb computer players... ah... and quests... just for fun, but no fun"
76561198010544041,Not Recommended,289130,26743170,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Faber,"While not the worst game, it simply doesnt give a proper ""kick"". Tutorial seems abit clumsy as there is alot of information to digest. I miss voice-actors in the game as it gets very stale after a few hours of playing. The factions and such seems like a fun idea, yet the game-mechanics feel incoherent.I might try it another time, but so far there are alot of good strategy games out there so it is a hard competition."
76561198346894889,Recommended,289130,30423140,Posted: 10 March,all,DaMarksman,VERY GUD!8 OUT OF 8 M8!AI ISNT THAT STUPID!VERY BALANCED!AMPLITUDE IS VERY GUD!FIGHTS R VERY GUD!VERY UNIQUE!ONE OF THE BEST 4Xs EVAR!I RECOMMEND!
76561198041970342,Recommended,289130,12144216,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Trollified,Hell yes
76561198040655790,Not Recommended,289130,21534754,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,RoJacks,"Inbetween freezes and crashes this is a fun game. Inbetween freezes and crashes one could have a fun time playing. Especially the battles, which would be fun if one were to be able to play them in a non-automated way. Which one cannot, as the number of turns it would take to do so would mostly likely extend beyond the threshold for an impeding crash or freeze. Causing your progress to be lost. Since I could only recommend this game to people who like bugged out games that constanly crash, I think I cannot recommend it to anyone.I have no idea why I am putting up with this garbage."
,Recommended,289130,25810476,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,FassQi,"100+ hours review.This game is for who like fantasy world more than historical memes.And storyline and quest is related endless series.somehow CIV just for beginner. lol  ʅ( ツ)ʃWinter system is great idea. If you use mod, it could be more challengehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=549707949&searchtext="
76561198014424859,Recommended,289130,26449602,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,woskins,"if you are playing with a friend i would not recommend this just because of the allied voctory, you cant win with your friend.  but its well thought out and has decent game play."
76561198041699798,Not Recommended,289130,31089651,Posted: 11 April,all,Fatewalking,"This is one of those games that really is not bad but neither is it good.  I have not noticed any bugs or optimization issues.  The soundtrack is decent, the graphics are pretty good, the artwork is great.  The tutorial is mediocre, but the game is really not that hard to figure out.  The tech tree is cluttered but it has a nice search feature.  Combat is atrocious; it is tediously slow, repetetive and basic.  Minor factions are a great touch and you are able to incorporate their units in your armies once pacified and assimilated.The total cost for all the DLC is double the price of the base game.  AMPLITUDE Studios remains actively involved with the game and community, which is a plus.My non-recommendation for this game really just boils down to the fun factor.  I can play for an hour or two and look back for something that stood out as an interesting or fun moment, but I really cannot think of anything.  It does a fair job at passing the time though.  There are unique ideas that unfortunately are just not well implemented."
76561197991984077,Not Recommended,289130,29098755,Posted: 7 January,all,FSD,"This game is really slow, tedious, and incredibly complex. The interface and game play is not intuitive. It takes a very long time to play. So long, you will not be able to get a refund by the time you find out you regret having purchased the game."
76561198038124059,Not Recommended,289130,12153667,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,pavel.krupski,"It's Endless Space but not in space. It reminded me Elemental:Fallen Enchantress, but with much worse combat system.If you are really a BIG fan of Endless Space you'll most likely love this game. If you're not-- it's not for you."
,Not Recommended,289130,22976314,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Fresh Rug,"I would recommend, but I PERSONALLY detest the combat. Not being able to micro manage makes me saltier than the sea. Kind of feels like an escape from having to make AI that can actually challenge a human player, though it's not like that's an easy task.If the combat doesn't bother you, go for it."
76561198002308919,Not Recommended,289130,29535414,Posted: 27 January,all,Gorgeous_Joe,"I have tried to like this game since I bought it a couple of years ago. I have installed it and removed it three times so far I think and this will be the last.I know the game has a LOT of positive reviews and I would love for someone to comment and explain why.The game itself is fine; in the sense it plays well and is polished, very attractive etc etcMy problem with it is that it is just so damn boring......at times I felt I was just clicking the left mouse button and watching very little happen and then I realized you can automate the settlements and now all im doing is left clicking. What of the battles I hear to protest and yes the battles that are all automated to some degree so some left mouse button clicking on different icons once in a blue moon.There are so many mechanics that just don't add up; the first being is the limited turns? On normal its 250 turns till you lose or win. The maps are small by comparison to other games in this genre so it doesnt take long to meet an aggressive neighbour but it just takes so long to build anything. I was only in the second era by the time the game hit turn 80.......If you happen to have a titanic battle with a rival and you both end up wiping each others units out or run out of turns during the automated battle (you are limited to 6 turns) (why?) you are then either left with the arduous task of rebuilding your army over 50 or 60 turns if you are lucky or waiting for your units to heal at 9 health a turn (a lot of units have over 150 health) and all this in a 'Normal' game lasting 250 turns. You can select endless for turns but its not its maxed at{LINK REMOVED}600......again.....why?!?!I would suggest they noticed the play testers going insane after clicking the left mouse button 600 times in a row.......If you find your regular turn based strategy games too hard or complex to handle then this is probably something you will enjoy. It is simplified and simplistic but very beautiful to watch and that is what you do most of the time just watch; so if clicking and relaxing is what you are after then this will suit you perfectly.Oh and there is a Story driven quest to each faction but its just a build this (click here) and receive this reward (insert resource here) so even thats very meh......I know its a very well made pretty game but I'm amazed at how many strategy gamers like it? Its very lightweight strategy game especially as your tactical options are so limited.I'm glad people like it and bought it as its paid for the development of Endless Space 2 which I really enjoy playing so far but I will never understand the appeal of Endless Legend other than a great name."
76561198044835533,Not Recommended,289130,29178604,Posted: 11 January,all,One Ukrainian Rebel,AI is dumb as a post and will regularly suicide attack you with 1 extremely underpowered unitVery few units per faction and very few special abilitiesJust get Age of Wonders 3
76561198045453813,Not Recommended,289130,12870503,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Tazio,"Its a nice game form the point of view of art and general visual style. But when it comes to gameplay it becomes clear that a strategic part is very repetative, unit balance definitely requires some reworks to be interesting and Combat logic and mechincs are vague and unclear. If you like that type of games it is highly recommended to try latest releases of Age of Wonders or Warlock. Those are way more gameplay intensive, got more variability and could be interesting even after dozens of hours of play."
76561198024270397,Not Recommended,289130,12231688,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Siollear,"Starts out as a good game, making a good first impression, but near the end it gets unbearable. Combat is boring to both watch and participate in. I am simply unable to finish a game out of boredom. Furthermore, the whole ""winter is coming"" theme they implemented was a bad idea as it just arbitrarily punishes the player."
,Not Recommended,289130,12495721,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,pegritz,"This is literally THE WORST 4X strategy game I have ever played. THE WORST. Which...I just can't quite understand, because Endless Space was really, really good. The ""quest"" system is idiotic, in that not *one* of the ""parley"" quests can be completed in the time allotted unless you spend the first sixty rounds you play building up nothing but resources and army units...by which point, every *other* empire on the map has wiped out every minor faction around you. The difficulty scaling is badly unbalanced, the selection of empire types is literally no different than Endless Space's (and, since I suspect, this is kinda/sorta a ""lost colony"" expansion of Endless Space, that at least makes sense), and I found it not so much frustrating as infuriating. The ""tech tree,"" too, is absurdly small--whereas Endless Space's was absurdly large--and, at least at Tier I, seems to have very little impact on gameplay.Eh. I might give it a chance again later since I paid for the goddamn thing, but one way or another this game is NOT worth $35."
76561198043065469,Not Recommended,289130,34110333,Posted: 8 August,all,Thermonuclear-Taco,"the endgame is boring and ardeous. The units are few and not very different from eachother, especailly in terms of power which i see as a large issue"
,Not Recommended,289130,19528277,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Vernalis,If you playing multiplayer. You cant finish a game because of Random Crashes and Bugs.But its great game for single player.
,Recommended,289130,12150006,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,[HSOWA] Mr. CEO,Garb = Kane
76561198065918046,Not Recommended,289130,17819544,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SEIGI NO MIKATA,"This game which in theory sounds awesome and very enjoyable has ruined the last 80 minutes of me any my friend's lives. If a game is not apt to handle or at least managa a coop mode, dont do it guys. 80 minutes spent and we still couldn't reach each other on the map, what should we do completely focus on finding each other? What's more, even if you meet each other which you both dont know where each other is in the first place, only one person wins LOL... You cant get a victory with your allies? This could also mean you can't play 2versus2, the game always will be free for all. I'm all up for a solo gameplay but if there is a multi function which btw is why i bought the frickin game, you'd better come through. People say we ""worked"" together to get a win collectively, I can only fathom one explanation for this ""working"": you basically fed one guy so that he gets more out of the game. Imagine feeding and sacrificing for another player just to win against AI on any other game LMFAO what a joke.TLDR: Game is fine if you're buying this for solo gameplay purposes, just dont invest in this if you want to have a good strategy gaming time with your friends."
,Recommended,289130,24470126,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ReFizzed,"If there's one thing all these negative reviews have in common, it's that they play the game for an hour or two... BibleThump People are so stupid BibleThump"
76561198036713503,Not Recommended,289130,11947094,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,happyscrub,"My thoughts so far on this game… (on the direction the game design is going, not on broken things that I predict will be fixed later on)The upgraded weapons/armor are really side grades instead of upgrades. The valuable tech needed to get these can be put elsewhere in your empire for a 100% upgrade.Upgraded weapons/armor go obsolete as you advance in an era. Not only does it make it potential wasted tech, it puts a major penalty on rush tactics.They should just rework the whole weapon armor system in that respect.Resources are unlocked as the game passes…. but again, these resources are just side grades also (Era 1 – you can collect apples. Era 2 – you are now able to collect oranges!).  They should just allow all resources to be unlocked and just put in tech trees in more advance eras to allow more harvesting of different resources.  That or something else.Stockpile system and trading seems silly, and I don’t understand the purpose behind it.Stuff like food and industry are not global to your other cities. So if you have one city with TONS!!!!! of food production and another with zero food production, there’s no way to trade food between cities except with stockpiles. But all stockpiles are made with industry. But if the city with TONS!!!!  of food  production has little industry production, then it would be completely unpractical to attempt to make stockpiles.You would think trading would trade stuff like food, but it doesn’t. So in the end, you really make all these individual cities that can’t really help each other outside of gold and tech (which are global). They either need to make everything global (a cheap lazy fix) or just rework trading and stockpiles.I don’t understand the “vision” behind district making.  Whatever it was, it didn’t work because districts are more of an aggravation mechanic more than anything else. And people have already found and abused how to upgrade districts: Perfect geometric shapes. That hinders a few concepts in the game.1. It will make every city look exactly the same, which brings staleness to the game.2. It hinders the nice game design they have with the tiles and how much they affect resources with the tons strategy it can add to a game.3. It also puts a HUGE!!!! penalty on fast growing tactics with all the negative effects you get before you can even level up your districts in the process.This game has no potential for Co-op with how the races were design. One has to be with war with everyone, another can’t declare war on anyone, ect. The only way I can see co-op working with how the game is now is if you  both control the same individual fraction (not two different clans of the same fraction)Unit production is not only slow, but can’t be done at the same time as building structures, which makes it even slow. So that together makes the game so slow too. I find myself sitting here clicking next turn repeatedly and boringly when I could be managing troops and engagements around the map at the same time to make it more interesting.I give this game a 5 out of 10 with the direction it's going. And that's NOT including all the game breaking bugs that are still being worked out in the beta version."
76561197990750958,Not Recommended,289130,19154732,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,jj1298,seems good at first. Turns out it's a really boring game.
,Not Recommended,289130,13173756,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Philz Coffee,"Game won't run. Reinstalled a few times, restarted comp, errors.NotImplementedException: The game creation process has failed.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------GameClientState_LaunchGame.GameService_CreateGameComplete (System.Object sender, Amplitude.Unity.Game.CreateGameCompleteEventArgs e)Amplitude.Unity.Game.GameManager.OnCreateGameComplete (Amplitude.Unity.Game.CreateGameCompleteEventArgs e)Amplitude.Unity.Game.GameManager.CreateGameAsync_CoroutineExceptionHandler (System.Object sender, Amplitude.CoroutineExceptionEventArgs args)Amplitude.Coroutine+<EnumerableRun>c__Iterator96.MoveNext ()--------------------------------------------------------------------------------V1.0.21 S3  (64-bit)"
76561198031360009,Not Recommended,289130,20510751,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mordmorgan,"I didn't have fun, rather have played Civ 4 or 5."
76561198164215720,Not Recommended,289130,20185470,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zels,"Meh.Other than the combat resolution system (which is brilliant), Endless Legend comes up pretty short.The devs tried too hard not to feature conventional fantasy races (elves, dwarves, giants, orcs etc); they ended up creating an alien world rather than a fantasy one.It all looks delicious, but it's tough to sink your teeth into it."
76561198032210832,Not Recommended,289130,12403807,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Dhaidrem,"The game is excessively bug ridden. It crashes for no apparent reason without warning. I am extremely dissapointed.Pros: The game is beautiful. The content is thoughtful and enthralling. It's everything I have wanted in a fantasy, turn based strategy game.Cons: It crashes so often, and without warning that it is currently unplayable. I hope they update this game soon and fix these problems. I bought it at the release more than a week ago hoping that these issues would have been handled by now....."
76561198031481634,Recommended,289130,24003740,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ShineOn,"Great game, great artwork, crisp presentation. A must have for anyone who enjoys the genre."
,Recommended,289130,24009173,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tibb,"Well, this is an amazing game. Music is gorgeous, graphics... GREAT, optimization seems amazing as well. let me tell you exactly my experience ;)- Started up game-saw intro and graphics- left to change pants- Came back and saw list of options- Saw the option for tutorial and thought ""Who needs a tutorial?""- Well, apparently me...- Felt super lost and eventually spent the time on tutorial- Built a small Drakken civilization- Built a second city- Nothing happens.- Lost a lot of Dust (In game currency)- built two more cities and realized my problem. I didn't have enough tech on my second city hehe- winter comes- I get recked and become bankrupt- my entire army is sold to keep me out of bankruptcy- surrounding colonies declare war- I slowly crumble"
76561198052570801,Recommended,289130,12156420,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,STYG,"Could you at least make sure your battle system doesn't glitch before releasing your ♥♥♥♥ing game? I get attacked, which is all fine and dandy. but when it keeps me in the battle, and won't let me attack or do ANYTHING besides quit, I get frustrated. Especially considering a person like me, who doesn't save on a 2-minute basis in fear of my game retarding the ♥♥♥♥ out. fix this issue, please. I'd really like to keep playing this game.So the game's pretty good, actually."
76561198036095074,Not Recommended,289130,23545260,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,rontoxopeus,"Not for me. I tried, time after time. To many penalties for doing well, the battle scenario takes too long and it seems if you go to war, you lose economically. Blech!!"
76561198004755812,Not Recommended,289130,12431654,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Black Blood,"I am an avid fan of 4x  stratgegy games. I bought the founder's pack full of anticipation. I loved endless space and wanted to see what the studio would do with the fantasy setting. Unfortunately I still dont know. I cant get this game to run.I am afraid that this is the most frustrating game I have ever purchased from Steam. I want to love it but I cant. I've tried installing this on two pcs. One it crashes at start up and I cant even play it, Win 8.1. The other crashes a few turns in, Win 7.I've tried all the patches workarounds and other advice on the various support forums. I still can play the game.My advice if you are on Win 8.1 dont bother save your money until this game gets out of the open beta phase disguised as a release. Win 7 is a maybe, most of the posts on here are positive so obviously most people can play it. I just wish I was one of them."
76561198011975895,Not Recommended,289130,12622593,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Psyckle,"Its been about a week and I still haven't been able to run the game or tutorial. Have posted on the support forums but nothing seems to be forthcoming as yet. If you feel the price is worth a shot that the game may not work on your system than have a go I guess. Thre do seem to be a fair few bugs on the forums, can't tell you about the game itself, beyond it doesn't work."
,Not Recommended,289130,19175348,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Unrealdeath,"The game is in itself good (graphics, factions) but the endgame is pretty boring, cause you just farm ressources and at the end you just crush other armies with your now good equipped army.Technical issues:First to say is that my system surpasses the system requirements of the game.The problem is that in only 14 hours of gaming i got 2 crashes and other problems followed.Some Units lost equipment, which is in itself not really troublesome. It is troublesome that this game just crashes too often, in 14 hours you can play only one session, which i couldn't finish because of those bugs.I doubt that the developer will fix those bugs - cause the games is now long released and those minor bugs are still not fixed.I really like games like this but, but i had less problems with Fallen Enchantress: Legendary HeroesSo after this one buggy Session i can't recommend it all."
,Not Recommended,289130,21777010,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,CB,"Tries to be Civ V: fantasy edition, and succeeds in a lot of places. The maps are neat, the quests are compelling, exploration is fun. Combat leaves something to be desired, as it's mostly very repetitive non-tactical busywork. It has a 'play combat for me' feature, which would be super if it worked, but in my experience, my forces lose A LOT more often in auto mode, meaning that I had to play the combat manualy if I wanted to keep a good army for my empire, and it starts to feel like a chore, and then I don't want to play the game at all.Most everything else about the game it fantastic, and if the auto-combat worked well, I would recommend it to everyone who likes Civ games and fantasy settings."
,Recommended,289130,9925460,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,House Bolton,"Eyyy, this game's dern sure good, I'll tell you what"
76561197967349303,Not Recommended,289130,13150634,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Hatchling,Several game crashes within minutes of each other. Fix the Code.
76561198141160869,Not Recommended,289130,15026287,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,boldviking,"Bought it with the hope of a linux version, but the devellopers can't seem to make it happen. So no good review from me. Yes i know the game is good, but there is no valid reason for them not to be able to make a Linux port happen."
76561198072272583,Not Recommended,289130,12588701,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,grumpyapp,seemed very good before buy but very boring
76561198058267679,Not Recommended,289130,12334627,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,NECKER,"I bought Endless Legends after reading reviews that compared it to the Civilization series. A few reviews I read even stated that it was a better game. I had high hopes but this game fell short. Each race only has 4 military units (boring). You can take over minor factions  (similar to barbarian huts in Civ) and get there units but that gets old quick. After 30 hours invested I realize this game has no lasting appeal for me. If you're hoping for an evolved Civilization fantasy game, this will dissapoint you."
,Recommended,289130,19257253,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,robj72,This is my 'go-to' game...haven't played Civ xx since I found it. I'm excited to see how this game continues to progress as I'm hopeful this will remain relevant for many years. My only complaint is that spectator is all or nothing for battle sequences...wish I could watch until i got tired and then opt out for the remainder. I actually always use auto as I find targeting mundane...however; i do like to understand how the various troops perform during battle. The other item on my wish list is to better understand the 'perks' for a here...it is not easy to mouse over the perk to see more details on the benefit. I'm sure I could find it if I looked hard enough but it should be more easily accessible in game. All in all....a great game and well worth the money.
76561198006927874,Recommended,289130,12156265,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Tsemp,This game is awesome. Nuff said.
76561197994385804,Not Recommended,289130,14872010,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,bountyfox,"If it would work, it would be fun. But, 99% of the time, I have been unable to start a new game, the world generator fails constantly, and on the precious few times it dosen't the game runs the risk of not letting me save. Dozens seem to have these same problems, and have had them since the games release nearly a year ago.. showing the devs have no intention of fixing or solving this problem other then blaming it on firewalls and antivirus programs [I ran without either and it still did not work. ]"
76561198006641656,Not Recommended,289130,22043690,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Suyadon,"I've never tried so hard to like a game. I'm a huge 4x gamer and most reviews for this game were in line with my expectation on the surface. But after logging in some hefty hours and additional DLC, I cannot enjoy this game. AI, just seems too weak, the UI feels clunky and the games asthetics ruin the emmersion for me. This game just feels way over-rated."
76561198045550631,Recommended,289130,29431682,Posted: 22 January,all,PussPtrlr,to anyone that likes getting their settlers killed in late game by a ♥♥♥♥ing mob you could one hit even though you have four other ♥♥♥♥ers they always go and one shot ur god damn settlers. just make them un♥♥♥♥ing targetable or something. give me any chance of them not getting cheesed away. ai for battles is terrible
76561197972375254,Not Recommended,289130,23127478,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BagOfRichards,This game has a lot of potential and improves upon endless space. But in the end it tries to do too much without doing anything good enough to stand out. Combat is better than endless space but has much to be desired.
,Recommended,289130,24005713,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Shwarthog,"Endless Legends is a very good game. It's gorgeous, has a lot of depth in its gameplay and lore, and is perfectly balanced.The gameplay mechanics are very complex and detailed but the UI is designed to make things as simple as they could be.The factions are very different and offer a lot of different playstyles and experiences.But, there are two things I don't like about this game :- The battles are not really entertaining, because you don't have a complete control over your army.- The lore and history of the game are hidden in huge masses of text in quest descriptions and it's a pity because there's som much to discover. WE NEED CUTSCENES, MANY MORE !"
76561198007423615,Not Recommended,289130,13646458,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,cascreer,Poor man's civilisation. Don;t waste your money. Stick with Sid!
76561198061511424,Not Recommended,289130,15485502,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,TwoTone,"Well that was a waste of time, great graphics, and a glorious landscape and character pool. but the learning curve is painful! If you are looking for a fun game this is not it. Strategy and sheer volume? yes but is that enough to keep you going through missions getting slaughtered by AI and trying to learn as fast as possible? I do not think so wish i could have a refund, uninstalling now. Also the only reason i purchased them was due to dungeon of the endless which is amazing!"
76561198036994018,Not Recommended,289130,22387504,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Kaskoril,Crashed everytime on startup.  N
76561198006986278,Recommended,289130,14457386,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Bored Peon,"A well made fantasy version of Endless Space, almost like a mod because it uses the same hero system. The game is also worth trying if you enjoyed Stardock's Fallen Enchantress series, Civilization, or Warlock.Each race has their own victory quest storyline you can follow. Heroes can manage cities or armies. Game has market system to be able to puchase luxuries or strategic resources if you got the shaft by the random map maker. The market also has heroes and units for sale you would not be able to build yourself.The tactical combats are only six turns long which can be used to hold out for an escape or it could take multiple turns to wipe multiple armies out. Multiple armies can be involved in a tactical combat depending on their distance and anything past the initial target and targer has to arrive a few units at a time via a reinforcement system.If you enjoyed the one city challenge in Civilization IV then this game is fairly balanced to do the same. This is because luxury buffs, research costs, and empire plans costs are dependant on how many cities you own,"
,Recommended,289130,22295476,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,try2bcool69,"I don't even own this, but I like it!"
,Not Recommended,289130,21085673,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TouchyOne,Did the intro on how to play and that went great. Started my own game and was unable to move my units myself....restarted and same issue. I am getting a refund for this game because if I am already getting bugs that make the game unplayable in 10 minutes I can only guess to how bad it will get later.
,Not Recommended,289130,19426421,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Nadrojiskool,"Tried to play the game on easy, got absolutely obliterated.. TWICE. This game is absolute trash and has wasted my time to the point that I'm going to have to look up a GD guide so I can figure out HOW TO FINISH A GAME. FFS this is absolute nonsense, and I was REALLY looking forward to playing this. Don't think any amount of fun after I've learned to play could make up for this ****. What's even worse, is I spent SOO long in that GD long tutorial just so I.. wouldn't be able to play the game. Great.Edit: Either changing the race or difficulty down to nublet has allowed me to get a little ways into the game."
76561198051166142,Not Recommended,289130,13478734,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Feetuska,This is a ripoff of Civ 5.The only difference is that things have different names and you have to do some fancy RPG-ritual to fight foes which is frustrating and boring. It also has soldiers called heroes which are immortal for some reason and can be customised to have  clotches and armor. I'd recommend to buy yourself a Civilization 5 instead of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rip off.1.5/5
76561198259503133,Not Recommended,289130,20677774,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,moo,After an hours play I have no idea what I am doing.  Just get civ V instead and save yourself some frustration.
,Recommended,289130,20267586,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,533m3,"I was playing this game late one night with 2 friends and 3 ai players (6 in total). We play for 2 hours before the option of building the second legendary building (A building only one player can have and if two build it the one who finishes it first gets it and the other players are refunded) appears. I start to build it with 19 turns on its construction. We continue to play for 5 more rounds until i realized that my friends might be building the same thing. I quickly ask them, and too my relief they all said ""no."" But right after my friend says that this might help him get back in the game, since the game ♥♥♥♥ed him over in the beginning. He begins to build it, and i say nothing. I let him build even though i know im going to get the building first.My heart races as we continue, when i finally get the option to just buy the building appears. I click it. Then press ""End Turn"" The turn begins, and i hear a deep sigh of defeat. Then my friends says ""I no longer feel like playing, I've been defeated"" Laughing at this I tell him we'll kill whatever AI did this. Renewed he agrees to kill the AI with me. So i send him a peace treaty. And right after he checks who built the building. I than hear him scream ""YOU MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ER"" I burst out laughing while he curses at me tells me he going to kill me. We continue to play for some 25 more rounds until he justs says ""♥♥♥♥ this game"" then uninstalled the game.Made my friend mad at me for a week 11/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my friend off again"
,Not Recommended,289130,21740147,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,josh,"This game is terrible. All the units feel like they have been copy / pasted, with some kind of race modifier. The learning curve is steep, but that is OK, because the A.I. won't do anything anyway. And when you do run into some action, the battles are terribly dry and boring. After half a dosen or so, you will just auto-resolve them anyway. After several hours of plodding around the map, I asked myself, ""Why am I even playing this garbage?"" So, save yourself the money, and get a different game."
76561197967435517,Not Recommended,289130,27958376,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Groovy™,"No fun, overly complicated for what it is."
76561197996447950,Not Recommended,289130,29889601,Posted: 12 February,all,drepin,Too complicated and not intuitive to learn.
,Recommended,289130,15411079,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Psiursus,"If you've played one amplitude game then you have already a taste as to what each one is like just reskined. This one has some fun mechanics in combat but in my opinion has the same terrible resource system they put into every one of their games and the exact same research system. So while this one is nice and I do like it, I don't think its worth the 35$ they try to sell it for. Def pick it up while on sale because it can be a lot of fun.Bonus - One thing they have always done well is the art. Amplitude has an amazing art staff which has always sold me on all their games."
76561197970712590,Not Recommended,289130,13674318,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,isorashi,So disappoint.  Lot of potential but the UI is frustrating at times and the combat is awful.  Lots of customization in some areas and not nearly enough in others.
76561198054267600,Recommended,289130,28776228,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Yukon Hammer,really confusing off the start
,Not Recommended,289130,13467633,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Mr. Aziz,"This game would make a good replacement for sleeping pills if you have insomnia.WARNING: Side effects may include confusion, glitches, diarrhoea, soul-sucking feelings of melancholy and buyers remorse (thank Waukeen I never paid full price)."
,Not Recommended,289130,17823525,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,BadgerWaffles,"There is only one reason I would not recommend this game. It just felt to me that it could've been so much more. Like after earth in the Civ series, it just had so much potential and in the end just felt like a wet rag."
76561198215461792,Not Recommended,289130,19326435,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,rubyismycat,Lovely Game sadly its bugged you get to having seven city states and youll get a serious game error message its not good and makes the game unplayable so dont buy this game
76561198126115445,Recommended,289130,25368028,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,vault101tunnelsnake,Pretty fun game.
76561198063963211,Recommended,289130,22486511,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,it's cool but♥♥♥♥♥♥in singleplayer. i wish more of my friends played it
76561198061560047,Not Recommended,289130,22566779,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Northwind,"Only played 2 hours...but really...so slow and cumbersome game. I bought it on sale, and regrets it."
76561198011174715,Not Recommended,289130,29117153,Posted: 8 January,all,sicboy_2,"I like the factions/races and the interesting terrain & improvements but the game is waaaaaay too slow. I have a top-of-the-line machine and I have tried several different graphics settings and speeds (including those recommended by the forum) and nothing seems to help. It takes forever to load/start a game (which is OK, I can wait) and the battles are mind-numbing as it take a full 10-15 seconds for a unit to move, attack resolve. So one simple battle between just a few units takes 10x longer than it should to resolve. Not sure what is up with this game but as it is now it is unplayable."
76561198031680406,Not Recommended,289130,28130128,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,civilization,"Too many bugs, too many hours playing with stuff that I didn't even realise wasn't working. Maybe it's because I was playing with custom factions, because I can't imagine that some of this basic stuff wouldn't work in the default faction it's from unless they're really incompetent. I'm tired of seeing stuff not work. It's not even like it's new stuff I'm using – I only have the 1st and 3rd DLC.It's a shame because the guts of a good game are there but they just haven't dotted the i's and crossed the t's.As it stands it's like an artificial Xmas Tree with a few of the built in lights flickering annoyingly. I wanted to like it, but I have to throw the tree in the trash.Uninstalled."
76561198016248583,Not Recommended,289130,17851043,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sven,Good concept excuted by monkyes. Now they release DLCs....0/10Garbage/10
,Not Recommended,289130,17851656,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Artist Formerly Known as Rinse,"An incredibly cool and unique universe with truly SPECIAL factions, hampered by the lamest combat I have ever seen in a 4X game. Buy Age of Wonders 3 instead.C+"
,Recommended,289130,22718381,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,yes
76561197974021345,Not Recommended,289130,32487236,Posted: 16 June,all,wcleveng,"The UI is terrible, The game mechanics are non-obvious and arbitrary.  The in game explinations for everything are poorly written and/or just wrong.  Your options are painfully limited for the first several hours and the pacing is incredibly slow."
,Not Recommended,289130,29425159,Posted: 22 January,all,levaal,On MacOs in first hours got 3 crashes and a bug that could not let me deselect fullscreen mode. Found similar issue described on steam forum in 2014. And in 2017 this is still not fixed. Upset!
76561198015318169,Not Recommended,289130,23736136,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,bruno.frigeri,"I really tried to like this game but I just couldn't. I'm a big fan of the Civilization series and I was looking for a turn-based strategy game that would be different, but just as good.The graphics are beautiful and the mechanics of the battles are the best part of the game. The right combination of units based on the terrain of the battle is important and this makes the battles much more interesting than the classic ""roll of dices"" in the Civilization games.That being said, there's not much else I found interesting. It takes a long time to develop your civilization and when you get to an interesting level, you run out of turns.I might be missing something, as reviews for this game are mostly positive but I would only recommend trying out this game if it is on sale."
76561198002466573,Not Recommended,289130,28150629,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,NOM NOM NOM,"If this is your first foray into 4x, I'd suggest Civ 5, which gets you way more hours and is usually cheaper and deeper.  At first glance, Endless Legend seems deep, but it's pretty shallow under the surface, and the combat's egregiously clunky.   Most things are not intuitive, so you're sort of left floundering about hoping to find the combination that works... or just to zerg your opponent.  It tries a bit too hard to do everything - some Civ, some HoMM (Heroes of Might and Magic), some Age of Wonders... and it just ends up being a mess.If you can get it like I did for a huge discount (75%+ off) and you're tired of other strategy games (like I have been), go ahead and maybe pick it up.  Generally not worth it though."
76561198044218149,Not Recommended,289130,33646887,Posted: 19 July,all,MrSpanky,"A review for new players to the genre. Veterans move along.Not a welcoming type of game for an unexperienced player.There is no campaign and the motivation to play is already blocked by by the first screen asking to choose random parameters, like its the most obvious thing to do. Again, not newbie friendly.Difficulty is unbalanced with sudden attacks from enemy factions that react based on your status. A status that needs to be constantly monitored via boring spreadsheets and graphs.Combat is as basic as it gets. Slow, simply animated, with barebone sound effects. Character movement on map is poorly animated and choppy.Expanding cities and creating troops takes way too many turns and it feels like a slog. Loosing troops in battle is a major setback, especially while scouting. Production can be sped up with a buyout in gold and depending on the faction choosed its not always a viable option.In the end a boring, tedious and simply not fun experience."
76561198007056315,Not Recommended,289130,12739140,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Six,"$35 for a buggy game that doesn't run and cannot be played, regardless of what I do. Never had this problem with any other game that I have purchased on steam. I am kicking myself for not listening to the other reviewers who were warning people about the multiple problems with this game. Purchase at your own risk."
76561198065164422,Recommended,289130,24311840,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Shacck,A little complex
76561198005774899,Not Recommended,289130,29826940,Posted: 10 February,all,3 Laws Safe,"the game AI is hilariously bad, and overall its not amazing. its not bad, but it has no stand out features or gameplay. Might want to pass on this one guys"
76561197971043125,Not Recommended,289130,30023929,Posted: 18 February,all,Adrian,"While I love the game, I'm afraid I have to give it a thumbs down for the fact that, up to now, my friend and I still find it difficult to successfully join each other's multiplayer game.Sometimes, whoever is joining is unable to see other players (including the AI bots) in the lobby screen. Assuming that doesn't happen, sometimes when starting the multiplayer game, it doesn't load up. Assuming that doesn't happen, during gameplay the player who joined the game may unexpectedly get dropped from the game after roughly ten or so turns in my experience.I've tried looking up solutions for this problem, but found nothing reliable. Now, I know one can criticize me of not looking hard enough, but the truth is that I don't think I really should *have* to look for fixes to something that should have long been resolved by the developer.Their product is supposed to work properly in the first place, and they've had a lot of time by now to have fixed it, only they did not. Yes, I could talk about the rest of the game aside from this bug, but these constant game crashes and failures to successfully join a game at least in the multiplayer aspect are a critical bug that I just find plainly unacceptable.I really hope the developers crack down on this kind of thing - if at least on their future games."
76561197984740663,Not Recommended,289130,13423579,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,GhostFace,"I dont understand this game getting good reviews.  I have tried so hard to get into it as I really love turn based strategy games and buy most of them but this thing....It feels like your'e playing in slow motion, so very little is ever happening and I cant find any part of the gameplay that feels intuitive.The combat is just sad in all honesty, you do NOTHING...its like watching a really boring .avi video.The only fun I had in the 3 hours I bothered trying this was the tombs or whatever they are, you can loot them like alot of strategy games have.  I may eventually go back and try this one more time but it'll be a while before I bother thats for sure."
76561198262201422,Not Recommended,289130,27877802,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,massageedge,"5.5/10playable but it falls short.i love the endless series, but despite high hopes it feels like they phoned in this production, its a fantasy version of civ that fails at user controls, interface, battle, and flow. it's annoyingly slow though that might be my computer despite having more than enough . This game has great concepts, great features, and it's pretty.  if there was a company that would do an overhaul and not a patch i would buy that game in a min.keep an eye out for endless legend 2"
76561198018277440,Not Recommended,289130,23174218,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Revoker,"Well I have played just about every 4x game ever created, and this one is just blah tbh. It is pretty and well made with workable AI, but the game fails to stand out at all. There is nothing compelling or deep about it. After 49 hours and all the xpacs this game has failed to really draw me in. If you are looking for a typical midline 4x game with great presentation you will be happy. Any serious strategy gamer, or anyone looking for some magic beneath the hood, move on."
76561198076918091,Not Recommended,289130,12888356,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Leon,"Was dissapointed with the game as during 1.5 playthroughs crashed over 20 times, at times Save got bugged so lost over an hour play time when needed to load back. Didnt like how battles were playing out due to its own system ( i guess this particular one is matter of choice). Overall - great idea with the factions but too many bugs - feel my money are wasted as deleting the game."
76561198062198079,Recommended,289130,23802976,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Heartfire,I LOVE THIS GAME!!! :)
,Recommended,289130,20467086,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Wholesome Yithani!,"I told you about those Ardent Mages, bro"
76561197969771202,Recommended,289130,12150276,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Strontium Dog,"This is simply Civilization on steroids - not more, but certainly not less."
76561198032468880,Not Recommended,289130,20080079,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,beaubrent,"I've given this game a try, I really have. I like the depth of material in the player's chosen storyline, but the one thing that stops me enjoying this is the graphics.The graphics are bizarre, almost too tall, and with details so small it kind of all blends together, especially with the added mechanics of borders.There are so many resources that it is difficult to understand what the point of any of them are."
76561197960548727,Not Recommended,289130,12438605,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Hellion03,"I cannot recommend this game at this time. It is riddled with bugs and crashes on a continuing basis. I have submitted numerous crash reports already, after having the game for only a week or so. This game should still be considered in BETA testing IMO."
76561198127344833,Not Recommended,289130,24861083,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Draco451,"Despite what it say on how much I've played, I've never gotten past the first screen showing the companies who made this game. I have a Mac Book Air and it seems that everytime I loaded it, even the lower bit version, it never seems to work. My computer does not have any other problems running this, but I do plan on getting a decent non-Apple PC to play this game. I'll try and see if I can get it to work, otherwise, Ill leave my opinions out in the air for a while."
76561198066521381,Not Recommended,289130,12340636,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,mat669,.
76561198124923875,Recommended,289130,30626038,Posted: 19 March,all,DropFox,I never played this game
,Not Recommended,289130,22705045,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Darth Hernia,"This game sounded so good on paper. A 4x strategy game with great visuals that evolves the community in game design. I've heard great things about it. How tightly-knit and helpful the community is. How responsive the devs are to player feedback. My experience has been exactly the opposite.The game is extremely difficult to get into. Unless you're an 4x veteran (which I am not), you will have a hard time just learning to play. Most likely you will be unable to figure out how to play and need to look for community advice at some point.The community is very tightly-knit and likes to mob up on whoever daring to criticize the game. The developers and forum moderators were very condescending and rude as well, outright outright answering criticism with insults.It's an alright game. But it's just not worth it having to deal such a toxic community. I will never support another Amplitude project in the future."
76561197961028666,Not Recommended,289130,27884789,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Haida,"Game had a lot of potential and I was extremely excited to play to ease my 4X itch. Unfortunately, I couldn't quite get into it and found myself wanting to turn to Civ.I still think it is a great game for many people but perhaps was just one that I over hyped in my own head."
76561198046791480,Not Recommended,289130,22458100,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Chris Nukem,Don't buy this crap
76561198013368738,Not Recommended,289130,13739331,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Maximus,"Conceptually the game is great. I love the quest, the whole gaming experience looks fun. The game just never lives up to it's own enjoyment. Tech tree is pretty lame, quests feel repeditive and don't have any serious effect. Even the different races, they all more or less play out the same. Really wish they would have put some more thought into this 4X game. Would have been really enjoyable."
76561198062167715,Not Recommended,289130,13863420,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Robin,broken 1/10 can't play it would not recommend
,Not Recommended,289130,20866370,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ＥＣＬＵＮ,hexagon
76561198141436073,Not Recommended,289130,18716443,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ramshod,game has too many issue out of the box just to get the world generator to work
76561198015823735,Not Recommended,289130,12859144,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,chrishbh,"many bug, too borig"
76561198030892888,Not Recommended,289130,12856445,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,zhang6z6,"Newly purchased game and crashes everytime I launch the game a few seconds after displaying the Endless Legend splash screen.Please advise how I can resolve this.(Running on a MacBook Pro Retina 2012, 2.3 GHz, Intel Core i7, 8 GB RAM, Intel HD Graphics 4000, OS X 10.9.4)"
,Not Recommended,289130,17731292,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,ZeeTeeX,Average game .. not really that great but has its moments . interesting civilizations and backstories . but not very exiting gameplay . its bland and only 3 units melee ranged and cav. basicly thier is almost no strategy almost feels automated .. not worth buy overall just go and buy Civ 5
76561198025312888,Not Recommended,289130,12370779,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Zaji,Crashed on launch 0/10
76561198149776701,Not Recommended,289130,21399905,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Dumtskk,"Very dissapointing, I couldnt captured nearby unoccupied district, long boring and useless tutorial. REFUND."
,Not Recommended,289130,22504726,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,King Avory,"This is a good game for those that enjoy it. However for someone who has played and enjoys Sid Meier's Civilization V and Civilziation Beyond Earth which are Historic and Sci-Fi counter parts (the former being the orignal 4X Hex game) I do not enjoy Endless Legend.The game seems to be incomplete and provides you will aditional DLC you need to pay for each time which do little to improve the game other then including a new faction, a new mechanic that you'll never use and a few minor tweeks to other asepcts of the game which you all would expect to get in a free update from any other game developer what believes in it's product.The game is pretty and the lore is intresting but simple fact that it lacks simple features like a Naval combat (or any reason to have a game which is either not all land or a single continent) just make you question if the developers just wanted to make a good game, or whether they just wanted to make a game featuring all of the best bits about the Sid Meier's Civilization series (from Diplomacy, Unit stacking, Hex grid and Quests [although CivBE came after EL]) without any orignal ideas or thought.As I said before; It's a good game if you enjoy it, but it's not for everyone."
,Recommended,289130,15420739,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Sloth Wang,noyce game
76561198006577480,Not Recommended,289130,20294289,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lord of Nothing,Save your money!!! It's a poorly done done Civ rip off! The interface is garbage and the gameplay is mediocre. If you really enjoy like customization and unit building try the Galactic civilizations series
,Not Recommended,289130,13188422,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Captain_Arrrg,It's a bad sign when a game glitches and becomes stuck in the tutorial.
76561198039378152,Not Recommended,289130,30149670,Posted: 24 February,all,tyw,"The OS X compatibility/support is basically non-existent. Multiple users have commented on the forums that the game crashes immediately when launched in a multi-monitor setup. I thought this kind of bug had been solved 10-15 years ago, but apparently it's still a thing. No word from the developer in the last month or two on whether they're going to attempt fixing the problem. Will update review if they ever do, but not holding my breath at this point."
76561198047125082,Recommended,289130,14358585,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Shaunn,the game his great i love this game its a nice 4X .the only thing that his bad about it his that the max turn his 600 i find it stupid to have a max turn.espacialy a game like that that take quite a while to complete but beside that all his good the game gfx and gameplay his awesome.i iwould recomend it to anyone who like civ 5 or that type of game to buy this game.if you like mod there his not alot on the web just a handful of mods for endless legend and its not on steam too i find that stupid most game have steam mod compatible but anyway the game his great worth the money.(oh and if you reading thisto unlock mazeri you need to have the crystal pack of endless dungeon)
76561198040913902,Not Recommended,289130,21528237,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Y2Jus10B,"Not a fan, thumbs down!"
76561198031166825,Not Recommended,289130,22208871,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Pompous Soufflé,"This game looks like it'd be awesome...but it crashes at the logo screen every time I try to run it.:,("
76561198022641234,Not Recommended,289130,28087248,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Malcara,"I wish this game worked as nice as it does in Youtube Let's Play videos. For me every game I play it puts me right next to another faction regardless of my game settings, or I start in an absolutely useless region, regardless of settings. I'm finding that maybe 1 in 50 game starts are halfway decent. Game creation has some epic flaws. And a half hour or more to start each new game, wtf is wrong with the devs? This game could be absolutely amazing if only game starts were decent and it didn't take all day to say ""Hey your starting location is B.S. and not usable, better start over."" I'm a huge fan of strategy games whether it be ""Real Time"" or ""Turn Based."" I play them all and never have I spent an entire day starting a playable game. ""Here is a perfect starting location, but there are billion canyons and ridges in the way that will take your settler 2-4 turns just to found your first city. Your region has no resources or usable minor faction, or it does but 2 or 3 other major factions are 1 or 2 regions away. Even Civ. V with 14 players on a huge map wasn't this useless. At least 1 in 3 game starts were decent and it didn't take a half hour to start each game.﻿ Every other Strategy or city builder game I have played, the map creator for games worked better than Endless Legends this is absolute B.S."
76561198123502946,Not Recommended,289130,29477596,Posted: 24 January,all,tapatioman78,"Played the tutorial, got pumped, but then couldn't launch any games. Couldn't create a new world because supposedly a file was already being read by some other app?"
76561197988939691,Not Recommended,289130,29577614,Posted: 29 January,all,Ed,"A little too slow, a little too boring for me. I couldn't get into this game."
76561198122506674,Recommended,289130,30042533,Posted: 19 February,all,VIXIMUS,kek
76561198054267521,Not Recommended,289130,29153901,Posted: 9 January,all,airickred,"Bottom line this game is too much.  I spent like 40 hours on this game and at like turn 70ish I probably would win on normal.  Honestly this game just doesnt come together well.  The tutrial is like a 1 out 10.  I have been eyeing this game for awhile.  It went on sale and yea it is different.  I will probaly come back to it for awhile, because I dont want to waste the money.  Dont buy it.  If you dont own Sins or Fallen Enchantress get one of them.  It seems like it should be a decent-good- even great game.You will build things that cannot be finished.  You'll get the same quests more than once and you didnt want or couldnt finish them the first time.  You will google search how to make a peace treaty and really there will be no good answer.  Quested items are junk.The game is so freakin slow it is crazy.  The combat/defense area is poor.  A decent 2 army one hero group will take on about anything.  Upgrade it along the way.  Making armys is slow, and politics are even slower.  Good policy doesnt mean your neighbor will help you out.  In fact, they tend to spy and dismantle you.Armys take way too long to make.   The random area resources are poorly designed.  Random resources appear throughout both spawn and eras, but dont make weak areas better necessarly.  It is very random.  Some areas are larger.."
76561198039291789,Not Recommended,289130,21555669,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Shalicu,"I'm a big fan of games like Total War, and Heroes of Might and Magic.. However I'm to stupid to figure out what exactly is happening in this game... felt like getting your army to the moon 3 cubic meters per turn... Eventually I looked at my army, and looked at the moon, and was like... F*** that..."
76561198115020825,Not Recommended,289130,22547885,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,The_Naive_Frog,"I will not change the bad review, as long as  there is no Chinese Version.官方简直尼玛就是纯傻吊"
,Not Recommended,289130,22580544,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Carrington,Functionally impenetrable. This sort of game was acceptable 10 or 15 years ago. I don't understand the industry's obsession with designs that lack even basic introductions.
,Not Recommended,289130,26527243,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,tesarta,"There's probably a really good game in here, but I can't find it. Everything is incredibly slow-moving and dull. The visuals are fancy but they are so busy and dark that it's quite difficult finding anything on the map. The UI has the same problem: too much noise.The developers tried to make a sumptuous game but what they ended up with was a vomit sandwich."
76561198047464044,Not Recommended,289130,33109028,Posted: 1 July,all,Tony Divine,"All of the people that are saying the game is convoluded and difficult to start playing are right. It's intuitive enough to start, but the deep, strategic elements are on a ""figure it out by yourself"" basis. For example, 12 hours in and I was never able to figure out how to declare war on another faction. Seems like something that should be pretty obvious, it wasn't.The Game isn't terrible. It's playable. But it's too slow for a strategy game. The combat is clunky at best. For the record, I don't like any of the civ games. This plays very much like the rest of the civ games. If you liked those, you'll probably like this game too."
76561198050927097,Not Recommended,289130,12955634,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,saltyregwin,This game will not let you save it.  I'm running in full screen mode on a Mac and what should appear as a save screen is just a big cloudy looking page of nothing.  I want my money back.
76561198046308200,Not Recommended,289130,29617698,Posted: 31 January,all,Soul Manure,"Super slow game, overcomplicated and just didn't grab me the way that I thought for sure that it would, since I love 4x."
76561198065937188,Not Recommended,289130,12736103,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,daLiquidBoss,"This game appeared to be  more than it was. Initially there is a good sense of tectics but unfortunately it is shallow. Battles are boring and doesn't improve the graphics when it zooms in. The resource management is overwhelming and doesn't have a permanent spot to see what resources you have /need. I feel ripped off for the price I payed. Avoid this game, or atleast wait and see if there is a price plop..."
76561198053234764,Not Recommended,289130,29797844,Posted: 9 February,all,Asmosis,"Decent game, but does a really poor job of explaining how it works. If you can get passed that frustrating experience you might like it."
76561198010325550,Recommended,289130,24174648,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,skico,The true king of 4X.
76561197994170103,Not Recommended,289130,13094708,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,f22nickell,"Bug riddled, unplayable as is. Constant ""Out of Memory"" crashes. Multiple reporting to developer by many, many people; no response. Developer unwilling to even acknowledge these crash reports. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS UNPLAYABLE GAME."
,Not Recommended,289130,19714241,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Tron,No good. Next.
76561198068895593,Not Recommended,289130,16986180,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,anolisjd1990,"SCORE 5/10Ill get straight to the point this game is a 4x game(exttremely longggg strategy games)it has 8 faction each whits it specialty unit(only 3 per faction) starting bonuses and special faction ability.The goal of the game is to reach one of the 8 winning conditions. so to get to the point quickly ill number them as i do always on my reviews into  NEGATIVE, POSITIVES and SUGGESTIONS for the DEVELOPERS. IILL BE COMPARING THIS GAME WHIT CIV.BEYOND EARTH(C:BE) as it was the game that draw me to the genre.-NEGATIVE--Very poor job to explain the game to a rookie,very lackluster introduction to the game.has no library to search info on your questions like in C:BE.which is where the majority of my problems go.-You cant control where you trade, cant raid on trade routes and to me that a very important part of a strategy game simulating warfare.-I dont even know on what is the world score based on so i have to clue how to keep going my score up.-Huge world whit lots of sea and there arent any naval Units, only to travel the land units turn into ships.-The game is veryyyy super sloww i find it even slower than C:BE, it takes forever to build things even on the fast setting.-They dont explain the 8 victory conditions or how to reach them(Unlike C:BE). so i dont know what to plan for.-The factions are not balanced, of the 4 game i played the Broken lords,Roving clans and Necrophage tend to be at the top of the score.-Factions only have 3 ""unique"" units each whit special abilitys that really arent that special since the unit activates whenever they want and not when I want.-The units types makes no diference  beacuse they are not good at their role except for the Archer unit which is overpowered to the extreme basically you can win the game whit only archer units and can even kill the anti archer unit cavalry whit ease.-Hate the Eras leveling up system, you have 6 eras and in order to age to the next one you have to research 9 discoverys from the previous one in order to get to the next one. each of those discoverys have very long turns numbers this is another thing that makes the game slow as ♥♥♥♥.-This is the part i most hate, there a whole lot of discoverys(techs) whit long turn times which i may mention there are about 65-80 techs of them. This is what makes the game so slow you research it and after you do the research you have to research them individually on each city in order to work. take a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of time and makes it tedious.-You dont expand your territory like in C:BE you have regions when you build a city in that region the whole regions is yours. personally is a cool feature but makes the game stale.- Another thing that make the game slow,You have to upgrade your units MANUALLY EACH of the units whit the available era equipment, and this is where it pisses me off, if you have a units that is already building named MARINE1 and you upgraded him to MARINE2 the being build unit stays the same MARINE1, you have to delete him and put a MARINE2 or upgrade him on the field.+POSITIVE++Each of the 8 factions are very different from each other for example ill note the most originals,  Broken Lord( Noble knights vampiric spirits in armor) Cultist of Eternal End (Robotic Manequins Zealots) Necrophages (Medieval Zombie Insectoids) Also worth to mention the Drakken (Wise  diplomatic dragonic sages).   also the art style they use is wonderfull and very just beautiful is like art that moves when the leader of other faction speak to you.+LOVE the lore and story and the feel of the factions. and the Minor factions idea is just great which is about twice the number of the major factions they act like the neutral bugs of C;BE but they can be assimilated into your empire but you only can have about 3 serving yoru empire so chose carefully.+Love how they turned clasical and overdone fantasy races into something fresh or scary♥♥♥♥♥monsters into just people who live on the planet like the Drakken.But to me the best example are the Orcs in other games they are warring strong people, here they are a minor faction of hunter scavengers whit big bows.+KILLER soundtrack from choirs to angel like voices and very melodic tunes that calm your soul. this is the mostly reason i keep playing it.+I think the diplomacy system is better than C:BE+like how they update the game whit some new minor factions from time to time and the cheap price they put on the small DLC guardians.SUGGESTIONS DEVELOPERS.>The discovery systems makes the game to slow and tedius, make half of them for example Public Sewers or City Def. upgrades UNIVERSAL and the one you have to again build  in your region would be extractors,towers or borought would be REGIONAL.you cut that and the era System it self will be shorter.>Naval Units need to be there, there a huge world whit powerfull empires whit sea and archipielagos but no navy??  makes no sense at all.>Better introduction into the game or and easy to use library ingame for the gamers in order to check on stuff and not have to close the window in order to look for the manual on steam.>The unit types are not working they are useless after all whit only archers you can win, its very broken system.>A ingame chart that tell how much world points you have and in which areas like in the end game.This game is not for the impatient like I. :D"
76561198068591376,Not Recommended,289130,12519117,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ColdLucid,"Do you like Civ 5? Do you wish that Civ 5 could be way more complicated? Is Civ 5 too pretty for you?  If so, then you'll like Endless Legend. Extremely overly complicated."
,Not Recommended,289130,19300107,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,KurzedMetal,"Extremely slow combat, slow world map unit movement, slow base upgrading and expansion... *yawn*"
76561198133845992,Not Recommended,289130,13476561,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Blitzwing,"Whell, where shall I start.You have 8 factions, each with different 3 battle units.To get New Town you do colonise Sectors or Provinces, like you have to fight over 20 or more sectors. You have like in Civilisation a Sattler but he does colonise Provinces.I am actually disappointed by this game.1 You don't have a Story or Champagne, just a huge map to conquer.2 It takes time from one turn to next.3 Diplomacy does work only after research. So it takes allot of turn to actually do, what other games just do offer from begin on.4 What I do really dislike is actually the battles.You have better units and more units, but do fail.So you attack or get attacked, after some turn the battle end and in the next round you get attacked again, but the enemy units are all healed, yours damaged. Really who designed this?So, the battle starts, units do damage each other and after some turns all leave the battlefield.5 You can't make teams before the game starts.6 After a few turn AI does have teams of 6 units, after 100 turns the first 2 of 6 research ""trees"" completely unlocked, you still do have 4 units in your squad.7 for political actions you need points that a generated really slowly, so it takes some turn to make simple deals like trade or open borders.8 And the worst of this game is the build and buy of units,The build turn are randomly and do change with no reason.So like you start in a region and need only 4 turns for a settler.Same game options, start again, and same unit needs 30 turns.Last time i Started it was 12 turns required for settler.After some turns it want for no reason suddenly more turns, like to 16.Same effect on research, I start and after each round new tech is unlocked, than after 150 turn not even the second research tree is unlocked.You just don't now how fast will be your progress, but the way AI seems not to be affected to this. Well you have to look at ground bonuses if you start the game. And you get often a bad region for start. And if you want a bigger map, this does slow you down , you need more turns for same stuff."
76561198055755835,Not Recommended,289130,12368747,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Árni Þór,It gets really boring really quckly.
76561198104320836,Not Recommended,289130,27715424,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,robert_m_kyle,"I've been playing Civilization for a few years now.  Been looking for another CIV style game.  Thought this was a good possibilitiy.  Part of this review is also a comparision to Civ 5.1)  Battles take too long2)  It's hard to find where your players are at (there is no world map overview, so you have to zoom out and then look for your players, then zoom in)3)  It's a colorful gameKeep in mind i only played for maybe 50 turns a few times to learn the game, and then....4)  My anti-virus program kicked in and disabled the executable file making the game inoperativeI then searched the internet, and found this is actually a ""common problem"", as there are whole websites that talk about how to ""restore"" after the .exe file becomes corrupted/deleted and how to have your antivirial program ignore this file once you have restored it.5)  i've decided this is enough, and I will now petition to get my money back.  This problem is avoidable by the creator, and they have done nothing to correct.  Additionally, the actual program is not sufficient, compared to Civ 5, to warrant continued play, even if there was not a problem.I only paid $9 (on sale) but that doesn't matter.  It's the actual game i'm not happy with , and this recommendation becomes a""DO NOT BUY"""
76561197995145777,Not Recommended,289130,21644103,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DKH,Shallow and dull
76561198042933938,Not Recommended,289130,17887334,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Futurecity100,This game is one of the worst Strat game ive ever ♥♥♥♥ing played.  ♥♥♥♥.This.♥♥♥♥ing.Game.
76561198137121486,Not Recommended,289130,14186993,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,very horny but religious faggot,"I played it for a while, got bored, and now I want my money back."
76561197986571933,Not Recommended,289130,21144528,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lundy42,"while it is very polished and runs well on a technical level, it just doesnt have the hooks that CIV 5 does.  I think for me at least, i need real history or psuedo history to play a 4X game.  If you are in to fantasy  you may like this.  Just wasnt my thing.  I cant suggest it, even with the current sale price. The team did a great job on presentation and the game is pretty, but ultimately just feels flat or shallow...granted I have very little play time.  Only my opinion.  If you are a HUGE 4X (any genre) fan then you will love this game.  I need the real civs to get the one...more....turn....feeling.  Thanks for reading 6/10 Score"
76561198057602409,Not Recommended,289130,13541851,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ArchfiendJ,Don't play Endless Legend if you already played Civ V. It's the same game but slower.
76561198098415321,Not Recommended,289130,18622002,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Something Lost,Endless crashes. Sucky
,Not Recommended,289130,22890296,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,MFStone,"Alot to learn with little reward. Can be fun, sometimes."
76561197985573658,Not Recommended,289130,22970472,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Any which way but Zeus,"nothing special, in fact pretty boring in the realm of strategy games.straight forward run of the mill of every strategy game you have played before.  I highly recommend to not invest in this game."
76561198012622705,Not Recommended,289130,26124430,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,camkiller518,"Game is not working on my iMac. I don't know if this issue is persistant with any other users, but i cannot even get past the title menu to start a new game. If anybody else has the same issue please let the developers know so they can fix the issue. The game itself looked great in all the trailers and reviews online, otherwise."
76561198011035228,Not Recommended,289130,28143490,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jedah,"They ""fixed"" the ""bug"" that achievements could be unlocked with using mods..."
,Not Recommended,289130,29575898,Posted: 29 January,all,Weltall,Balance between faction and AI sucks. Biggest issue is combat is really bad. Pass on this one.
76561198229900104,Recommended,289130,33148379,Posted: 2 July,all,Narai,How long the game is finished in multiplayer!!!
76561197999701350,Not Recommended,289130,21622150,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Beauxy,"I found this game to be very dull and boring. The game looks great, but the actual gameplay is basically Civilization with a hard-to-master combat system. I think it is worth trying for an hour or two because of the refund policy."
,Not Recommended,289130,30292893,Posted: 3 March,all,Mauru,"An interesting variant of the 4x genre in a fantasy setting. Unfortunately it feels a bit like the makers could not really decide if they wanted to pull off a rpg or strategy game which leads to a lot of unrealized potential. The single-player games feel very ""random"" in the sense that its hard to tell if the AI can actually pull off any kind of strategy which was a deal-breaker for me.Bottom-line: I really tried to like this game, but this is not the fantasy civ I was looking for :-(Maybe multplayer is fun?"
,Not Recommended,289130,12152453,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Redhotviking,"I have just about every Iceberg game there is and usually I am enjoying the titles, however this game? Really just was boring for me, I cant really put my finger on it. Could be a time pressure of how many turns you can use and so on. Endless? more like 600 turn time pressure. I didnt feel I could sit back and relax by slowly building up an empire. Now for multiplayer sure you need a time table but for single player an Endless match should be just that endless.Thumbs down Iceberg.... first one I have ever given any of your games. I will rather play Worlds of Magic as an Alpha than a compleat Endless Legend. The mechanics of the game also bugs me, the ""Tactical"" combat is bad as well. In all.... This is the worst game you have made.. seriously. If you are looking for a fun Tactical Civilisation like game, play something else from Iceberg or test Worlds of Magic a spiritual successor of Master of Magic. If that fails, how about playing old classics like Master of Orion 2 or Mater of magic.Hope this helps others to NOT buy the game.Perhaps civilisation fans will enjoy this game."
76561198036415064,Not Recommended,289130,23733257,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,timothystulken,"Overall, the pacing of the game feels off. It starts off too slowly and then, all of a sudden becomes almost entirely unmanageable. I've played other games like this one (Civilization, etc), and in my opinion, this one falls flat as the gameplay is just not nearly as compelling. The one redeeming quality the game has is the quest system it implements. The quests are a really fun way to guide the player through the game, but again, these suffer from the same pacing issues as the rest of the game. In the early game, the quests are fun and manageable, but once you get to the mid/late game, the quests become completely obscured by everything else that is going on. All in all, the game is just not fun enough.That said, maybe I just haven't played it for long enough. Once I figure out all of the intricacies of the tech tree, I might find more enjoyment out of the game, but in my opinion, you are better off sticking with civilization."
76561197974908025,Not Recommended,289130,32055680,Posted: 29 May,all,A Few Manuvers,"99% of this game is great, but the unit movement and combat are terrible. In combat the terrain will often cause one army to only load one unit at a time, which then goes up against 100% of the units in the enemy force making the fight a guaranteed massacre.The even bigger problem though, is the lack of any preview to your units movement.  clicking on a spot will automatically start your unit going there, this cannot be undone, and your unit is very dumb.  Boats will try to cross landmass if there is a port, stopping in the port because they cant go on land instead of sailing around a penninsula with the uncompleted move path clearly tracking across the landmass. I besieged a city once  and had to reload the game 7 times before I got a pull where the unit didnt backtrack into the water when the besiege city order was called.  Then the unit decided to back into the water (opposite direction from the city interestingly enough) on the next turn anyways despite having no move order qued up and after 7 more tries  I gave up besieging.This game is almost identical to the Civilization franchise space game, just get that one and avoid the headache."
76561198116731745,Not Recommended,289130,29037623,Posted: 5 January,all,iryice,"Honest Rating for this game: 5/10Game Mechnism: 6/10,the hero concept is pretty interesting, however the hero experience is largely similar to warcraft. Basic rules exactly same as previous games.Playing Experience: 4/10the ultra-slow paced ""warcraft"", Online games takes way too much time. it is extremely hard to arrange multiple sessions to finish a game. Minor errors largely trashes the game experience.Story and Ideas: 6/10Basically no engagement, all the quests are running and looking at the damn map... Ideas a really weird too, sciences are also confusing.Art: 4/10Awkward fine art style animation, the images really not coherent to the event.Would rather not introduce this to anyone elseGood try though"
76561198016077290,Not Recommended,289130,12161077,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,TLow,Endless Space is way better! Its like Civ4 but not that good at all!I just wait for ES Addon or ES2 lol
76561198008447684,Not Recommended,289130,29426201,Posted: 22 January,all,Darkman,"For the time being I will have to downrate this because:UI is horrible, with button clicks required everywhere.No quicksave/quickload, or CTRL-S (save)/CTRL-L (load).The color scheme is loud and abrasive (and may the gods help you if you're red/green colorblind).(Edit):  I just found that there are three different color palettes from which to choose, one of which is a colorblind palette.(Edit): No HOF.  For me, having this adds tremendously to the replayability as I constantly strive to beat my previous scores.So far game play has been rather slow and it just doesn't have that ""one more turn"" feel to it.  The concept is interesting and I am still going to give it a chance.  In time, I may change my recommendation."
76561198043415389,Not Recommended,289130,12163346,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ulant,Fix hotseat and I will look at this game untill then I bought it in vain!
76561197979155367,Not Recommended,289130,29570017,Posted: 29 January,all,|CFB|Whixx,Worthless on Mac. PC may be a different story. Don't feel like sifting through forums to correct issues. Don't waste money if you have a mac.
,Not Recommended,289130,13574153,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dutch Master,"boring, buggy. it blows"
76561198007832582,Recommended,289130,19260346,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,TrueViiking,"This game is awesome, and also here is my favorite recipe: Crispy Coconut Chicken.Ingredients; 2 egg whites3 cups whole grain cereal (corn flakes or brown rice cereal recommended)1/4 cup shredded sweetened coconut1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into stripsNonstick cooking sprayPreheat oven to 400-degrees F. Coat a baking sheet with nonstick spray and set aside. Place egg whites in a bowl and beat until frothy. Place cereal and coconut in a resealable plastic bag; season with salt and pepper and crush well. Dredge chicken strips in egg white and place a couple at a time into the bag to coat with coconut mixture. Transfer to baking sheet. Bake for 6 to 7 minutes per side, until chicken is cooked through.If you have the time and money for it, put the chicken strips in coconut milk for the night before."
76561198030252588,Not Recommended,289130,12216379,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,boatrace,Awful AI combat tactics.  Spoils the game.
76561198088664676,Not Recommended,289130,12809419,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,girard_peter,This game is a horrible mess of confusion.
76561198044310058,Not Recommended,289130,33503318,Posted: 13 July,all,mrs8002,"What a great game! I was prepared to buy more dlc for this game but....this game its eating the gpu-cpu! Why? For the shiny map? I turned off from the option menu the vsync and the other ones....the same thing. I also played the Civ Beyond Earth, i believe the same year of release, and is so quiet! My specs are :Windows 7 Ultimate 64 bitIntel Core i5 2500k 3.3 Ghz Quad Core12 Gb RAMNvidia GeForce 760Ti CU II Edition 2 GbCorsair 650w"
,Not Recommended,289130,15246819,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Mierda,"i regret buying it, not worth the price tag at all, dont let all of them positive reviews fool you, i really think they are just being fanboys or way too much positive about the game.no its not unique or original or way much more better then civ series, no it isnt anything like HOMM series, just no ♥♥♥♥ no.its a ♥♥♥♥ed up soup where everything is plain and simple, its way too much casual and blank.its overall mediocre, flashing titz wont cut it, there are like 4-5 unit types, some races and some skillsets, upgrades etc crap like that.if you like the genre, get it when the price goes down -$10 , otherwise it sucks balls."
76561198173708301,Not Recommended,289130,17608266,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,walker6040,
,Not Recommended,289130,20945666,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,y u do dis ?,Verry slow paced game
76561198074414128,Not Recommended,289130,29603550,Posted: 31 January,all,bob,"Install thius and it worked once... now it crashes on startup, Mac user so there may be an issue with running virtualdot.netruntime with this game. Install the latest net.dot mac environment with still no joy. Frustrated as this game was a good play when I first installed it and was enjoying it.Note to devs...Seems that this game was never ported to mac correctly, maybe, to save us frustrated Mac users (Windows sucks major ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I will never go back to using a bloatware OS), the game should be fully tested on the plaforms that it is advertised for sale as I can see via the forum that many Mac user have experienced issues."
,Not Recommended,289130,22999448,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Damix,"The game is not worth the price it has currently, the games gets boring and very repetitive, it lacks the innovation, the surprise and the randomness all strategy games need.4/10 scoreI recommend CIV games instead."
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,289130,16111246,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Huggles `,"For all its masterful UI (I've never seen a UI this good for a strategy game, I think), inventiveness and colorfulness, at the core, it's a crap game.The combat system is possibly the poorest I've ever seen.The races are not unique or interesting at all, because it's only upgrades that matter here, and no basic unit has any special advantage, ability or anything that can make it better than another unit which has 1 upgrade level on it.The game itself is annoyingly restrictive..Do not buy."
76561197993083566,Recommended,289130,30944811,Posted: 4 April,all,Scisco,sdfs
76561198025078612,Not Recommended,289130,22041603,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Galen,"Unplayable, crashes continuously"
,Not Recommended,289130,22344900,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Pantsus,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,289130,29142089,Posted: 9 January,all,hairpin,"I was hoping that I would like this game, as I wanted it to be more like the Rome series and NOT like the Civ series. With Civ, I played 8 or so hours in a tutorial and quit. This was not as bad, but still seemingly tedious. When they asked me to give custom names and place gear on my troops prior to creation in the tutorial, I quit. Manual combat was tedious as well, and I did not enjoy it. Disappointing."
76561198031141936,Not Recommended,289130,17850351,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,dadasx,stupid game
,Not Recommended,289130,20146769,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,luminosite,"It's a so stupid game, I was so stupid to buy it! I didn't know I can request a refund at first, so I didn't request it in time, but these days I request refund everyday trying to get rid of this stupid game even though the possibility is so small!The fighting system is mass, you can just give every unit order at the start of every turn. but can't order the unit just before the unit act, so when the field changes after few units act firstly, the field will be totally lost control. Obviously, the designer ignored the play practice just wanted to implemented the software simply! Another example is that the fight will not finish untill all the unit try to act, even if there's no enemies in the field. Maybe software engineers will understand it better, the designer just check the condition of win after a whole turn to simplify the implementation!There're so many other details make me creasy! And it's so stupid game. If you like such kind games(4X, strategy game). I suggest you to play civilization V and warlock. Don't touch this game!"
76561197999844384,Not Recommended,289130,29950904,Posted: 15 February,all,Bigbootie,"For a game with so much contet it is very shallow as far as mechanics go. At first it seems overwhelming with all the stuff, then I realized there is very little to playing and once you get in the groove it is on autopilot to win. Also all the DLC is the normal bait to get you to spend money and is mostly polish without much substance."
,Not Recommended,289130,28242483,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,mitori,"this is a good game. at least for people who enjoy the genre. i came here from civ5 and got lost in everything. ui, technology, etc. for me it's not worth it trying to understand the game. i really liked the combat though. i can't recommend it because i didn't like it and didn't have enough will to learn it. if i did i'd probably like it, but 2 hours of a refund period just isn't enough."
76561198013651225,Not Recommended,289130,12176271,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Rhyfel,This game looks great but I can't get past the menu due to issues with the world builder.
,Recommended,289130,24248140,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Para,Good Game
,Not Recommended,289130,29154717,Posted: 9 January,all,treddy73,"On one hand, this game is absolutely beautiful.  The UI is pretty fantastic.  Overall a very polished visual experience.  Then there's the gameplay ... or lack of it.  I guess I don't understand the logitics of this game yet, but if I haven't figured it out in a couple of hours then something isn't resonating with me to continue playing it.  Many reviewers have spoken to the awesome gameplay, but honestly I have yet to understand why, after over 50 turns in one game, most of these turns are spent just clicking ""next turn"" with nothing much to do.  It is just mostly waiting for things to happen.  Even the weakest unit takes a few turns to build at the start.  The downside of waiting for units to build is it holds up the rest of your prodution queue.  If I want to stare at a beautiful game, I'll pick this up again.  If I want to play a beautiful game, well there's always Rimworld.  :D"
76561198058419347,Not Recommended,289130,29904188,Posted: 13 February,all,Enraged,"After a few maps, the game becomes repetitive. Was trying to do history missions, but they were too lame, and the conclusions are unsatisfactory."
76561198067047439,Not Recommended,289130,12211493,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,sgliosca,"ok.  very confusing at first.  and my options button does not work,  nothing shows up.  I hit esc. or i hit the wrench and hammer and just a blank screen comes up and i have no ability to select any options.  that being said, i cannot quit games, save games, load games, or change any options.  I have to command f out of fullscreen and then X out of the game window.  when i try to restart i need to restart Steam all over again as it says the game is currently playing.   How did i just pay $40 for this?can i get a refund??"
,Not Recommended,289130,22046192,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME. If this game worked, it would be a pretty pathetic attempt at ripping off Civilization and Beyond Earth. It crashes constantly, but OOPS, I waited more than 2 weeks between buying and playing, so no refund. Thanks, Steam!"
,Not Recommended,289130,26090660,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,rotten corpse,Utter f'ucking boring trash. Age of Wonders 3 is better in every way. You f'aggots can kill yourselves.
,Not Recommended,289130,10013449,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Zuqual,"The games are relativly short, ending after 200 turns.  With over 17 hours played I have yet to finish a game as it always crashes at some point.  Would not recomend at this stage of the alpha."
76561198010290215,Not Recommended,289130,15904457,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Ашот Ваншот,"I did not like Endless Space because it looked like a game made by first year Indian college student. Tons of bugs, bad gui design etcSo I read this thread and got convinced by your posts guys and bought this frigging game...GUESS what happened? I have stumbled upon ""World generation bug"" that basically doesn't allow me to launch ANYTHING and this bug WAS NOT fixed from 2014!!!!! They have a goddamn list of over 20 proposed solutions for me to try! They do not even know how to reproduce the bug! I have literally just wasted 20 euro....Completely lost faith in this company and never ever again I buy anything from them.Do not make my mistake guys."
76561198036554932,Not Recommended,289130,18455708,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Nexus-Prista,This game is lame. AIs are terrible and there is no sign from the developers to fix it. I think they emphasize on graphic too much. Also winter in this game makes this game worse.
,Not Recommended,289130,17045541,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Arky,I thought it would be different and I kinda regret my purchase.
,Not Recommended,289130,22315580,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Hidden Phoenix,Broken game: You can't control the units and one unit will block all the other units every other game.
,Not Recommended,289130,26336088,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,templeonthehill,"While a gorgeous and fully realized game, upon booting it up I felt as if I had played it before. I am a huge fan of Civilization and of other management style games as well as tactical combat mechanics, but Endless Legend didn't feel like it provided me with anything new. In part, it plays just like Civilization with a different theme that felt more cumbersome than refreshing."
76561198031672293,Not Recommended,289130,10010403,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Ranger,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YET! It is a lot of fun but it crashes constantly. I'm 12hrs into a standard match and it crashes every 5 mins. Wait a couple of months until it goes on sale again. To frustrating to play.
,Not Recommended,289130,32975511,Posted: 28 June,all,Midknight Battler,"I dont like the scaling system. The more units and buildings i produce and things get more and more expensive. Its stupid. The early units i get in the game becomes more expensive as the more i produce. I feel like i can never build large armies as it takes so long. Resources are hard to get, game gets repetitive very quickly. The screenshots and game description lies, there are no customization, your units always look the same. The items are stupid, they dont change anything, its either one units becomes more defensive or less defensive, it doesnt change their appearance or make them look cooler. Armor pieces just have more hit points and thats about it.Game can be frustrating, as you lose your army, it takes a long time to rebuild, and most of the time just pressing end turn when you can finally recuperate. Healing is also difficult, everytime i have to retreat back to base, i cannot build camps to heal, or take over some fort to heal. There are no extra units like healers and wizards, the game is unneccesarrily slow and they put things in there to delay and make you play more as you wait for so long for things to happen and you have to micromanage and check every small detail before the next turn, and nothing gets build until like the 9 or 15 turn depending on how many workers which dont do anything because if you dont put the max workers into a resource, you dont get much.There is no voice acting, no real hero options, you just hire mercenary like heroes from other races and you cant make your own.This game is very misleading."
,Recommended,289130,24005066,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,kapitalismus,I remember when this game had <1000 ratesNever understood the gameAnd that's my review
,Not Recommended,289130,28695409,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Grovel,"The UI is unintuitive and the loading times are pretty harsh even early on. Other 4x games tend to slow down as empires grow, but this one is extremely slow going from turn #1.Seems like it has potential, but those two factors will prevent me from playing far enough to see if that potential is realized."
76561198100301507,Not Recommended,289130,30012500,Posted: 18 February,all,Gatsu,"Really steep learning curve with a cluttered interface and ridiculous turn counts waiting for your 1 city 10 turns to build a single structure, then another 6 turns waiting for your first unit. Basically was move->end turn -> move -> end turn -> research something with way too much text, and if it's a new building have fun throwing it on the end of your 25+ turn build queue. The game has way too many numbers and resources for everything. The worst part though is the combat system, I can't think of a game that had me auto-resolving after 3 encounters. It's that simplistic/boring.  Waste of money, and I got it at a discount."
76561198055088516,Not Recommended,289130,29376194,Posted: 20 January,all,ChickenMadness,"The artwork and setting is cool.Only problem is the AI is trash and it's♥♥♥♥♥♥easy. They don't do anything, and the foreign relations menu where you can ask for alliances etc. is pretty redundant. You'l never get any of your requests accepted."
76561197972357832,Not Recommended,289130,34909298,Posted: 12 September,all,DMike,"I have to agree with one of the negative reviews below.  I love the concept but the game is so DULL. I played for the 14 hours listed here plus about 24 more on a laptop.  Same result.  I don't like the pre-plan your attack/move concept, it makes me feel like I have no control over my units.  I prefer the ""I move, then you move"" way of doing things.  That may be just a personal preference.  The combat lacks any real sense of tactics and control and the visuals are lifeless.  Usually, you can get away with one or two issues but this game seems to suffer from a lack of luster in all aspects: play, control, visuals, sound... It's not a horrible game, it's just not a good game.  I'd give it a 4 out fo 10."
76561197964986430,Not Recommended,289130,29374241,Posted: 20 January,all,Necro,Imo slightly overrated in the reviews. I lost interest in the game after a few (unfinished) rounds.
76561198035018908,Not Recommended,289130,17323850,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Ventru,"AI is this game only weakness.It's like kryptonite earrings for Supergirl making her weak and dumb. You can easily bang her now, but after a couple of tries where is the challange?"
76561198108349879,Not Recommended,289130,26589060,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,russkiyslayer,"I really like endless space, but this is not the same and is very very boring. I also don't understand strategy games without any campaign. Yawn."
,Not Recommended,289130,26084668,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,WWWebGuru,My system has the recommended resources to play this. Yet by turn 100 it's lags and becomes unplayable. This is essentially Civilization with a twist. Well done though from what I got to play. I will tweak the settings and revise this if it performs better. Otherwise it was a waste of $20.
76561198007375035,Not Recommended,289130,10040673,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,docarchilles,"This is a slow and tedious game, there is not not variance in the ways to win and even with the occassional new quests the monotomy is overbearing. Customization and heros seem to be one sided. Would highly NOT recommend this game.  Playing civiliation 2 is better than this piece of junk. Sorry I really wanted to like it."
,Not Recommended,289130,29503486,Posted: 26 January,all,Vaughan,"I don't know how useful this review will be.This game is like civilization but in a fantasy setting.  It is not for everyone.In other words, if you didn't buy warhammer because you prefer historical total war this game may well not be for you."
76561198076182601,Not Recommended,289130,34136173,Posted: 9 August,all,WeedEZ,Won by science victory without any real conflict with other empires. Feels more like a simulator and less like a challenging game.
76561197992360630,Not Recommended,289130,30065127,Posted: 20 February,all,Threepac,"Boring.Takes ages to build anything.Lots of resources and backstory but none of it interesting.Visually nice, but nothing happens.Avoid!"
,Not Recommended,289130,26449604,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,drevik,I actually enjoyed my first play through single player. There is a lot to learn and once you figure it out then it can be pretty fun.The reason I gave it a downvote is I have friends and this game is friend friendly. There is no allied victory. You can't win together. People have been asking for this for years and they just won't add it. I'll play this game again when alliances actually mean something.
76561198346108125,Not Recommended,289130,33263462,Posted: 4 July,all,choonghuh,I was just confused the whole time
,Recommended,289130,29401578,Posted: 21 January,all,Potato,cause your a♥♥♥♥
76561198004538351,Recommended,289130,19230284,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Buzzerker,"I wish Endless Space was as good as this game because this is the coolest of any game like it I have ever played. I don't have much time in it , just finished the tutorial and I am already very impressed.  The graphics , the interface, the music , it's very similar to Civilization V in format but it ends there, it's sword and sorcery but done creatively and artisitically. Very cool looking game. I'm glad I bought it."
,Recommended,289130,29974328,Posted: 16 February,all,Jankstep,"Unfortunately, I never got to experience this game for myself due to very poor performance. I'm not sure what the issue is with it, I tested a lot of settings and I did not get any results. However, I do know from videos that I would love this game if I were able to play it, and the performance issues I'm experiencing could just be due to incompatibility with something in my setup or whatnot. Technology is weird."
76561197963290277,Not Recommended,289130,29445712,Posted: 23 January,all,Tugquarezhal,Whoever sells DLCs for 13 bucks should be punished to play No Man's Sky for the rest of his life...in singleplayer!No really...my most honest thumb down for a great game but a more than questionable business culture!
76561197989009079,Not Recommended,289130,31811568,Posted: 17 May,all,Rockpilez,"i did invest more then a few hours into this but have to admit of a bit letdown.for details on what is ""not so great?"" go and read the many indepth Steam reviews of Endless Legends.they are largely accurate and point on.the game has some innovative ways to play out a 4x RTS as well with certain similarities with Civ but as you get deeper into the game, it just gets so repetitive with battles, quests and expansion.on sale its entertaining regardless. but not close to Civ imho.the expression of meh by people is kinda how i feel.on sale its a 5/10 otherwise.........."
76561198088473122,Recommended,289130,26411957,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,katanasss,"1. no chinese2. no chinese=the game producer take all chinese for pirates3. which also means they dont respect china4. for example,they got polish but not chinese=we are not as important as even poland5. all and all,this game is the enbodyment of anti-china and racist其实哪有这么夸张，我觉得大家这种节奏带得真的不好。。。hahahamuch too exaggerate,right? as a chinese, i seriously dont think this kind of downvote is going to be good for anybody.but if there is going to be <endless legend 2>, i do hope they can add chinese translation into this game themselves. after all they alreeeeeedy got some less significant languages(lol doont take this too serious)"
76561197993647451,Not Recommended,289130,12089445,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Stuka,"I am a fan of 4x games, most of the time; but I just can't get into Endless Legend.  It has prettier graphics and animations than most.  sound is adequate.  UI is functional.  Gameplay is slow and cumbersome.  Tech tree and research is all over the place and the fact that you need to have researched a number of techs ( regardless of what those techs are ) from one tier to advance into the next tier quite simply makes the entire system a poorly thought out nonsence.  You can easily be researching an advanced tech without first having researched any of it's logical predecessors.  It's like learning how to run and jump before learning how to crawl, complete rubbish.  I should also mention that the combat system is boring which I am sure will be addressed as many have brought it up, not to mention the stupid damage numbers that are around at the moment.  There are better 4x games out there if graphics are not a concern and I just cannot recommend this one.  back to Distant Worlds I guess."
76561198029506035,Not Recommended,289130,23136006,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,fmkopins,Felt more like a chore controlling civ.
76561198028107551,Not Recommended,289130,26704910,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Clown Baby,"Do you really enjoy the Civilizations series but wish it were just a little more teadious and kind of crappy?If you ever think this, you'd love Endless Legend."
76561197995046322,Not Recommended,289130,33811537,Posted: 26 July,all,rob_nancekivell,Great fun the few times I've got to play it. Getting it to run seems to be the problem for me though. As soon as I find a fix for one issue then another makes the game unplayable. Best avoided for casual PC gamers.
,Not Recommended,289130,26717529,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Rotmo Hawk,"I know I'll receive hate for this by purists but I want to play this game with a controller (and can't).It's a beatifully crafted game with a nice soundtrack, and I want to enjoy it leaning back on my couch.The store page says ""partial controller support"", yet there is no indication whatsoever in the game about any controller functionality. I feel lied to."
76561198284094235,Not Recommended,289130,26179069,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,bleyer23,this game is nice BUT1) the AI ceats alot2) multiplayer is very long and you realy cant play it
76561198064421669,Not Recommended,289130,17841289,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ABN SCOUT,Horrible Graphics.
76561198007219968,Not Recommended,289130,10022494,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,[BAKA] IJKR,"Nice menu design, something that would google+ would be proud of. Gameplay rubish mechanics sucks, wish i hadn't spent money on this waste of time, better just play civ (("
76561198251240196,Not Recommended,289130,34827449,Posted: 8 September,all,Ralph,MAC client crashes every hour or so.
76561198013117214,Not Recommended,289130,32003690,Posted: 27 May,all,nicki_san,"Great Game on the grand level, but has the worst combat of any 4x/Strategy game i've ever played. It literally ruins an otherwise great game."
76561198007483429,Not Recommended,289130,29128175,Posted: 8 January,all,daydreamingdavey,This game doesn't look too great and it's intro is horrible. Throws all these pop ups at you and doesn't even prompt on what to do first round. The UI isn't even that polished.
76561198092587583,Not Recommended,289130,12165878,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Chiller,Not fun
,Not Recommended,289130,26068562,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,enterprise1701_d,"The game did not work - first, I had to switch it to 32 bit mode to prevent it from crashing immediately. then it froze on the splash screen. Lots of other Mac users have the same issue, no solution is offered by the developer. Refunded after spending hours searching for a solution."
76561197961310409,Not Recommended,289130,26078842,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Old Man Yoda,"A.I. is poorly implemented.  Balance is non-existent.This game focuses far more on combat and military units than Civ, making it closer to a turn based Warcraft 3 or Starcraft game, which would be alright except that the combat is frustrating.There seems at the surface to be multiple ways to play the game, but it's just a typical Protoss Zealot rush strategy only, no diplomacy, no performing quests, just factories making more units to steam roller your opponent. About as engaging as a German boardgame focused on the economics of WW2, but it's miles away from Hearts of Iron so go play that if that is what you are looking for.In general, Civ is far better in all respects, including combat, which is Civ's worst mechanic."
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,289130,29432455,Posted: 22 January,all,Gorebane,Endless crashing
,Not Recommended,289130,30166900,Posted: 25 February,all,Enian,"I really wanted to like the game, tryed many times, but my eyes hurt to play w/o proper antialiasing, DSR doesnt works either - UI scaling is terrible. And its not alike i'm graphical maniac - i could play easily any 2d game in poor res but i simply cannot play 3d games w/o AA."
76561198057612599,Not Recommended,289130,26089781,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Suthirak_D42,Unpredictable.First game. 2 bankrupt without consume any money.Second game.Calculation:100%hit66DMG <---already killReal0DMGand killed by counter attack4/10 for broken dire
,Not Recommended,289130,29049268,Posted: 5 January,all,Defy.Or.Die,"Click ""End Turn""..."
,Not Recommended,289130,26059734,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,nijotz,"Doesn't launch on a MacBook, crashes immediately.  Checked the forums, tried the 32-bit version even though I have a modern laptop.  Launches but freezes on the title screen.  Their Dungeon of the Endless game is supposed to work on OSX as well, but crashes randomly on my MacBook.  They should've just stuck with Windows if their support was going to be this bad.  The Long Dark, FTL, Shenzhen I/O, Prison Architect, Bastion, RimWorld, Civilization V, Binding of Issac all work on this laptop."
,Not Recommended,289130,32961039,Posted: 28 June,all,II Bhunivelze II,I can't really recommend this game unless you can take hours to learn the system itself. It's way too complex.
76561198033226090,Not Recommended,289130,10095179,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Z!,poor content atm stick with civ!
76561198063065396,Not Recommended,289130,24194002,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Nowhere,"This game is more of a dissapointment than most simply because it is so close to being good.There are many things it does right. The district based city building is fun and influences your city positioning. The custom civ builder is simple but an option rarely seen to completion in other 4x games. Among many other things the game has/had a lot of potential.However, I feel in Endless Legend's rush to be different it abandoned many of the estabalished good things about other 4x titles. The multitude of layered gameplay makes the entire game feel crowded and each turn quickly feels like more of a chore than a few thought provoking choices. The questline mechanics has the game pulling you in directions you very well might not want and the sheer array of victory options makes the end-game more of a race to a specific tile than a strategic finale built on your own play.All in all, Endless Legend provides a whole heap of new or newish mechanics that other 4X games haven't even thought about. But unfortunately they are all tied very loosely together and the game suffers for it. In my experience I have yet to see any of my friends give anything more positive than a 'meh' about this game at best.Regretfully I give this game a 4/10"
76561198167110300,Not Recommended,289130,26165679,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Ser Jamie Lannister,Love civ 5 and have high hopes Endless Legend but just feels clustered and messy tbh.
76561198006313017,Not Recommended,289130,34962195,Posted: 14 September,all,50 Shades Of Pissed,"Fun game until you get ahead of the AI.  Then you get to slave away building bigger and bigger cities.  Fun, but it gets kind of boring..."
,Not Recommended,289130,26059043,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Gamason,"The game has nice grafic and a fairly rich gameplay, but as you control more lands, then micro management takes away the fun. Combat is random and mostly decided by long strings of critical hits or equally long strings of 0 damage hits. Unit control is equally random as you can only set a target and hope the pathfinding does something reasonable intelligent. On top of that combat is slow paced if played out or just numbers if skipped.All in all you need to be a intense fan of the genre to find this remotely interesting. If you are not a fan, then do not go for this."
76561197969703469,Not Recommended,289130,30304751,Posted: 3 March,all,mokono,"Entertaining for one playthrough, but can't really see the replayability value. Didn't do multiplayer though (:"
,Not Recommended,289130,30024422,Posted: 18 February,all,Victorenta,"BoringIf you want to play Civilization in fantasy theme, don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,289130,33331494,Posted: 6 July,all,brutalexplosion17,"It's a great game if you like Civ 5 and the like games.I, however, do not."
,Not Recommended,289130,29439805,Posted: 23 January,all,CRAFT BOI S U C C,"I really wanted to play this game, but not a single fix workes it still continues to crash on startup. Some fixes make it crash faster. Cool :("
76561198322133344,Not Recommended,289130,25433609,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Tyler Durden,"I had great hopes for this game, it looked great and while I still feel I got my $70 out of it, I feel its ""replayability"" is pretty limited.  Overall I'd give it a C-.One little tip I learned (didn't see this posted anywhere):You don't automatically get your enemies' stuff when you take them out, but after you take your enemy's last territory, you can truce them and take ALL their tech in exchange for offering the truce.  For some reason they don't like letting go of resources in this situation, but you can often get a few of those as well.  The beginning of the next turn they're out of the game and (especially on the harder levels) you'll usually jump one or two tech eras due to the sudden influx of technology.Anyway...Pros:1. Nice graphics2. Interesting quests/storylines (the first time)3. Customizable units4. Decent mechanics for exploration, movement, fog-of-war, and city building5. Alternate victory scenarios beyond elimination/supremacy over your opponents (e.g., quest victories)Cons:1.  The AI is terrible.  Winning at any level beyond normal is simply a matter of grinding and surviving to the later stages where you can amass a strong enough force to start rolling over your neighbors, taking 1-2 territories at a time.  Increasing game ""difficulty"" simply boosts the computer-controlled production (to the point of ridiculousness beyond the ""serious"" level).  The AI seems totally unaware/incapable of any strategic movement.  For example, you can surround another empire's capital city with armies and it doesn't even seem to notice, it just waits for you to kill it.  In the games I've played, once you've amassed a decent military the computer-controlled empires didn't attack at all, they just waited to be taken over.2.  Tactical combat is tedious.  The combat area is small, the tactics you can employ are limited, and the initiative-based combat system coupled with the poor AI often leads units to behave inexplicably.  Even on the ""fastest"" setting the turns still aren't terribly fast.  The ""automatic"" combat (especially at the early stages of the game at higher levels of difficulty) can't be trusted, so you're faced with either (1) playing out each of a large number of combats manually or (2) losing units you're replacing at a 1:10 ratio with the competing computer-controlled units.3.  Slow turns and Late-game lag for large maps.  My desktop is 2 years old and had no problem displaying the graphics at the highest level, but the turns still take 10+ seconds to complete at the very early stages.  After 150 turns or so, the game turns into a complete resource hog, and memory and processor utilization goes through the roof to the point where it's almost unplayable (i.e., 60+ second turns).  I can't imagine playing a multiplayer game with a large map.4.  The quests just repeat and there is little or no variety in them.  After you've learned the sequence for a faction quest, you can alter your game play in anticipation of the tasks you know you'll need to fulfill."
76561198000962022,Not Recommended,289130,28182896,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Ben,"Not a bad game, but it's basically an inferior civilization.With a combat system which is an inferior heroes of m&m.And an unit upgrade system which is an inferior alpha centauri.Overall, an inferior game."
76561198034269492,Not Recommended,289130,13753693,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,stanton-,"I only played 18 minutes worth of Endless Legend. However, that was far too much time. I have taken shorter ♥♥♥♥♥ that were less painful. Seriously, stick with Civ5. This game resembles something that was developed for neanderthals. However, if that's what you're into, stick to Candy Crush or Farm Land."
,Not Recommended,289130,29310000,Posted: 16 January,all,all i wanted was a pepsi,The framerate drops and stutters after a number of turns.This has been a yuuuge problem for a looong time.
76561198041338987,Not Recommended,289130,28896616,Posted: 1 January,all,Stef3043,"Game is unplayable. Keeps crashing in tutorial, sometimes on game start up, changing to windowed mode will crash, have to reboot entire mac.too bad cause it looks so exciting."
76561198137252320,Not Recommended,289130,33128627,Posted: 2 July,all,burningyi,没中文差评
76561198091467230,Not Recommended,289130,35015595,Posted: 16 September,all,Yourztru1y,Game would be great if there wasn't so many minor flaws to it. If you wanna build♥♥♥♥♥♥this is your game but the combat system is garbage.
,Not Recommended,289130,22264356,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Cybero,The Game is pretty boring i didnt like it :(To much dlc's and they cost to much money
76561198055211479,Not Recommended,289130,34095501,Posted: 7 August,all,RendedHeart,"Oh my god you would not beleive how boring this is. I'm a huge age of wonders 3 fan so I thought this game looked good. Kinda like a civ age of wonders hybrid. Boy was I wrong. Basically, the idea behind the game is that you have summer turns and winter turns, and the summer turns are normal gameplay, and the winter turns you just stop playing. Like, everything gains 100s of turns worth of production and all you units can only move 1 tile, as opposed to the regular four. So you literally just wait for winter to be over and then you can go back to playing the game. Not to mention whe whole auto fight thing is bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ The combat is garbage on it's own. You can tell your units to move, tell your units to attack, or tell your units to use a buff. That's it. You can't say, go here then attack this guy who has the least health. you have to just tell them to go to a location. Not to mention that all your unit's lose half health is a defending siege for some reason? So I just decided to use the auto battle system. And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is there something wrong with that. The game gives you a fight and says 50/50 chance of each side winning. and you say okay i want all my reinforcements and you hit auto battle. And the enemy wins, okay fair it was a 50/50 shot. And they somehow have not lost a single unit, which is bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ not to mention that for some reason they didn't lose any hp. and I just went??????? and uninstalled. Save your money. Buy Civ V or Age of wonders 3."
,Not Recommended,289130,34339109,Posted: 18 August,all,Target Dummy,"I'd LIKE to play this game, but it keeps crashing and I have no idea why. Apparently, if you're on a Mac, you're just endlessly screwed when it comes to Endless Legend."
76561197970964635,Not Recommended,289130,31883360,Posted: 21 May,all,Gamerzilla,"This is a great 4x game, but a few aspects force me to give it a negative review.  Anyone who plays 4x games knows what makes a great one, so I will simply list the bad parts and let you make up your own mind if you try it.1. The optimisation and performance is pretty terrible.  Even with a good system your turns will start to take longer and longer and longer as you explore more of the map.  This problem is much more prevalent the larger your map size is as well.  After exploring the full map, you will generally have to wait for the game to ""refresh the map"" every.. Single.. TIME.. you move it.  Additionally, the AI turns can take 3 seconds, or they can take 30 seconds depending on how much map is explored and how many opponents you have.2. Winter is coming.  This game has randomized seasons; The standard game, ie summer, and the progressivly worse penalty season known as winter.  You will learn to hate it with a passion, as winters (and summers) have a huge randomness of duration so you could have 6-7 turn summers followed by 15 turns of winter.  Additionally, there is no option to remove winter, and by late game it gets longer than your very short summers, making movement of units, resource gain, production, etc all cut by 50-75%."
76561198079157454,Not Recommended,289130,12150256,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Wing Zero,i thought it was a real a fun game it turned out to be really complicated and really really boring...
,Not Recommended,289130,34877406,Posted: 10 September,all,Winkerz/Hariott,"Fun game but.. Boring :/Everything about the game is interesting;From the Units, Cities, Techs to the Lore, Leaders & designBut again- it's just.. boringYou'll play it for a bit & then remember how much more you can do in Civ5;Then you won't play it again- at least not for a long time& when you do pick it up again (& you will b/c it's an interesting game)-You'll just stop playing it a few hours later again :PIf you're looking for something similar to this& something smaller, more focused as an alternative to Civ5 or HOI4-Go get 'Age of Wonder'It's this game but a bit smaller, more based on the actual turn based combat & it's just as interestingHonestly, if you're coming from Hearts of Iron, Europa Universalis, Stellaris- hell even Endless Space;You're going to be so freakin bored out of your goddamn mind lolIt's sad b/c it's an interesting game but- can't recommend a game that I never have the desire to play anymore :/"
76561198154069849,Not Recommended,289130,35204198,Posted: 25 September,all,Chomiczek Fetor,"Thats pretty fun, but turns to be imbalanced with bad AI - major flaws, its like they were spiting DLC after DLC adding content, but forgot what content is based on; its like money milking got real right there. Also overpriced, just summ up base game and dlc. I can hardly recommend this one, yet it was pretty fun. 6+/10"
76561198128497512,Not Recommended,289130,35314947,Posted: 29 September,all,blue_1975,Not much for a story line.  I really don't like the game.  It seems to be more set up for pvp than single player.
76561198101383289,Not Recommended,289130,24442855,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Curtis,"This is a very rich, complex, and amazing game with a very bad UI and user experience. It's as if someone threw a game of risk down, only 10x more complicated but then didn't explain any of the rules.I guess people give the game a free ride in much the same way Bethesda gets a free ride on all their bugs. The game is just so good that the confusing tooltips and lack of in game information get glossed over.I really want to give this game a positive review, as it's asymmetrical mechanics and sci-fi and d&d and story elements are amazing in a 4x title. However I shouldn't have to fight with your game for 30hrs or have to read online guides just to understand the basics of how to play. I'm still not sure how some things function or what certain tool tips are even talking about. I nearly gave up at one point, called the game broken trash (even wrote a review), and moved on. I'm glad I'm stubborn and pushed through, but a game should never put you in that position to begin with.If you're willing to put in the effort to learn it, the game is rewarding and unique and one of the best 4x games ever. However be prepared for hours of frustration and/or lots of Google searching, forum posting, and guide reading."
76561197972876090,Not Recommended,289130,19286581,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,JagdTiger,"This has to be the WORST game I have ever encountered.  EVER.Although I can see a LOT of work and love went into this game, it has to be the most difficult and painfully boring game I have tried in 30 years.  I just can't believe some of the positive comments here.!The interface is a MESS of confusion and the combat system is just GOD AWEFULL and boring as well.If you like this game more power to  you and good for you.  I just have to say that I HATE the ""Dust"" idea.  I should have known better because I wasted $$$ on ""Endless Space"" which is almost as boring.  I tried this game when I first bought it and uninstalled it within a few game turns in the tutorial.  I went back to it because I had forgotten ""WHY"" I hated it and found out quick.  It's so bad and NOT FUN that I could not even complete the tutorial.It reminds me of CIV 5 but with  an extremely complicated interface and game engine, and as I said, BORING.   I wish I could get a refund but can't.  YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!"
,Not Recommended,289130,35000781,Posted: 16 September,all,mokus5679,"Well, if you like Civilization then you would like Endless Legend too. The artwork is fantastic. Factions are unbalanced so the game doesn't offer much playability. Battle system is just ok. I think that is it."
,Not Recommended,289130,24346824,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,jono,"I really like some of the ideas, and the gameplay is incredibly customizable due to the myriad of different playstyles available. You can even create custom factions with particular attributes! This made the first few playthroughs very fun, since there was a lot to learn and figure out. The honeymoon phase of all 4x :)Unfortunately, execution was poor on a few key points which makes multiplayer pretty ""meh"". First of all, and most importantly, defenders advantage is almost non existent. Whoever attacks first with a tech advantage pretty much wins -- even if the overall strength of the aggressor is only 15-20% greater than the defender. This means that all aggression is simultaneously 1) almost guaranteed to work if executed sensibly 2) leaves you extremely vulnerable to getting counter-conquered by your neighbor. This effect is much worse if multiple people attack at once. I'm not complaining that you lose a 1v2...but it does bother me how quick + early it can happen and how little the aggressors lose.Additionally, you can get utterly screwed by a bad starting location. Worse than Tundra. So, in practice, the best way to play multiplayer is to be very aggressive and try to capture things faster than it gets captured back.The AI is nothing special, which would be fine if MP was good (but it's not). So, I can only recommend this game if you catch it on sale and really enjoy the learning phase of 4x."
76561198145823291,Not Recommended,289130,34940805,Posted: 13 September,all,start//end,"I would give this game a positive review, but after first game it just says it won't load the map, Otherwise, it's a fantastic game and probably would be the #1 game I reccomend."
76561198268616636,Not Recommended,289130,23723179,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,lelo222222,"Generally, the game is a OK strategy game, with nice graphics and kind of interesting premise.Unfortunately the combat system is crap that needs to be redone in something (anything) else. The espionage system introduced later on the DLC is absolute horrid. The tech system used in the game is long and complex that requires lot of patience to go through."
76561198037422377,Recommended,289130,23991676,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Noahqshark,it's a pretty good game
76561197995462940,Not Recommended,289130,24215840,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,arsadusan,This is a good game. It is complex enough and enjoyable. But I have to note a technical problem with Endless Legend. It is way too slow. Later in the game it may take too long for a turn to end. Luckily Alt+Tab works well so you can write a review of the game and continue to play the next turn. The same goes for a combat in manual mode. Animations are painfully slow. With a multithread patch this could be a great game.
,Not Recommended,289130,26068229,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Google_Brox,"I'm amazed at the amount of positive reviews for this game. It is clunky and boring.Pros:It looks goodDecent (background) musicCons:Combat is boring and stale -After 10 fights you'll just want to auto complete from then on, it is clunky and counterintuitive;Full of bugs -At around turn 100 on large maps the game stutters every half a second or so making it unplayableQuests will often not complete;Any attempt to find a solution usually results in finding a forum from 2015 where a dev says to send the details and nothing is ever heard again.Empire management is linear and frankly annoying:It is clunky but all it consists of is ""build x building for more Y at the cost of Z"" - over and overDiplomacy is virtually non-existent:Every now and then an AI will warn you about something but it feels less like diplomacy and more like some annoying popup. To ally is the same process....send compliment...send peace treaty (with bribe).....propose alliance (with bribe) and done.Honestly I bought this game and the expansions for $20 USD on sale and wouldn't even recommend getting it then.Seemed like a good game, but a lot of wasted potential"
76561198081783249,Not Recommended,289130,29533466,Posted: 27 January,all,ccflash,"This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks!!! Look I got the game because it was on Sale on steam. I have civ 4 and Crusader kings and i have spend probably 1000 hours on these two game combined. So why should i buy another 4x game right? Oh bTw i bought civ beyond earh because why the ♥♥♥♥ not right.. (not as good as civ 4 but besides the point) So whatever Endless legend with all the dlc for 80% off why not lets give it a try i only spend 12 bucks right. OMFG WHY DID I WASTE MY MONEY! I have logged 18 grullingg hours on this game. I am playing the ♥♥♥♥ing thing on normal dificulty and I know you there are tons of  hard core gamers that can troll me and say  "" you just dont know wtf ur doing""... Ur probably right but seriously why make a game so ♥♥♥♥ing hard to play. I went on youtube to find out tips and tricks (because the tutorial sucks) to learn about how to play this shity game. Turns out ur boroughs can level up if they have 4 tiles constructed adjacent.. if you didnt know this your ♥♥♥♥ing cities revolt (good luck)... thanx for letting us know, oh and you need a specific tier 2 upgrade to make roads that can give you extra cash (trade routes) that is badly needed. if you play this and dont know to research this♥♥♥♥♥♥good luck ull be♥♥♥♥♥♥poor and wont be able to construct anything. OH yeah and if you dont plan for winter your ♥♥♥♥ed.. every winter gets worse and worse till the point ur playing 20+ ♥♥♥♥ing turns in winter.. oh and on normal by turn 250 you lose!! The AI wins by some score victory for wtv ♥♥♥♥ing reason... i never even got attacked for christ sake.. spent 3 hours building♥♥♥♥♥♥and expanding to 5 provinces and just finally had enough cash to build a ♥♥♥♥ing army and blam game over you lose... like wtf seriously?????"
76561198005763091,Not Recommended,289130,32752978,Posted: 24 June,all,ottothemad,"I have Endless Legends and Endless Space, Endless Legends is a BROKEN GAME. Do not buy!!!! There is a bug with Army Movement, so if you want a nice long game, kiss that goodbye, because you'll be rolling back to previous saves to try and keep it together. But you won't. You'll eventually want to soak your eyeballs in bleach and watch old Sienfeld episodes. Buyer beware."
76561198007043786,Not Recommended,289130,34534146,Posted: 27 August,all,xXWillPlayXx,The game has an awful bug that prevents me from moving my units and from building a capitol. It is unplayable right out of the gate and a large disappointment. The only way I can actually play is only in the tutorial and thats it.
76561197975976736,Not Recommended,289130,29387212,Posted: 20 January,all,spammeplz,"The turns take 10 seconds or so to process. This wouldn't be a problem, if I was on turn 300 of a long game . . . when I am generally going to be taking more time to complete each turn. But, that's 10 seconds for each turn from the very beginning. You know when you're done with your turn in about as many seconds. Which makes the start of the game feel like it's taking Forever. Sure, a game of civilization may take ""forever"" to complete, but at leas those first few turns don't feel like a chore.The atmosphere is great, but I couldn't really get into the game with the horrendous wait time. Maybe, it's possible for them to fix this? I'm guessing it would take a fair bit of work at this point, if they even care to fix it. Otherwise, I had fun playing."
76561198054519435,Not Recommended,289130,23614282,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,drdouglasdark,I'll admit that I never even got to the end of the tutaorial!Some of the icons are odd and it makes for difficult navigation and i'll be honest I had to go online to get tips on what I had to do in the tutorial!Which says it all!Avoid unless you like being frustrated!
,Not Recommended,289130,26097660,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Cobalt,"One of the most agrivating, boring, unfun games I have played. Nothing makes sense, wandering ""minor faction"" armies can instantly destory your military, and the aesthetics give me a migrane. Maybe I just don't get it, but games like Civ are a lot more intuitive and fun for me. A lot of my friends hate Civ and love this, so it must be a point of personal taste. That being said, unless you want to spend most of the game hitting ""next turn"" pass on this game."
76561198045591553,Not Recommended,289130,25872591,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Ryan,"I thought I would love this game, I have rarely come across a 4X game I have not enjoyed  but it just never clicks for me.Game feels like it tries to make a 4X by numbers and fails at everything. Exploring not a patch on Civ and fails to have the same sense of wonder that Civ does at the start, Combat is the worst and most boring I have ever come across again not a patch on AOE or the Fallen Enchantress series. Building new cities seems like hard work and your never invested in them the same as you are in other games.All in all it just is not as good as the competition."
76561198043840880,Not Recommended,289130,31369446,Posted: 25 April,all,Bipolar Fish,"The endless series could be so good. Where every other 4x game goes wrong, they go right. However, this series suffers from an incredibly large amount of terrible design decisions and RNG based exploring that completely undermines every other facet of the game."
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,289130,29947114,Posted: 15 February,all,Redeemed,"The preview implies there is a great story - there is not.Boring, unintuitive and the worst part, the combat is just plain stupid and lacks any sort of strategy."
76561197977292606,Not Recommended,289130,25429052,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MainDroite,"Tedious and clunky. From a huge Civ fan. I just didn't feel like pressing ""next turn"" to face the hundreds of decisions imposed upon me by the layers after layers of stacked mechanics with no single common thread to unite them. It is not my aim to dissuade anyone from buying this game. Let this review serve as a warning. Watch Let's Play videos, get informed and wait for a Steam sale before buying."
76561198091307138,Not Recommended,289130,25870156,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Huon,"There are some neat innovations to 4x in here, like exciting combat and an instantaneous global marketplace.However, this game seems to assume that the player is familiar with the genre, even though the gameplay and ui differences were enough to get undermyskin, at least.The game touts this atmosphere of ""Oh, brave new world with such possibilities in it,"" but after a few games, all the races act predictably and you get the impression that the developers are a littletoopleased with their franchise-spanning lore, which gets shoved in your face quite a lot."
76561197964025810,Not Recommended,289130,25875686,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Boraean,"Can't recommend this.  Very slow game with long periods of nothing but hitting end turn button.Random missions can be problomatic to planned strategies, such as being told to occupy a city that belongs to an ally.  Also had story mission to enhance a hero a certain way and the ones I had were already level 10 and would take forever to adjust.Oceans are a big problem as well as missions will require you to go to a certain province on a different continent/island and you won't have the research yet to sail.Some people prefer this to Civ 5 - I'm not one of them."
,Not Recommended,289130,26009096,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,College Struggle Pikachu,"This game seems like a bunch of fun, but just like so many other 4x games, the game teaches you nothing. The tutorial doesn't show you how so many of the games mechanics work. I can't understand how to play some of the more intricate factions, and I can see the potential of of Endless Legend. Its a shame that the game is too dense to break into."
76561198052633453,Not Recommended,289130,25397658,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,the.waves.of.time,"Hmmm,I gave it a go being a bit uncertain what to expect.I started one game to give it a test try and the game is not bad. Nice graphics, some history and lore to each race, have atmosphere and a bit from heroes 3 and civilization but…I started a second game to find out that it does not really make me tick. It is hard to say why I just pressed uninstall but I can list few things I did not like:-	Technology tree – very incomprehensible-	Heroes’ skills and levelling up feels meaningless-	heroes, settlers, fighters they all seem like a lifeless puppet, nothing really appealing or unique about them.  It is maybe because I am used to voiced units in games like this with a  bit of humour-	Fighting system – boring, really slow and you do not feel like you were in control of things-	Gameplay itself feels is very slow somehow too… Do not get me wrong I love civilization  and though a lot of people would say civ is slow too, for me it is vivid and full of life to compare to this one.-	I was bored playing it from beginningWhat I did like:-	Music-	Pretty graphics-	Cross between fantasy and civ gameI would really like to give it another go but I cannot be bothered to. I would recommend it for  CIV/Heroes fans if it is on a massive sale something like for few quid. I paid 14 and I definitely lost my money."
76561198037844773,Not Recommended,289130,26066156,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,looserette,"Bought this game in sale, based on the positive reviews.In short: I'm very disappointed.The combat parts are boring, too slow and uselessThe management of cities is slow, boring and there are almost no choices to make.I could go on and on.Also: the lack of a single player campaign is sad."
76561198278361015,Not Recommended,289130,25260641,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,adavidov,"Beautiful game.  Great music. Combat is not well pollished, ok for 1 play through, but it wasn't my cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,289130,29395312,Posted: 21 January,all,Dhoffryn,"Does not work on OSX.First problem was it does not launch if you have a dual monitor setup. Easy fix unplug one monitor. Annoying, but workable.Second problem is it crashes immediatly when you try to play a game. When I try to launch the tutorial I get the error message game creation has failed.After looking around on the forums, it seems the game keeps crashing for Mac users, if not immediatly it will after some time.This game should be a PC only game."
76561198145434818,Not Recommended,289130,15337449,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Sefirot,screw this game when i try to play it it says i have to put a password that is not the one key code it gives you and its one of the computer but i don't even know whats this password!!
76561198064812814,Not Recommended,289130,25926514,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Spookie Kabookie,Well new dlc releases next week looked awesome with idea of sea forts read about it you cant build them yourselves they are preset for you to capture -_- wtf couldve had something really awesome with building a city in the sea rework the dlc and make it happen! I was so excited now im dissapointed :/
,Not Recommended,289130,28574649,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sterconium,"Too complex to be enjoyableThis game is excessively complicated and slow. The tutorial lasts 30 minutes and it's a ""read and click"" (without real choises). Even though, you still have to spend a lot of time (maybe even hours!) to fully understand the basic mechanics.Steam does not refound if you play it more than two hours. Ain't nobody get time for that.Seriously, if most games give you an overview in 120 minutes I think a player would need X4 that time to learn this one.Get it? ""four times""? 'Cause is a X4 game?Nevermind.No single player campaignAnother element that really disappointed me is the lack of a campaign or a story in general.The game tricked me to think it was a story-rich game with its charming opening cutscenes and with an -I got to say- amazing plot connection with Dungeon of the Endless (that is totally a different game by the same studio! I loved that game).So it's just custom games. It may work for a permakill roguelike, but for a strategic? What would be the point and the challenge in replaying after you beat a map for the first time?Boring and linear fightsI know that I didn't had the time to see it all, but all the fights I did where hyper-linear. There was no actual need for a human being to input orders since units would do (and must do) the same elementary action. Slowly. Really slowly.The game gives you chance to let the AI play fights, but I think this may be something to do in ultra-late game, when you are too sure to win and too bored to manage a flowless fight, not something you need to do in your first battle while you have all your hormons pumping for blood!I acknowledge that maybe developers didn't want to focus the gameplay on combats as the only and mainstream options, but that was not even trying!To get back with slow gameplay: let me just say that you, in normal conditions, need to wait like twenty turn to produce a single. Basic. Unit.Twenty turns for one who had to learn the game could mean almost one hour.One hour to get the first useless extension to your army. Not even ...Clash of Clans dared that much.ConclusionsSo. I'm really sorry to down rate this game and to ask refound, but there is no way that I can start enjoying this in less than two hours. I really rater to spend that money in another title on sale."
76561198091925577,Not Recommended,289130,31365341,Posted: 25 April,all,Reaper,"Basically there is only one real premise to this game: Do not attempt to win through conquest as the AI doesn't care and doesn't even fight back. Yes they defend their cities and themselves but they never mount an offensive nor do they attempt to sack your cities. And that one AI you chose not to fight? He won the game because the other AI can't declare war. Just sat over there researching and researching until he one via one of the other win thresholds. This game, to me, is Civ minus war. I like the game, but it just isn't for me."
,Not Recommended,289130,25236703,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Screamingiraffe,"Played it a bit, and couldn't really get into it. That art style is impressive, but I believe that for the premium you have to pay to get this game, you're not rewarded with the expected level of polish the game should have. It's not on par with games like SOTS, Civ V, ect.. but priced as such.tl;dr - overpriced, looks good, somewhat boring for a 4x strat"
76561198254087763,Not Recommended,289130,26406159,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,vanlarenathan,Just buy Civ
76561198163701438,Not Recommended,289130,30279558,Posted: 2 March,all,Giratina,"fxck that, the language of Chinese has gone, again! leaving a pack of messy code"
76561198090397967,Not Recommended,289130,23743592,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Yokata,"It's clearly that playing a non-mother language 4X game is diffcult for a player,even this player has a poor foundation of this language.So,I can not understand why the AMPLITUDE Studios banned the mod of Chinese language and the author of this mod from whole community.They refused to give any of technique support,which is important for translating a Unity game,and blamed mod maker giving his translation to some private siteswithout any deeper investigation.In fact,this maker made a clear announcement about never giving translation to private games on the subtitle of his mod,at a Chinese forum website,and he obeyed this rule.All in all,here is your negetive feedback."
,Not Recommended,289130,25552969,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,gergi,"A few interesting game mechanics but, like most games of the Endless series, there just isn't much depth to the game itself. Pretty but boring."
76561198350141988,Not Recommended,289130,31900373,Posted: 22 May,all,Mumahja,Don't purchase without watching full gameplay videos. It's decent but not what I completely expected and I'm now hoping I can get a return
76561197970543336,Not Recommended,289130,31286178,Posted: 21 April,all,riffraffbri,"Didn't really get this game. It all seemed so random, and didn't make much sense. It certainly wasn't a Civ game, though I guess it wasn't trying to be.A lot of people like this game, so maybe it was me and not the game?IDK, get it on sale and you won't be kicking yourself for spending too much money on it."
,Not Recommended,289130,24134115,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,cleanfun,"I'd compare this game to a hot girlfriend that you don't hate, but she never puts out and you don't particularly enjoy her company either. You frequently find yourself wanting to call her, but you know she's a dud. In spite of it all, you hesitate to scratch her name and number out because something about her suggests a certain promise, she just never makes good on it. Maybe if we got her high on something she would start to laugh and have fun?"
,Recommended,289130,31309426,Posted: 22 April,all,Moxyze,"Meh. Barely touched this game yet.But well, I'm just reviewing all my games.Heads/Tails decided it would be a Recommend."
,Not Recommended,289130,26082024,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ratham,Game pink screens upon launch. Refunded
76561197982705800,Not Recommended,289130,26127419,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Destromo,Booooooooooooooring
76561197987414906,Not Recommended,289130,25380480,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,theguyB,"Cool Game, but gets boring and repetitive way too fast.Too few Units per Faction, while you can take troops from other factions that does often not feel like ""in lore"""
,Not Recommended,289130,23081254,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,badnesso,Oops wasted my money again.
,Not Recommended,289130,24230851,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Newrob70,"I really anted to like this game, but I found it painfully slow. This is likely a combination of: a) mechanics that force the player to be very cautious and limit exploration until you build more and stronger troops, which take many turns; and b) graphics requirements that bring my modest mac to its knees. I don't need or want extensive 3D graphics when I'm playing a strategy game. Even played on the lowest settings, this game is painful on my four year old system. Civ 5 never bogged my computer down until the late stage with too many units to account for. Maybe I'm just more of a Dwarf Fortress guy, but I'll take strategy and gameplay over bells and whistles any day."
,Not Recommended,289130,31215691,Posted: 18 April,all,neanderthal,"I spent my first two hours trying to absorb the controls and layouts, doing the tutorial but just wasn't the game for me. Game didn't interest me at all... I will try again sometime, but meh."
76561197987064608,Not Recommended,289130,34208444,Posted: 13 August,all,Durgy,My friends won't play this with me.Sad.
76561198020728468,Not Recommended,289130,26021696,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Gerard,"Endless Space 2 came out recently. Don't know if you've heard.I'm not saying they should release more stuff for Endless Legend for free, or even more paid DLC. Obviously the company needs to make money, so they're releasing a new thing and it's a new thing and it's all great.Yet I remain unconvinced. The Warhammer game convinced me, even though it wasn't necessarily a better game or gave me better stuff to play with. It wasn't a better price/quality ratio either, 7,50 is a great price. Maybe it's just bias. Yet I can't summon the energy to get hyped over this thing. There's just not enough meat to it. Even Eador has me coming back, where Endless Legend offers nothing new to discover.5/10: Not good enough."
76561198121911531,Not Recommended,289130,34725992,Posted: 3 September,all,BarkingDog,"我听说了这款游戏。游戏界的奇葩。这款游戏做出来的时候没有官方中文，不过这不是问题。问题在于，民间有翻译团队，主动帮游戏制作人给翻译了，并且出了官方中文的MOD，供其他人免费试用。然后游戏制作人把MOD给直接封杀了。傻逼中的战斗机。I heard about this game. This game doesn't support Simplified Chinese --- which is okay, as long as it is good enough, i wouldn't give a bad feedback. The thing is, some other guys translated the whole game, and provided the simplified Chinese language MOD withough asking for even one penny. It is totally free. The game maker banned the MOD.Now great, I don't wanna play this game anymore."
,Not Recommended,289130,34854320,Posted: 9 September,all,Hercules Mulligan,I am in DEEP PAIN and this game is causing it
,Not Recommended,289130,22293438,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Dat Boi,Game has a wonderful feature where it goes on sale for -66% the day after you purchase it.
,Not Recommended,289130,23361685,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,swiftyy,"Despite the hype, the fans and my lack of hours I don't like this game. When I played Civ for the first time I knew I would like it but with this its weird, I HATE the art style and honestly its confusing.Oh yeah, to those who say ""THIS SHOULD BE CIV 6!!11!!""please ♥♥♥♥ off."
76561197993407943,Not Recommended,289130,25391108,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"This game, like Amplitude's Dungeon of the Endless, is like a piece of delicious candy wrapped in barbed wire in the sense that it would be delicious if not for the nasty obstacle surrounding it.The world is gorgeous, the races fun and unique, and there's plenty to do. However, like the aforementioned DotE, the game is plagued with game-breaking lack of polish, including vaguely defined game paremeters, skills that work when they want (and only when they want), and an apparent ability to make my entire system shut off (this doesn't happen with any other game).It sucks that they made a game with such promise but didn't bother to make it playable."
76561197984035138,Not Recommended,289130,31100491,Posted: 12 April,all,Quantum Detective,"So far I don't know what I'm doing. This game is sooo slow and horribly complex.It takes way to much time to learn about all the stuff the several prompts are showing.Several Quests and factions that I lose track of. I still don't know what a faction really is.Too much unexplained information.Too much Icons and stuff going on on the map (I mean thats cool, but I don't know what everything means and the only info you get is + and - icons of I don't know what)Combat is too stupid and slow. A very annoying feature but I'm glad you can just click on auto. Also very annoying you can't center the combat when the combat popup appears. You know you are in combat but don't know where.You research stuff and build things, but you don't really get any feedback about it. Like a noticeable change in what you are doing.UI is to small on a 1440 screenGraphics and design is very nice. The overall concept of the game is also very interesting.Its a shame I don't have the patience or time to try to play this game. I just wanna play, not having to research how to play. (The Tutorial gave me even more questions than answers)Give it a try if you like strategy games and are willing to spend a lot of time on learning.I might try to learn to play again when I have time, but Trying to play a game is more like a job to do, rather than enjoying it."
76561198139374230,Not Recommended,289130,32644302,Posted: 22 June,all,ckapasakis,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!! you get 2 turns of summer where you can actually do something productive then 20 turns of winter where you cant do anything!!!! its pathetic! no !@#% balance. ITS A JOKE.until the producers fix it with a patch DO NOT BUY IT!
76561198206881571,Not Recommended,289130,22923421,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Kiss_me_noob,dont
76561198081293616,Not Recommended,289130,30576563,Posted: 17 March,all,rozzernator,BUGGY SO DAMN BUGGY
76561198032006515,Not Recommended,289130,26123173,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Lone Wolph,Horrible.
,Not Recommended,289130,30662870,Posted: 21 March,all,DieselKitten,Extremely complitcated game that is near impossible to learn without someone who has played it before. Luckily the tutorial shows you how to zoom in and out of the map.
76561197981441664,Not Recommended,289130,34629613,Posted: 31 August,all,VERIFIED ALT RIGHT,"Total war, without the war, and not even total."
76561198064839993,Not Recommended,289130,33649274,Posted: 19 July,all,wyvern691,It's a civ clone.  You're better off just playing civ.
76561197993583826,Not Recommended,289130,24218046,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,trooper404,"Boring, next turn syndrome snoozer.It's often compared to Civilization, rated by some as superior game.Civilization was made from the grund to be fun. Every aspect was done to make the game enjoyable.Endless Legends however, seems to have every aspect of the game to be just different than Civilization.Complexity of the game is not greater than in Civilization, in contrary to floating voices.There is no worker unit that enhances your land and keeps you constantly busy, there are no social policies. The game lacks components from Civilization and doesn't offer much of alternatives.The widly praised graphical view of the game is just as overrated as the other features. The game has great looking menu, which is the reason for the graphical appraisal. The game itself however doesn't look anywhere near as that.The graphics in the game are just average, nothing special. The view of the land makes the game actually annoying. You cant see both of your cities and armies. If you click on cities, you can't see armies, when you click on armies, the cities magically disappear. It gets annoying rather quick, especially when it is hard to find your armies on the map if they're not selected.Civilization, on the other hand, has nice and clear view of your empire. Everything is well presented and easily seen.There's little to do other than researching your technology. Most of the game is just clicking next button."
76561198013132245,Not Recommended,289130,24483676,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,huminado,"Sterile.It doesn't help that the UI is nonintuitive.  But both Endless Legend and Endless Space have the most dry, unflourished UI artwork in existence.  It's a matter of personal taste, but this game exemplifies to me what a huge impact really warm nice artwork has in the UI, which this game is completely devoid of."
76561198012833532,Not Recommended,289130,25843035,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"I have the same problem with Legend as I had in Space, this game should totally be for me, I see a lot of potential in it, it is so much fun at times, but something always gets screwed and I get totally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by AI. Maybe I am just so bad at it. It finally has a little bit of tutorial, but even with that and help with dozens video and written guides my virtual ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gets torn apart by Broken Lords. If you are hardcore 4X fan you would love it, but for me, nah, if you are average to casual player, you might want to reconsider buying it."
,Not Recommended,289130,23844681,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ensomoto,"Looks great, and as other reviewers stated, it's a game you really want to like.  But it's just so tedious and slow; I'd much rather play Civ."
76561198015337953,Not Recommended,289130,30908261,Posted: 2 April,all,Illjana,"Seems like a decent game, but crashes every hour or so, at least on a mac book pro.  One type of crash seems related to switching between the integrated and discrete graphics cards: sometimes when it crashes, the program can't restart until you reboot. Installing a program to force use of the discrete graphics helps with this particular crash,  but even with the forced graphics card selection the program still crashes regularly.  I'm willing to believe the first problem is due to the graphics library/mac porting library they're using, but the problem has been discussed in the forums for several years now -- the devs should come up with a work-around or fix the emulation library themselves. Likewise the other type of crash has existed for years. Instead of releasing new ""skins"", updates, and DLC, I with the devs would focus on fixing the bugs."
,Not Recommended,289130,33673304,Posted: 20 July,all,咖喱肉酱包,We need Chinese!We need Chinese!We need Chinese!YOU MOUTHER ♥♥♥♥ER!!!
,Not Recommended,289130,25660145,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,calli,"I know there is an issue with the mac usage of this game but it really needs to be fixes for it to be considered a mac and pc game, other then that i did manage to get like 150 turn game in with it only crashing a couple of time and it does seem like a fun game."
,Not Recommended,289130,26369268,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TPlaricBlaST,it sucks.
76561198043053126,Not Recommended,289130,31691216,Posted: 11 May,all,mjuodvalkis,"Enemies enter your territory to attack you. You don't get a notification. They are just about impossible to see on the map. Even when I move the screen around my borders looking; Every. Single. Turn. Armies still appear at my cities that I didn't see and attack me. NOT fun.If you are making a game and giggle to yourself and say ""people are going to HATE this. This breaks the game and makes it no fun. Wow, people are just going to delete this and not play it""! Then you should reconsider your career and do something else with your life."
76561197996709825,Not Recommended,289130,28592520,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,waaaaag,"the game is your generic turn based game, not bad not amazing either but what really grinds my gears is that I meet my brother once per year on christmas and we want to play game like civilization or good old heroes so I use up my phone data to download this one for us to play on couch...guess what...you can't.I would have automatically expected of every such game to support this but this game fails at this and makes me extremely dissatisfied."
76561198096797670,Not Recommended,289130,23780748,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,WantedBigBoss,纯粹是看着类文明5才买的游戏，毕竟BGM和画风都是喜欢的类型，没有中文我们自己汉化自己上传的创意工坊，并且不断安利周围人放弃盗版体验正版，结果就是这么对待中文玩家的？一个乌克兰人的无稽之谈就奉为圣旨？脑子呢？不了解事情的缘由胡乱封禁。这件事没有公道的处理之前，别指望我们再购买你的一切游戏了，就当我之前买你们的大包是喂狗了。http://steamcn.com/t198688-1-1
76561198057750046,Not Recommended,289130,28761841,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Iron Giant,It's worse than Civ V complete. Just like Civ VI this game is struggling with overcolorfull graphics and you can't see anything. Game has some good ideas but overall i demanded a refund.
76561198051367743,Not Recommended,289130,29411718,Posted: 21 January,all,Alpha Omega,"I am running on Mac Pro and this game doesn't run.  It crashes  at the beginning.  What a garbage.  I also tried beta option to run on 32 bit mode and now it has no sound (""sound cannot initialize"")."
76561198123616100,Not Recommended,289130,30566428,Posted: 17 March,all,Jason S,"I given you money, so you shuold give chinese!"
,Not Recommended,289130,29340727,Posted: 18 January,all,NaturaWolf,NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object--------------------------------------------------------------------------------PlayerControllerRepository.SetActivePlayerController (.PlayerController playerController)GameClientState_GameLaunched.Begin (System.Object[] parameters)Amplitude.Unity.Framework.FiniteStateMachine.Update ()GameInterface.Update ()Session.Update ()Amplitude.Unity.Session.SessionManager.LateUpdate ()--------------------------------------------------------------------------------V1.5.7 S3  (64-bit)
,Not Recommended,289130,24226906,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,UncleYar,"Amplitude got acquired by Sega... SO looking forward to Endless Space 2 with Denuvo DRM, just like Total War: Warhammer. Wooo! Third-party online activation and defective offline mode!Sure, the game is fine. Even though the UI has an unprofessional feeling and can be too small depending on resolution.But mainly leaving this review here to warn people in case, like I did when I purchased, they think they're encouraging one of the darlings of the Indie world... that time is sadly over."
76561198027863945,Not Recommended,289130,26082525,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,maye,just go play civ 5
,Not Recommended,289130,29399362,Posted: 21 January,all,Shogi Dude,"Doesn't work on my new iMac. After tons of troubleshooting, I finally got it to play without sound, but never got the sound working, even with the newest updates."
,Not Recommended,289130,25889686,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Reg,"Since the Chinese Mod has been killed, I couldn't play this game any more.------ps.1-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Because of the chaos, I had have to make lots of words tables. And check these tables in one turn over and over again.... The hurt from pirate players to developer shouldn't let the genuine players to pay.------ps.2-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I want make a new Chinese mod to change this chaos scenari...."
,Not Recommended,289130,23946763,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,shangshanggg,"I will not buy any game from this developers. The irreverence from this company to game enthusiasts which I can not stand any more. Just ask, why you banned the chinese language mod which a chinese game fan made by himself for  half month and never provide any reason ?"
76561198037886415,Not Recommended,289130,30001340,Posted: 17 February,all,The_Feet,Still not liking it... i keep trying to get into it but it just doesn't do it for me.
,Not Recommended,289130,34779509,Posted: 6 September,all,Hellspawn79,"wierd, just wierd. Play civ or something instead that looks way better"
,Not Recommended,289130,23957904,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Duncoup,Very low replayability compared to competitors (civV)
76561198104548843,Not Recommended,289130,25071712,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Wei Jim,"I am not a master in English, I played fine with Chinese localization mod for few months offline. Today I opened my Steam and update all as usual. ****, Where is my Chinese localizing mod? I just needed a few mins on searching in my e-dictionary few days ago but now I have to spend a few hours every time a long text shows up. You ruined my experience so I have to say no recommend."
,Not Recommended,289130,24014018,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cousin Avi,Sooooooooooo slow jesus
76561198324618467,Not Recommended,289130,30889979,Posted: 1 April,all,TATQAQTAT,"good game, sh*t company"
76561198072017110,Not Recommended,289130,24630016,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Ssenkrad_II,"Complete review, as always, found on blog @ amenglishDOTweeblyDOTcom/endless-legendThis is a perfect game to showcase how pathetic the ""yes vs no"" recommend system is- that and ""Banished"" and ""PoE"" and ""Banner Saga"" and...  Why?At $40, $50, or even $50+ this game is grossly, GROOOOOOSSSSSLLLLY overpriced. If this game was free and/or you early access supported this game (or ones like it) for $15 and got a free copy of the game would you say your $15 was well spent? Hell yes.The problem? More and more and more games are going early access + kickstarter route and what this means is that many people will be getting a game that sells for $50+ at retail and they will get it for less than half that price. What this creates is a large, sometimes unbearably large group of ""day one players"" who basically are playing a game that cost them next to nothing (Sometimes as little as $5). So what do they expect when playing the game? I suppose at $5 you expect the game to start and allows you to actually play, and that is about it- so anything else you basically splat in your pants.Is Endless Legend bad? No... Is Endless Legend worth more than $20? Hell to the no... HELLLLLL NOOOO!In a genre as super saturated as the 4x is, in fact next to FPS and ""RPG's"" the 4x genre might be the largest, this is not a genre that you have to ""dig deep"" to find 4x games that are amazing and that are half the price or even a quarter of the price. On a price entry point alone this game is terrible, let alone if this is your first 4x game. However, if you have played EVERY SINGLE 4x game out there and LOVE them all, get this game on sale ($20) and you shouldn't be too dissapointed.If this is your first 4x game purchase let me STRONGLY recommend you turn around and walk away. Why? This is the type of 4x game that will require those familiar with 4x games about 10-30 hours of gameplay before they even get a strong grasp of everything in the game- for those new to the genre this game will most likely make you swear a blood oath never to purchase another 4x game again- which is unfair to a very fun genre.If you are new to the genre may I suggest two games, Civilization Revolution and Age of Wonders. Both are great entry points, both are amazing as far as price, but one is more for people who like ""realistic worlds"" (Civilization) and the other is more ""fantasy/RPG"" (Age of Wonders).If you are still interested in buying this game here is a small section of my complete review that sums up who would actually like this game:By “having hours and hours to learn the game” I really mean at least 25 hours to even grasp what is going on. You will play the HORRIBLE tutorial and come out of it with your eyes swollen, it will be like drinking from a fire hydrant, and then you go play the game on normal and get torn to pieces- even if you are familiar with 4x games. 10+ hours later you try your next play through, you know more now but you still damper back the difficulty and decide to only do auto-battles this go around. If you are lucky this time you will figure out that there really isn’t 10 different ways to win the game, there is only one way to win the game- exploiting the AI and attacking the entire game. You want to play this game like any other 4x game- build wide or build tall- you will eventually get overwhelmed every time by an enemy army that is all lv 10 across the board. You see, attacking non-stop you build an army of lv 5-10+ troops which by the end of the game will and can destroy 60+ enemy units without taking a single point of damage and the same time the AI will not invade and attack your unguarded cities if you are in their lands attacking them. So what you do is decide to play again with this tactic in mind and play on normal; you absolutely destroy the game and it is so ridiculously easy you wonder if you just didn’t understand the game before. So you play again on normal but change tactics, maybe even factions (the dragons and dust knights are both ridiculously easy) and watch once again as you get destroyed. So at this point in time you have plugged in close to 50 hours of game play and you finally understand the game, but how much fun is it? Each and every play through from this point on (even on harder difficulties) will be exactly the same, even the same quests, and you will really only be able to play with one playstyle as the others will just lose out every, single, time. So bottom line in this regard is that if you don’t like aggressive playstyle (it is 500x easier to just take over an enemy city than it is to build a settler and build your own city) and don’t have hours upon hours to actually understand the game, even if you love 4x games this game will not be enjoyable."
76561198274534573,Not Recommended,289130,24467247,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,IN MY ASS,This games looks like a Civ copy and does not play well it's to confusing
76561198143635025,Not Recommended,289130,31284829,Posted: 21 April,all,t3kn34k,"THIS GAME IS A BUGGY PIECE OF CRAPASSUMING YOU'VE PLAYED THE TUTORIAL, YOU'VE PROBABLY GOT TOO MANY HOURS TO GET A REFUND UNFORTUNATELY BY THE TIME YOU REALIZE HOW BROKEN AND BAD THIS GAME IS IT WILL BE TOO LATE.GET READY TO WASTE A FEW HOURS WITH YOUR FRIENDS IN THIS FRUSTRATING OVERPRICED CIV KNOCKOFF.ONLY FOR EXTREME FRANCHISE FANSDONT FORGET TO GIVE THEM ALL YOUR SHECKLES FOR THE CASH GRAB DLCSF U STEAM GIMME REFUNDS FOR THIS STEAMY MESS"
76561198010180378,Not Recommended,289130,24754210,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Tizo,买此游戏，已经很长时间了，一直是玩着蛋疼的英文，游戏些地方实在看不懂！所以搁置了很久，就是想等出官中！，你不出就算了，连玩家做的MOD你的删除啦……如此开放商怎么能长久？
76561198174746306,Not Recommended,289130,23873123,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sensimilla,DO NOT BUY THIS GAMETrust me dont waste your money on a poorley designed money making scheme.
,Not Recommended,289130,25008709,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,David K?,"It just isn't very interesting and extremely confusing. It even crashed in the middle of the tutorial, which I still haven't passed because I don't understand whatever it wants me to learn. The GUI seems plain and uninteresting.I thought it might be somewhat like Heroes of Might and Magic or something, but it just seems too much trouble to even get into. Maybe I will try again later. Tried returning it, but it wouldn't allow it."
76561198148125059,Not Recommended,289130,29993332,Posted: 17 February,all,shadonlau,"price drop just after I bought it at christmas.It is now 5 pound, but I used 20 pound to bought it and I regret for buying this"
76561198101958735,Not Recommended,289130,26002609,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,=。=,"游戏制作精良，游戏厂商智障Good Game, Trash Publisher."
76561198108065324,Not Recommended,289130,24655116,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Tits McGee,Boring.
76561198066850090,Not Recommended,289130,24295050,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,BirdyShirty,Way to complicated for me sorry
,Not Recommended,289130,26007015,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,𝓓𝓻𝓮𝔀𝓩,"I don't have problem for reading English, but still, Chinese version.Why? Because we spend money, so respect us, that's it"
76561198101982179,Not Recommended,289130,25939133,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Wittman,给开发商差评很有意思，我用英文的评论（这家开发商的三个游戏endless我都买了）以后一片骂声（最早还有些种族辱骂，全删了），最让我震惊的是说最多的是个留学生，大概觉我丢了国人脸，很cool。话说sega是个出尔反尔的开发商，战锤全战不想多说。我很少见到这么多评论，是不是触动了某些racists的神经。
,Not Recommended,289130,31517931,Posted: 2 May,all,Hotsnap,say hi to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥racist
76561198006739385,Recommended,289130,10764975,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Protopic,Beautiful game.Great attention to detail and refreshingly different game-world.Certainly needs more work but is already very playable.Cant wait for the final release.
,Recommended,289130,10745925,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Allthatjazz,"This game is both beautiful and incredibly entertaining. It's a RTS much like CIV, but with a fantasy style, and hero characters. There is an immense level of detail, and for just being in alpha it is really addicting.  We should play together!"
,Recommended,289130,10825351,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sexy Gringo,"When I first bought Endless Legend, I was originally expecting to just be getting another Civ clone, but with a few frills added. What I ended up getting was a unique experience that words really can't describe. The quests systems helps add a small distraction from the traditional ""Build army. Move army. Kill kill kill."" mentality. Some of the Empires are a little unbalanced with their starting units, i.e. the Necrophages. As well, the Diplomacy system does not work at all, however I expect that to be fixed as time goes on. If you like strategy, but are bored of the traditional Civ mechanics, I highly suggest you try this game. For an Early Access game, it really is awesome."
76561198014143244,Recommended,289130,10910150,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Aceking420,"This game is great but, about the ships o hope there will be more models, also more seasons like spring when summer starts to arrive or fall when it rains this also should be added in my opinion, im hopping also to see more buildings. But im just suggesting some awesome ideas but exept that the game looks amazing !"
76561198008825938,Recommended,289130,10956780,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,shugorlr,"Looks great! I just hope they keep at it and finish this game up! The alpha is, of course, full of bugs. But it shows promise and it will certainly live up to our expectations."
76561198027824219,Recommended,289130,10960108,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DON WILSON,This game is pretty good for an early access. The games art style and sound are AMAZING as with the other two games in this series. Combat is well executed and easy to control. If anyone has played endless space they will be right at home with the empire managment and the hex system for the terrain is much like civilization 5. My only complaint is that as of now the diplomacy options don't really work and all A.I players will declare war on you at first sight. Overall I would definately reccomend buying.
76561198060983011,Recommended,289130,11901212,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Bennadrome,"Super fun game, exactly what I look for in a 4X title. Each faction is very unquie and tackle challenges very differently from the others (such as winter).Having a blast with the early access and am looking forward to future updates."
76561198055845063,Recommended,289130,11886819,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Shoji,"I write this as it is still in beta. Endless Legend is the absolute best turn based strategy game I have ever played. I highly recommend it. Gorgeous landscapes, beautiful soundtrack (that I can't wait to download at full release.) To anyone looking at this game: it is well worth it. The founders pack is the only way to go. Nothing is more satisfying than finding an enemy AI and just stacking units at their doorstep until the final moment when you steamroll them with Heroes you have hired from their own faction. One of the few early access game that I have played that I will say I would be satisfied with it even in its current state. The developers at Amplitude know the one thing that most Beta developers don't. People will not have much fun without a nice layer of polish on your product at each beta patch. If you enjoy turn based games, do purchase this title."
,Recommended,289130,11908566,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Crøss,"(Review from 0.6.1v)I had my eyes on this game for quite a long time,and I've finally bought this week and I can only say : IT WAS WORTH IT!The gameplay is likely similar from the Sid Meirs Civilization series with a system with delimitation border from a area,I remenber that on Empire Earth II,the battles are great but really need a better touch,the maps have so many things to explore,the villages,ruins,titanium and everything else,when you're walking and discovering new areas of the map,the animation is really great,it has so many Minor Factions despite the Major Factions and when I say so many,it's because they are really many,I've discovered 10 Minor Factions on a deathmatch map(6),your hero can be customized!With weapons and gears,just like a RPG,and one last thing,the art of this game it's just so amazing,sometimes I really think that they came from Magic the Gathering cards,because they really are THAT good,basically,if you want turn based RTS and you like Civilization AND you really like a game with a lore like Warcraft or something similar,buy it,it is WORTH IT!"
76561198017588135,Recommended,289130,11921846,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Zurevla,"A-bloody-mazing, so good! the lore, Endless Space, everything. Cant utter words for this it's so good. 10/10"
76561198123632713,Recommended,289130,21413882,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,bane.tyranthraxus,"I like this game a lot. It took playing some strategy games with worse graphics to realize the treat that this one is. It's idiosyncratic, which for me is a plus in a game; it means finding the shortcuts victory among a million different possible paths, and Endless Legends really does offer a lot of paths, so many it's overwhelming at first. This sense of confusion is added to by the fact that much of the description in the world management system (in-city; descriptions of tech being researched . . .) are often not very hopeful, sometimes outright vague. It takes a few play-throughs in other words to know which techs are worth researching, which aren't, and if you're like me you'll forget anyway. Luckily the battle system - though fraught with its own flaws - is beautiful to watch and the token units (there could be more available, say, a supersecret bonus unit in the second to last tech tier; that'd be nice) really are fun to modify and level up. I should say, too, that though the game balance feels off (the beginning is a slow slog and the end can feel like a sprinting race), this does seem to be a deliberate choice by the developers. At any rate, it's a strategy game worth its salt, encouraging multiple play-throughs and fun to look at."
,Recommended,289130,13969020,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,splash around in spaghetti,Rly fun if you like memes like civVery pretty
,Recommended,289130,21492604,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cryaix,"I highly reccomend this game as a multiplayer with people on skype, discord or any others, since this game has such amazing gameplay which is very fluid as the game progresses since my first game was rushed into with my friend who was really good and I still can't beat them but I played and was quite bad at the start but as turns passed I became quicker and much more fluid at with the controls and I recommend this game for the multiplayer but even with just singleplayer you can have hours lost to this game due to the sheer brilliance of this game. I, myself was not captivated by this game as much as Civilization 5 when I first played but after a few games I became addicted. Even someone whom is known for hating these types of games could not get enough. A few problems I found was the multiplayer could de-sync a fair amount and when using the DLC's it could bug out and not all of the players would join but this was on such rare occasions that it was hardly ever noticable. (If this inspired you to buy/play the game I hope you have fun and earn some achievements!)"
76561197964242602,Recommended,289130,29504115,Posted: 26 January,all,General Moon Moon,"It is kind of hard to give a completely positive review for this game.Firstly the positive:-amazing story line-great artwork-good gameplay-time flies byNegative:According to my experience the KI is not well-balanced. I played the game on normal, because that's how I play all games in the beginning. However, after a bunch of turns (around 70) the KI always attacks me and there is no chance to defeat it, even with my hero army and militia as backup. The City will always get razed as well as its attacked by cultists.I am considering myself an experienced gamer, so this is really annoying. It's not really possible to circumvent either and it seems like this kind of move will always appear around the same time in ""normal"" modus.On the other hand, the easy mode is way too easy. The KI did not attack me so far and resources are extremely abundand. It's nice to get to know the game, but it's really no challenge at all.To the point: the level of difficulty is off. Easy is way too easy and normal is actually some kind of hard-mode.Still a recommendation."
76561198092300481,Recommended,289130,16996295,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,nikihulliger,Amazing Game.
76561198088367901,Recommended,289130,17071623,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ravennas,"Amazing game, great for friendly/group play."
76561198096240799,Recommended,289130,17015237,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,KTMOE,"Endless Legend is a very complex 4x stategy game with a very difficult learning curve. Though the game is tough to figure out at first, it becomes a blast once you learn."
76561198096027734,Recommended,289130,17020741,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,AylexMorhaven,"Wow....The depth of this game...I've played games that have less depth than this.  Every so often the ""winter"" comes. If you build cities in...mediocre locations, Winter can and will wipe them out.  I've had to restart multiple games because I didn't settle my city a ""good"" location.  And you can only settle one city per ""region"". ands a whole new level of strategic thinking.Units are simple yet complex. You get 3 chief units per civilization, each with strengths and weaknesses.  From there you can modify each type's loadout to customize and create new unit classes.  It is interesting."
,Recommended,289130,17086720,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,"This, That, and the HoneyCruller",A 4X strategy game with a more combat focused gameplay that is well executed.
76561198065730705,Recommended,289130,17091594,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,FlySC,"Very good fantasy 4x game. The very unique races and the very cool looking art style really set it apart from other 4x games. Limited amount of base units, but great customization for them, as well as a deep combat system once you figure out how it works. Weakest part is as usual in these types of games the AI, but they provide enough of a challenge on higher difficulty levels to keep the game enjoyable. If you like fantasy 4x, this is one of the best around."
,Recommended,289130,17095938,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Overspark,"One of the best 4X games around at the moment. Not because it's so much better than other 4X games, but because it brings a couple of small new things to the table that combine into a fresh new take on the genre, and manages to look absolutely beautiful to boot (if you like the style)."
,Recommended,289130,17292234,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Brutal Lobster,"Build your people, forge alliances and wage wars. Stab your friends in the back too! With all the races having a much different feel the replayability is great along side the amount of thinking that goes behind every choice."
,Recommended,289130,17294762,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Poopybutt,I haven't played a game as enjoyable and addicting like this...held my pee for like 3 hours straight lol
,Recommended,289130,17300031,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,le anima,"Ridiculously complicated, but so good. Friends, plz buy this game so I can play with you :P"
,Recommended,289130,17101441,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,KCloud,"Endless Legend is by far one of the best 4X games out there. You can pick one of the unique faction that each have their own lore and play styles. Then you create a world and do the 4X's. There is a very nice mix between strategy and RPG elements such as quests, hero units, and equipping different weapons and armor. Combat in the game is fun and actually makes it so that an inferior force can still win battles. Playing this game makes you really feel like the leader of a mighty empire. However sometimes the game doesn't tell you things it should, for instance in combat you can move units and attack on the same turn, but the tutorial never says it and only the loading screens show it.( right-click for first action and ctrl + right-click for second). Overall very beautiful game with amazing soundtrack and great gameplay."
76561198042133109,Recommended,289130,17106546,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Michael_Chester,"In my opinion, this is the best 4x game. Very streamlined gameplay, very different factions, good level of customization of heroes and units."
76561198030777085,Recommended,289130,19191121,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,andre4work,"great game, one of the best 4x games on the market! maybe only sid mayers games can have same great depth of gameplay as this amazing gem of awesome  game design and stunning graphics!"
,Recommended,289130,19297417,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Leoward,"Great game with a wonderful refresh in the 4x genre. The art style, music, and story is a great mixture for the theme of magical real. Many of the ""races"" have unique aspect, making each enjoyable to play."
,Recommended,289130,19313470,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,RASCHOON,"This game is great, I am really loving it. I actually am enjoying this far more than the last couple Civ games...that is coming from someone who considers the Civ series to be in his top 5 of all time. Do yourself a favor and pick this game up (along with the expansions, they are well worth it as well)."
76561198055251340,Recommended,289130,16074626,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Salad,THIS GAME HAS ENDLESS AMOUNTS OF FUNNNN
76561198039012460,Recommended,289130,19310973,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,"Demonlord, The One Who Knocks","What I love about this gameis that it feels very grand. If you wanted to feel like an emperor ruling over an empire, this is the game for you. City managment is very well done, lots of choices for you to expand your empire. Hell, finding a place to build your next city is a lot of fun.However, like all games, there are going to be some races that are just a lot better at doing stuff than you. If you don't recruit other races, which you can do by either conquering them or negotiating terms to allow them into your empire, you'll fall behind by a lot. If your military isn't up to date, you're going to be bullied a lot.Very beutiful game to look at and it really feels like a fantasy game. However, there are times where the AI will really derp out and not know what to do at times. There was a game where The Draken, out of no where, just decided to hit my city for a turn before they turned tail and attacked another empire. They later made peace with me before they just up and sat inside their borders for most of the game.9/10Pros:+Managment is really well done.+Maps make you think where you can build the best city.+Every playthrough is different.Cons:-You'll get bullied a lot if your military isn't up to par.-AI is a bit schizophrenic at times."
76561198118821728,Recommended,289130,19387038,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Crimson Emperor,A truly great game. Though at times it can get boring as you wait for stuff to happen. Overall with the amount of customization that you can do plus the music and art a must buy for any Civ lovers out there.Get it on sale!
,Recommended,289130,19388144,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Proletariat Al,"A 4X with a whole lot of charm and enough finely tuned strategy to keep you engaged.ProsConsMain questlines mean you always have something to be doing, and its always something interesting.The map navigation is very slightly fiddly?Factions all play wildly differently rather than just some minor stat bonus/malus.Honestly I'm pretty infatuated with this game.Faction customisation means you can tailor your playstyle right down to the most minute details.???No boring bits. Combat is fun, trade is fun, the economics are fun, and it all looks gorgeous.???Probably my favourite 4X game to date.Endless Legendfixes all those minor issues that made games likeCivilisationa chore at times and adds in a whole suite of features that make gameplay very smooth and engaging."
76561197991354993,Recommended,289130,19483689,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Zodmaniac,A refreshing take in a stalling genre. This one has a slick feel to it and is different enough to justify its purchase even if you have AOW3 or CIV.Once you have gotten through the manual...;)I am looking forward to meaty expansions and wish Amplitude a satisfying revenue..Thumbs up!
76561198158872815,Recommended,289130,19501894,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,tabundz,play as the cultists and use the power of catholicism to make mindless converts fight for you
76561198004672292,Recommended,289130,19485781,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Nerowolfe,"This is the first time I have written a review for any game, I own hundreds (literally), so you as the reader should absolutely read into the fact that I have decided to bother.  I can't speak to everyone's tastes of course, but I can say that I was reluctant to buy this originally because the genre has been growing stale to me, but I took a chance on it when it was on sale.Having played it for a couple of weeks, I can say that without a doubt, knowing what I know now about it, I would very happily have bought this at full price (and even more, frankly).  Many, many reasons, here's a very short list:The ""just one more turn"" games are generally irresistible to me, obviously the civ franchise being the prime examples.  EL has honestly replaced CIV 2 (I know I'm old) as my favorite.  The 4X game concept is an old formula;  EL just does it better than any I've ever played, from the basic expectations for civ building and strategy to the character and ambiance and flavor of the art/experience.  Every faction feels distinct and interesting with very unique traits and abilities/disabilities and backstory and quests.  Every build mechanic/game concept feels both contextually proper and visceral, even down the city building portion of the game - using districts to actually physically expand and fill the regions with ""city"", gives an immersive sense of development.I could truly go on, but I bet most have stopped reading at this point and seen this post for the gushing that it is.  Because everyone's tastes are so different I'll just leave it at this... If you are a 4X fan and you like the old civ games for their uniqueness and flavor but the new civs for their depth of concept, DO NOT WAIT, BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,289130,19479666,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Beefers,"Most flavorful and fleshed out fantasy 4x in quite some time, even if the end game is a bit fiddly (which 4x end game isnt?)."
76561198058264727,Recommended,289130,19480376,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Paxumillion,"One of the best 4X games out there. Extremely technical gameplay that needs a better tutorial. Also the battle sequence is still buggy, so you need to make sure your units is doing what’s what."
,Recommended,289130,19511852,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BustedDroid,"This game is simply amazing. The game is a great city manager, combined with amazing graphics and a nice turn-based tactical combat, with soldier and hero customization. Granted the major updates that really fix and improve stuff come in the form of DLC that you have to buy, but it's well worth it. Get the game and DLC now, you won't be sorry."
,Recommended,289130,19518324,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Johnny Danger,"If you're a fan of turn-based empire building, you don't want to miss this one. Seeing as Civ is my favorite game, I felt right at home with Endless Legend. I've played two games so far, and while the learning curve is steep, it's super fun! If you're on the fence about buying it, listen to the dude with the Lucky Charms avatar and BUY IT. I know a pot of gold when I see it."
76561198070222264,Recommended,289130,19398561,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Orhan Beylik,This game is incredible.
76561198039786429,Recommended,289130,19436503,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,originalpatster,"Totally awesome!Great visuals and music, Fantastic gameplay what more could you want!"
76561198247670178,Recommended,289130,19450207,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Fabulous Jewfro,"Turn 270. Been stealing, pillaging, and keeping to the shadows like any good Forgotten. I'm making a crapton of gold. So much so that I can forseeably pull off a diplomatic victory in a few turns. My people await in anticipation. I hit the ""next turn"" button:ROVING CLANS WIN AN ECONOMIC VICTORY.All my dreams, all my hopes for my people, gone.The worst thing was, this was only on newbie difficutly...Ok, so honestly, this game ROCKS. I'm a fan of games like this generally, played some 500 hours or more on the civ series, and played games like AOW3 too. I've never seen a game quite like this though. It's like they took their last game, Endless Space (which I have not played), and said: ""hmm, lets see what a fantasy version of this would look like."" That game is Endless Legend.The art style first and foremost, is phenomenal. Everything looks and sounds GORGEOUS. I enjoyed just zooming in and out to survey my growing city. The music is moving and beautiful, and a welcome break from the typical epic soundtrack sound that permeates fantasy games. Also, THE FACTIONS!!! From the suitably dead but noble Broken Lords, to the vibrant Roving Clans, this game has diversity, an important thing in our PC culture. But seriously, all the factions are hugely different, and I've barely scraped the surface.The gameplay is difficult, maybe too difficult, as I found myself getting stomped on newbie difficulty. However, there's a lot to learn, and I can admit that. There's intrigue (much better than Civ 5's version), amazing diplomacy, and a lot of fun quests that really flesh out the game. The only thing I found annoying was the combat, which I autoresolved most of the time.Overall, this game is fantastic. I'll definitely be addicted to this game for quite some time."
,Recommended,289130,19447872,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,[SG] I cast FIST!,"If you like 4X games such as Civilization 5, play this. Really polished, smooth gameplay, and has extras that I would love to see in other 4x games.Big one being, regions. In games like Civ, if you colonise an area, some AI can come along and plant a city practically right next to yours, and there's nothing you can do about it but declare war and raze it. In Endless Legend each region can only have ONE city. So you build a city and get exclusive rights to all the resources of that area, nobody else can colonise it.I can't express enough how that one change alone makes for a much more interesting game."
76561198004851032,Recommended,289130,19447904,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,🐌,If you enjoyed Civ 5 you will probably also enjoy this game. It is a good deal more difficult in my opinion and the tutorial at the beginning is not very good.
,Recommended,289130,19448651,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sapphire,"I originally gave this game a negative review after dealing with a few bugs early on in release, bugs which at that time had hindered my enjoyment and even learning of what the difference was between a bug and a gameplay element. In my last few games I've not seen a single bug and the more I learn about this series the more it seems to welcome me in.A lot of people will say this game is similar to Civ5 though actually I would say it is Civ:Beyond Earth is a much more similar game in gameplay alone. It's not comparing apples to oranges, but it might be comparing oranges to Civ5's succulent grapefruit and Civ:BE's sourest of lemons. Either way you're going to get your daily dose of vitaminCivI think perhaps the most dramatic difference you see with Endless Legend is that it has the feel of a game that is constantly being fixed and improved, and it's not like the base game itself isn't beautiful but they're constantly finding something else to polish up and make sparkle just a little bit more than it did before. To that end I have to give Amplitude Studios quite a lot of credit as they seem to realize that there is money to be made in investing in a future for this franchise, something Firaxis should really learn from. Despite my initial dislike of this franchise it just kept giving me those big puppy dog eyes in the form of content and solid gameplay until it won me back.A word on the artwork throughout this game: amazing. From the loading screens to the detailed artwork of quests and buildings the whole thing really stands out. Even terrain is colorful and vivid and zooming in on new anomalies and watching them sparkle and glow is half the fun of finding them. Civ5 art shows it's age and it was CivBE's crude interface, random scribblings for wonders, and bland blue grey terrain that made me really appriciate Endless.I will say this, this game is not without DLC and you're pretty much playing an incomplete game until you buy it. I do not feel bad contributing additional payments towards a game that is being expanded and added upon as long as they bring fun new experiences, and so far they've pretty much gone beyond my expectations. The DLC is usually pretty cheap, especially when there's a Steam sale of some sort going around."
,Recommended,289130,19441815,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Kaecyus,"I've played enough of this game to know that this is the 4x turn-based strategy game that may actually get me turned back onto the genre. The art style is fantastic, the combat system is cool too though I usually pick auto-resolve because I prefer playing the big picture.I never really enjoyed this genre of game but I would say that it's a great gateway game into it (at least for me), and it's definitely a good choice for any gamer as a representative of it's kin."
76561198037870030,Recommended,289130,19444728,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Baboone,"What a great game, full of suprises, engaging and worth every cent i've paid for it.I want more, MOREEEEEEE."
,Recommended,289130,19461604,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Murabito A,"Gotta put this first before I'll do my first ever full review.But so far, this game is really hooked me up."
76561198023758005,Recommended,289130,19459981,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,JAHLAHPENOH,"♥♥♥♥ the sun, my dust is all the light I need."
,Recommended,289130,19353047,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Punkboyollie,"Never before has a game shown me a graph of how badly I suck at playing it. Unsurprisingly, I suck quite a bit. But you know what? This game is very enjoyable. Drag a friend along for the ride and pray to god you don't get separated by an ocean and plonked in the middle of a bunch of already owned territories."
76561198009779692,Recommended,289130,19424782,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AxeHole,over all a great game - takes a bit to get up to speed but once it starts making sense then it get very fun.
,Recommended,289130,19533594,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,See something? Say nothing,"harder more intense verison of civ, has its own feel to it. good game if you like 4x"
76561198102542710,Recommended,289130,19453193,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,kvjetak,"Probably the best turn-based strategy I ever played. I bought it on sale, but I would pay full price without hesitation. Time consumer no.1 for long Winter nights..."
,Recommended,289130,19721188,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Teach,"One of the best civilization building strategy games I've played. It's reminiscient of Civ V, but in my opinion, it improves on the concept in more than one aspect. I seriously recommend it."
,Recommended,289130,19720262,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,erez87,"I'm not sure I played enough to really give a review but this game has been a pleasent experience. It is calm, but not without its share of warring, yet it never makes you overly stressed. It has wonderful background music that calms the nerves and it looks amazing."
76561198268178988,Recommended,289130,19700783,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Crazed_Badger,After only have just downloaded this game I can say that Im loving every second. The gameplay is smooth and makes sense. While there is a slight learning curve doing the tutorial will alleviate that. 9/10 Would recommend.
76561197962248816,Recommended,289130,17710916,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Revenant,"It's been a while since a game managed a successful paradigm shift on the 4X genre. Took me a while to learn the basics, but the relatively steep initial learning curve is totally worth it."
76561198048210955,Recommended,289130,17715843,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,G-Rex,Like civ but better in my eyes
,Recommended,289130,17745241,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,BeardDaddy,"Took the decent bones of Endless Space and dramatically increased the tactical choices for game play.As a 4X, I really appreciate the distinction that each faction has from the others. Each one plays dramatically differently. This is a far cry from the mostly cosmetic difference between nations in the Civilization series. Makes for great replayability."
76561198090655685,Recommended,289130,17639137,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,beingblackrules,If you are into 4x games this game is a must in my opinion solely because it has everything you could ever want in a 4x game. From unique units for each faction to a rich backstory and lore. I love this game even though I have just started playing it again.
,Recommended,289130,13158977,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Winter Wolf,"Newer Review:28 hours in and I can say Legend is not my favorite 4x (500+hours in CIV V and I have major issues with THAT game) and it is not my least favorite (Moo3 anyone?)I had major issues on my old machine and playing on this new and shiny machine (still not insanely better mind you, just more ram and cpu power mainly) I find Legends to be a bit more playable. But I also am finding it to be a bit boring now. It might just be that I played it a bunch slogging through the lag and mouse problems and UI stuff when it wasn't working so well, that now I have an aversion to enjoying it but I am finding the game to decidedly bland. It isn't horrible and I want people to know that it could be tons worse.Some pros:-- Based on the Endless universe it has terms you will be familiar with if you've played Endless Space at all (A far superior game imho.)-- There is a faction editor. You are not stuck playing some opaque and perhaps hard to play if you are  beginner, faction with weird abilities. You can make your own. (Though I suspect most newbs won't until they have at least some idea what is going on.)-- This is certainly a genuine 4x game. You need to explore, expand, exploit, and exterminate in varying degrees (depending on how you choose your settings.) And every element of this has a distinct Endless branding to it. Though some of it reminds me strongly of CIV and Alpha Centauri. That's not a bad thing as both games are classics.And cons:-- You need ram to play this game. The min requirement specs are just wrong. 12gb seems fine.-- The hoops required to accomplish goals in this game are not fun to complete. They don't feel organic or interesting to me.-- I mention above the opaqueness of the factions. This is 70% flavor 30% mechanics I think, but I have ended up avoiding the weirder factions (for now) and just sticking with my own edited ones that perhaps aren't as capable but feel better. This is one area that did not port wel from ES.-- The faction editor has less flexibility than the faction editor in ES and this might be a balance issue (as in the game designers saw that ES's custom factions had some game breaking issues?) But it feels like like a nerf.I really, really wish Steam had 3 ratings for games (at least) or used a 1-10 rating system so we could express both concerns about the game and pleasure for what it does right and not merely cater to ""Pass/Fail"" model it currently has.As such I am changing this review to a thumbs up BUT I still feel it is caveat emptor as you may not be getting what you expect in terms of UI and performance if you have a semi low end or older machine. (Despite what one commentor said I found 4gb is not enough and 12gb is.)If you have troubles I do recommend fiddling with the settings as that does help.Old Review:I was excited to pick this up for 50% off because it finally fit my budget and I looked forward to playing it. Sadly this was a forlorn expectation. Caveat Emptor!Despite meeting the minimum requirements I am finding the game relatively unplayable. (I can play it but it takes way too much time to move the mouse and get responses. The game acts as if it is super lagged. This is with all the graphics settings at lowest and audio turned off.At first I thought it was just the custom faction editor acting like this (because that is one of my favorite things to do with these kinds of games) but the whole game does the same thing. Very patience-trying  and is thus essentially unplayable until such time as I find a solution for this behavior. I suspect there is NO solution other than upgrading my PC to the recommended stats instead. It is a shame when a game advertises min specs for playability but it turns out to only be technically true. They get the $$ and you get the shaft. :/So if you have anything but the latest gaming gear I have to say it's a thumbs down. (On a side note I found the faction editor was not as fun/interesting as the ES version. It feels like there is less modularity to faction building than it appears at first. But that's more picky than would normally account for a negative review.)"
76561198025397542,Recommended,289130,17805444,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Spenser,Good game.
,Recommended,289130,17848490,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Evilbear,"Wonderful 4X game set in the story flavor of the Endless universe that Amplitude has created.  Art style is interesting and gameplay what you would expect if you've ever played a game of this type.  I have played many hours to this nad enjoyed every aspect of it.  I must also note the Soundtrack of this game is awesome.If you've held off of buying this, you shouldn't as it will not make you feel like you wasted hard earned dollars."
,Recommended,289130,17854091,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ayakashi,My favorite 4x game around!
76561198042057524,Recommended,289130,17854835,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Grafton,"Alot like a more complex civ 5, would be better with friends (which i dont have :( but good singleplayer)."
,Recommended,289130,17846633,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,AlRokerSurprise,Great 4x turn based strategy game with tons of character.
,Recommended,289130,17545228,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lunerd,You build ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,289130,17674200,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,illicit,
,Recommended,289130,17857801,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Pax Leo Phantasma,An expansive and immersive fantasy 4X experience. As addictive as it is enjoyable.
76561198105994778,Recommended,289130,17856537,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,868,"This game has so many great amazing features and strategies and unique civilizations and the list goes on. I can't simply type a full review of each aspect about the game. What I can say is buy it!!!You will take time to learn it as it has an simply yet unique learning curve. Each faction plays so differently from each other that you literally feel like it is a new game you are playing when choosing a new faction to play with. After playing with each faction, you can then use one of the factions as a base and completely change all of their empire advantages/disadvantages to your own unique (and I mean uniques) play style. If you think the game is too easy you can create a faction that has only disadvantages and no pros (aside from changing the difficulty setting of course).The graphics are beautiful, and each faction is easily identifiable due to their unique-to-faction aesthetics. Even the planet Auriga itself, there are so many customizable aspects of the map generator, yet you never get the exact same map twice due to the great random map generator. Some of you may be thinking: ""So, there are lots of great games with good random map generators."" Believe me, not like this one. Most of thos random maps on other games may have a slight affect on a player's strategy, but in Endless Legend, you will remeber every river, desert, forest, piece of rare metal deposit because it will affect your city building strategies, territory colonization, troop/army movement, and even what types of buildings, units and unit equipment you will utilize.In order to help you understand the quality of this game:1) I thought many popular 4x games like Civ IV & V and BE to all have many things lacking to make the games actually strategic in play. I have never found myself playing this game and saying to myself, ""I wish they had this"", or ""I was allowed to do this"", or ""I wish there was more strategy to actually winning a battle"" etc. Maybe a more challenging, realistic and intelligent AI, however, that is true of every game so can't count this as a negative as their AI is still far better that 90% of the other games I've played.2) I love games in general, but I really love strategy games above the others. However, only a few game series have ever created games that make me come back over and over for more. these are many of the Total War games, X-Com games,  Total Annihilation and its successors, and Endless Legend. It wasn't simply that they were fun to play, but also somewhat strategic and of course, unique. Therefore, everytime I played I didn't get that I've done this exactly the same way 100 times before in order to win feeling.3) Some people may not find the AI that challenging and others too challenging, but again, there is a lot of customization with factions, and hadicaps etc aside from changing the difficulty level. One thing I will say is that regarding diplomacy, I really liked the way that you can interact with the AI. Probably one of the best, if not the best diplomacy system ever.All I can say is buy the game. Just buy it."
,Recommended,289130,17856644,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ashirogi Muto,I found this game extremely enjoyable
76561198082547588,Recommended,289130,17856926,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,goldeos.007,gyd
,Recommended,289130,17858488,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Zophie Winters,Great Fantasy 4X game with a tactical combat system and interesting quest/rpg-like elements.  If you like the Civ games and are looking for something with a bit more complex and unique strategy systems you should definitely give this a look.
,Recommended,289130,17855978,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,SadisticPotato,"Without any second thoughts one of the best games i've ever played. This 4x strategy game combines a beautiful, immersive fantasy world with the addictive 4x gameplay (like in Civ 5, only way better imo) to create a game where you can spend hours exploring every corner of the world yet it never gets boring. Especially with the DLCs, that add new units, factions and gameplay elements this game is really worth the price.If you like strategy games and haven't bought it yet, do it. Really great game."
,Recommended,289130,17856356,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ok,"its ok. more interesting than any civ game i played, even with simplified mechanics"
76561198009881550,Recommended,289130,17856424,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Isaiah 6:8,The only 4k turn based game i own and I am very happy with it
,Recommended,289130,18125706,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,4X Player 402,"Beautiful graphics, great managment, innovative resource system that is much better than *cough* Civilization's *cough*. On the topic of civilization, this game puts beyond earth as a 4x to shame, unit cuztomization is huge in this game and you can make your own factions. Also reccomend the 2 expansions guardians and shadows. The only downsid is it requires a lot of 2 finger or right clicks, and my laptop doesn't have a left and right mouse button, so without an external mouse, some of the controls can be slippery. I personally us a logitech gamepad with the game because... I'm weird like that sometimes. Overall wonderful game that should be a model for all 4x games that follow it."
76561197977365405,Recommended,289130,18125826,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ppundy,"Endless Legend is an excellent and well thought out 4x game with absolutely gorgeous graphics and very creative races.  I'm enjoying the game, but finding some areas which can be improved. The learning curve is a bit steep because some of the controls and menus aren't always intuitive.  For example, I had a hard time finding a screen showing the resources of my empire.  Also, it would be nice to see the resources of my empire while ""Parleying"" minor factions.  These factions give quests, often requiring a tribute of resources."
76561198027271290,Recommended,289130,18146920,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,stanmons,"Endless Legend is a ""fantasy civ"" with great mechanism combined with enough complexity and layered with rich lore and innovate design."
76561198006646693,Recommended,289130,18159844,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,AZZA,"Really good game, easy to pick up and keeps me playing over and over again. If you like civilization games, you will like this. tech tree's, turn based battles, expanding your cities, gathering resources, taking more land, keeping peace via diplomacy etc...."
76561197993478059,Recommended,289130,18097884,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Schmata Bastanold,"I enjoy everything about this game except of cheap way of implementing higher difficulties by giving bonuses to AI. I get AI is more A than I and it needs help to provide challenge to player but when you meet your first opponent at turn 5 and his army has 4 units at lvl 4 it's just like WTF? how is that possible? well, google bunuses to AI and enjoy bitterness of every next session.with that being said I just started new game :)"
76561198088332483,Recommended,289130,18107870,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,BLoOdY TrOuT,Like a mans version of civ but so much more complex.... worth the money and time
76561198008896344,Recommended,289130,18102224,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Ironsides,"This is one of the first games I've liked enough to both writing a review for it. Civilization without all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If you enjoy fantasy games and strategy games, I doubt you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,289130,18235361,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Yatohastheawesome,"fun gmae. Lots of varied classes, buildings etc. Allows more control than many other 4K games I've played, dut to the ability to research any and all tech within each era, the ability to manage resource collection is also good, and it all works well."
,Recommended,289130,18234083,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,aLKayeL,Dust makes the legend go round
76561197993846728,Recommended,289130,18219541,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Bigpete,"Don't play it. Seriously. Unless you actually want ever other 4x game to look bland and lifeless. Oh how many times I have thought to myself""This game would be so much better with Necrophages."""
,Recommended,289130,18234406,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Gilderan,"The next benchmark in fantasy 4x gamingEngless Legend is a very beautifully modelled 4x set in a fantasy world. Its stand outs (at least for me) are:Beautifull modelled terrain and units - yes it is very game of thrones like (but try zooming in on the cities - lots of eye candy)Very good back ground music scoreAbility to built up units using weapon, armour and accessory choicesNicely put together tech tree (learn x mumber of techs in a sphere to progress to the next tech era)The quest system fits in with the theme of the game, rather than being an add on - this encourages explorationLevelling up of leaders and unitsNot having to micro manage - its all taken care of (eg, road building is automatic between cities)One city per province gets rid of the old city stacking tendencies of civ linke gamesGreat diplomacy modelI could go on but this is one of those rare milestone games that has set a very high benchmark for fantasy 4x strategy games.This is just my opinion. Maybe you will hate it but if you are into turn based strategy, appreciate the detail and refinement of the mechanics without having to get lost in micromanagement detail, then you will love this game."
76561197999913445,Recommended,289130,18152016,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,he.who.thinks,Great 4X
76561198171118986,Recommended,289130,18176416,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Super_Kawaii,"My fav 4x game! From the lore to the graphics this game is perfect! The AI is also really challenging/unpredictable on harder difficulties to keep you on your toes, 100% recommend!"
76561198109958830,Recommended,289130,18176723,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Ramichai,Amazing game! worth the money.
76561198068982092,Recommended,289130,18166296,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Sgt. Buttersworth [E-308],"Endless Legends is my favourite 4X game. Everything feels to right in this game. Lore, gameplay and even the sweet 3D landcapes and units.In Endless Legends, you play one of the 8 major factions. There is a 9th one in DLC. Each of the factions have a radically different gameplay driven by their faction bonuses, their hero skills, their main quest line and their 3 basic units.Some factions will thrive from expanding and having a lot of cities, some are very good at fighting in the earlier or later and some have excell at amassing tons of ressources and controlling the other factions with money or politics. There is also several ways of winning like supremacy, science, economy, quest, wonder or diplomacy.The fights are turn based and take place on the actual map. Fighting in the forest or from a cliff will give you bonuses during the fight. It is also possible to use tight places strategically or to use fast unit to just run away and wait the end of the fight. You can also customize your units to better fit together or against a specific ennemy.And I could keep talking about it for a while! Minor factions, side quests, explorations, building and research strategies, etc...It takes a few games to get used to the game but it is so fun to do!"
,Recommended,289130,18179461,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Hazencruz,"HOLY ♥♥♥♥NUGGETS THIS GAME RULES!Think Civ 5, but with a really awesome fantasy feel and with WAYYY more unique individual factions. Seriously, EACH faction in this game plays like its own game.It's also a lot cheaper than Civ 5, even with the DLC, which rules your face.Actually, I have a full game to game comparison between this game and Civ 5, and you should watch it if you're on the fence about buying this game for any reason. Then you should buy this game and play it with me.https://youtu.be/wXffshr7-Ro"
,Recommended,289130,16631197,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"This game does many things well, and many things poorly.  If I were to get into each of those things in detail, this would be more of a thesis than a simple store page review.Boiled down:-The tactical combat is interesting and well implemented.-The strategy side of things is very heavy on micro-management.Ultimately, if you are drawn to 4X games and are looking for one with a sci-fantasy theme, I'd say go for it.  You'll enjoy at least one campaign."
,Recommended,289130,16634350,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Liberal Bird,"I am in love with this game. It has nice artwork, improved combat compared to other turn-based games, a good diplomacy system, and is overall a great game. Easily one of my favorites, I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,289130,16634748,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,keik,"Played for 46h during free weekend, bought with dota drops during summer sale.13/5 - lost life, lernt economics"
,Recommended,289130,16637184,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kulia,"Endless Legend is a great game. It's a fantasy-based 4X that's a ton of fun. I would recommend it to pretty much anyone who likes these kinds of games, or wants to get into these kinds of games. But if you don't like fantasy in your 4X's, then don't get this game.Pros:-Diverse ways to play(Through the different empires, each one has a unique play-style)-Lore, it has a fair bit of lore in it, due to each empire having its own quest as you play through the game, and each minor faction having its own bit of backstory.-Accesible UI, the UI is very easy to navigate.-Customization, do what you want! Customise all your units, customise all your heroes, heck, even make your own empire to play as(would only recommend this if you're more experienced)!-Fantastic music and art-style.-Combat doesn't get in the way of the city-management if you don't want it to! You can just auto-resolve all your combat or you can sit through and actually play it out! Both of them yield the same results.Cons:-Tutorial lacks as it doesn't properly tell you how the sciences work, nor how to get all the strategic and luxury resources, and because of that it can be a bit hard to get into, I know for the first bit I was sitting around confused so it took me a bit to really get into the game.-AI, the AI seems a bit too aggresive. Even on easy, if I sit on my♥♥♥♥♥for a dozen or so turns trying to build up my starting  city to a point where I feel safe to expand, well too late, the rest of the map is already taken up by the AI...-Minor UI issues, when you get a notification that another empire has decided to.. let's say market ban you, and you go to negotiate back, it doesn't close the first notification, so you're sitting there going ""did I just do this.. or has he come back at me already?"" So what I'm saying here is, some notifications don't go away unless you specifically click ""Dismiss"" and it's a little bit annoying.Overall, this is a great game and would highly recommend it. I can see why it got all those awards that it did!"
76561197998488791,Recommended,289130,17926809,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Korthos,"If you like civilization games, then you will probably love endless legend.  I have spent countless just one more turn hours with this game. I love it!"
76561198096123395,Recommended,289130,16558654,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,blakfraction123,Good
,Recommended,289130,16560716,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,tomorrowandtomorrow,"Simply fantastic.Endless Legend is everything you loved about Civilization...sans the historical significance, if that's your thing. But with a sci-fi/fantasy twist.The music is beautiful. The various races are both visually and functionally distinct, and the gameplay is 4X at it's finest.Buy it and you simply will not be dissappointed. Unless you are, in which case I can't help you. Sorry."
,Recommended,289130,16562991,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Stimepy,Yup it's a 4x/civ/whateverthe****youcallit game.   But enjoyable.  Highly recommended!
76561198051320312,Recommended,289130,16563547,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,clevecombustion,Awesome game
76561197974436784,Recommended,289130,16513267,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,GinxHD,Really good game10/10
76561198007036118,Recommended,289130,15661135,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Love,"Great 4X ! Interesting lore and factions, various ways of succeeding in your plans. Exceptionnal soundtrack.Nothing else to say, for me, it's definitely a great game. Worth the money."
76561198002960446,Recommended,289130,16573684,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,darklordmack,DOPE
76561198096030214,Recommended,289130,16503478,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,The Real Revolution,The addiction and fun to this game is 'Endless'
76561198110502186,Recommended,289130,16647321,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Spanza,long gameplayand good tactic gameplayGGWPlong gameplay10/10
76561198017328641,Recommended,289130,13847439,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Lunaticsarkasm,"The best 4X game since MoO2.And Endless Space, the elder brother of this game, isn't too far behind!"
76561198074547819,Recommended,289130,13849447,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,kunkelbek,"Very awesome game!Just like civilization in many ways, but much better!It has awesome mekanics for battles, looks absolutly brilliant and has awesome factions to play as!One thing, the diplomacy systems are very different from civ, and the other factions are really unreliable, so that is a lot harder!there is just one thing that i dont really like, and that is that it is possible for the game to put an AI in with the faction you are playing, so there are two of the same factions in the game.VERY AWESOME! MUST HAVE WHEN YOU LIKE STRATEGY GAMES!"
,Recommended,289130,13849746,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,HazzaShark[D.R.F],I am am big fan of turn-based stratagy and this game is awsome as that it combines the feel of civilazation or age of wonders with an art style and a highly original fantasy world. The factions have interessting stories told through the medium of quests and each faction has a story to tell and a uniqe look to buildings and units. if you enjoy lots of lore in your game this game will give you lore galore. it also has a large world map that realy helps to immerse you in the world with creativly named map regions and natives to parley with or destroy. a game well worth buying for and turn based stratagy units.
76561198010104535,Recommended,289130,14083395,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,afroattack,"Endless Legend is an interesting 4X. It has alot of elements from their previous title Endless Space (Anomalies, Unit Customization, Approval Mechanic) just to name a few. However, the combat of the game is different and thats subjective really (I like it, but I haven't been in too many bigger battles) its alot less rock paper scissor's now though. Overall though, I like playing the game, the AI is more or less smart to what you expect, but they're pretty aggressive. I never had an AI help me or give me anything just mock me and go to war. But, it itches my (I want to play a 4X real quick) itch. Biggest thing to me that it has going for is how they incorporate the main quest into the game. Its basically a questline you have the option of following in the game or not.Overall, Endless Legend is a  good 4X that doesn't really take forever to complete, and is generally fun to play against AI. With no real campaign mode though I can see people not really caring for the game, but I like it!Pros+Not too lengthy+Familiar Interface (From Civ and Endless Space)+Individualizing Units and Heroes are possible+Alot harder to achieve a Military Victory than other 4X's (in my opinion atleast)+Race / Playstyle VarietyCons-Not really for beginners into the genre-Graphics look pretty, but bog the system down(an example is scrolling from the ""world view"" to ground level)-Not a 4X for low end systems(opinion)-Combat takes a bit getting used to, isn't strait foward(probally just me being an idiot though)-No actual events to really drive players to do certain things differently(like in endless space)-"
76561198020524762,Recommended,289130,14072302,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,VegetableThins,"I'm very new to the 4x genre and have only really played Fallen Enchantress. This game isn't like any other 4x I've looked into. The depth of the game and the simplicity of the layout make it very intreging. One big tip for anyone looking to go out of there boundries of what they like would be to have an open mind and lots of free time. Take your time, after all it is a turn-based game so choose your decisions wisely. This isn't CoD or LoL, so theres no need to see everything as a threat. Being passive and careful will get you just as far as whipping out every faction. If you still wish to wage tons of wars and battle, play the necrophages. If you want to passify the land, go for the Drakken. The diversity in this game is huge! Every race a different playing style, and a different victory type. All and all if your looking to building awesome cities, upgrade your units with awesome armor and weapons, conquer your enemies, make peace with the world, then put some time into this game. It won't let you down. just remember to have the patience for it and it WILL reward you."
76561198122564394,Recommended,289130,14076094,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Toxykink,"A new take on the tried and true 4x stategy Civilization game, I am satisfied every time I boot this up. I can't fully describe how much better the ui, combat, factions, and so many other things are than in Civ V. You should really check it out for yourself. This is not to say, however, that I think this superior to Civ in every way, and I will always live both to death."
,Recommended,289130,13534193,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,NickSProud,"Fantastic game. a bit hard to get into but so fun. I love it to bits.Also be sure to read the manual that comes with the game, right click the game and read manuel. Yes."
76561197977776604,Recommended,289130,13534263,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Aethops,I can't recommend this game enough. It expands well on some of the unique elements of Endless Space and it absolutely gorgeous.
76561198000120123,Recommended,289130,13535767,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jumbotron,"I can't stop playing. Dust is love, dust is life."
76561198000584753,Recommended,289130,13535870,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ascanius,"A very fresh take on 4X strategy games. If you love Civilization but are  looking for a game that takes bold risks in stepping out of the conventional framework of modern 4X games, then you shold play this game. Similar in style to its predecessor, Endless Space, but with a few gameplay changes that really make it stand-out."
76561198001744156,Recommended,289130,13536234,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Trey,"It takes a while to understand all of the game mechanics, but its pretty fun."
,Recommended,289130,13536617,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fallenoak,"This is a very fun game. I do enjoy how each race has different agendas and different ways to get to them. However, the only thing I do not like about this series is that the totorial does not explain things very well, and you must figure things out on your own. But once you do, this is a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,289130,13536623,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BigPopaGamer,"Absolutely love this game.  Amazing graphics and some new neat mechanics.  If you like Civ and Endless Space, you will love this game."
76561198032570194,Recommended,289130,13536651,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Happy little tree,GET IT. that is all.
76561197960839652,Recommended,289130,13536903,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,nephesh,"I don't usually write about my game purchases, but Endless Legend really impressed me; from the mechanics of gameplay to the great fantasy story, I was completely taken in and found myself loosing hours in the world of Auriga. I had bought this at the same time as Civ. Beond Earth and endend up barely touching BE. I know I am only a little over 12 hrs in, but with all the other games on sale,  it's been hard to dedicate my time solely to EL. Now, with Christmas time off, I will be spending a much more developing my new race and expanding their civilization to far reaches of Auriga. Must have purchase, if you like 4x games!!"
,Recommended,289130,13536948,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,atreiu_sg,Very good and engaging!!
,Recommended,289130,13539479,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jokergear,A beautifully crafted RPG-like 4X game.
,Recommended,289130,13539519,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,STV,"Ok - my pedigree - CIV (1-5), Anno, 4X space etc etc - you get the picture.First thoughts : 7 hours in (2 attempts) - this is HARD!It plays a like a cross between Endless Space (resource squares, heros) and CIV (cities, expansion) and hides some of the less desired limitations (trading is researched not micromangaged).But it is different to either of them.The UI has all the info you need, albeit, not at once.  In the city list, you can move your people to different jobs directly.Oh and you get 1 city per region.  The native tribes are in it for their own purposes - and whilst founding a city on a glacier seemed good (15 dye) - the long term cost of living on a tundra only becomes apprent later.The quests you get, add a new dimension, as does the ""long term plan"" which radically shapes you empire especially when the last plan cannot be maintained.Combat is tricky, not only do you have a standard hexagon battlefield, but height of the underlying terrain plays a huge part.  Infanry in adjacent hexes can be separated by impassible cliffs and I kick myself everytime I forget that during deployment.Research is different too - the more you advance, the harder it is to diversify.  The tree isn't a tree at all.  There are 6 circles of things to research, each circle unlocking when enough of the previous circle is researched. Each circle is divided into 4 sections and you can choose any combination of skills.  However, as you move up the circles, you start to realise what you have left behind skill wise and going back is expensive.    Also the AI has the same problem and when (if) you unlock the ability to trade - it can be a shock as to which Tech you have that the AI didn't bother with.And there is even time for a seasonal twist - in the words of G R R Martin - ""Winter is coming"" - and when it does, its effects can be devastating.""turn 170 - my ENTIRE army was wiped out because I lost all my income during a Winter that I hadn;t expected or planned for""As I say - this is a hard game to figure out, because for all it borrows (and enhances) from its 4x peers, it is its own game in its own right and its dynamics are a refreshing new twist."
,Recommended,289130,13539761,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,McTarkus,"Holy crap yes play this.  If you are a fan of fantasy, 4X gameplay, beautiful landscapes, blah blah blah, buy this.  My 9.8 hours currently on record don't seem like much, until I tell you I bought this game the day I wrote this review.  It sucks you in like Civilization, it makes you waste days like civilization, but it does it better.If you ever played a game of Civ and said ""Man,  I wish these factions actually looked different from each other,"" there you go, buy this. If you ever said, ""Gee-whillikers, these units are generic I wish I could customize them,"" yep, this game has that.  If you ever said, ""This sure is a bucket of fun, but it'd be great to feel like I had an impact on the world, along with some kind of overarching quest to accomplish, mysteries of ancient ruins and a sentient planet to solve, and a fantasy setting that artfully combines sci-fi with fantasy,"" you were being overly specific, but these are the reasons I will be spending actual months on this game, and so should you."
,Recommended,289130,13431674,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mad Doge,"This game is Beautiful. Its so gosh darn pretty!4x turnbased strategy game, that originally hooked me by looking strangly similar to Sid Meiers Civilization series. This isnt Civ in a fantasy world, this is soooooooo much more.Insainly attractive. Beautifully diverse Playable factions.  Upgradable hero system.At first terribly difficult, before I got into the groove.Ive barely begun. My excitment is Endless."
,Recommended,289130,13433093,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Lunar Howl,"Allow me to prelude this just a bit with some recent history on the topic of 4x games; 2014 had the much anticipated release of Sid's Beyond Earth, but it was a bit too lacking in innovation and the faction leaders were two-dimensional and dull, it was not anywhere near what was desirable for an Alpha Centauri successor. Then Endless Legend comes along, and shows us all how being a bit bold and playing with the 4x formula can be deeply rewarding. Following the FIDS model of Endless Space, it adds another aspect, Influence into the economic model, bumping it up to FIDSI status. There are quests, the art is gorgeous, the factions are all very flavorful and varied with well-crafted lore, city building is very strategic with expansions, you can queue research in a completely open ended tech web, there are hero units, and all units are customizable and upgradeable, the combat is reminiscent of Heroes of Might and Magic. Endless Legend is full of marvelously lovely charm.10/10 - Absolutely Fabulous"
,Recommended,289130,13434302,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Favorlock,"I have only been playing the game for a short while now, but I can already tell that this game is amazingly entertaining and well designed. I really appreciate the fact that the developers have put emphasis on story telling and hero progression."
76561198016917232,Recommended,289130,13436283,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Commander Something,"A great Turn based strategy that has a backstory that goes deeper than it appears. Using the already well built setting Endless Space, Endless Legend is a satisfying 4X game that actually allows you to steer away from the eXterminate portion that most 4X games end up being."
76561198063867655,Recommended,289130,13294018,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Caltriad,"Great game, innovative and fun. The Factions are all very unique, the city-region mechanic lends itself well to story-building, and all in all, the first game I've seen break the Civ mold since Civilization V dominated the market. Would love to see more done with water transit/tiles in the future, but that's what Games2Gether is for, right?"
76561198069991539,Recommended,289130,13213577,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Jack Burton,"""Endless Crashing""This game is great when it works, I have a high end PC that i maintain and keep very clean. It runs most games very well...(now that the patch is out for Far Cry 4 lol) but for some reason this game crashes all the time...i tried all the work arounds, they work at times then they crash, so i have played a bit and what i did play was very enjoyable.-Great Graphics-Excellent Music-Amazing Art work-Great Strategy"
76561198082684530,Recommended,289130,13570591,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kaukamieli,I love how factions are really different. One faction doesn't use food at all and has to work with money and another faction gets only the starting city...Beautiful game. Awesome graphics. Lovely rpg-elements. Heroes.
,Recommended,289130,22057320,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Vertigo,An all around well-made game. Lots of fun with a wide scale of difficulty. Also intriguing lore with rich visuals.
,Recommended,289130,22056162,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Philkrew,"Pretty great! Haven't really played many 4x's but this one is really fun. Really boring to learn though. Once you pick it up, the games are great!"
76561197970548005,Recommended,289130,22028800,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Reaperman,"If you like 4x4 games and enjoy long intimate times with your PC, this game is meant for you. Tons of customizability both races and in game, it will surprise you how detailed this game is and if you are an experienced strategy game player, I think you will rather enjoy it. Downside, it's long and has a ton of micromanagement, but if you are into it, then you were meant to buy this game. It's got great graphics, music and battle systems. Have fun."
,Recommended,289130,22079450,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,AG,Great game!
76561198000740964,Recommended,289130,22079451,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,[D.O.C] Ongo777,One bad♥♥♥♥♥Civilization V clone
76561198127604097,Recommended,289130,21849942,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Verskon,"Endless Legend is quite an interesting strategy turn based game. I have to admit, it's requirements can be annoying, especially when it crashes your game mid play. But that's only if you have a bad system, get a good one and you'll be safe.The game itself is fun and interesting, it has quite an ancient lore that links towards the previous games of the company. After all, it's one big universe.You guys know what a turn based strategy game is right? Civilizations, erm... Age of Empires? Forgive my lack of knowledge for I'm quite a poor beggar. But anyways, this game really puts the whole expand and conquer thing to view, show a single sign of weakness and the other empires may surpass you. There are certain victories to be obtained, such as Economic, Elimination, Diplomacy and my personal favorite, SUPREMACY!!!Oh, what's this game all about that makes it different from the others? Well, I'm not one to be listened to but the amount of races and tech gives this whole world a Warcraft feel to it and to each their own perks not to mention! One can teleport between cities, another turns citizens into lifestock for feasting, and one's a bunch of sneaky ninjas. (Trust me, you dont want to be allies with em)But yeah, Endless Legends. Fun game, go check it out!-Signed Verskon"
76561198137072970,Recommended,289130,21899034,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,synackd,"Very impressed with this game. If you like long epic RISK type games, you'll love this one and the graphics are cool. It's tailored to wharever play style you want, from laid back to major chain smokin stressed out, up to you. Buy this game."
,Recommended,289130,21939631,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,melk,Only a few hours in and im loving it. Bought this and Beyond Earth at around the same time. Havent even touched Beyond Earth yet.
76561198031754497,Recommended,289130,21934747,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Zenithir,"A creative fantasy turn-based strategy game. A little flat in the interaction and ability to conduct your people, but quite creative in the way the races enact their story and how the game culminates itself. In all, a fun play, particularly with friends, not something to rave over, but something many will likely appreciate."
,Recommended,289130,21833689,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,GrantleyDay,"Game is good - but they need an option to increase the animation speed - when its added, I will change my recommendation."
,Recommended,289130,21951099,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,PogoSeun,"Awesome game!! Has a bit of a learning curve, but fun once you get into it"
,Recommended,289130,22075099,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,dren,"A powerful contender to the title of ""Quintessential 4X Game"" that the Civ series has held for so long. Good beyond measure."
13376661337666133,Recommended,289130,21881747,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,MrWhite,gr8 game 8/8 lord gabe would sell again
,Recommended,289130,21949131,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Aesteron,"Very nice strategy game! It is like Civilization, but battle against enemies occurs in special territory, where two or more armies can fight! Also very nice fantasy plot!"
,Recommended,289130,21894393,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,lilygoatgruff,"This game has a steep learning curve, but I love its intricacies. A deeply enveloping world that satisfies your craving for something more thorough than Civ games."
,Recommended,289130,21892654,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Mustang,An absolutely excellent 4X with great design ideas and amazing execution
,Recommended,289130,22170468,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Homura,"This is a 4x game like Civilization - you know, turn based, build an empire, beat the other empires, win. However, it is medieval fantasy in theme. Overall it is a good game. UI is particularly swift and impressively designed. This is good in a game that relies on many menus. Most games like this usually don't care as much about menus. Not Endless Legend -- Endless LEgend has fantastic presentation. It makes a serious effort to be beautiful."
76561198029061243,Recommended,289130,22157498,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Xydrius,Whoever does the art for this game needs to do the art for every single game.
76561198011046495,Recommended,289130,22251034,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,smhmanyaa,love it.
76561198050313738,Recommended,289130,22280234,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Aegridor,"My favorite 4x game since its been out, great art work, great soundtrack, a must have if you like 4xgames"
,Recommended,289130,13885941,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Archy,"Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous gameBuy this instead of Civ: Beyond Earth, you may just thank me for it."
76561198072982656,Recommended,289130,13865206,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,virtari,"Great game! Use experience and ui are very smooths, and it didn't crash a single time. I prefer it over Civ 5."
76561198023507159,Recommended,289130,13911306,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,the.grognard,"This game is the love child of Civ-5 and Age of Wonder.  Like any good progeny it borrows heavily from both while retaining its own character and style,The blocky Win-8 type UI is my only detraction...I don't like it personally...but even the most beautiful have a few warts.If you love strategy 4X games you will love this game."
76561197970595465,Recommended,289130,13916462,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Papa Mazdamundi,"Incredible 4x game with absolutely stunning artwork. It manages to build on the foundation of previous 4x games without losing what make them fun, while still advancing the genres key concepts. A few technical issues, as well as some weak or missing features (like better AI) but Amplitude has been working quite admirably to fix them."
76561197972655851,Recommended,289130,13794531,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Blue Mango,"A visually stunning game with easy controls and good music. The game is not easy to learn and the tutorial doesnt cover all the factions and the diffrent things they can do that other cannot but you will probably get the hang of it after your second or third attempt, Also remember that a normal game is long, you wont be able to just jump in and have a quick match as a typical game probably takes about a two to 4 days in my experience.It's a great place to get lost in though and I highly reccomend it, get the 'Emperor pack' as you get more for only a slighly higher price.One very bad thing about the game is that it gets very glitchy about 100 turns into the game and then worse as it goes along, I'm sure they will fix this eventually but until they do I reccomend you buy it on sale."
76561197970634680,Recommended,289130,13904722,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Lukeovich,"In a year full of disappointing releases this title stands out as one that deserves all the praise it has received. The graphics are gorgeous, the factions have distinct looks and playstyles, and (perhaps most importantly) the UI needs very little explanation. Even someone who has little to no experience with 4X games (such as myself) can understand the game in the first session. This smaller developer has created a game that manages to outshine the efforts of big-budget developers while avoiding many of the more frustrating elements that can plague the genre."
76561198014591492,Recommended,289130,13905187,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,merlinbeake,"Disclaimer: I haven't finished a game yet.Wow. I mean, just wow. Trust those crazy French guys huh. The ambition of this game is just jaw-dropping. As someone who's been playing strategy games a _long_ time, I didn't expect to see so many changes to the Civilization style 4X format which just work. How do you stop city spam as a strategy? Only allow one city per map region. It just seems ridiculously simple when you put it like that, but game designers have been mucking around with global unrest etc. for years and never really got to the heart of the problem, which is too many cities. Here, they just limit the number of cities per region to one. Job done. Diplomacy: how do you make a cost for declaring war, or stop a player stealing all a losing faction's technology before they kill them? Simple: every diplomatic action requires Influence points, and those Influence points can be used for other things (notably an ""Empire plan"", which gives faction wide bonuses in various areas). You almost certainly can't steal all their technology just before you kill them, because you don't have enough Influence points. It works really well, and allows additional logical actions such as ""Compliment"" (makes them like you more and reduces the cost of positive actions) and ""Warning"" (moves you closer to war and reduces the cost of negative actions).The artwork is frankly amazing. I just don't expect this level of artwork from a strategy game, certainly not from an independent designer. To be honest the map can be so busy it makes my eyes hurt, especially if you need to have the resource numbers displayed for some reason, but the artwork for the various map features is just beautiful.The factions, ah the factions. I have never seen a list of eight factions which are so genuinely utterly different in their gameplay. One faction cannot declar war but can move its cities. One faction is forced to only have one city but can upgrade that city further than other factions and gets various benefits when razing enemy cities. One faction ignores food and gets a bonus for Dust production (the money of the game) but needs to use Dust to build population. One faction gets science bonuses and gets to nominate a resource which if it is consuming it gets various benefits, e.g. teleportation between cities. One faction gets less food and cannot make alliances, but gets cheap units and various benefits from killing units (friendly or enemy). One faction gets relatively few bonuses but can impose alliances on other factions.Can you begin to see the strategic possibilities yet? I certainly can. Every faction will play almost completely differently. And every single faction has a well-written ""main quest"" to provide some focus as you play through the game.There are also minor faction villages dotted through each region, which spawn roaming armies, and can be interacted with to provide quests to pacify them (or you can just kill or bribe them). If you ""assimilate"" a particular minor faction, you can now build units of its type, as well as getting a faction wide bonus to science or life points or building time etc. etc. In my current game I was lucky enough to start next to some Kazanji who I have assimilated, and they give me ""Daemon"" units, which are every bit as worth having as they sound.I haven't even talked about Winter yet, where movement is halved and production is greatly reduced. You know roughly how long each season will last, but not precisely, so that means making some calculations (particularly when declaring war) about whether you want to declare war now or wait until you can be sure you will have a long enough summer to take the cities you're targeting.Is the game perfect? No. Even with a tutorial, a large manual and a Wiki I still struggled to understand certain concepts. Sieges and fortification points spring to mind. Web searches and a certain amount of trial and error have generally cleared up those points though. Tactical combat is not particularly inspired. The most interesting idea is that you actually fight on the terrain from the global map. This can create some mildly interesting possibilities with bottlenecks, forests (give defence bonuses) and high ground (give attack bonuses). I have to say I think Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes does this better. Sieges are a bit of a letdown, basically you get some extra hitpoints and some attack and defence bonuses. My other slight concern is that there are so many strategic possibilities, how good is the AI going to be at understanding how they all interact? I'm playing my first game on Normal difficulty, and although the AI seems ok so far, I do seem to be a long way ahead of every other faction at what I guess is roughly the midpoint of the game. I'm used to playing strategy games on higher difficulty levels, and AI is frequently improved after release as the game designers get feedback from players, so this isn't necessarily a huge problem.Would I recommend buying this game? Hell yes. I can't remember a game which blew me away with its level of ambition like this, and makes so many design choices which just work."
76561198048866955,Recommended,289130,13832067,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Cmdr. Harrington,"I love this game. It's as addicting as Civ 5 with all the expansion packs, has a huge quantitiy of quality lore, the modifying your units and faction feature is great, and the soundtrack is the best I've heard since I Transistor's.However, there is one problem. The game crashes at random intervals. It's only slightly annoying, since it auto-saves the last three turns, then deletes what would've the 4'th, but I thought  should put that out there."
,Recommended,289130,13832982,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Alex Terrible,I recommend this game!!!Pros: Good gameCons:....Doesnt have rice in the game12/10
,Recommended,289130,13836205,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Astevon,"I have over 500 hours in Civ 5 (all expansions) and done every achievement in Beyond Earth and Endless space (my rarest ones), yet I feel that Endless Legend has found a formula that somehow surpasses all of these games. It innovates successfully in many areas, I particularly like the new combat system which neatly combines RPG elements and map elevations for lots of tactical options. I also feel the region system and city building works great, along with all the different major and minor factions.There are a few issues, but being only a few months old and still standing up to all of Civilization with all those expansions and iterations is no minor feat. I can highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,289130,13836554,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MajorTomG,Out Civs Civ! This is one of the best 4X games I've played. I'll be sinking hours and hours in this one.
,Recommended,289130,13836595,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Vincent,"Clunky interface mars an interesting fantasy-version of Civilization (or a modern version of Master of Magic, if you prefer that comparison).Frustrating, but not due to difficulty."
76561198045748303,Recommended,289130,14449974,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Septhexpenquatriduomon,"This game is really ♥♥♥♥ing confusing.I beat it two times on the easiest difficulty and I'm still figuring out WTF I'm doing. It's also worth pointing out this is the first 4x game I've every played. Like, in my entire life.Despite it being confusing for someone like me, I'm pretty sure this is a good game. Not that you would ever trust me; a guy with 10 hours of experience in these types of games. That's like... not even a day.I'm still going to recommend it though. Because it is fun to play... Despite me not knowing what is happening half the time. I think that's good.Seriously though. ME recommending this game means it's worth your time."
,Recommended,289130,14398281,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Biggyboy,"A very well done 4X TBS that I now play much more often than Civ.Pros: Beautiful, original, mind-challenging, stable multiplayer (come on Civ, get on that)Cons: Kinda laggy on my current computer, even at lowest settings, a couple multiplayer bugs here and there, and a rather steep learning curve (Everyone I know who plays this game had well over 20 hours of independant playtime before any of us realized there was a way to level up city centers).Summary, get it and play with me :~)"
,Recommended,289130,14399040,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Bear,Very good!
,Recommended,289130,14405903,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,RostTech,"Endless Legend is one of those games with the feel that the developers really have put effort, thought, and creativity into it. This game is beatiful, fun and has many interesting ideas.Being in this world, building your empire, feels like being in the world of Magic: The Gathering or some other fantasy world.Each ""anomaly"" (luxury resource for any civ players) feels unique and interesting.The character customization is great and make each unit feel unique, allowing you to come up with advanced combat strategies.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy games, and if you are able to get it on a sale, it is definitely worth your time and money."
76561198138853861,Recommended,289130,14423074,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Rajauskas53,"I bought this game because it matched if not exceeded the recomended requirements for Mac but gameplay is laggy and shir its unbearable. So upset that i wasted $40. If it works on your computer, than its a fantastic game."
,Recommended,289130,14425222,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,amundebashi12,Well Designed game well worth its price for so much content. Easily the best game I played in yearrs.Pros-dynamic scenary-well developed technolgy systm- a real 4x strategy game-unique faction makes for high replayabilityCons-battles get repetetive
76561198045133849,Recommended,289130,14441598,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,BarneyRound,"I dabbled with it in early access, but it felt really incomplete.  However, what was there was impressive.  Now, though...  this game stands on the shoulders of Endless Space to be one of, if not the best turn-based 4X I've ever played.  The only negative I can think of is the combat.  But, if I want combat, I'll go play Total War.  This game's resource management, diplomacy, and overall aesthetic just blows my mind.  Took me about 8 hours to fully grasp everything, but then, I did not play a single tutorial.Time-melter/1010 hours in a single day.  Haven't done that in a long time."
,Recommended,289130,14442509,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,indifferencejim,"As someone who has never really been into 4X turn-based games, I was surprised by how much I enjoyed this. The factions are all unique and fun to play, except the Broken Lords, whom I'm convinced got nerfed to oblivion. That, or I'm just bad at this game....more likely the latter, but hey, shut up.The game is visually stunning, and the music is great. Overall I feel like it just had fantastic direction, and with devs that enjoy working with the community, I couldn't be happier to give them money.In the late game, my framerate does chug a little when zooming in from the map view to more detailed close-ups, in spite of having quite a powerful custom rig; It's a tiny bit annoying, but nothing deal-breaking.Unfortunately, you may struggle to get it up and running for the first time if you're using a 64-bit Windows system. Personally, I had to switch the game to 32-bit compatibility to get it to run, but I don't think you can assume that the same would definitely work in every case. You might want to be prepared for the possibility that the game may not even run at all, or that it would take a long time troubleshooting before it does. From what I've read, it's not a widespread problem, but it does afflict a small portion of buyers.Definite recommendation from me if you're a strategy gamer, if you're willing to take the small risk of the game not working."
,Recommended,289130,13675761,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,uwon,"Winter is comingI don't really write many reviews. But I've been playing this game recently for such long periods while neglecting normal activities of daily living that I figure this game warrants a review. It's hard to write a review on Endless Legend without comparing to another, larger, more well-known 4x strategy game. But as we all know from browsing Facebook for too long, comparison is the root of evil and a source of unhappiness. So I'll try to talk about this game on its own merits, at least at first.Aesthetics, UI, musicThis game is pretty. Not omgCRYSIS pretty, but it has its own style and sticks to it with great success. Tiles and strategic resources look unique and are easy to distinguish even when you turn off the grid that shows the numerical value on each hexagon. Units are easy to tell apart and are quite different from one faction to another, as are each faction's cities. The aesthetics are perfect for a 4x game.The UI is so clean. Everything is where you want it to be--stuff I use all the time is prominent, functional toggles I use sometimes are less prominent. Instead of hunting for the ""X"" to close a management screen, a simple right click will close any management screen and return you to the gameplay map. Like, seriously, can this be standard on all 4x games from now on? Please? It's like that time I found out that O'Hare airport had toilets that automatically put a disposable seat cover on, and suddenly all other public toilets were inferior. We have the technology, so let's use it already.I personally really enjoy the music in Endless Legend. It's instrumental, but not classical. It fits the genre quite well. I usually put on Spotify in the background when I play games, but I actually find myself turning my own music off when I play Endless Legend.Gameplay: overviewWhile each faction in Endless Legend has their own quirks and variations on basic gameplay that would take a long time to describe and give out some spoilers, they all share some common gameplay elements. Endless Legend will allow you to have hero units that can boost the power of your armies or efficiency of your cities, and each faction will come with its own quest line with nice rewards should you choose to complete them. Random ancient ruins across the map will have the chance of rewarding you with some gold, strategic or luxury resources, or start a side quest which may or may not end in an epic item for your hero to equip. And yes, this game does offer 2 different seasons. With the coming of winter, you will suffer production in your cities, and lose vision and movement.Gameplay: city and resource managementCity management is a bit interesting in that the map is pre-divided into multiple regions. You can only place one city in each region. You can, however, build your city outwards to take advantage of more and more of the region's resources and tiles. So while you can't have more than one city in a region, you can technically build your city to cover every single tile in that region, which is pretty sweet. Within cities, you can shift citizens to work on collecting different resources--food, production, science, etc. Pretty standard 4x.Each region will also feature at least one minor faction that you can choose to pacify. You'll then be able to assimilate them into your empire, which will give you boost to various aspects of gameplay (eg, more efficient resource gathering, greater army damage, greater army initiative, more empire contentment, etc). You also have the option of talking with the minor factions, who may send you on a side mission that will result on their pacification plus random rewards.Gameplay: techTechnologies are researched sequentially and are grouped into ages. You'll have the option of queue up what you want to research, so it's possible to spend a few minutes at the beginning of the game picking stuff you want, and not worrying about research for a long time. The faction quest line and side quests will sometimes grant you random technologies as well, some of which are not listed on the research page. In one of my games, a rather difficult side quest granted me an unlisted weapons upgrade that then allowed my army to demolish anything in my way.Gameplay: battlesEndless legent has a refreshingly tactical battle mechanic. When you engage neutral minor faction armies or enemy faction armies, your army and the opposing army fight right on the battle field. So it can be a tactical advantage to approach from high ground if you have archers in your army, or try to find a bottleneck if you are outnumbered. Cliffs and terrain are truly three dimensional in that cliffs have ramps that lead to otherwise impassable overlooks, and these offer even more options for the discerning tactician. Coupled with the winter season and the fact that some abilties and units can nullify the movement penalty of winter, you can plan deadly assaults on a crippled enemy army.While each faction has only 3 unit types, you have the option to modify each base model with equipment to fit specific roles. So while you may not have an ""anti-air"" unit, you can equip your archers with bows that deal bonus damage to flying units.Gameplay: diplomacyCaveat: I've not played the multiplayer, but I'll say that the diplomacy with the AI seems to work fairly well. The computer will usually want a deal that is lopsided to their favor, but at least there is an indicator bar that gives you an idea of whether the AI will accept the deal or not. The AI will show reasons why they like or dislike you, which can give you an edge in negotiations. The AI itself is not that great at the whole fighting thing. A few good tech decisions will get you an army that makes the AI ""terrified.""Final thoughts:Playing this is a bit like what you'd expect from a well polished 4x, except the combat, hero management, questing, and unit modification feels like an RPG. And here is where I think Endless Legend differentiates itself from other 4x games. It gives you the choice of how you want to play. You can blow off the quests and just make awesome cities. Or you can go loot all the ancient ruins and focus on leveling your heroes and questing. And each method will reward you.There are a few gripes I have with the game, namely: the AI could use some work, and some of the factions could use some balancing. On the whole, though, I think this 4x has really made itself a hidden gem of a 4x game that can take any big, triple A title, and who isn't afraid to innovate the 4x genre.9/10 Very complete game even without any DLCs. A few gripes here and there that are easily overlooked while you forget to pee while playing this game."
76561197976316363,Recommended,289130,13676525,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Q.E.D. MF,Excellent rethinking of the civilization formula. The factions have a wider diversity promoting different play styles and the combat has been reworked to feel more like tactical battles.
,Recommended,289130,13676811,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,voxcell,Addictive in exactly the same way as Civ 5.
76561197978699072,Recommended,289130,13649482,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tiosan,"This game is everything I've been wanting from a 4X since Civ4.  The unit design options, the diplomacy resource, the empire plan choices, the Heroes; it all comes together in a Dust-fueled alchemy that leaves my particular itch very much scratched!"
76561198056252554,Recommended,289130,13649835,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,kcoutlaw92,The game is great. Until it crashes on you hours through without saving.................
,Recommended,289130,13168094,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DiiVox,"This is a really cool game and definitely the crown jewel of my last 20 or so purchases. Each race has a unique victory condition and is really personalized and interesting, and  the game world is gorgeous filled with unique concepts and cool mechanics that make each game a joy. I really can't recommend it enough. The combat is a little weak, most of the time I just auto resolve it, but I really enjoy the variety and the deep empire management. Beyond Earh could learn a lot from how this game handles it's 4x. I love the research approach and I love the city micro."
76561197998931656,Recommended,289130,13652748,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Big Bill,"This is probably the best 20 bucks i have ever spent on a game. The 17 hours i have logged was my first game and i played it in one sitting. It is actualy chalenging and i would have probaly lost if i had not had a good bit of exsperience playing other rts games. This game has a civ five feel with the customazation of endless space, there is also a total war feel to the game with the way you garrason your units and the way your economy works. The races are great but i made my own custom faction right off the git go. Winter is a ♥♥♥♥♥ thats all i have to say. This is by far the most indepth rts i have played other than crusader kings two. I was going to buy this or the new civ im glad i made the right choice."
76561198050408276,Recommended,289130,13654654,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,brejonet,"If your into fantasy strategy games, this one is well worth a look. It has unique factions that vary in play style and once you choose a faction you can configure your strategy to create custom units and armies based on conquest, research and resources. The game is highly configurable. Also different paths to victory are available. The game used to crash on me occasionally but I haven't had a crash since I reinstalled Windows."
76561197991593085,Recommended,289130,13656359,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Fiachna,"A wonderfully fresh take on the civilization style 4X genre combined with stunning graphical style and beautiful music, an absolute must have for fans of the genre"
,Recommended,289130,13659705,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,FrownedOut,"As a huge fan of the Civ series, I love EL both for its similarities and differences. One of the most beautiful looking games I've played with so much depth both in terms of gameplay and lore."
76561198012823835,Recommended,289130,13659923,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hellfire,Best 4x game that I have played in a long time!
,Recommended,289130,13660340,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Urf,"Before I begin, let it be known, that there are two things I am known for. I am known for not wearing pants, in most situations, and also for not writing video game reviews.That being said, I had to put pants on to write this game review.10/10 OverallStrategy, role playing, questing, big worlds, heroes, villains, lead an empire! Enter a world of mystery, magic, beauty and chaos. Lead your civilization, command armies, level things up! Yes things!Get legendary armor and weapons, and trinkets too. The music was supringly fantastic! It comes and goes like it is part of the world you are in. There are great things in all games. With time, you can appreciate the complexities of this uniquely crafted multiplayer/singleplayer game.Cons:Little buggy here and there, only one game crashed.City Auto AI seems virtually useless, it's better to change a few things yourself every turns. It tends to place workforce distribution all in one category.I am overwhelmed by this game.I will describe the what I felt, actually playing :)My turn begins, I am given command remnants of a great dragon race. I see before me a hero, two soldiers, and a settler. I find a spot I deem fit, and set up a colony. After checking everything I can, I set research plans, workforce distribution to better suit the needs of my people. Food, tax, science, production, influence, I felt the power of running a civilization. After setting things on cruise control, I set out with my hero, and two minions. I discovered minor factions, and they offered to join me if I destroyed a vile enemy!Quest : ""It's time to kick♥♥♥♥♥and chew bubble gum."" Accepted! I quickly charged into the ruins this enemy lie, only to discover........The game's combat system is awesome! In a face off, the hero unit I had, broke down into every unit within for my command. After both sides chose deployment, we face off in a series of turns. Each unit and hero has unique abilities and uses, support, offensive, defensive, you name it. You can set combat to auto, if you wish to let your superior armies do their own work and quickly resume the rest of your turn almost instantly. You can even let your armies fight their own battles, and spectate it as it unfolds!The battle was not even won! I survived, and kept both of my soldiers alive. We pursued and destroyed, leveling up my hero and soliders! We return triumphant, with their towns part of my kingdom. I set my hero on auto scout, and came back to my people. I then learned I could upgrade my hero and units, and even design my own units!After buildng a few things I went back to managing my hero scouting party. I quickly realized the fluidity of the turns, and how easy it was to bounce around from playing hero, to managing an empire. I zoomed out a bit, till the map changed to a cartoonish, board game style map, very easy to see, and fun to view! I saw the nearby scouted out realms, unclaimed by any races, and decided to expand! As the game progressed, I ran into the other races, and quickly chose a peaceful stance with all I could. Trades were set up, deals were made. The world, seemed to be a safe place! I scoured the region, bringing in villages to each new city. Drakken cheered my name from cloud to cavern.Peace... was an illusion. A shadow to blind me of the true nature of my enemies. The mages betrayed me! I was so focused on this peaceful path, of expansion, research and trade, I did not see this coming...War... War had come to my kingdom. In the distance I saw a mage, leading an army. She walked along my borders, as if taunting me. I quickly felt unprepared... I glanced at my hero, and his two elite soldiers. We had strength, and experience, but I knew she had numbers. I could see her army outnumbered my entire civilization's defense.I charged into battle, and as I closed in on her, sure that victory would be on my side, confident in the strength of my few. As my vision expanded into the horizon, I realized that this was no army. This was the scouting party.We uh, we didn't make it. Sorry Dragon peeps.I quickly look down in shame and as I quit the game, I realized I can just start a new one! Brb!"
,Recommended,289130,13663368,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Captain Oscar,Great experience and ambience overall.Fantastic UI as well.Nice mix of SF and Fantasy elements.Uses the same engine as Endless Space so if you know that shouldn't be too hard to get into.
,Recommended,289130,13664032,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,meckronos,Played a lot of Civ before. Endless Legend feels like a fresh approach of the 4X formula. Interesting factions. Beautiful beautiful graphics. Fantastic UI (Right click as back button! Useful!) even if a bit too clean. Beware if playing on a 32 bit system though. Game's really RAM intensive. Play small maps or face crashes frequently.
,Recommended,289130,13666978,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fodder,An excellent evolution of the genre. The true prize is the distinctiveness of each faction and the quality of their stories.
76561198028900795,Recommended,289130,13165412,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,FarrowsHarrows,Well made game with goodgraphics. Nice backround music. Interesting backstories for all races. Very interesting worth the cost to play
76561198000610693,Recommended,289130,13166019,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lyrinoir,"More so than anything I've played recently, Endless Legend scratches an itch for a 'different' 4X experience.  From the robust questing mechanics, to Amplitude’s unique take on city management and expansion, there are enough interesting and fresh mechanics here to intrigue even the most jaded 4X player and a lot more besides.Highlights includes the combat system and unit manager, which improve heavily on the highly numeric ‘rock-paper-scissors’ feel of the Endless Space system, while retaining the detail-oriented feel.  With control over unit equipment, passive abilities and even attack style, Legend offers a strategy-heavy, crunchy combat experience, where unit massing is rewarded, but not as much as having the right equipment to take down the specific foes you are fighting.  The difference between frontline bruiser units and backline snipers or support mages is visceral, visual and satisfying, as are the battlefield system and reinforcement mechanics.Quests feel important and motivated by discovery rather than by necessity.  While some rewards are underwhelming, like the unique weapons and armors for Hero units, others are vital to good game progression.  The ability to unlock research, acquire significant strategic resources, or new unit types make the questing process much more important to mid and late phase gameplay.Cities also feel more responsive, with specialist-like production direction from the very first citizen and a growth mechanic that rewards different expansion styles in different ways.  Need a manufactory?  Expand to occupy as many hexes as possible.  Need a scientific hub?  Focus on building a tight cluster of a city with as many level 2 districts as possible.  Automatic roads, no workers and tile exploitations make broader city management easier and less micromanagement focused, leaving you with the time and focus to plan expansions and manage larger armies.The starting factions also provide a huge boost in replayability.  The unique faction traits, as well as units and technologies, lend themselves to dramatically different playstyles.  In contrast to more Civ-like games where strategy is determined more by game-level mechanics and your starting position, each Legend faction has obviously more viable strategies and approaches to the victory conditions.  On the flip side, the factions don’t feel truly balanced.  The differences in starting units alone bias the game early on before players have had an opportunity to research effective counter units.  Some races are even locked out of whole aspects of the game.  Necrophages can’t engage in diplomacy, the Broken Lords don’t interact with food and the Cultists can’t build cities.  While major deficiencies are ostensibly balanced by other advantages, the lack of faction balance discourages diverse multiplayer, while simultaneously boosting single player variability.While all the differences and new system mechanics can seem overwhelming, the key to Endless Legend’s success are the myriad little and big differences.  It’s an extremely enjoyable foray into new spaces in the 4X genre."
,Recommended,289130,13166803,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,JohnAbis,"This is a pretty damn good game :DJust might be a little difficult for newcomers in 4X type of games...But, nothing that reading the factions traits as already stated, can't do.Exploring and reading you can learn anything and everything of the game.Anyway...If you like Strategy Games...then BUY THIS ONE, NOW !!!! :D"
76561197981052807,Recommended,289130,13169657,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SpardaKnight,not the biggest fan of 4x games but this one is not a disapointment.
,Recommended,289130,13171168,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,The Mainland Man,"Dont think of this game like Civ 5 or anything like it. This game is unique exept for the fact it plays similarly to endless space (same company made them). This game is for people who find that Civ didn't have enough micro managing and wanted something with a harder pace of play. This is played on a hexigonal grid with different levels for the blocks (whoah 3d!) each block having different advantages and disavantages. If you settle in a place with terrible production but great food you can put ""citizens"" into the work catagory rather than food. This game has a twist though, by adding winter into the game that gaint stock pile of gold or dust as they call it here can suddenly vanish as you cry because you didn't focus on economy. this game recieves a (8/10) for a semi-original idea that makes the game harder to play."
,Recommended,289130,19855970,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Moh.,"wonderful game , great time spent until now , but it needs more races and the fight mechanisms need some revising .."
76561197994897424,Recommended,289130,19859571,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The Church of Flarisu,I bought this expecting a fantasy themed 4X game and I was quite impressed.The way the winter season is implemented me was different enough to really change how I thought about a mindless 4X game and each race was fundamentally different in how they're played both in the quests they give you as well as how their units and buildings interact with the map. This is a fantastic game with respect to replayability and I am happy with my purchase.I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a 4X game that wants something different enough from a Civ franchise game to make it stand out.
76561198004946585,Recommended,289130,19853696,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,darsabre,"This game is one of the best 4xes I've ever played.the factions are all fun to play, and have vastly different experiences of play, as well the faction customization options allows for the creation of a massive number of other possible play experiences."
76561198079395752,Recommended,289130,20119862,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,I'm sorry I made you sad Dad.,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cool, even better with friends. AI are funny too, ""Bla bla bla compliment"", 8 turns later, ""Cold War has made you foolish- Declaration of War."" Proceed to wipe the Cultists off the face of Auriga and excel in trade because the Roving Clans are the best faction.10/10 would commit genocide again9/10 genocide simulator can be slighlty difficult"
76561198001732895,Recommended,289130,20249329,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hurf Derfman,"Fantastic art direction. Not as complex as say Civ5, but more fun and has a very nice art and story presentation. A really really solid 4x. Great with friends or at a lan. The AI is  tad on the derp side when you play solo however."
,Recommended,289130,20272704,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Matt Norris,"This will be a rolling review as I play more.  I'll just start this one out by saying this:If you have a shred of enjoyment in you, when it comes to strategy games, you are going to want to check out Endless Legend.  The graphics are nice.  The gameplay is great.From the tutorial only I can state that this one has a good amount of depth on everything from hero characters to military units to possible research paths.  More to come as I play the game more."
76561198021913126,Recommended,289130,20473436,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Neverswatafly,"A great game, even if marred by sub-par AI."
76561198004950125,Recommended,289130,20527624,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sayaprayer,"I support this game; outstanding. Each faction is interesting in it's own way and the fantasy 4x gameplay is unique. I enjoy the fact your city takes control of an entire region, like a real country or state, instead of only a portion of the map. Graphics quality is superb, highly recommended."
76561197988354617,Recommended,289130,20475730,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Rox,"Great game, good blend of micro and macro based strategy."
,Recommended,289130,20442190,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Scribbles,Do you like Civ 5 or are you waiting Civ : Beyond Earth to actully get good well this the game for you!
,Recommended,289130,20459147,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Bob Tango,"Think of ""Sid Meirs Civilization 5"", but with abit of RPG elements in for some extra flavor. There are multiple Races/Factions you can choose from, as well as the option to create a custom faction using traits from the default Faction. Their is also a quest system you can participate in to unlock extra currency or even items for your faction's hero unit. Which brings me to the hero units. Each faction starts with 1 starting hero at the start of the game, with the option to buy more. You can equip these heros with items your faction makes, or with quest loot, which can either boost thier attack power, or give them resource generation bonuses so you can assign them to one of your citys as a govenor. I would recommened this game to almost any fan of turn based RTS games."
,Recommended,289130,20460492,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Sleek Weezles,"Easy to learn 4x (easy relative to other 4x at least), looks great for this type of game...good stuff :D Multiplayer kinks, but hopefully that'll get worked out."
,Recommended,289130,20705317,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Yomatius,"I got the Endless Legend game on a whim on a Steam Sale and I was (and am) impressed. Great art, great lore, and nice depth of gameplay and variety.  The devs are also very active and open to suggestions and interaction with the community. A better Civ V in my opinion, and you get to scratch the 4x fantasy itch."
,Recommended,289130,20703286,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ANTFKBA™,If you like 4x games you gonna love this one. boro pls
,Recommended,289130,20677131,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,EDEKA,good gamebest 4X in alien planet
,Recommended,289130,20677300,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Argon,"Easy to learn 4x game, with a good amount of factions, which all play rather differently.In my opinion a better game than Civ5."
,Recommended,289130,20688979,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Soliel,"Great game, Alot of fun playing with the quests and just the ambiance of it is nice."
,Recommended,289130,20691490,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Chilicide,Started a game after finally learning the tutorialPlayed for hours building up my cityPeople were happy and money was goodWatch as other factions fall to a warlike factionLose without ever leaving my borders10/10 Would cry to sleep again
76561198088312779,Recommended,289130,20594525,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Ghoti,"Endless Legend is the most fun and engaging 4X game I have played to date (and I've played a lot of Civ 5).It's high class fantasy setting, unique city building mechanics, enthralling combat system and victory condition variety really seal the deal for me - whatever I'm doing in the game, I always feel like I'm working towards something great.If you're a fan of CiV and fantasy games, you'll love endless legend.I've done let's plays of this game on my channel. If you're a noob like me and want to see a noob go from terrible to low average in this game, my videos may be of amusement:Vaulters Let's PlayCultists Let's PlayDrakken Let's PlayRoving Clans Let's PlayThe Forgotten Let's Play"
76561198062443929,Recommended,289130,20575471,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The Warlock,"This is a must have for any 4x fan and I consider this game to be one of the Best in the genre. All of the factions feel unique and add replayability to the game, The different Victory conditions feel mostly balanced with the exception of diplomatic and Economic those are oftern unresonable to acheive (try saving up 7 million gold before another faction wins). The DLC is what I consider to be proper DLC none of this extra maps♥♥♥♥♥♥ they add new factions and game mechanics as well as Wonders which any Civ player will agree is great. The world builder is very good and can create some truly amzing game worlds to play in. The Graphics are amazing and it really makes you love the game that much more. However the game can get stale after you have played it for a while (as with any game) and i feel as if there is some major imbalances. Most notably with the Cultists and the Necrophages. The Necros are far too powerful militarily and can win the game very early on, this would be fine if they were just like attila from Civ 5 but they remain powerful throught the entire game and you can't beat them without outnumbering and outgearing them by several eras. The Cultist faction is Unbalanced for different reasons, they are the only faction that can actually make use of the games wonders as they are the only faction that can get buildings to level 3, as a rsult in the mid game they can have very high centralised science and production while maintaining a very strong military and economy.Overall This Game is Amazing and i would reccommend this to any fan of strategy games."
76561197995398134,Recommended,289130,13921044,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Administrative,"If you like Civilization or Age of Wonders, you will love Endless Legend."
,Recommended,289130,13921262,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,trepnick,"Fantastic game. Plays very similar to other turn based strategy with a few compelling differences. The combat system is exciting, the unit customization is very cool giving you options without overwhelming you the way a game like galciv sometimes does.10/10"
,Recommended,289130,13926569,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ToothbrushTime,"This is basically high fantasy Civ with less AI interaction and more in-depth customization of your own empire and army. Occasionally, after playing for long periods, the game will crash. However, it autosaves every game you play to 4 saves (which you can edit) and this becomes a godsend more than anything because it frees me from the game after playing for an entire day. 10/10."
76561198024920171,Recommended,289130,13786378,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Brakkish,"Brilliant fantasy 4X game! Easily my second favorite in the genre (behind Civilization). The quest system and heroes are great. The empire building is very well designed. A great variety of factions. This game is deep, challenging and a lot of fun. Beautiful graphics as well. Highly recommended for strategy gaming fans."
76561198024556275,Recommended,289130,13931982,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Señor Jangles,"i've gotta say that i love every part of this game, it takes a little work to figure out how to do some things but once you do the game is a ton of fun to play , and also its pretty as♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198025413782,Recommended,289130,13337899,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Your Pal Nixon,So I picked this game thinking it looked pretty cool. I was wrong. THIS GAME IS FREAKING AMAZING! It is just a superbly fun time to play one of the unigue factions all of which are special in their own way. The UI is nice making sure you can see what you need to with just a click or two. Combat is nice. I quite like it better then Civ combat which although strategy is involved and you can really plan it out it really is just sort of bashing to units against each other (kinda the same here but with stuff like life-steal and other fun treats). So all in all this is a game I highly recommend to any fan of 4X titles.
76561198075448829,Recommended,289130,13370950,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Djamrock,In short: Very nice game if you are interested in the 4x type games like Heroes of Might and Magic 3 or Civilization 5.Personally i love the tactical desiscions you will have to make to win. Really a game where you will need to think and not just rage through it.I bought it in sale but the game has a good value. Every faction has a really different playstyle plus you can create your own faction ! Awesome !
,Recommended,289130,14056537,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Kaiser Gagius,"First of all, unless you are a fan of Civilization-like games, I do NOT recommend this game. IT is a  good game, nice mpa, great background story, a lot of depth to the game, althoug it is incredibly complex and needs special attention, unless you are reccuring to a wiki, play the tutorial, the only downside is combat, it is the single worst turn-based combat I have ever seen, I do not like turn-based combat, so i grade turn-based with 7 at max, and this game is 2/7 in combat. Overall I´d give it 8/10"
,Recommended,289130,14062641,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Laurgo,Very In-Depth Civ style stratey game.
,Recommended,289130,13932971,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,xToad36x,"Simply the best 4X on steam, nothing compares to the gamplay driven narrative, in-depth tactics, and functional diplomatic systems. Get this first before other 4X games: you'll be using this as a benchmark."
,Recommended,289130,13933861,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Del,"Great 4X game. Very enjoyable .. at least to begin with.Pros:Faction diversity, different units, some unique technologies and backgroundsMinor Factions (like Civ barbarians but slightly more useful for their unique units)Tech levels make for finding your own path through it possibleCommodities, units and heroes market can be very usefulInterface is great and well thought out.Cons:Endless Legends descends into Endless winter... NOT fun. This kills economies of both the player and the AI, leaving them having to sell armies etc.Siege mechanic is an afterthoughtCities are easily captured and not easily defended.Game crashes far too muchI would only recommend this game if the developers do actually make the endless winter thing an optional setting. As it stands at first you will love this game but after playing it through will likely be turned off by the molasses (in winter) slow endgame."
76561197994316625,Recommended,289130,13935586,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,bobkytten,"I really enjoyed this game. As a fantasy 4X, it's got a lot of competition, but this one is my favorite. The empire factions are diverse and interesting, and the use of city regions helps to regulate expansion spread. Combat can be a little bit frustrating, though. When battle begins, gameplay moves to a turn-based map. The player assigns targets and general orders (aggressive, defensive, or stand-ground), but then the units move on their own - often moving into disadvantageous positions. Still, it's usually something you can work with."
,Recommended,289130,13936519,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Gertwor,"Incredibly fun, Innovative, Intelligent, Impressive. I was not expecting a game this good. 10/10"
,Recommended,289130,13937061,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,breendo,like civilization but cooler. 9/10
76561198030897262,Recommended,289130,13937147,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,sleepyskot,"Great game. Combo of Civ and Heroes. Really fun, will continue to lose many many hours."
76561198048084755,Recommended,289130,13937278,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,CWeissRun,"If you like the Civ series, but wish it had more fantasy, give it a shot!"
76561198001137112,Recommended,289130,13939084,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DEATHPONY!!!,Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing epic. if you like 4x you'll most likely think this is amazing.
76561198040979285,Recommended,289130,14051515,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,VIVA LA FRANCE,One of the best turned based games I've played
,Recommended,289130,13801284,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Darkeon,"Endless Legend is one of the best 4X games I've ever played. The factions and units are all very nicely varied with unique playstyles, and the inclusion of elevation on the world map adds another layer of pebth not seen in other titles. The combat system is fun, and offers you great freedom in how to approach battles. Easily a 9/10 game"
,Recommended,289130,13801312,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bloody Bill,"This game is great. It is a little tough to get started, but if you have played other turned based strategy games it is not too difficult. If you like Civilizations, you will like this game. In fact, I thought this game was more engaging and refined than Civ. 5. The multiplayer is excellent. The factions are well thought out and each is fun to play. I look forward to putting more hours into this game."
,Recommended,289130,20692374,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Mich-666,"One more turn 4X type of game. Not your ordinary Civ clone though. Endless Legend has its unique feel and it brings many different gameplay concepts to the table, like complex yet not overhelming rules or great storytelling. And it's really enjoyable mix. There are RPG elements and heroes, several really different factions with their own mechanics and stories, random quests, turn-based tactical battles, resources boosters and much much more. I also have to mention great artworks and soundtrack. Definitely recommended!"
76561198005301074,Recommended,289130,20692009,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Lord Hamlet,"This is a fun game with exploration and conquering, These are the things I liked about it.- A bunch of races to choose to play with varying play styles, want to be an honorable warrior race? Go ahead! Want to be a diplomat? Sure! Trade? You go it! Science? You bet! Brain eating insect people that convert the fallen to zombie warriors? Yes... uh. yes, that is in there too. Genocidal murdercult which only has one city and razes and sacrifices everyone in their path? Yeah... that... that happens too.- A wild and wonderous world to explore with horrible cold winters, where the dire wolves grow thin... oh my sweet summer child.-The tactical combat is challenging and fun. You can equip your dudes with different weapons and armor to make them more powerful. You also get Hero units that can be stationed in cities or paired with armies.These are the things I didn't like.- It is quite difficult to teach to a friend as there is a lot to the game.- I stayed up until dawn playing it and slept until past noon the next day because of this.- The auto-calc for battles isn't great."
76561197986573757,Recommended,289130,20785845,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Lalutanduil,"This game is totally worth the money, and makes Civ 5 look like a spec of garbage in comparison.Each faction is profoundly different, requiring innovative and experimental play styles and strategies.The game also has many features which differentiate it from Civ 5, such as regional exclusivity and independent minor factions being a component of complex game mechanics.A fascinating lore and storyline for each faction is delivered through a series of optional but rewarding quests.A downside of the game is a steep learning curve that is not adequately covered in the tutorial, however it's not difficult to learn a lot of what you need to know through the first playthrough and helpful pop-ups."
76561198027259796,Recommended,289130,20817503,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,LaughingMan,"Civ had a fling with a fantasy RPG and produced this as their love child.  Lots to do, lots of replay, new things to discover for your first half-dozen+ playthroughs.  Redefines what 4X can be."
,Recommended,289130,20731075,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Neanderthal lookin,"Awesome game, It's like a fantasy version of Civ that I can understand. Took a race of pacifists and made immediately declared war on my neighbors.... For Peace."
10166610266610366,Recommended,289130,20803941,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,vegetable,"Best underrated game, I think this deserves more credit. This game defied my expectations. There's a lot of stuff to list but that's probably too much infact, it's great. Deserves the money I pay for it."
,Recommended,289130,20787325,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,GrimTalin,"Very nice turn based game. Some of the best UI I've seen in a game, kudos for that!"
76561198073439329,Recommended,289130,20717076,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Birdman222,"The only reason i'm writing this short review is because of a minor glitch that happened only one time, after almost 2 days straight of playing. If you have played Civ, Warlocks master of the arcane/2, Endless space, Age of wonders or any game like it you will enjoy this.The glitch that caused this review was: i was unable to attack the enemy and his troop in one combat zone(had 2 combats that turn) only move towards them and stop in front of them in combat. They could only counter attack. Agian after relog/reload it was back to murder as normal(necrophage.) It has been a great game so far. The only thing i can say bad is there is no real story line, like in age of wonders. It is basically just a Civ Skrim game, that does get repetitive but the race diversity makes up for it. Most races play different.Think starcraft/Civ/Warlocks/age of wonders had a baby.... then they allow you to customize your army to a degree. Up against range, equip your army with a shield/1h axe. calvary? Break out the pointed sticks. also some cool unique units like one of the necro units adds a debuff to an enemy, if that unit dies u get a permant unit. Now here is the question, do you sell that unit for dust to build that sewer because necro cant raze cities and its revolting, or do u send them out and kill more?Edit: After even more time in the game, using mods and custom factions i've started to do a ton more combat. This has shown me the annoying combat system, still enjoy the game tho. Its annoying because you have 3 stances, and 2 are almost useless, the agressive stance also puts your units out of position a lot"
76561198051136467,Recommended,289130,20720416,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,foo,.
,Recommended,289130,13166538,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Skailfsha,"<<<Review after patches>>>After a bunch of months and many updates, I gave this another go... and it's a really damn good world TBS. It's inovative, complex, customisable and second only to 'Civilization'. Endless Legend is a very good game with plenty of content and options to keep being replayable; it's a shame it was prematurely released with bugs and that I didn't appreciate it at the time.<<<First Review>>>Firstly, it took me around an hour to work out how to get this game to run. I have two monitors and I get resolution errors whenever it's run, unless I alt+enter to run fullscreen (which it's set to anyhow...). I've gotta do that twice, within a second of it changing down to windowed or it kicks me out. When in the game, I can't alt tab or I get the same problem.Next, when running the game, I get CTD after around 20 mins (at most). I've done a load of checking and the devs say it's a problem between Unity(the games engine) and AMD cards (Who the dev's still refer to as ATI... they've not been ATI for a long time). There is apparently a work around where you run the game in 32bit mode but that too only lets you play a bit longer before also either CTDing or slowing down and becoming unplayable due to memory issues from being in 32bit mode.... Why should I need to do any work-around? I don't with Payday2, dota2, Thief or any of the other 300 games I own...From reading, this problem has been in existance since the release of the game and I find it disgusting that i'm picking it up over 2 months later and it's still unplayable.My recommendation(If you are running amd graphics): Avoid this game like the plague until they can fix itIf you are not running amd graphics: It looks really nice and looks like there might be lots of things to enjoy here if you like civ type games but unfortunately, after over 15 sessions lasting between 2-20 mins, I had less of a game and more of a lesson in dealing with frustration."
76561197985483054,Recommended,289130,20759444,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Dandy,Nice game
76561198091863524,Recommended,289130,20742889,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Meticulusly,One of the most underrated games I have ever seen.Excellent game.
76561198030871925,Recommended,289130,20741360,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Daigotsu,"Fantastic 4x fantasy RPG.  Factions play differently, game has terrific depth.  Would have liked to see a more varied tech tree."
76561198030874822,Recommended,289130,12489880,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,avl8,"Its a decent game for a 4x/turn-based strategy fans. Each turn brings choices, each choice has consequences. The game has really cool graphics and a wonderful soundtrack. It also has really cool mechanics for different playstyle - marketplace, season change, unit/empire customization, questlines. The factions are really unique and fun to discover.At the moment the game has complex sides so I recommend viewing some LPs on youtube, there are many videos about gameplay already.I definitely recommend to play this game.Updated 29/01/2016, after playing 220+ hours and tried every other major 4x titles during last 2 years.The game is a true gem comparing to every other major 4x titles: Civ4-5, CivBE; GalCiv2-3; Age of wonders 3; Thea; Warlock 1-2; Eu4 etc etc.It has many innovating mechanics, it has perfect replayability, it has incredible depth.Amplitude studio did a great job - and keeps doing more updates and expansions!Great job, guys!Keep it up!"
,Recommended,289130,20825998,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Carn13F0x,"This game is loads of fun so far. Got lucky and bought it and the dlc on sale the other day, and i gotta say its pretty immersive.Loads of lore (almost overwhelming) and pretty good ai even on normal. The ai seems like pro colonizers and such, but not so good at battleing unless they manage to get units equipped to overwhelm you.I think the only cons are in some of the ui elements, but otherwise iv fallen in love with this game.Ps: add more traits for custom factions, and built in portrait swapping. xD"
76561197995161163,Recommended,289130,20736279,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mutley,"- Bought the game on winter sales;- Goes to vacation, no play;- Coming back, play Endless Legend - wife goes mad;- Got beaten twice;- Start a game without knowing about Endless Day - found a fancy Eslek Tarosh flying hero;- Assimilate the Kazanji minor faction and create a sweeping army with Eslek Tarosh and 4 Daemons;- Get my revenge beating the game nicely.Awesome funny game!"
76561198040681809,Recommended,289130,13944396,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,micklex,"I really like this game now, early on I didn't as I couldn't seem to get very far in the game play, but they seem to have changed that considerably. It's very engaging for those that like these kinds of games and it's a good adaptation to fantasy style worlds. The only problem I have is the occasional crash which I think is related to my codecs for audio and it's attendant drivers as I get a stutter frequently. I'm using Shark007's codec packs as I also use my computer as my primary entertainment device on a large screen with a Marantz receiver. In everything else in creation I don't have problems, but this one game I do. I haven't had time to investigate it thoroughly though, so it could be something else. Definitely a driver though from the occasional blue screen I get. Regardless of those problems I still play the game, so it shows its value just from that. I haven't heard of many issues from others so it's probably something mostly unique to my rig. Regardless I still recommend the game."
,Recommended,289130,13733531,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Fresh,I've played too much of this in the short amount of time that I've owned it. I love it!
,Recommended,289130,13765092,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kulzar,"One of the best strategy game of the recent years, period. A masterpiece from Amplitude Studios!"
76561198040357556,Recommended,289130,13774101,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dr. Octagonapus,"Ive not played too much of this yet, but as I fan of the endless series, this game stays true to it. It is a wonderful strategy game that stays true to the endless spirit"
76561198031794528,Recommended,289130,13775675,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Theholyevil,"Endless legends was a game I bought in hopes of being something as great as civilization V. I can say for sure, it is great in its own way. What this game does right, I didn't find out until I was making mistakes.The things I didn't enjoy... well...Combat is pretty meaningless as the guy with the biggest army wins every time. Going into manual combat let's you choose who to bum rush.... woo hoo! This was quite disappointing to me.What I did enjoy is the unique aspects of the different races you can choose from and the diplomacy. The races bring a new perspective on the game every time. And the diplomancy part , even with AI, brings quite a tactical mindset to the game.The AI is quite wierd. Sometimes I would say dumb, but not all the time. There is a reason behind the madness that quite doesn't make sense until you see the army rushing your town .... then was promptly not alerted until you are at their base....Otherwise, a great game. worth a shot, expecially for $15. Moreso, if you like Civ V."
,Recommended,289130,13775691,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,loganae,Lik Civ and Heroscape.
76561198025780736,Recommended,289130,13775721,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sheep,"In a range from 0-10 = 7Lets get the most obvious things out of the way without being a sheep:- If you dont like hardcore fantasy, this is not your game- This game cant be compared to CIV5. Both games have their own strength and weaknesses.Its fantasy, that is very obvious. Im not into fantasy at all. I cant enjoy the different species, the way they look, behave or smell(?). All personal preferences but important if you dont have any affinity with Fantasy.Beyond the fantasy concept, there are the graphics. The map looks cartonish, which you like or not. The unit graphics are rendered pretty okay, although i miss some anti alising detail here and there.The UI is very nicely done. The info screens are awesome and that is what this game excels in: depth. The gameplay is visible deep. You can micromanagement you hero up on the boots it has to wear. In the beginning is seems like a uncontrolable task but once you see the connection it all falls into place. The overviews are a bless and that is the pure strength of this game: the playable layers you are able to control in your own land, city and its easy overview screens.The battle screen is different. Instead of fighting on the map, you fight on a battleground. This is very different and should be accounted for when considering buying this game. I have played this game 10 hours with a friend. We started two MP games which both froze after x time. The first time it was right after the start, the second time arond turn 200, about four hours later.That is a true turn downer for me. I like Endless Legend but i feel the game is done sloppy. I just hate it when i need to remember to save the game continuously in order to avoid a lost game because its very likely that the game ends prematurely because of freezes. The devs really need to get to work to make sure this game becomes stable. Instead of laying the resposibility of the game engine core stability at the end user telling them to install x,y,z, for hardware a,b,c, i read that Amplitude has no clue were the unstability comes from. Maybe the trouble is hidden is deep unreachable layers of code...who knows.And the thing i really really find VERY disturbing is that when you have to leave the game premature because of a bug, freeze or other problem you do not have any blame for you will receive the text: Cowardice, you prematurely exit the game"". That is truly disgusting!Its a nice game and i will play it, just like i play CIV5. Its not the question: who is the best. Its the situation were i say: i like them both and i play them both."
76561198037208722,Recommended,289130,13776947,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,snowden_brian,This game is highly addicting.  It is very unique and fresh!  Highly recommend and worth the time and investment.
,Recommended,289130,13777193,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GammaDecay,Fantastic game that refreshes the 4X genre
,Recommended,289130,13778263,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ShakaUVM,"It's pretty good. The AI is really quite peculiar, and the questing system isn't perfect, but it's otherwise a pretty good adaption of Endless Space to a fantasy world. Even better, really, since the combat is much more tactical and interesting.If you liked the Fall From Heaven mod for Civ IV, I think you'll like this game."
76561198028045319,Recommended,289130,13815486,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,PanssariSammakko,such a game. much potential. so short. wow.
,Recommended,289130,13816991,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Strazyplus,"One of my Favorites. Dragons, great lore and fun 4X Strategy game. it plays like endless space but much better!"
76561198032749851,Recommended,289130,13817294,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ktcrisalli,"After putting over 60 hours in to date, playing through every faction, and beating the game with every win condition, I believe I can speak with some authority on this game.Let it first be said that I do personally recommend this game highly. Obviously I would not have put in the hours otherwise.Endless Legend is the first example of true *useful* innovation in the 4X genre in years. Novel changes in gameplay, such as territory control, city governors, races that play genuinely differently from one another, tweaks to win conditions that create a much faster gameplay experience, and booster resources create a much more varied, deeper, and fast playing 4X game.Questing is implemented in an interesting and game influencing way without being disruptive or detracting from the core gameplay experience.That being said, it does suffer from a few faults. The tactical combat option, while nice in theory, is actually of limited use. The tactics are rudimentary at best, while turn order, special skills and abilities, and even the description of what they even DO is poorly explained and implemented. Luckily this portion can be skipped entirely, and the game allows for instant computer resolution of combat. After my first game, I rarely if ever resorted to tactical combat.The second fault is the arcane and poorly implemented diplomacy system, which is also not explained well and seems arcane in operation. Two opponents of similar power level and ""blood brother"" relation status can and do demand wildly differing prices for the same technologies, booster resources, and treaties. There seems to be little rhyme or reason to the diplomatic interactions with other factions. While diplomacy cannot be entirely ignored, and can be a powerful tool, it is also not critical to winning most of the time so it can be relegated  to a fairly minor part of your gameplay if you wish.The game lacks both naval combat or espionage, a decision I believe was made for practical reasons. While both of those things would be nice to see at a later date, I can only imagine the problems in implementing them. Perhaps in the sequel.To sum up...The Good:Innovative additions and gameplay tweaks for the 4X genre that are well implemented and don't feel gimmicky.Faster gameplay creates a satisfying 4X experience in a reasonable amount of time (3-4 hours per game, in my experience)Questing strikes an excellent balance between being helpful and interesting, without being game breaking.Factions play very differently from one and other while maintaining a reasonable gameplay balance.The Bad:Tactical combat is rudimentary and poorly implemented.Diplomacy is arcane and poorly explained.Overall recommended. High hopes that a sequel will be in the offering!"
76561198067614690,Recommended,289130,13818306,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,CSSAPP1,"Great game.  If you are a fan of Civ you'll love it.  After playing an Endless Space demo I was worried that this game would aslo feel cold and sterile.  Definitely not the case, the world is very colorful and the faction lore rich.  Features like Faction Assimilation, seasons, and most impressively drastically different factions are great additions to the genre."
,Recommended,289130,13820111,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,skgtheblij,"Long-time Firaxis (Civ, Alpha Centauri, BE) fan, this is the only major other 4x game I've played, and I was massively impressed. It was pretty easy to learn knowing Civ already, but was more different than I anticipated, enough to feel very fresh. Beautiful artwork, tons of fun. My only regret is not finding it sooner."
76561198015916189,Recommended,289130,13820143,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TheHamMan,"The general experience of this game is comparable to a mix of Civilization V and the Might and Magic games.Overall, I would say it's better than Civ V in nearly every aspect.  The developers did a great job at tweaking the gameplay so that every stage (or ""era"") of the game is amusing, unlike the late-game slog that the Civ games are known for.If you're looking for a turn-based, empire-building strategy game, this is definitely a good buy."
76561197961664121,Recommended,289130,13821917,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Glucose,Best 4x 'Civ' game to date.  Does a lot of things right.
76561197978461733,Recommended,289130,13822227,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,RRAHH,"At first glance, Endless Legend seemed to be a decent 4X game.  I have been playing 4X games for the better part of five years.  I've put more than 2500 hours into Civilizations V and I've played the likes of Rise of Legends and other less glorious titles like The Settlers.After seeing Endless Legend on sale and remembering the fun I had with Endless Space, I thought I'd give the game a try.  I didn't jump into the game right away mind you.  I have been mulling over whether or not to buy it for well over six months.  That is until it ended up on Steam's Winter Sale.  That was when I finally jumped on it.To say that Endless Legend is a beautiful game with excellent gameplay mechanics is an understatement.  I mean, it is an UNDERSTATEMENT.  Graphically, Endless Legend spanks Civilizations: Beyond Earth, which I have as well.  Gameplay wise, it destroys other games in the genre like an F-117 over Iraq or a B-52 over Vietnam.  The game just plays beautifully right up until it crashes.  Herein, I found the fatal flaw.  Now, it may just be my setup or I somehow have a corrupted install of some sort but this is where it kills the fun for me.  Now, I could very well be an isolated incident but the fact that I can only play the game for a half hour max before being booted is very unsettling for me.  Especially since I find myself addicted to the game on a level that Civilizations: Beyond Earth has utterly failed to do.So what gives?  The game seems to be fantastic.  It's absolutely beautiful, sounds great and plays just as well for the half hour at a time I am able to play.  I cannot speak for anyone else when I say this but this one flaw completely kills the game for me.  I canot get far enough to completely enjoy myself and so, while I do recommend the game for it's merits, I must add the caveat that you may experience some type of technical difficulties.  I hope that this will be remedied in short order.  I am going to uninstall the game and reinstall it to make sure it's not a bad install.  If that still doesn't fix it, I may just have to lose out.I hate losing out."
,Recommended,289130,13723960,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Auzzie_96,this game is awesome
,Recommended,289130,13725035,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,jrot,"Absolutely thrilling game. The factions have completely different playstyles, the music is brilliant and the art is superb.  This is one of the only games that I've actually sat and read codex entries about the different factions and technologies in a long time.  It distinguishes itself from other 4X games in a number of ways, but doesn't attempt to break the mould and fall on its face.Amplitude should be applauded for their efficient work on this game, having released it for Early Access early in the year and actually completing it. Who knew a game could actually leave early access?"
76561198008811054,Recommended,289130,15563180,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,KillerOrc,Great 4xGame with a twist. All factions play totally different and every game is a challenge of joy and excitement! Any strategy can work and I love it! New favorite 4xgame hands down. For now... ;)
76561198019518175,Recommended,289130,15542353,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,mfenex,Like Civilazation but want to take on empires of Dragons or Crazy Cultist OR be a empire of Dragons or Crazy Cultist?  Then Endless Legend has got you covered!  Complex and deep system but so fun and doesn't ever really feel like a slog.
76561198015657306,Recommended,289130,15546256,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,keithh10,I was reluctant to try Endless Legend but when it went on sale I bought it. I love this game. It is Civ with fantasy story line blended in. The graphics are beautiful. Great game!
,Recommended,289130,15547086,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Bilbo,"A cool game, when it works. Multiplayer desyncs easily, and when you manage to get back on several turns have passed with AI controlling everything. On single player there are several recurring errors as well. Some of the quests become impossible under some conditions, so you can accidently block of your chance of winning using that method if you're not careful. Combat's awkward, though it's not so bad once you get used to it. I like the hero system, being able to upgrade your hero with armour, weapons and skill points. It's a beautiful looking game, and it's very easy to get so immersed time flies by while playing it. The AI is pretty simple, and pretty much poses no threat, so it's only worth playing multiplayer, if it was actually possible to complete a multiplayer game without going out of sync. For all its flaws, it's still a pretty fun game, which is why I'm giving it a thumbs up, but only because there isn't a neutral option."
,Recommended,289130,15547837,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Human Tank,"Oh boy, if I did not know better I would swear these types of games could accelerate time around you, making what seemed like an hour of play into actually 4 hours. I had a splendid time reading all the flavor text of the various anomolies and technologies, a great way to invest players in a world. the game play is fun and building and empire with a 1 city limit to each region simplifies things. Of course with these types of games I find myself worn out by the end, where it seems like all I am doing is cleaning up the leftover trash on the map. The winter mechanic is very interesting, as it both adds to the game and the story, as you get further along you realize that this is why you have been fighting and why you have been learning. A great game with interesting races that play their own unique ways....prequel to endless space, sequel to dungeon of the endless... probably..."
,Recommended,289130,15588204,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,sfury.bg,"Brillinat new mix to the Civ/4x genres, adding a lot of personality and freshness to the old formulas.Haven't played sush an unique and engulfing strategy game since Alpha Centauri."
76561198007342876,Recommended,289130,15591128,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Harshbones,"Great fantasy alternative to Civ, also bonus for keeping the same universe for their three games ( Endless Legend, Space and Dungeon of the Endless ) , Iluvit."
76561198025506215,Recommended,289130,15706266,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Stagnu Demorte,"it's a bit like civ, but instead of unit based it's army based.  has a unique battle field mode that uses the surrounding tile to create the battle map and has a very diverse unit structure based on faction and minor faction assimilation"
,Recommended,289130,13481202,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BamfroKage,"I Haven't put much time into this game as of yet, but so far it is breathtakingly AMAZING. I woukld like to think of myself as sa startegy game player as i've went frrom playing Empire Earth and AoE in the computer rlbs of sixth grade, to Starcraft tourneys(lost all no talent to speak of) and to the Creme de La Creme....Sid Civ. So naturally turn based or not i am always going to compare to that, ihavent gotten into the systems enough yet but this gameA. for lack of having true ""History"" that we learned over our lives and are familiar with so far they have given me cutscenes and flavor text, along with slight design varations from what i see so farB. the game start is able to be customized they even have world age. Sound Familar?C. And last but not least, lots of stuff going on, not all of it easy to understand. but when you do...and thats what i expect to be going through for the next severval hours of this game. and i'm going to enjoy every moment :D12/20 will update later5/5/15 EDIT this game is amazing"
76561198112323759,Recommended,289130,15957225,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,morehah,"With Endless Legend the flaws it has are so few that will start with them first. A lack of deep story has caused me to make my own quests up when I play. The overall UI feels lackluster and cheep. Example is the construction options, I feel a way to sort by build time or by play strategy, like production, science, military would be nice.8/10"
76561198020463265,Recommended,289130,16817487,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ajdepp,"Game rules, much more than a fantasy version of Civ 5"
,Recommended,289130,16200087,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Osu! Pun Man,Do you like civilization? Is this game on sale? Are you a big fan of vague menues and systems that take time and effort to master? WELL YOUR IN LUCK. This game hopefully has all of that. You will discover fun and adventure as you fail to live up to your rivals and have no idea why until you discover the 4k different options they never tell you about!
,Recommended,289130,16432227,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Fisherman Joe,"Endless Legends look like Civ V, plays like Civ V, feels like Civ V, smells like Civ V, but it is not Civ V. Somehow Endless Legends defines itself as its own game. Personally I ended up getting bored late game, a lot of the charm comes from exploration and discovery to support your Empire. But discovering villages like you would Civilization are not as beneficial as it would be in Civilization. Victory conditions and end game progression is not clearly defined.It's hard not to compare this game to Civilization."
76561198059221583,Recommended,289130,16434368,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mylord,"It's pretty much like Civilization but is a lot bether! Graphis really good, and I loved the design and the factions! One of the best strategy games I ever played!"
,Recommended,289130,16434391,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ghettotron™,"A very well done fantasy version of a Civilization, Might and Magic, etc 4X turn-based type game.   The art style is not as bright and colorful but it is a gorgeous hand-painted style similar to Dota2.    The user interface isn't fancy but it is clean and simple.    I just started playing and my first impression is that it is as good, if not better, than any of the Civ and Might & Magic series.  Well done!"
,Recommended,289130,16415941,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bosco,It's just really good
,Recommended,289130,16419095,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Yashasa,Multiplayer? :)
76561198001530298,Recommended,289130,16344449,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,spook,"Can Sid Meiers sue?I hope not, because I really like Endless Legend. If you ever played the Fall From Grace mod for Civ IV, then you have a pretty good idea of what Endless Legend has going on - albiet with a much more distinctive graphical style and some of the unique rules that made Endless Space a really interesting 4E. It's actually kinda fun - it looks so much like Civ you can't help but play it as such, at first, until you lose horribly several times. Then you break down and learn how the games various interlocking systems work, and it's quite intriguing.Or maybe not you. Maybe that was just me.This is so closely based on Civ 5 that my wife thought I was playing the same game, just by overhearing the soundeffects from the next room. MP works great, have yet to have an incident with booting or lagging. Playing versus the computer is amusing, at least while learning. The unit designs and animations are great. In fact, the visuals are great throughout, not so much in rendering as in design. THe factions all feel distinct, and encourage different styles of play.It's not a home run. Some factions are stronger than others, and games have a strong tendency to end militarily in the early going, regardless of factions/options/tech. The tech wed and the technologies themselves are not intuitive, nor is there an identifiable progression through them. Combat can be played out, but it is quite dull, so quick-combat still rules the day.That aside, it's quite a bit of fun, particularly if you want that whole Fantasy Civ vibe. I'd give it a very solid 8.5/10, and call it the best ""Civ-like"" game I've ever played, except Civ itself."
76561198014611578,Recommended,289130,16346965,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,A Cow In Willesden,"How can it be better than Civilization? I don't understand how the ultimate Civ game isn't even a civ game.But it is. And somehow even quicker to play, even though it feels more absorbing.If you liked any of the Civ games, get this, it is better than all of them."
76561198007855446,Recommended,289130,16321596,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,DarkAngelFurioso,"This is one of my favorite games in my library. The existence of such a game can only be described as the lovechild between the civilization titles and heroes of might and magic. it also posesses some odd yet wonderful traits of the total war franchise making papa civ wonder if the mrs, was messing around with the 'total war package.' She was. And its glorious. Oh and the multiplayer is way more stable and intelligent than any of those titles.10/10 Ill play this forever."
,Recommended,289130,16785899,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The Sombrero Kid,Best 4X game in a long time.
,Recommended,289130,16799587,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Captain_Kevlar,"A fantasy version of civ 5, with regions instead of Political influence as borders and boundries"
76561198066709775,Recommended,289130,15459179,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,skywill_15,"Take Civilization 5, add a pinch of World of Warcraft, some Fallout, and a dash of steampunk.  Shake and cook until it is truly unique from other settings.  Play it on a planet like Pandora but even more fantastic, on a map from Game of Thrones. This is a GREAT GAME, easily better than Civ5, Civ Beyond Earth, Warlock: MotA, or others of its ilk... except for a few glaring frustrations.TL;DR: Combat, Options menu, and alerts need fixing before it will actually be better than the above where my friends and I will actually buy it.What needs fixing: combat: GREAT IDEA to have a mini turn based battle on the map when a battle starts, using the surrounding terrain.  I LOVE THIS!  What I don't like is the near control ofver units.  The interface allows you to move, or attack and move, but not move and choose who you will attack.  You are a tease!  This is a silly flaw.  The way it is, it is frustrating, and I cannot recommend anyone playing it out.  It is frustrating to lose your units solely because you don't have the control over them that you almost provide.  It is almost better to just auto calculate each battle.  Whatever your design philosophy might be, why don't you ALLOW YOUR PLAYERS THE OPTION of having full control of both movement and attack during a battle?  Make it a box you click in the options menu.  Speaking of which...Options menu:Why wouldn't you provide the option of faster combats, notifications, alerts for the player, and other things wile the player is in the middle of a game?  Even if you have to restart the client, I had to stop playing a campaign just because I wanted to change the animation speed of combat from slow to fast.  It was just taking too long for me to get through a combat.  Again, I enjoy the combat, mostly, but to only allow that option under advanced settings at the start of a game, and then not in the options menu during it is a silly, frustrating oversight.Alerts:When running all the cities and armies for an empire, you might forget about a request for new policies or to assign new build orders.  Endless Legend does not stop you from ending your turn if you have not dealt with important issues like this.  This is a PROBLEM.  Learn from Civ5 and do not allow the turn to end unless the player deals with issues like this.  Unless your scheme is to make a deceptively great game that makes people throw their computers against the wall.  If they do, it should be because of frustrations in game, not because of frustrations with the interface.  I actually lost hundreds of resources because I hit ""end turn"" when I missed a little box that would have told me it was time for the every 20th turn policy review, thus not allowing me to select perks for my empire for the next 20 turns.  That is stupid.Do I recommend this game?  Not yet.If they could take lessons from Civ5 about how it does business regarding game options and probably multiplayer( didn't get to test that out, too busy trying the other Endless games), it could be the BEST of its kind.  It has a truly unique and deep story, for each civilization, which each plays differently.  I couldn't play a game to completion for just a few hours in a 2 day free weekend, so I don't know how each victory condition balances against each other.  I like that they made the single city challenge a viable option for multiplayer against those who don't like it in the form of the Cultists faction.  I like that the setting is so refreshingly new.  This is not a Tolkien LotR fantasy, though a few elements survive. I like the writing (I only found one typo in the Drakken intro/story quest).  It could probably use more wonders to build, but maybe that is part of that DLC.  I already own Civ5 and Warlock:MotA, and for me to buy this it has to be dramatically better than those.  It is, if it fixes the issues with its interface."
,Recommended,289130,15756865,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Spookghetti,"I have never played any city builder/Civ like game ever. And I have to say, I enjoy this one a lot. The graphics are great, the factions are fun, and the ability to make your own custom faction is awesome as well. As I havent played any Civ games, I cant compare it to any of those, but from an unbiased 1st time stand on it, I would recommend this game to most anyone."
76561198185242541,Recommended,289130,15839137,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,angelmoon1976,i like it
76561198004004885,Recommended,289130,15881117,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Miso69,"Loving this game, Thumbs up."
,Recommended,289130,15881526,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sigfried,"Great flavor and lots of wonderful strategic actions to choose from. To top it off its a great looking game.What I love over similar games+ Really interesting and asymmetrical factions.+ Tactical battles and strategic map in a non-space 4X+ Smartly balanced diplomacy system (full featured but hard to exploit)+ Really nice graphics.Issues that may bother me a bit-AI seems a bit easy, especially late game.-Tactical combat can be a bit frustrating as units don't always follow orders as expected.-Strategy tends to trump tactics here. No amount of battle skill can trump an overwhelming economy.-Like many such games late game can bog down, it's very clear you are going to win but it takes time to play it out."
76561198006814904,Recommended,289130,15884086,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,lionheart,i love sid's Civ  but this game is just light years ahead of it   FANTASTIC !    MORE DLC please
76561198050313943,Recommended,289130,15863210,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,trtimeu,"Clean and intuitive interface: 10/10Rich and beautiful models, if garish: 8/10Refreshing yet familiar game mechanics: 9/10Sporadic density of content: 6/10An inspired yet frustrating combat system with an acquired taste.This game will take you out of your comfort zone and introduce you to new possibilities in the 4x genre, and you will be glad of it. Worth the money 83% of the time but doesn't get the recognition it deserves.A note on the pros: the best interface I've ever had the pleasure of interacting with, and it really makes the game satisfying and simple to play. The game mechanics are familiar enough to get going but often take a twist or go off on a tangent completely, making for an exciting experience.A note on the cons: I would have hoped for more unit customization options, but the wealth of customization in other areas allows this to be put on the back bench. Until affordable dlc comes along. The combat system is... interesting. Relinquishing absolute control on the field of battle is a hard pill to swallow and the pay off doesn't necessarily come through. This may, in part, be due to a lack of unit customization, or to an uncomfortable design decision, or it may be entirely due to my own reservations. Being introduced to something new, however, is usually a good thing.In conclusion: as above. Despite the uncomfortable combat system and the minor customization niggle, this game is brilliant and really delivers a fun time."
76561198075730695,Recommended,289130,15867171,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,PTD,Everything's fine.7.5/10
76561197965723094,Recommended,289130,15870294,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Lucknuss,"similar to CIV, nice game.The UI is a bit strange but nevertheless a good game"
76561198001646306,Recommended,289130,16275340,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Galagon,Fantastic. Enough like civilization to be easy to get into but with enough unique aspects to make it not just another clone. Some of the mechanics feel like they could be improved (like the battle sequences) but they are actually a step up from other 4X games. The troop customization mechanic they brough over from ES works wonderfully in a fantasy setting and perhaps my favourite part is that there is no overlap between the civilizations troop wise - every player has their own unique army.
,Recommended,289130,15547437,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Pyros Enjoy Pie HW2R,"This game is essentially the fantasty counter-part to Civilization V and man does it fullfil its role. There are only 8 factions, but unlike in Civ V they are very unique.10/10 Worth every cent"
,Recommended,289130,15772489,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Znurf,"A Serios Error Has Occured!Thats how all games end, if you cant finish the game in multiplayer without stops or pauses (without shutting down the game that is) this always happens...Has been like this since game was first released, you would think they found a fix for it when releasing Guardians, but no...Too bad, it would had been a much more fun game if you could load saves..."
76561198101032365,Recommended,289130,16095872,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Zoethian,"Endless Legend is a fun 4X game which is easy to learn, has a great art style and soundtrack. The battling system is a unique and fast way to conduct fights separates Endless Legend from other similar games such as Civ."
,Recommended,289130,15628572,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,SammuelMiranda,"Extremely good Turn Based Strategy game. The only thing i'd like to see is a campaing for each of the races, rather than just the skirmish option of game play - even then, the game is just fantastic."
76561198009173373,Recommended,289130,15633204,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Hundred-Man Guts,"Fantastic game with a strong visual style and solid innovation on 4x mechanics. Varied and unique fantasy races with a blend of tactical combat (ala Master of Magic) and strategic gameplay (ala Civ). It can all be a little overwhelming at first, but this game is certainly worth a purchas if you like 4x titles."
76561198061128041,Recommended,289130,12383392,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,KrimsonVagus,"I've played several 4X and RTS games in my time: From Civ 5 to Fallen Enchantress to Gal Civ, Age of Wonders series, Warlock series etc.If there's one thing I'm good at, it's fantasy 4X games.So I bought Endless Legend in early access, and the following are the reasons why I am still attracted to this game:1- The aesthetics. The art is unique and fresh. It is a masterpiece to look at. Simple and elegant color schemes. The environments look ""alien"" and yet realistic at the same time.2- The sci-fi + fantasy combination, which is something I always wanted and very few games have it3- The story. I love each and every faction and all their themes. I seriously feel like I want to write a novel based on this game. And if you are a player who actually enjoys reading some text, you will definitely love the story.4- The customization (I want more of it). I play this game to relax! to bounce some ideas around and try new things5- Innovations: the cliffs and elevation mechanics in the terrain, the Influence resource for diplomacy, and terrain variety, less micromanagement in combat, each faction has a unique questline for them only in addition to normal quests, the very dynamic economy system, 1 city per each province, summer and winter seasons... Other developers are taking notes right now.6- the community: I don't mean to patronize, but I just love the atmosphere in the forums. Everyone has interesting ideas and experiences. The experienced players are very helpful. The devs are reasonably responsive to the audience. I'm having a great time chatting and playing with everyone. At some point, multiplayer will greatly raise this game's popularity, if they do it right and fix all the bugs.The main weaknesses for this game as of early October 2014, after full release:1- Overly simplistic (easy to understand) but unique combat system. Still needs some more balancing and more features to make it less boring2- Weak AI: Amplitude studios have had a few problems with AI programming in their other games as well, but the other good aspects about the game make you forget about the AI altogether... and Amp usually fix the AI issues over time with player feedback.3- Like most 4X games, EL needs to work a little more to keep the end-game interestingAs long as the developers and community continue to cooperate together, this game will definitely be remembered for a long time to come, at least for the innovations.Before you make your decision about buying this game or not, one last thing I will say:If you are a social gamer who likes to jump in to a community and participate, you will be amazed by the warmth of the Amplitude forums. Trust me, you will not regret your participation. There is something for everyone there. Your suggestions, complaints and bug reports will all be taken into consideration. If you appreciate the aspects I mentioned above and you want to try a unique 4X Strategy experience, I recommend Endless Legend to you.8/10EDIT: btw, many players already have youtube channels for Endless Legend with let's plays and guides etc. My channel is focusing on custom factions right now. Check it out!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFyj5CwoN1Q&list=PLP90c0klxXzhbDGqiAM2z9iSeIzp2Ecju"
76561198040274946,Recommended,289130,15713235,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Linderman,Well designed
76561198039372161,Recommended,289130,15715332,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,mg,"Autosave is giving leak of memory and throw ""out of memory"" exception.Fix for 32 bit Windows, 4GB RAM (tested on Windows 7)----------------------------------------------------------Try to enable the 3GB switch on Windows 7:1.  Start->Programs->Accessories-> Right-click mouse button on Command Prompt and select Run as Administrator.2.  At the command prompt, enter ""bcdedit /set IncreaseUserVa 3072""3.  Restart the computer.---------------------------------------------------------Regardsprogsdev"
,Recommended,289130,15735694,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Surphaze,"Pretty much the best turn based stategy game I can remember in recent memory.  I especially like that every faction plays vastly different from each other.  The UI feedback is great and has a good balance between micro and macro strategy.Really the only thing I could find fault with is the tutorial and game mechanics are not very well explained up front, but I suppose part of the fun is figuring out how to make things work."
76561198042719549,Recommended,289130,15735920,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,mpatrick90,"A solid 8+/10A little over twenty hours in and have to say as far as strategy games goes this is a winner.  It sticks to the basics while introducing a few tweaks to keep things interesting.Pros:All the factions I have played are not only unique in flavor but each has a solid twist to win the game.  Whether you stick to the Fallen Lords (my fav as they don't need to fret over food...), the ravenous horde of corpse-eating bug things (standards really), the mages that like to cut themselves, or the guys that just buy all their troops and live on the backs of giant crestaceans, there is something for anyone to find that they will like.  The Cultist and Nomad factions are the best for variety as the recruit/hire anything else in a village or marketplace.  So as flavor goes this game is a solid 9 0r 10.ConsDo NOT let battles autoresolve unless you have a large advantage.  The AI when controlling your own armies seems somewhat lacking.  This is really the main reason I will not give this game a nine or ten.  That and the game froze/crashed several times.  Maybe five or six in the twenty hours gameplay despite running it at reduced settings with a computer setup that should be able to handle it.  This may have already been fixed with recent patches though.Overall I would say anyone who enjoys the genre should consider this one."
76561198119599315,Recommended,289130,15740481,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Eyes N' Pies,"This is a great game with amazing mechanics. The only thing that is bad with this game is that it is a bit hard to understand and play. But other than that, it is a great, original game that is extremely fn to play. If you like civ, this ia the game for you."
,Recommended,289130,15727599,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TMarchev,Very good game : )
,Recommended,289130,15720600,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Captain Communism,This is a fantastic game with amazing pace one of my new favorite games.
,Recommended,289130,15721151,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Brian,Probably the best fantasy 4x strategy game of the decade.  Can be difficult to learn at first but very rewarding.
76561198056856286,Recommended,289130,10870525,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pepe le Pew,"Great game, considering the way they work turn based it reminds me of Might and Magic. But i think it's rather harder and dificult considering the diferences of the races and the winter. Still Fun even in Alpha. 9/10 just because is alpha ;D"
76561198093047639,Recommended,289130,15505620,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Makabeli,"Not very intuiative. You can figure it out if you play a lot of 4X games, but it should have the ""advisor"" options that Civ V has."
,Recommended,289130,15507099,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,sevensided,Scratches my Civ5 itch better than Civ5.
76561198035996504,Recommended,289130,15517308,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,garymeacock,"i highly reccomened this game,if you like civ then you will love this the civilization series has always been one of my favourite games but this game i have found myself surprised that imo i think it is better"
,Recommended,289130,15435883,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Utena Tendo,"This game reminds me a tad of civilzation, a tad at frist but it's more complex. The dynamics of the game play are complex but not complicated, I will fully purchase the game at another time. Oh and it's recomended for those who like there tile based stratigy combate games, I want it and rarly purchuse PC games"
76561198005681482,Recommended,289130,15436039,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,SilberGolem,"You will explore, you will try to expand and to exploit and you will ultimately be exterminated in this beautiful fantasy strategy game.Endless Legend is beautiful, it is atmospheric, it is highly, highly complex in that it will take you three or four games to really get started, to figure it out, to even understand most of the mechanisms. Don't lose your patience  - it is well worth it.At the end of the day, Endless Legend is a wonderful timesink like i haven't seen one in over a year. It was named game of the year 2014 byrockpapershotgun.comand it might very well be.Highly recommended."
76561198121940890,Recommended,289130,15438919,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,MarzGuitarz,"Wow, this game is excellent. Pollished and tons of cusomization. Civ5 template but it stops and starts there, The hero aspect is awesome!"
76561198115219048,Recommended,289130,15441236,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,KaNtDaNcE,"Only got a couple hours in on the free weekend, but fell in love from the start. Great game"
76561198032048631,Recommended,289130,15441724,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,cloudwalkr,baught this when it first released last september as something to scratch my 4x itch untill Civ. Beyond Earth came out.  Well BE came out and this totally blew it away.It's cheaper at full price and a far better game.On sale (at the time of this posting) it's a steal and you are getting a great game for extremely reasonable price.If you are looking at this title and wondering if you should buy i would strongly recommend picking it up.  You will not be sorry.
76561198057926017,Recommended,289130,15442369,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Bear,Like Civ but better.
76561198074327716,Recommended,289130,15684868,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Xenophon,really fun
,Recommended,289130,15337622,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,[EHJ]ironslasher,Probably didnt need to discover this gem right before finals.
,Recommended,289130,15355337,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,2Sk3tChy,"You're sitting there saying  ""Ugh not another CIV-5 reskin!""...i thought the same. but MAN WAS I WRONG. by far the best ""grand"" stragety game on the steam market."
76561198010400004,Recommended,289130,12170269,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,lliogor,"While this game had some bumps when it came out, it has improved with each new patch and is quite a decent 4X now.  I love the graphics which are beyond beautiful and I find the different races and styles of play to make the game different each time I play."
76561197991523491,Recommended,289130,16619681,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mojoyoyo,Love the game. It's great in so many ways. The best thing you can do is watch a youtuber o twitcher playing the game and you will understand.
,Recommended,289130,16620995,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mac DeMacaroni,It's all funfunfun until they form an alliance and raid you.
76561197990127460,Recommended,289130,16684085,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Robo-Booster,"Much like Endless Space, the game feels fresh and interesting when you first play it but things quickly begin to feel restricted. There are some balancing issues but for the most part it's a great game. Very similar to Civilization except limits on armies and (a soft cap) on expansion prevent it from turning into a slog fest with single turns that last an hour."
,Recommended,289130,16435740,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,f34rtehninja,"Absolutely. It's not Civilization by any means, but it's definitely in the family tree.Differences:~Less focus on economy and city building/planning~Stackable Combat units like good ol Civ 4~Combat changes to a hex grid turn based strategy system, tons of fun.~Races are radically different from each other. Different looks, different play styles, different objectives.~Fantasy, and almost sci-fi, based.~Super flavorful. What you miss in ""kicks"" from nuking peole as Ghandi you can definitely find in the incredible word they've crafted."
76561197994044447,Recommended,289130,16438757,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Az Taylz,A wonderful game that balances fantasy and strategy perfectly. I highly recommend this!
76561198047201191,Recommended,289130,16402793,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ChrisTheWizard,This is not as much a game as it is a work of art beautiful music together with a well designed UI engaging lore interesting factions and characters make this an overall fantastic game 10/10
76561197987527623,Recommended,289130,15577251,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Grictalio,"Discounting space, this game was the uniqueness and new feel I wanted from Civilization: Beyond Earth, and then some. 8 wholly unique factions: Necrophages, Vaulters, Cultists, Wild Walkers, Roving Clans, Broken Lords, Ardent Mages, and Drakken, who I love, each having a really interesting and unique quirk to them.In summary, this game does a lot right. Interesting combat/battle system, cool and efficient region system, interesting unit upgrade system, unique factions, and it's gorgeous.I only have a few gripes: A. The connections can be janky, but it has a built in resync system, and otherwise, the game launches really nicely, unlike Civilization V or Beyond Earth. B. The AI is super aggressive, even if they are playing the most mechanically passive faction, which can be sometimes very frustrating (Particularly if you are playing as the Cultists). And that's pretty much the end of my list of gripes really. The diplomacy system could use some work, but it's not really worth complaining about.I strongly recommend this game to fans of 4x style games. It's a great time."
,Recommended,289130,15578428,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Moominumm,"10/10This game is for who has Civ series experience, Endless series experience and 4X loverYou can choose 8(9 Including Mezari) factions or custom based on existing faction.There are many Victories mode like Science, Supremacy, Diplomatic and etc.The Battle is very good since its like Might and Magic and other turn based battle unlike CIV which has only auto battle."
76561198036734902,Recommended,289130,15580061,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Batax,"Nice blend between heroes of might & magic and civilization, but frequent crash when playing or loading the game more than once (which after that you need to quit the game first).look on the bright side: you have a forced timer to rest for a while :Drecommend buy only after you test the game load first."
,Recommended,289130,15432834,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Rammic,"Just finished a long free weekend binge over the game (and to continue tonight). Started three games with a few friends before we got a hang of it and started enjoying it. If you think it's just a CIV 5 clone, you are half-right. You can tell it's making was very similar and influenced by civ 5 in design; however, it introduces mechanics and immersion that vastly surpass Civ 5 in almost every way. Each faction has their own feel and goal. Quests, objectives, and diplomacy were done so much better in this regard.And if you don't like something about a particular faction, you can create a custom faction with very base template from an existing faction, completely changing the game experience. The maps are so vivid and feel full of life. And as opposed to a mindless autopathing barbar, the ""minor villages"" may have quests, and different options to assimilate to your faction (thus supplying you with a vey diverse array of troops for your army).Anyways. I strongly recommend any 4x strategy players give this a go. It is vastely superior to the other top rated 4x strategy game out there ""cough, cough"".8.5/10"
,Recommended,289130,15482813,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Merciless Moses,"Pros:- 9 Unique Factions with their own story quest lines built into every game- Ability to create custom faction- Multiple paths to victory- Civilization like city management- Heroes of Might and Magic like hero management- Unit and Hero item customization that matters- Hero skill trees that matters- Multitude of minor races that may be assimilated into your empire for new units and bonuses- Stream lined tech tree- Resource management that can be altered to fit your style- Terrain isn't flat- The world is experiencing it's own storyCons:- The wikipedia page that is linked in game could use some tender love and careWildcard:- If you enjoy the borderland between fantasy and science-fiction, this game will scratch a difficult to reach itchHighly suggest this game for anyone who enjoys turn-based empire management games."
76561198016820005,Recommended,289130,15483102,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,terminator9517,I DONT LIKE HOW IT WOINT LET ME BUY IT!!
76561198040215186,Recommended,289130,15485914,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Robo,Great polished strategy game. Amplitude makes truly immersive and engaging experiences
,Recommended,289130,15486209,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Gaiyamato,"A very clever strategy game that builds on the gameplay of the civilization genre and manages to combine excellent turn-based tactical combat with it. At times it can feel a little like Heroes of Might and Magic with the cluttered maps. But generally a very well thought out and beautiful game.The AI can be a bit odd in combat so be careful with micromanagement. Some aspects of the game - such as upgrading and equipping units as well as making new units - can be hard to find and work out at first. But other than that most of the controls make perfect sense. I was able to work out most of the game without using the tutorial at all.This game as I write this still has major bugs and sometimes will crash to desktop without warning and even pops up the odd null pointer exception from time to time (the game handles errors very well though, it reorts it, fixes it and often allows you to continue playing!). I ran the 32 bit app on the 64 bit windows and turned off post processing in the options which seemed to solve 99% of the crashes. So suggest that people give that a go.Great work overall and a worthy addition to the Endless series of games!Just use a few more Try/Catch and IF tags around object references guys. ;)"
76561198043580509,Recommended,289130,15487689,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[DT] Volt180,This is what I was wanting the Civilization games to turn into.
,Recommended,289130,15431657,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Agni7atha,"I don't usually like 4X, but when i do it's a game that have wonderful character and lore like this one"
76561197986485128,Recommended,289130,15433986,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Coach Lasso,GG
76561198001865673,Recommended,289130,15434419,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Dirk Diggler,Just tried because it's free for the weekend. How does this stack up to Civ? Engaged in my first skirmish. Settler landed final blow on a Minotaur. :)10/10
76561198036852311,Recommended,289130,15434472,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,"Archaon, Lord of End Times","I used to play Civ, nuf said!"
76561198003175445,Recommended,289130,15522091,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Junova,"Great game. I've played all the Civs. I think this is the best turn based game I've played. Great attention to detail and the races have a big diffrence between them, making them a diffrent game play each time.Problem is they have an Emperor pack that has no info so I have no idea if it makes it any diffrent. I'd hope they post up some info on it."
76561198042953096,Recommended,289130,15522933,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Cosades,Winter is coming...
,Recommended,289130,15523198,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,CamelJokey,80 hours in this game on top of school work the first week I got this... Amazing how much you can mess around with custom factions to go for different types of victories.
76561198019283501,Recommended,289130,15524460,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Ysain,"Great game. A bit buggy here and there, such as units taking themselves over and running your empire. Just save often, it's what I do.That said, I hope the future includes more base empire types OR the ability to create empires in their entirity... not being forced to create them based off of already existing empires."
,Recommended,289130,15526811,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Lord Mazdamundi,"Very Recommended game for Sid Meier's Civilization fans. Pretty hard for newbs who never play this kind of game though, game developer didn't explain the mechanics well you have to figure it out by yourself but we always have community guide to help you with that :)"
,Recommended,289130,15527702,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,LeafofGrass,"The gameplay is familiar compared to Civ, but with an added quest structure, which is pretty fun.  I'm enjoying the game, as it can be challenging.  My only complaint is that it crashes A LOT, which is annoying."
,Recommended,289130,15535507,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,"BootRecords, M.Sc.","Endless Legend is what happens if Alpha Centauri and Heroes of Might and Magic 4 had an illegitimate child that was adopted and raised by Endless Space. With this heritage it comes to little surprise that the 'just one more turn' factor is really strong in its DNA, making this game highly addicting!In all seriousness, though, this game has the best of all of the above: the modular unit design and 3D terrain of AC, hero management and tactical combat like any good Heroes game (I just mentioned Heroes 4 above, because EL's graphical style and general vibe reminded me quite a bit of that one), and lastly the clean interface and well-executed core 4X mechanics of Endless Space.That's not to say it's without flaws, however. While the combat system goes in a very uncommon (but very interesting) direction for a 4X game with its usage of terrain and Heores-y tactical interface, there are still a few gripes with the actual execution, reminiscent of some of the issues with Endless Space: You can only give orders to your units before the turn is executed and the more specific your orders (move there and then attack that unit), the more prone they are to failure if the enemy moves first.There are also a few hiccups with the interface, for example I still haven't found an option to automatically adjust production queues after unit upgrades. Maybe it isn't there (although ES had an option like this) or it's just not placed in an intuitive place.But apart from these issues, the game can really shine. The playable factions encourage very different play styles, have pretty interesting background stories that are explorable through the quest victory quest lines. Minor factions give the game a bit of a further twist and the interspersed winter periods are something extra to consider in your plannings.All in all, this game might well be the most interesting 4X game I have played in the last years - highly recommended!"
76561198102176419,Recommended,289130,15685897,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Tuhkaa,Good game!
,Recommended,289130,15695583,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Commander Xillian,"This game is, by all means, unique. It has a lot it brings to the table that might be hard to find in other 4X games; customization of your soldiers armaments, a civilization construction system, an intuitive and easy to use interface, and a Sci-Fi touch to fantasy for its flavor and flair. It's a fun game if you're looking for an all-around solid game. Don't let its high-notes delude you however, the game's got a few bugs, it's a little iffy on its idea of Magic, and if you're looking for some familiar cliche's to build off of, you'd best look elsewhere. The game's basic premise seems mostly to stem from a unique attitude towards magic and fantasy, where the ""Magic"" in the system is treated both as MacGuffin and common currency. But don't worry! It's also life-blood of Lich-Ghost-Knights, and the source of emo-wizards rather potent magics. What the game lacks in familiar faces, it gains in some rather fun and new archetypes, such as the affor-mentioned wizards and knights, as well as ""Dwarves"" which are really just Troglodytes in the purest sense, Druids who think of themselves as elves, statues that are alive and religious, a race of mutant infectious bugs, and to bring it all home, you got nomads with giant beetles that feel exported from Morrowind. Not that that's a bad thing. It's about the most familiar flavor this game has, the rest of it is telling you ""Welcome to something new.""At the end of the day, this game is fun. It has bugs though, and sometimes it's not exactly clear on what the quests require from you, but if you want a new flavor of 4X, give it a shot. When it's on sale. If you're going for full-price, I'd recommend first deciding if a Middle-fantasy-With-Science 4X is the flavor of game you want,"
76561198022859901,Recommended,289130,15698707,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Cupcake Sama,"Great, simple, 4x game with lots of detail. Will keep you interested for a while.The only problem is there are only 3 unit models per nation, which can get stale when customizing your army after a while.Hopefully they'll add in tons more models through updates to add to the variety that armys can have."
76561198103336826,Recommended,289130,15794413,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Stoerder,"Nice game, but overpriced Fantasy X4+ Easy interface just like civ 5+ Runs very smooth, even on extreme settings+ Regional system is innovative and fun+ polished, didnt find 1 bug- Lacks content, not many units and races- Random maps often spawn extemely unbalanced- Once you figure out how to survive, all races play the same- The battles seriously lack tactical depth and are quickly unbalanced- meaningless and expensive DLC'sWhere i spent thousands of hours on civ and always keep a shortcut on my desktop, this one will be shelved soon, it just misses too many features to offer replay, stuff like diplomacy, spies, trade, politics is all just a statistic and some  bare automatic funtions, the postive side that is that its almost impossible to screw up the code so it runs ultra smooth and bugfree, i wouldnt spend 30 on this, get it while its very cheap"
76561198051192704,Recommended,289130,15782832,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,raiders5000,"I've had this game for 6 months.Game-of-the-Year my♥♥♥♥♥I've got more hours logged into recently released early access games than this.Endless Legend suffered the same pitfalls as Civilization games critics cried about in that franchise; mainly boredom.After a certain amount of turns, you were left to sit around with your thumb up your butt.Now that the Guardians DLC has been released, I decided to try it again.It is much improved. Plays better and gives you more stuff to do while you're doing other stuff.Glad to have my thumb back.My advice to you is to not go CHEAP. If you're going to get this game, then get everything that comes with it.Even then, it ain't no game of the year. I mean, the UI is still a clusterphuq! And some things should be easier to do than the way they make it; like the Army's creation & movement. It's still good, pretty and fun, but let's not get all lady ga-ga over it."
76561198009186894,Recommended,289130,15785311,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,>>zub | grezeh,"""Such diverse! Much unit!""-unknown villageron the more serious note..it`s basically more polished Elemental with Steam integration on seems like Civ V engine(looks+behaves the same,with occasional stutter)."
,Recommended,289130,15778317,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TheImmortalConquerOfTheUniverse,Legendary game for a legendary player!
76561198132163640,Recommended,289130,14525215,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,liptchinski_vit,Very rich world and interesting strategy
,Recommended,289130,14722190,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,WiT.BluSaylor,"Endless Legend is possibly the greatest 4x game I have ever played. Scratch that, it is the greatest 4x game I have ever played. It builds off of what we loved with Endless Space, with several other great games. It has a clean, Civilization feel, with a familiar Endless Space interface, and a battle system reminiscent of Heroes of Might and Magic. It's all together a clean, fresh take on a popular strategy market. Prepare to sink your teeth into this game and never let go!"
76561198005911605,Recommended,289130,14723945,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Cora,"This game is beutiful in every way, graphics, music, gameplay, price."
,Recommended,289130,14727727,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,SubOptimizer,A good fantasy 4x civ game.
76561197970435965,Recommended,289130,14715529,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Scavinger,"I think this is the current pinnacle of Civ-like games. It has hexes. It has turn-based tactical combat. It has unit customization. It has a *great* map. The visual style is amazing. The fictional universe is engaging and very cool. The Influence system is top-notch, and puts tangible rules on diplomatic actions, which is so often missing from other games of this type. And it has a quest/story integrated into it, which draws you into things and gives you direction where other games might leave you hanging.I've played Age of Wonders 3 recently, and whereas it's an excellent game, it focuses on the combat experience much more than Endless Legend. I think if I wanted to fight more, I'd stick with AoW3. But for a richer experience, I'd recommend Endless Legend."
,Recommended,289130,14717092,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,AMCHEC,A depth filled strategy game that manages to pull off the fantasy setting. I never thought there could be such good lore in a 4x!
,Recommended,289130,14720958,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,PrinceInNovice,"try to master, kick♥♥♥♥♥by bot 10/10"
76561198017531416,Recommended,289130,14699085,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Lithos1,"Awesome game, quest driven strategy and imaginitve back stories for every race and creature."
76561198069924410,Recommended,289130,14701482,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,JoeInTheDark,"Ok I didnt think I would like this game at first. I wont lie though it is pretty good, it really surprised me by how much I liked it. I was addicted to it the first week I played. Pros to this game; its fun, lots of ways to win, different civilizations are very unique and have completely different playing style, very fun with friends.. Cons; a few bugs with multiplayer like rejoining or inviting a friend to game you last played but saved, allied teams cant win together, and some games last a long time.. Overall a really good game that deserves a chance, especially if you like the civilization series."
,Recommended,289130,14703748,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jorak,I really liked it. It is a great alternative option to civ 5.
76561197993510284,Recommended,289130,14705794,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ez_bot57,This game is the shizzzzznisseel
76561198032727671,Recommended,289130,14708128,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Allyn,If civilization 5 and heores of might and magic had a baby this would be it.
76561198031902140,Recommended,289130,14893007,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Vixvalkyr,Absolutely lovely game.
,Recommended,289130,14893133,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Sherlock Homeboy,"Cogent influence strategy game with strong popular themes and altruistic overtones, very humanist game."
76561198059395869,Recommended,289130,14896620,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ecclesiastes 9:4,"A good 4x game with fantasy themes, a good alternative to civ5 if you are getting bored of it."
,Recommended,289130,13532782,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,uP | Thormenthor,Very cool game for those who like Turn stractegy ! love artwork and how game envolves you in factions. But i have a lot of crashs ingame.
,Recommended,289130,15406097,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Shadeystorm,"This is probably one of the best rts games I have played in a long time. It doesnt have every fantasy type of race I would like to see but it has a lot going for it. THats being picky though.COmpared to many other games in all that have came out in the past two years especially the big fails of triple As and or Double As developers they have proven they are a wrothy development team. I am pretty sure they wish they could do more quicker but they push a lot but in a good way. Hope this helps others decide. ""This should be one of the first rts games you should consider to buy if your looking"""
76561198031104985,Recommended,289130,15406725,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Davetrek42,"Just enjoyable to play, beautiful to look at, and in-depth enough to feel fulfilling without being overwhelming.Also, if you find the Haunts, Assimilate them, upgrade them to T3 dust armor, and watch them scourge Auriga.Whee!"
76561198159530758,Recommended,289130,15388928,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ilia Amitola,A nice change from civ and with beyond earth not hitting to par Endless Legend is a fantastic stratergy game with an interesting battle system and a great territory feature. Highly recomend to anyone looking for something to play for a change of pace with new ideas.
76561198115162063,Recommended,289130,15490731,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,katidaniel,"Positive:Cool factionsCool innovationsInnovative UIBeautiful artworkQuestsSmart combat systemNegative:Boring mobs (always similar units in the same mob).Passive AI.Base units cost too much, leading to small armies and making it easy to win (or lose), and difficult to react on an upcoming invasion.Even with a city with maxed out industry it takes turns to create a basic unit with Tier 1 equipment. Difficult to train armies.Endless Space had by far better army management, leading to more interesting wars where you were able to turn the tide of battle even after losing a system or two."
,Recommended,289130,15494756,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,RisingDawn,The game has loads of potential but needs more units and some custom army options
,Recommended,289130,15497413,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,SmoothCollision,addicting
76561198012942245,Recommended,289130,15466816,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,enisbayramoglu,"I'm a long time 4x veteran, starting from Civ 1. 10 hours into Endless Legend, and I must say the game is amazing. Deep, complex and intewoven systems affecting each other, very asymmetric factions, nicely integrated faction-specific story and gorgeous graphics. I haven't seen any bugs yet. What more could you expect?"
,Recommended,289130,15468044,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,TheChickenBorn,"I saw this game for the free steam weekend-games. So i saw the background picture and thought it was someting like a 3D skyrim, but it I was greeted by a game, while complicated at first, that exceeded my expectations. I don't really know much games like this but if i knew a lot more, it'd be #1."
,Recommended,289130,15470527,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,OverBored,"By far the best 4X game I have played since buying Civilization V. Has so many different gameplay mechanics than the Civ series, worth buying just because it is a different enough game than any other 4X game."
,Recommended,289130,15470692,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Halfamazing,Loved it
76561198039352622,Recommended,289130,15470800,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,PriscillaTheMoonDaemon,"there could be something intellectual or meaningful here, but no, too much work"
76561198064742867,Recommended,289130,14538093,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ArcaneBore,"Great game, each factions has a very unique playstyle. GOTTA MASTER THEM ALL."
76561198060388125,Recommended,289130,13557877,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Napthus,"A wonderful adaption of the traditional Civ-infested 4X genre set in a fantasy world, with an innovative new combat system that's both simple and complex, it's one of my favourite new strategy games."
,Recommended,289130,14585961,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Knomez,I love this game. Having been a long time lover of the Sid Meier's Civilization series this game is a wonderful mix of the familiar civilization building and the unexpected.  I think Endless Legend is everything that I was hoping to get from Beyond Earth and more. I highly reccomend it.
76561197991461559,Recommended,289130,14495750,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Chuggernaut T. Stampede,Looks like a board game that grows together once the pieces are laid down.Plays like Civ 5 and HoMM had a baby.Love it.
76561198044923777,Recommended,289130,14496216,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,maestroanth,"This is Civilization done perfectly.  I also love the nuanced details like the little statistical chart that gives you the probability outcome of each action in the tactical battles, and demand charts in the marketplace, so you know exactly what's going on in the computer engine.  This is by far one of the best games on here that only heroes of might and magic can rival in terms of strategic epicness."
76561198050223403,Recommended,289130,14570246,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ThatgoodMilk,What are you waiting for buy this game already!
76561198018566960,Recommended,289130,14668051,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ussaxel,All faction has a different gameplay.Story mission to trigger victoryTatical combat ( little )All this makes a great alternative to Civ
76561197987498188,Recommended,289130,14668579,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Scythe1344,"For a Civilization fan (since 1997) this game has some flaws.The AI is a bit clunky, the ocean is kind of boring, some randomly generated maps were a bit off and a few battles could have been skipped.But there are a lot of reasons to overlook those points and enjoy the experience that this game offers.- The ressource system is unique (at least more fefined than in endless universe)- The factions are diverse and balanced- You can create and customize a lot of aspects (factions, units)Those things enable an exceptionally personalised playstyle and promise hours of entertainment.I already had had a lot of fun with it, but I'm still looking forward for further updates and improvements."
,Recommended,289130,14668720,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,3gn,Awesome game for CIV fans
,Recommended,289130,14671800,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Big Balls Small Willy,It's ok
,Recommended,289130,14732082,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Henry,One of the best games i have ever played...
76561197965837119,Recommended,289130,14749239,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Anomalousresult,"If you're playing Civ 5, you should play this instead.If you played Master of Orion 2, you should play this now."
76561198034664675,Recommended,289130,14742023,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,davidsvoice,an interesting alternative to Civ
,Recommended,289130,15992078,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Rival Giant,"Very fun, Endless legend is a good Civ 5 Alternative. But only use the 32 Bit version. 64 Bit build is broken."
76561198171974534,Recommended,289130,16032907,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Manticore,I love this game I give it 10/10 the only problem was when I broke PC screen when I lost an important battle then I raged quit
,Recommended,289130,16034239,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ImperatorThax,A very good game :)
76561198082187634,Recommended,289130,16047742,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Eremita,Its a game where you can take on the empire of a great anthropomorphic draconic race that is known throughout the world for its great and terrible power offorcing people to be your friends.10/10
76561198108035177,Recommended,289130,16061458,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Toxic Rick,This Legend is endless
76561198067849128,Recommended,289130,15893704,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,tayamou,"amazingly fun game, felt alot like civilization in fact the ui was so similiar i would have to say it is the same with with some good sized tweaks, i actually prefer the citizen management city growth and army usage over civilization 5. i prefer civ AE unit diversity more i think but i prefer the scifi feel mabey. I think if the two games every really collaberated on something to make a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ baby the game would be so amazing either of its parents would be made obsolete"
76561198108540949,Recommended,289130,15973985,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Atlas Shade,I LOVE IT
76561198107054669,Recommended,289130,14768018,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Velvatine Rabbit,A really good game and highly recommended in my book... You guys should seriously give it a try... However you don't have to take my word for it.:D
76561198031179560,Recommended,289130,15803753,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,spoonjk,"I am an avid 4x strategy game fan, and have played countless games in the genre. I never thought anything could dethrone Civ5, but Endless Legend has done exactly that. The game is beautiful if you a good PC, but still runs okay with low graphic settings on my original Surface Pro, and the interface works well on a touch screen. I love how the battles play out on the map so where you fight can be just as important as which units that are in the battle. On the topic of units, some people might not like this game's seemingly limited selection, but I think it actually works to its advantage. Each unit has distinct advantages and weaknesses beyond the typical rock-paper-scissors approach. In addition, individual units can also be upgraded with different armors and weapons which effect their effectiveness against different classes of units (e.g. Spears against mounted, swords against ranged, etcetera). Weapons and shields actually show on the units, too. Considering the level of customization each unit has, a larger variety of units would be overwhelming. The only legitimate complaint I can find with the game is that the AI is pretty easy, especially if you are a seasoned strategy game player. Over all, I think Endless Legend is the new king of 4x strategy"
76561198093622787,Recommended,289130,15804063,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,henryayresbrown,"Awesome, awesome fantasy 4X. Diverse, specific factions. Really cool lore that links it to the other Amplitude titles (Endless Space, Dungeon of the Endless). Favorite 4X I've ever played."
,Recommended,289130,15854204,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,HerpMaDerp,"Civ V and Heroes of Might & Magic have a lovechild and raise it in the Endless universe.That game grows up to become Endless Legend.This game is severely under-appreciated and it should be bigger than Civ V tenfold by now..That being said, if you have a shaky internet connection don't hold your breath for online play as the netcode could be lots better and having to revert 2-3 turns every half hour might drive you insane (Cable/LAN is desync-free)Buy it."
,Recommended,289130,15855830,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Outlaw,good gameplay and graphics very entertaning
76561198032492650,Recommended,289130,15766808,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,torradin341,Awesome. Best 4x I've ever played.
,Recommended,289130,15771462,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ApacheMaster,"I don't review games.The price is worth the visuals alone. Support this studio. It's not the over-marketed rubbish we're used to.You'll actually have to learn how to play, though. It takes some learning."
76561198029007199,Recommended,289130,13172218,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,J666,"This is not a copy of Civilization in fantasy world and you might be disappointed, if you expect it to be so. Endless Legend is  also civ-building TBS on hexes, but it also something more and something different. The game has its own unique style and brings many innovations. If you are a fan of civ-like games, I am pretty sure you are going to like it as I do."
,Recommended,289130,13173204,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Knight Of Felvis,"Very fun 4x. With some nice twists, this is a steam sale item i dont regret buying lmao."
76561197995479700,Recommended,289130,13174658,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Siphaed,"I've only played 5hrs thus far and it's very, very addictive.  The game has some great visual appeal, even for a zoomed out strat game.   Plays much like a Civ game, but without being a Civ game.   It's fun and interesting and a very well thinker.   My biggest issue with the game is how people who are in PEACE with you can still close their boarders, shutting off travel of your armiest in certain areas.   And to try to diplomatically open them again is a real pain because the payment the AI requires for such things that they they reneg only a few turns later on."
76561198027889509,Recommended,289130,13174803,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,PengoPaddy,Brand new take on fantasy 4x. Brilliant.
76561197998740055,Recommended,289130,13177492,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Spacemania,"I do not know how this happened, but the creators of this series appears to have out Civilized, the civilization series. While some of the base mechanics are akin to the Endless Space series such as the use of dust and heroes, others are reminicant of the newer Civilization games such as the map layout. I think what strikes me most is the battle mechanic. Its a refreshing new take for a strategy game that truly is workable for TBS games. Rather than having a 100 unit ""stack of Doom"" ala Civ II or being stuck with 1 unit per square ala Civ V - you can create armies of a limited size (that grows dependant on army leaders skill or tech) but still maintain a reasonable cap. The best part is the actual fight where it utilizes the area of the skirmish like a chess-board but incorperating the enviromental elements for each square. So now its vastly past the scale of one unit on grassland looking up at a foe on a hill, you now need to take into account several hex units out which adds a very rich level of battle that the TBS series sorely needs.Fraxis, take note of this game."
76561198031515709,Recommended,289130,13090758,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Ultimate Lugia,"If you like games like Civilization, this is worth the buy."
76561198079252988,Recommended,289130,13092880,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Gotdzellal,"Overall, a really fun game to play. I chose this over Civ beyond earth and really like it thusfar. some negatives: it sometimes crashes and It would be cool if there was an auto-save option so not evrything is lost ( happende once, dont really know if there actually is an autosave option) and sometimes the lore-quests are bugged (a certain hereo needs to be in a city for 2 turns, but the turns always reset/ the quest never completes) other than that its pretty good game"
,Recommended,289130,13194126,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Raziel,"Well I am only 4 hours in and already this feels so much better than the glowing hyped up piece of garbage that civ5 is and judging from the meh reviews for civ beyond earth I am sure this is better than that as well. So glad I found this game, I had been sort of interested in endless space but 4x in space has never really captured my imagination but when I saw this I had to get it. 9/10 (score may change after more hours in but I doubt it will go south)"
,Recommended,289130,13196755,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,RooK,"4X of the Year, hands down."
,Recommended,289130,13201425,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ian,"I have about 40 hours on this game that is not logged on my Steam account.  I love it.  This game is like Civilization, but also like Might and Magic.  The diplomacy is awesome.The biggest problem I have with it so far is that the AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor.  I know this is a known issue and that it is being worked on.  They don't seem to coordinate very well and don't go for your jugular, even if you leave a city wide open with no defense.  This may have changed in recent patches.The flip side is that this game feels made for multiplayer.  There is no way to exploit another human in this game.  It is so much about trust and betrayal.  So high quality, 92/100."
,Recommended,289130,13202818,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,imKrystian,"It's a very confusing and unorthodox way of playing, but this game isn't for everyone. It is unique in the way that I've never seen a style like this. I did enjoy it after I got the hang of it."
,Recommended,289130,13204015,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,AstroCat,"Just getting going but seems like a really fresh 4X ""fantasy"" game. Seems a lot like the pen and paper game ""Numenera"" which is cool. A lot to like here, I'd say give it a go if you are into the genre. Fun soundtrack as well!"
76561198108774175,Recommended,289130,13206470,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,jackulua,"Very good. First 4x game I've actually lost to AI in the first hundred turns. Very deep system, must buy."
76561198025903993,Recommended,289130,13188164,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,xaaaaguuuu,"Great game and very beautifully rendered graphics.  The battle system is a little different and takes time to get used to (due to its plot like interface).  Had some lag while running the game in the late stages that might have been fixed.  Unit customization is great but I would like to see armor effects on the characters, not just the same old meshes.  Stategy wise I find this game interesting while at the same time familiar from similar titles.  This game needs some work but I can definitely see it heading in the right direction by the game developers.  I ran this game on high settings with a 3820 CPU, GTX 680, 16GB of RAM, and a 256GB solid state."
76561198141262714,Recommended,289130,13189566,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,rosie.hammans,Well I love Civ V and after reading some good reviews I thought I try out Endless Legend. It feels like a game with a lot of potential but probably needs some slickening up. It is still taking me a bit of time to get to grips with the mechanics of the more complicated parts of the game and I find the factions are quite specific and less well rounded than some of the multitasking and adaptive play you can develop with Civ but I think that does give each faction a more specialist and fine tuned manner of play. With practice I think I could improve a lot and therefore enjoy it more but it takes some effort to get into basically- but it is worth it I think as it is an excellent game.I hope they keep developing it because they are very good at listening to feedback and improving so fingers crossed!
,Recommended,289130,13179211,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,BoredLion,"A Fantasy Civ Game done right.I'm a massive fan of civ building games, but there's been very little I've found for fantasy that is able to scratch the itch on the fantasy side. Warlock (By paradox) is reasonably solid, it was just very uninspiring and left a LOT to be desired. Too much focus on magic, not enough on the world. Endless Legend satisfies every itch that I had. The research is simple and easy, city management is simple and obvious to anyone who's a fan of 4X games, the Heroes add an nice extra mechanic, and customising and creating your own units and a glorious dimension to the whole experience. The civilisations are nicely different to each other, and if none of them really fit for you, you can go straight ahead and make your own. Multiplayer is very nicely implimented, equipment options and use of the materials and minerals in game are excellently done.I have practically no complaints about this, which is impressive.I've barely played 10 hours of this at time of writing and I already love it to bitsI recommend this game HIGHLY if you like 4X"
76561198068592779,Recommended,289130,11859500,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,duncan-wow,"very nice 4X game,as good as AoW3 and warock2.but still the AI not strong enough on late game."
,Recommended,289130,12783693,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Luciforged,"Every Endless game I have played has been fantastic and unique but also connects the lore of the others.Endless Space, 4x Space Empire GameDungeon of the Endless, Tower Defense, RPG, RougelikeEndless Legend, Civ 5 and Heroes of Might and MagicI hope to see more great stuff by this developer."
76561198113247265,Recommended,289130,12906963,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,xXFrozen_DreamsXx,"Very good game but i have ran into an error on my 110 turn. That when i manually do a battle it crashes, but when i auto resolve it doesnt crash. So in the end i give it about a 8.5/10"
76561198005839853,Recommended,289130,12911877,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Slapstick,"This game is not only brilliant, but every other brilliant game in the genre has always had ""that one thing"" that you wish was different, or not quite as good as some other game. Well this game nails all of those things and keeps the game slick, intruiging and utterly delicious. Different factions that actually play out differently in playing style is also a massive bonus. Couldn't recommend the game enough. P.S. Decent PC recommended."
,Recommended,289130,12882559,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,omni,Like Civ 5 except better in every way. Great graphics and music. The UI is fantastic. And so much variety between factions. Plus the combat is really interesting. Great fun all around.
,Recommended,289130,12883041,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Arthur,Besides a lack in naval warfare and a few minor lackings in coperative multiplayer it bests Civ 5 in every manner.It's the best 4X strategy game I've ever played.Really excited to see what amplitude has in store for the future for not only this game but other titles.
76561198037252284,Recommended,289130,12883737,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Jurmil,"Far, Far better than Civ.BE, only thing lacking is not so epic victory screen after pretty catchy Faction quests"
,Recommended,289130,12887405,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,etarez,Achievement Get : buy more RAM
76561198017904677,Recommended,289130,12887677,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ghostoforion,"Really well thought-out game mechanics, and a refreshing take on TBS games.  Can't wait to see what comes out.  Game still needs a little love and content for replayability and to make it worth the price."
76561197971261464,Recommended,289130,12494056,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,seraph144,"Excellent 4x game. Once the AI gets a second pass (which the devs have already promised for the next patch), this will truly be epic. Definitely a good buy for anyone who like Civilization-style games."
76561198045056012,Recommended,289130,12494182,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,amjadken,love the game highly recommend. I just hit one snag and it may just be my PC but once I get to turn 200 and beyond the game starts to seriously lag.
,Recommended,289130,12494601,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,DarkRaven14,"Crazy additive - all the good parts of Endless Space are still here at heart, but it's more than different enough to feel like a fresh concept. It can be difficult at first to get the hang of it all, and at times the AI seemed a bit lackluster, but overall I still had a LOTof fun with it. Plus it's beautiful, the art style is prettyt cool, and has a great soundtrack."
,Recommended,289130,12494928,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Abyssionknight,"Rating: 8/10Pros:- Beautiful Scenery that you actually enjoy looking at (with thankfully the option to view a more 'map' perspective if you dont want the visual clutter).- Variety of Factions with unique abilities to supplement faction units- Province System prevents the game from being about mass spam of cities, forces consideration on where in a province a city should be placed, and can also encourage more battles.- Open ended tech tree with no pre-reqs (beyond having enough tech to reach the next tech age) is very nice and allows a lot of flexibility and creativity.Cons:- With only 3 units per faction, you're a little limited on choices. The Factions do exist to provide variety, but you have to side track yourself to get enough slots to have more than one of those  factions units available for supplementing your forces.- Game can be a little tedious as it gets later- Ai is terrible at city planning and positioning.- Ai also tends to be very passive- The above issues mean that, if someone joins your multiplayer session after it started (or had internet issues and reconnect a bit later), they're usually in a terrible position- Multiplayer matchmaking is poor, often showing only 1-6 games available, even when there are more games online (often had issues where people I know make a game and I can't see it, forcing me to get an invite from them).In Conculsion: While the game has a lot of flaws, it's still ultimately fun to play, and a nice casual game you can easily spend an afternoon playing. I don't know if i'd recommend it for veteran strategy gamers, but it's definitely good for newbies or moderately skilled players."
76561198076915921,Recommended,289130,12604345,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,OUTSIDER371,decent game worth buying
76561198026262335,Recommended,289130,12605324,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Magnapinna Pacifica,This game was really fun on an Acer W700 Tablet set to pretty bad graphics when only the original 4 civs were available. I bet it would be way more fun now on my late 2013 Macbook Pro. If only they would release the Mac version.
,Recommended,289130,12606467,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Star-Lord,"Great Game, worth the buy"
,Recommended,289130,12609289,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,【❢HAMA❢】,i ve been playing scince 6 hours and i have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ am doing11/10
76561197975429356,Recommended,289130,12633513,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Tymel,"Very attractive style and a clean interface with good mechanics, it's a fun game.  It is a bit difficult to control units within battle at times, but I liked the RPG elements and the inventory configuration.  The factions are really very attractive, and have some nicely varied mechanics."
,Recommended,289130,12829525,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,progflea,Very enjoyable. Has enough unique characteristics to stand apart from the obvious comparisons.
,Recommended,289130,12535609,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Ȃndromeda,"If you're into 4X games on any level you'll find this one enjoyable. If you liked Endless Space or Civ 5 then you'll love this. It improves it on just about every facet. Absolutely love the theme and graphics. The only downside is combat. I simply set it to 'auto' and let it do it's thing (much like in ES).  Maybe they'll improve in future updates, but the other aspect are so strong that I don't exactly miss it or seek it out."
76561197960271839,Recommended,289130,13700661,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,arkose,Fun with a capital F!
,Recommended,289130,13702543,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Fuzzy Snehk,A properly good 4X game with what feels like a lot of differences between factions and a really cool way of getting new kinds of units.
76561198006443379,Recommended,289130,13703959,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ace_bandage,"Very enjoyable strategy game. Worth trying even if you didn't like Endless Space (which I did not.)There's a great deal of depth in the mechanics. Unit selection is somewhat disappointing, but it doesn't detract from the gameplay. Graphics are very unusual and I'd rate them the best in any 4X I've played. There's alot of personality in the world, with tons of flavor text. City building is satisfyingly deep but can require some micromanagement if you have alot of cities. There's a governor for that though I haven't tried it. The research tree isn't a tree exactly as you can research anything in a given tier at a time. It also forces real choices since you can't realistically get them all. I've read that some people don't like the combat but I find it enjoyable. It takes place on actual game hexes, rather than some arbitrary battleground. You can assign units to attack a particular unit or (if available) heal/buff a friendly unit instead. There's not a ton of movement involved. There's no flanking that I'm aware of, or penalties for moving into or out of hexes adjacent to enemies.My one complaint is that the game crashes to desktop on me frequently. I'm late into a game and it's crashing every single time I end a turn. Luckily it's a clean crash and the game boots right back up but it can be very frustrating.So a qualified recommendation on this one - assuming they patch whatever is causing it to crash. Otherwise if you like research/empire building/exploration more than pure combat in your strategy games then you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,289130,13705193,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Razor,Only....one......more......round!Extremly addicting 4X Game that is best described as a mix of Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic. I will surely loose many nights to this game.
76561198019750849,Recommended,289130,13677798,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MethixSKS,"Like Civ 5, Master of Orion 2, and the better bits of the Settlers' games all in one delicious high-fantasy package."
,Recommended,289130,13679065,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Inflictor,"Although subjective, my opinion is that this game is *THE* next generation of 4x games. The attention placed into details is amazing - not the kind that bores you too!A must-play."
,Recommended,289130,13679976,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ZipZap13,Absolutely spectacularThis game is like the offspring of The Elder Scrolls and Civilization.Very in depth with a soundtrack and visuals that will take your breath away.A very well done new take on the RTS genre10/10
76561198063957306,Recommended,289130,13680888,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Smurf My Turf,good..
,Recommended,289130,13682348,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Arameda,"Probably one of the best 4X titles I've ever played that follows the Civilisation track of progression. That said, lots of great changes - Proper regions with DEFINED BORDERS, Controllable, tactical combat, Army design, Unit customisation, Clever Diplomacy. In essence, it fixes a lot of the issues a lot of Civ diehards have with the latest entries. The graphics are simply gorgeous, For the price, it's worth every penny.Yes, it is leaps and bounds better than Civ: Beyond Earth.Issues? Some of the AI can be notoriously stupid. Not a huge fan of the Winter mechanic in its current form."
76561198068208518,Recommended,289130,13682568,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Paul Plasmus,"Excellent interpretation of 4X strategy gaming. Fantasy setting and gorgeous world design, high faction and unit variety, and a detailed and tactical combat system definitely make this one worth picking up."
,Recommended,289130,13687228,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sieabah L. Park,"This game at first may seem like another Civilization game but it's much more than that. It does pull from the hex-tile playstyle that Civ has but also lives heavily in the 'Endless' universe. The stories and quests of each faction are great, making you wish that there were even more factions. You're able to create your own in this game, but are forced to base it off the given factions. The gameplay itself is rewarding if you know what you're doing but punishing if you're completely new to the 4X genre or this game. The way battles are handled in this game is different and unique a great way to use the land to your advantage.Overall this is a great game, there are very few bugs and the only complaints I have are late game when you don't have any production you're continually getting popups warning you that there is no production. I recommend picking this game up if you're looking for a good 4X title to play."
,Recommended,289130,12483492,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Heart of Gold,"If you like civilization and you like rpgs, this is your game"
,Recommended,289130,12466837,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,iefan,"This is a pretty fun 4X fantasy game. I don't feel like it's as polished as Endless Space, but I've enjoyed playing it regardless."
76561197964015193,Recommended,289130,12467839,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Soulless Minion of Orthodoxy,"In short:  A great civ style game by the makers of Endless Space.  A lot of fun interesting concepts/mechanics are introduced to the genre.  The game as a good, clean look, and fun execution.  A game on normal speed concludes faster than most entries in the genre, without feeling rushed.  I highly recommend this game to fans of the genre.Some of the those interesting concepts/mechanics worth mentioning:The map is divided into regions, and only one city can be built per region, but gives control of the region, allowing harvest of all the strategic and luxury resources therein.  Luxury resources are accumulated and an amount based on number of cities are consumed for a 10 round buff that is different for each resource.Military units are grouped together into armies with an optional leader hero, and move as a group.  Combat arrays the units of opposing armies against each other.  You give each unit directions at the start of a round of combat, and every unit acts.  Combat takes place on the world map, and nearby armies and cities can provide reinforcements which trickle into combat on subsequent rounds.Rather than having a series of ever increasingly powerful military units to research, each faction only has a couple to research.  Instead equipment is researched which can be equiped on units increasing their industry cost, and sometimes requiring strategic resources.Each region contains 1-3 minor faction villages which will occasionally generate roaming armies.  Pacifying villages (through combat, spending dust (money), or doing a quest for them will halt army generation.  Pacified villages in a colonized region can provide increased population in the city and can be assimilated into the empire allowing production of that type of military unit and also providing a passive bonus, such as increased science, increased health regeneration on armies, or a reduction in cost for building construction in cities.An influence resource which is generated in cities can be used every 20 turns to set policy for the next 20 turns, giving options like increased attack on military units, increased dust generation on trade rounds, or extra science generation.Rather than a tech tree, technology is divided into tiers.  Each tech researched increases the cost of all further technologies, and each tier is unlocked based on the total number of technologies researched.A few negatives to counterbalance my gushing enthusiasm:  Early military conquest is perhaps to easily available as an option (at least against AI - I haven't played vs.).  A successful early military campaign pretty much trumps any other strategy.  Co-operative play isn't supported - no allied victory and all diplomatic actions, including trading tech and resources, cost influence.  District leveling mechanics are not explained in the tutorial.  A quick google search will lead to an explanation, though adding to the confusion, one of the top results is from the beta indicates that districts above level 2 are possible*, which is no longer true.  A proper understanding of district mechanics is critical for the mid and late game, and a lack of a clear explanation is disappointing.*As an aside, one faction, the cultists, can reach level 3 on their districts."
76561198002712207,Recommended,289130,12469663,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Akuma,"From the perspective of a Civ player I have to say that this is an amazing game! It is also not that difficult to get into if you've played a Civ game as the core is (fairly) similar. I decided to get this instead of Civ Beyond Earth. The main reason behind this is I feel that Civ:BE is too similar to Civ 5 in terms of gameplay.Endless Legend has some refreshing concepts e.g. Heroes, items, winter/summer seasons, and custom factions (though the default ones are all very well made). I would rate it 9/10.The minor issues I have is that interacting with the other factions feels a bit bland when they very often use the same exact text response to a proposal (voice or different text depending on faction would be better). I haven't played a complete game yet but some victory conditions (I think 8 different) could be more interesting. Gather enough diplomatic points, enough dust (gold), research the last 6 techs, or build a certain wonder feels like a 1-stage approach to victory. For example to research something, build it and then protect it for x turns from other factions would be more interesting."
,Recommended,289130,12491119,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Astns,"I've been very impressed by this game, very slick UI, original and varied factions, great setting and music. If you like empire building 4X games, this is for you."
81581581581581581,Recommended,289130,12491871,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,andar815,I wrote a review of this game which can be seen in video form here.I enjoyed it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vz7U4Gub-U&list=UUobSpDdZ7j2FiPrqMd-g6aQ
76561198040054799,Recommended,289130,12419258,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,ronaldkirkuk,"Awesome game, very addictive need more games like this."
,Recommended,289130,12485215,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Apalard,You can play as a freaking race of dragons 10/10
,Recommended,289130,12751478,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Citizen Kane,"Many elements from Endless Space, minus the game breaking Pirates and late game AI Godmode.  I was very skeptical having been severely disappointed with Endless Space, but this is an improvement.The factions feel very diverse, and the combat can be as tedious as you want it to be.  The UI, graphics, and art are beautiful, but some of the mechanics in combat could use a little polish, as they're either not explained or displayed properly (ie: need an indicator of what units are getting dragged into a battle as reinforcements BEFORE I initiate, thanks).Ultimately, probably worth the money if you wanted Endless Space, but more refined."
76561198103747786,Recommended,289130,12745496,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,EnemaBandit,"Endless Legend takes the very solid foundations of Endless Space and builds an awesome game. Everything lacking in Endless Space is now there: hands on tactical combats, fleshed out and very different factions, fleshed out and lively world, heroes now ready to be geared, loot, engaging story-telling and absolutely gorgeous graphics. The hex map is divided in regions allowing only one city per region, a refreshing and welcome change to the old formula.The tech tree lacks flavor and the naval aspect is practically non-existent, but this doesnt deter from a very solid game with intense gameplay and high replayability."
76561198007198536,Recommended,289130,10890668,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Saitam39,"Even in its unfinished state, unpolished ideas can be seen glinting like uncut diamonds. The seed is there, if the developer can execute and refine this game will be a dangerously addictive TBS game."
,Recommended,289130,12689092,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,D_Easy,"Despite Endless Legend's stark differences from more traditional turn-based strategy games like Civilization and Total War, the game is endless *heh* fun, and it really is these differences that set it apart from other turn-based games. Each faction has a different playstyle, forcing the player to adapt to the dramatic differences between each group and generating the need for a different mindset regarding expansion, scientific research, economic growth, and militaristic might. Endless Legend's ingame features make it exciting to play, from assimilating nearby villages into your nation for bonuses, exploring ancient ruins for long lost treasure, to conquering the forces of nature to survive the harsh winters. With this in mind I would absolutely recommend this game to any fan of turn-based strategy who is looking for a fresh take on the genre, because it doesn't get much more exciting than this."
,Recommended,289130,12624929,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Philli,"The artwork, layout, combat sequences, and many other features of Endless Legend have a very unique, fun, and beautiful overall presentation. This game is a breath of fresh air for the 4X strategy genre."
,Recommended,289130,12528515,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Jagannath,This is a very enjoyable 4-X game that offers high replayability with the range of factions that they offer. Each playthrough offers interesting and fun challenges that I can face however I want. It also is extremely fun in multiplayer but also extremely addicting. Three-thumbs up and a roller-coaster of emotional strife. Do buy.
76561198046805132,Recommended,289130,12529740,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Strauss806,"Huge thumbs up so far.  I've played through all of the races on easy, obtaining all of the victory types at least once.  This game is quite complicated and takes some getting used to.  Don't lose patience.  Knowing how Endless Space works is also very helpful - I have about 500+ hours on record in ES.  I've moved on to the higher difficulty settings now, and am finding a rewarding challenge to most/all aspects of the game.For Endless Space owners leery of purchasing Endless Legend, I will recommend Endless Legend for one huge reason.  They kept ALL of the great things about ES intact (FIDS, race diversity, anomalies, plots & challenges) but got rid of the ONE huge annoyance with ES which was ""AI fleet spamming.""  It's very possible in EL to win the game with a few garrisson units protecting each city, and maybe one to two invading armies.  Sometimes even less than that.  At no point have I felt that the AI has infinite units to throw at me, so military does not have to be an 'all in' proposition.Also, in deference to other 4X games such as Civ 4-5 and Endless Space, it is NOT critical in Endless Legend to expand as quickly as possible.  In ES, rapid early expansion is required, and in the Civ games you either have to commit to early expansion or one uber-city for the majority of each campaign.  However EL does a fabulous job (best I've ever seen actually) at letting the player expand early, late, or not at all, and still have a great time with commerce, science, culture, and growth.  The burrough system enables you to maximize one or a few cities, or you can expand as quickly as you desire across the map and find success there too.Graphics are positively beautiful but the root mechanics of the game are near flawless.  The racial and map diversities ensure massive replayability.  The AI is very good (much improved over ES IMHO), and the story lines are surprisingly intricate while super easy to follow.Constructive feedback for future releases:I would like to see more racially specific tech options in future updates.  Races have delightfully diverse affinity effects, however the tech trees are relatively congruent; not many special buildings, etc.  Would also like to have a few more music tracks, but what's there is nice.  When you log as many hours as I do in these games, it's nice to mix it up.  Bugs are clearing up quickly thanks to Amplitude's impeccable customer service and response time.Highly Recommend - Merci beaucoup, tout le monde chez Amplidude!"
76561198001026200,Recommended,289130,12532016,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Nodor,"Excellent Sci-Fi/Fantasy 4x.Each Faction plays differntly, lots  of map options.Great Stories."
,Recommended,289130,12532698,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Mag0ne,"Calling this game a Civ clone doesn't really do it justice.  It falls shy of Civ's greatness, but brings plenty to the table that civilization can't touch.  My favorite thing that stands out from this release is the style. No faction is cookie cutter, compared to say, Heroes of Might and Magic.  In that series, you have the noble knight guys, the elf guys, the undead guys, the demon guys, etc.  In Endless Legend, each faction borrows from some of the tropes but does a lot to break away from them, also.  For instance, where you might expect to find a ""Wizard Faction"", Endless Legend grants you the Ardent Mages, a cabal of wizards who unleash their magic through personal torment, and who learned their powers in the grip of those who once enslaved them.  To maintain their power, they torture themselves.  Or perhaps the ""Noble Knight"" faction who is actually the Broken Lords, a society of ghosts locked in empty suits of armor.  They harvest the worlds magic resource, ""dust"", to stay alive.  That is, until it's discovered they can gain power much more easily by drinking the souls of living beings.  The game takes the keen style and applies it to every aspect of the game.  Even the hex-by-hex descriptions and bonuses are intriguing.The gameplay stands up, also.  It doesn't get bogged down as much in the later stages as Civ does, but at the same time setting goals and acheiving them for your empire seems cumbersome.  This is partially due to the increasing frequency of Winter, which comes and lasts for a few turns and first, and then becomes more common as the game progresses.  It's an interesting design decision, but generally halves just about everything you do, from movement to land bonuses.  I'm not sure the game is better off with it.I'm still playing, and if you aren't already, you should start."
,Recommended,289130,25884695,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,[C.H.U.D.],Great game and it makes chinese pirates angry
,Recommended,289130,25884698,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,shadetech,This is a fun game and is very well supported by the devs. The unit upgrade system is overly complex and clunky in my opinion but I still had a lot of fun with it.
,Recommended,289130,25884719,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Temp,Beautiful and wonderfully immersive.
,Recommended,289130,25884842,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Friendomorph,"For some reason, the CIV series never grew on me. I picked up engless legend during a sale and was blown away by the appearance, and gameplay. It takes a little bit to understand coming from someone who doesn't regularily play 4x strategy games, but its worth the time commitment."
,Recommended,289130,25884845,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,fredd69,"A phenomenal and incredibly well made 4x game. The learning curve can be a bit steep, but stick with it, it's well worth the time you put into learning it. Each of the factions is well balanced and support multiple play styles."
,Recommended,289130,25886387,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Erthael,"A nice take on 4x, with a great take on asymetrical factions."
,Recommended,289130,25886500,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,parslow,"This is one of the best 4x games to come out in a long time, better than civ series imo."
76561198037421691,Recommended,289130,25886519,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,TheTechnomancer,"Great game. I much prefer this over Civ 5, and you can see Civ 6 is copying some of their mechanics. Having few distinct factions compared to Civ's almost identical factions is great and makes the game much more interesting."
,Recommended,289130,26222153,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Snakbite,Still not better than Roblox 2/10
,Recommended,289130,26194091,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Lint Wizard,"It kept me engaged, learning both lore and mechanics, as I set about winning my first-ever game - which took me around 280 turns and near 24 combined hours on Normal.My only complaint so far is that it took long enough for me to surpass my 7 AI rivals in power that I really should have lost: the first AI to reach 1/5 on the Victory Quest did so almost 150 turns earlier, but none of them ever explored the target ruins. It actually seemed like I was playing against a pack of hibernating bears most of the game.So far I am optimistic that I simply chose an unusual map archetype that they weren't adequately designed to handle at that difficulty setting. Everyone started on a large island of their own, but all of the strategic and most of the luxury resources were on a vast continent. They were good about claiming ocean fortresses to get some strategic resource bonuses, but only two AIs ever explored the mainland and not until around turn 200. They didn't technically have to go there to reach 2/5 in the Victory Quest, though, so I'm not sure what all the problems were."
,Recommended,289130,25880375,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,KingCrizzo,Great game.
76561197996845100,Recommended,289130,25880479,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Rage,"Endless Legend is a great fantasy stratergy. I dont usually enjoy the hex based games (like Civ) but I really enjoyed the themes and depth of this one, with the different styled races and tech trees. Heaps of customization between factions and units as well as good MP.Definately recommend this game."
76561198017437718,Recommended,289130,25880591,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Tostreim,"Really fun game, would recommend to anyone who likes civ style gameplay in a fantasy setting."
76561198044150741,Recommended,289130,25880665,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Fox,"This game has some of the most interesting factions available in any 4x game I've encountered. Factions have abilities and restrictions that make playing as each race a different experience from the others.The only caveat is the tactical combat. Some games allow one side to issue all of their orders at once, then you switch sides. I move unit A, attack with B, heal with C, and not it's the other team's turn. I've seen other systems which bring up turns based on a speed stat, so I move unit A, the enemy attacks with unit X, the enemy moves unit Y, I attack with unit B, and so on. Either system is fine, because you always know what is going to happen with each unit, barring RNG. This game tries to combine the systems. You issue orders to your entire team at once, but they execute those orders, along with the enemy, in order of the speed stat for the game. If the order you issues a unit becomes impossible to carry out when that unit's turn arrives (the target hex is occupied or the target unit is dead, for instance), they revert to whatever basic attack, defend, passive stance you give the whole army at the beginning of each battle. It all makes the combat feel very squishy to me. I understand the realism associated with not having complete control of units during a battle, but it doesn't feel fun in this case. I've searched in vain for a mod to change this, but I haven't found one yet.That criticism aside, I enjoy the game immensely."
76561198044577635,Recommended,289130,25880717,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Boot,Fantastically designed 4x game. Scratches the itch for all lovers of the Civilization series who would like to try something a bit different.
,Recommended,289130,25880758,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TXinTXe,"One of the best 4X games of all time, with an astonishing visual design and some unique mechanics."
,Recommended,289130,25880759,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Izzac,"With 200+ hours played, Endless Legend is finally the game that replaced Civ 5 (700+ hrs) as my primary 4X game.  If you have any interest at all in the 4X genre, Endless Legend is 100% worth a buy."
,Recommended,289130,25880775,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,SweeTARTS Candy®,"Great game. A bit more indirect and takes awhile to get used to compared to Civ, but it has way more depth. Battles themselves are their own strategy game.The scifi setting is refreshing as well.Get the game full price if you love 4x strategy. Get the game on sale with all DLC if you are a casual Civ player, like me."
76561197975018455,Recommended,289130,25880912,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sotetsu,"A wonderful 4x game. This is the most enjoyable, beautiful, and well designed fantasy 4X I've ever played."
,Recommended,289130,25880927,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Izzi,"Forget the Civilization series, this is a better 4X strategy game!Endless Legend has amazing:- Combat. A mix of one-unit-per-tile and stack-of-doom that combines the best of both. Good mechanics for siege and reinforcement that give you plenty of space to be clever.- Factions. Very unique playstyles. Tank all the damage as the Broken Lords, zerg rush as the Necrophages, or rain down AOE hell with the Argent Mages.- Lore. Very rich setting. Under the fantasy lies magic-is-nanotech with super advanced aliens - but they make it work! They like to break fantasy stereotypes - e.g. their orcs are archers, their vampires are nights in shining armor, their elves are industrial builders.- Art. Beautiful 2D graphics. Beautiful 3D graphics. They go out of their way to make each faction's look stand out from the cookie-cutter knights/dwarves/elves/etc.- Clean UI. Veterans of other 4X games should have no problem picking it up.One downside is no naval combat - except that's coming in the next expansion!"
,Recommended,289130,13837806,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,BAKA Ruiner,"You know those games you see that you've never played before but you feel like you know how you'd like it? You can already feel how the game will play in a way, almost like you were the one who imagined it there rather than someone else.This game is like that for me.This is an amazing fantasy themed 4X that can seem very Civ on the surface and is very much it's own animal on closer observation. It's almost hard to find a starting point because nearly everything in this game is so distinct, but I'll try:The art and soundtrack are exceptional, whether it's the fully rendered vistas of your empire or just the window for a quest option showing a far off mountain or a group of people huddled around a fire. You hear the wardrums of your units engaging in combat or the soft violins of your empire at peace and you can almost just listen to that for a while. When you see a unit or a place or even just a piece of terrain you will know what that place is after you've seen it once or twice, because there's almost nothing else like it.The empire management that works so well in Endless Space is back in it's own way: there are a lot of tooltips and helpful things to make it just that much easier. Yet, at the same time, it's different. You manage cities which manage regions, blossoming out on long spots of the map, each with their own names and terrain features like the catrography so commonly featured at the front of old and new fantasy novels. You manage populations carefully, having them deticated to certain resources and making careful choices between growth and city satisfaction. Diplomacy has it's own resource and is extremely important, and long term planning seriously benefits you as you figure determine a plan for your empire every so many turns that influences your later resources and options. Even researching is slightly different: you progress through ages, after so many researches growing into a more advanced and capable empire in whatever way you deem important, even as previous ages become harder to draw researches from. There are just so many choices and so many of them are very important.Combat is very fun. It's just the right mix of control and lack thereof, with a very unique way of making each battlefield different. Units spread out from their normal armies and take up space on sectioned off parts of the world terrain, making use of height advantages or cover from woods, powers or bonuses from their unit type or weaponry. You can also customize your units, nearly all of them. If you want your basic infantry to be crossbowmen with shields you have a ranged unit with decent damage and very good protection, if you want to change those out for a long bow, you have high ranged damaged for a slight hit in that defense. If, say, you research the capabilities to mine one of the many strange materials on Auriga (the planet the game takes place on) and turn it into weaponry, you can arm your units with equipment that might change how they do things or make them even better at their jobs for a cost. The number of options may seem daunting but the easy at which you can manipulate them makes it just another exceptionally excecuted layer of this game's complexity.And, every side is very unique, both in lore and mechanics. The Drakken are large, powerful dragons and dragonkind seeking to maintain Auriga's stores of artifacts from a bygone and extremely advanced civization, but are also exceptional diplomats and are generally trying to ensure the populations of this planet in turmoil actually get along and keep from killing each other. To reflect this, they know who everyone is from the start and have a much easier time making diplomatic arrangements with other factions. And they play completely differently from The Cult of the Eternal End, a fanatical and secretive conspiracy to destroy everything that same bygone civilization had built. Rather than unifying the major players, they spread from their single city, larger and more powerful than most others for other factions, and 'convert' the minor factions most other sides would pacify and assimilate into their empire to give further resources and new units, building a massive army from the less advanced or less populous civilizations or tribes and burning the cities of their enemies to the ground. And that's just two of them.I think this game is excellent. It can be compared to others in it's genre, but it does so much that is so unique I think that for it's very own merit it is worth anyone's time, especially if you dig turn based 4X strategy games. Don't pass this one up."
,Recommended,289130,13838409,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ShadowzWithin,"I love the Endless series and Endless Legend, I would have to say, is Amplitude Studios' best game overall. Beautiful graphics, unique factions, interesting lore on the Endless universe. I suggest it to anyone who is a fan of these guys' work or the 4x genre."
,Recommended,289130,13841040,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,twitch.tv/NickJames,What Civilization Beyond Earth should've been.
,Recommended,289130,13419879,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,dotdrew,"Incredibly fresh and interesting take on the 4X genre with beautiful graphics, unique races, phenomenally simple and effective UI (right-click to go back; c'mon Civ, get it together) and tonnes of replay value. If you're in the market for a brilliant strategy game that will keep you coming back for hours and hours, look no further."
76561198030978104,Recommended,289130,13421368,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Tylermcd93,"So I have played this before on a friend's computer and was finally able to buy it because of a humble bundle sale. This game is fantastic. If you enjoyed Endless Space, as well as other 4X strategy games like Civilization as well you will love this game. There is a lot to it and the fantasy theme to this is very unique and beautiful. Beautiful is also the perfect word to discribe the art and music of this game which the Endless strategy games seem to dominate in this respect. For newcomers to the Endless strategy games I believe this game is a bit easier than Endless Space even on the easiest difficulty however even then, at least for me, it is still a challenging game. In each game the fantasy world is randomly generated and each time it is generated, it's always quite beautiful. I would easily rate this game 10/10 and honestly can't think of a negative aspect of this game."
76561198135901230,Recommended,289130,15152130,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Hedgepig,Much better than CIV. it is definately worth the price
76561198080105267,Recommended,289130,15326979,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,nsiebenaller,Bought this game a fair bit of time ago. Love the basic mechanics of the game. I don't mind not having a campaign solo mode or anything of the sort. Good story. The lacking element in this game is combat. The combat in this game is so glossed over it is almost better to just do auto attack every time. Their is no sense of strategic movements with individual units because all you can do is select the enemy you want to attack and the ai chooses the best course of action. This is the major flaw I see in this game.
76561198007386984,Recommended,289130,15121823,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Nemo,"This game is very enjoyable! It's basically a 4x-strategy game like Sid Meier's Civilization franchise but set in a fantasy world. I also believe ""the story"" is a prequel of sorts to this games predecessor: Endless Space - which is worth picking up aswell if your into the whole space thing. Overall however I like Endless Legend more.It is a very enjoyable game with what I think is one of the best user interfaces to date. It's just so clean - every game should have this. Unlike Civ where you can build cities everywhere and are technically not limited (well only through the map size) to have as many cities as you want, you are here limited to one city per region, which I think is a good thing. Since you can expand your cities later on, you'll think twice on where to put them strategically - especially since there are height differences on the map providing bonuses and maluses in fights.The battles are enjoyable although the animations can get quite repetitive. However unlike the newer Civs you do have multiple units in one army. Going into battle on the battlefield you'll fight on several tiles which are part of the region your fighting in - overall I think fighting is better done than in the newer Civs.The factions you are able to play (and play against) are all very unique and will extremely affect your playstyle and strategy since every faction has it's own backstory (and story/questline!) and special mechanic. The replayability value is huge here since your way of playing will also be affected by the ennemy you are fighting (different armies, with different equipment for different ennemies).TL;DR:pros:- UI- unique factions- replayability- interesting economy with different ressources and types of ressources (for equipping your armies and providing stat bonuses to your empire)cons:- one annoying reappearing bug, where i'll have to reload the last turn or it would break my savegame file - might very well have been fixed by now"
,Recommended,289130,15099492,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,D6,"Much Strats, Very Looks"
76561198010853938,Recommended,289130,15100848,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,teslamatic,"This is the current go-to of turn-based empire strategies. Incredibly vibrant world, wildly different factions to pick from, excellent production values, all those rank this game well above Firaxis' Beyond Earth (which isn't saying the other game is bad, it's just not as good). It has a very distinct feel, good atmosphere despite using no voicing, and overall represents a huge step up from the (already quite good) Endless Space.If you take into account the fantastic pricing, there's no reason not to give it a shot. If you manage to grab a discount, do so without hesitation: anywhere around and below 15EUR, this game is a steal."
76561198147143110,Recommended,289130,15116800,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Limsalo,"I feel like I'm in a new world in this game, the music and gameplay just blend very well for me."
76561198152187220,Recommended,289130,15170788,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,legendary DJ sniper,sick game bruv
76561198142801488,Recommended,289130,15127589,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Captain Russman,It really is the best CIV-esque game on the market. Its art style is creative and its backstory is rich. There are infinite playing styles and every unit and faction seems really thought out. 10/10
,Recommended,289130,15132028,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Rappletek,"It has and end, and it has a brick wall of an entry, but if you are even looking you will probably like it.Hexagons/10"
,Recommended,289130,15190414,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Learington,is p good
76561198035630627,Recommended,289130,15252818,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,johnfell,"It needs a Steam Workshop page with mods. Apart from that, the game is great. 4.5/5 at minimum."
,Recommended,289130,14195090,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,PincheChinche,Great GameIt's a little bit like Civ but actually fun and you can play for hours without getting bored with it.
76561197975221069,Recommended,289130,14174164,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Khorzho,"A treasure of the 4X genre.  This game has it all.  Excellent game play, stable programming, awesome visuals, a soundtrack that other games would die for (I'm listening to Skylark right now as I write this), and a perfect blend of strategy, tactics and dynamic options.  I haven't had this much fun with a 4X game since the original Nobunaga's Ambition.The are a couple downsides.  Some factions seem a little OP, while others struggle.  Also, there seems to be a programming glitch as your empire expands to large levels, which causes massive frame rate loss after clicking on a city.  Also, I've had some save game load oddities.  These are minor issues though, and barely affect gameplay.I just finished an epic game as the Broken Lords.  I can't wait to do it with Necrophages or perhaps Ardent Mages.  So much fun.  If you like 4X, you really should get this game."
,Recommended,289130,14481106,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Momoe,"Coming from a Sid Meier's Civilization background, Endless Legend is a true breath of fresh air.I wouldn't daresay that Endless Legend is another Civ clone because it is just so different, but yet familiar.The concepts of some building your cities, learning technologies, diplomacy, war and etc are all present just like any other Civ or 4X game.However, Endless Legend has a different take on these aspects, and this is why I really enjoy this game a lot.Things I found really cool about this game:Nice blend of RPG into a 4X game. Every unit can be customized, leveled up and have unique attributes and skills.Visuals are beautiful. Tiles and unit models have so much colour and detail. There's also a cool depth of field effect.Very Clean UI. The UI is not overwhelming and manages to show a lot of information at a glance.Diplomacy has many 'stages' such as 'War', 'Cold War', 'Peace' and 'Alliance'. This makes managing relationships with other factions actually interesting.Technology advancement is super flexible as you are given a pool of techs within a certain 'era' to choose from and learn in any order that you want. No tech trees!Things I found NOT cool about this game:At first, understanding how the battle system works was quite confusing. There's no real guide on what to do or what is happening. I expected a learning curve, howerver not as steep. A better tutorial would've solved the problem.As much as I like the diplomacy setup, I don't like what they've done with the UI for diplomacy. Yes, it looks pretty I admit, but its a bit difficult to get a full overview about which faction is at war with another faction and etc. A separate diplomacy full overview screen would've been nice.There's not many factions to choose from. Would be nice to have a few more choices.ConclusionI have to say, this is of course, not a perfect game. However, right now I don't think there's anything like it. That said, I recommend this game simply because it brings something different to the 4X genre and is extremely fun to play, after getting past a steep learning curve of course."
,Recommended,289130,14481346,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jay,"A really fun, great addition to the 4X genre.I particularly appreciated the helpful, thoughtful UI.  You can actually manage your cities from the city list screen!  Marvellous."
76561198040212288,Recommended,289130,14490414,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Martijnvm,"Very interesting game with nice mechanics, you can see the developers actually wanted to do something new with this game and they have succeede fairly well as every faction has its own style. Sad thing is that game is pretty bad at explaining itself and suffers quite a lot of UI problems. Another thing which might set some people of is the pace of the game which is quite low, however, you can change this before starting a game (haven't tried doing so myself yet, so I am not sure how this would affect the gameplay).I would encourage people to give it a try, because the devs tried to do something new here which should be supported in my opinion even though it has some UI issues"
,Recommended,289130,14552606,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,El-Trev,"Ok this game is pretty looks good the lore is fab map design brilliant and is good fun to play, the units are customisable but a grand total of 3 per race? I expected more variety. Don't get me wrong if you're a CIV player you will love this variant of the game type it's research and resource functions are great! manual battles are amusing but not very indepth like heroes.As for the argument about fallen enchantress vs Endless legend i can sum it up as i have bothFallen Enchantress if you're a heroes of might and magic fan this is the CIV game for youEndless legend if you're a CIV fan i highly recommend this to youall in all great game but I'm more of a Heroes player :)"
76561198057423111,Recommended,289130,14576055,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,KomradeKale,"Played for hours only to find out that there was a turn limit and that my laziness cost me the game via not finishing my wonder in time by a single turn. 10/10 would lose again.Seriously though, I have both this and Civ 5 and I think this is a much better version of Civ--I like both the mechanics and the graphics a lot more--the graphics especially so. This game is beautiful to look at, especially running at max graphics."
76561197993510861,Recommended,289130,13214858,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Cannibal Coffee,"Really enjoyed this game, it takes a while to get into but after a playthough you will feel familiar with the controls and how the game works and will love it."
,Recommended,289130,13232016,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Hyybrid,Very relaxing and unique Civ type game. Great soundtrack and uses fantasy races rather than boring♥♥♥♥♥humans of varying melanin content.
76561197970339445,Recommended,289130,13150691,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,++,"Finally a game which brings a fresh wind into the 4x genre! If you are looking for a new Civilization game try this (and forget the horrible Beyond Earth). There are many new and interesting gameplay mechanics here! The only thing I do not like is the semi-automatic control of units in combat. I understand they did that to simplify multiplayer, but for me this is a singleplayer game and full control would increases the immersion."
,Recommended,289130,13179385,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Frank Walker from National Tiles,"Fantastic 4X strat game, the factions that are available are interesting and the combats actually enjoyable, hands down my favorite 4X in regards to combats. That said, theres not all that many factions and while they are unique, are rather limited and the custom factions don't really add all that much freedom and it could be better in that regard. The same issue applies to units as well, each faction gets three unique units and faction heroes available for sale on the Merc Market tend to follow the same format based on their original faction as well.These downsides don't detract THAT much from the game however, its still a highly enjoyable experience and with modding being an option, its quite possible that this can be built upon."
76561198013350670,Recommended,289130,13183059,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Larans,"Endless Legend is one of the more unique and most inspired 4x turn based fantasy games I have had the pleasure of playing. It has that ""one more turn"" addiction that'll keep you going a long time. The playable factions all feel inspired and unique (not just reskins) and the minor factions you encounter in the world actually matter. I can highly recommend this specially if you like 4x games."
76561198044589478,Recommended,289130,13184406,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Merried Seinor Comic,"So far, a fairly enjoyable game; easily one of my favorite turn-based strategies. However, it's incredibly slow and bugged at times, with 4 crashes in a row, just today."
76561198063447246,Recommended,289130,13184478,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,schattenwyrm,"Ok.. the graphics and the art of this game are astonishing!! I really like the potraits of the factions and the design of the map. Its just beautiful. It creats a kind of atmosphere that consumes you entirely.The game mechanis are great for the most part and will keep me wanting to play it for a long time, so I hope. Especially the different factions with completly different stats and playstlyes provide more longevity and will keep your interest up.The game does have some issues thou. The battle mode is kind of non-existent and not apealable. I usually just click on auto-resolve. Beside that I think the region management is not well thought. Although you have the district mechanic to get new FIDSI tiles I miss the possability to gather tiles that are further away in the region. Like outposts that only cover 3 tiles. It would provide more diversity and I would'nt feel botherd that I can't get to those FIDSI tiles on the other side of the region I founded my city that would provide me more dust or influence.All in one this game is very good and provides a different experience than CIV V."
,Recommended,289130,13234333,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Acco ✨,"It's really beautiful, and masterfully crafted at times. Some lingering bugs, but seeing that this is the same developer that did Endless Space, I have full faith that the issues will be closed in time."
76561198008370540,Recommended,289130,13234729,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Struan,"I would recommend this game for those looking for something different.  It is not as good as Civ.  I was getting bored of civ and this has made me appreciate it again.EL will crash once every couple of hours, which is only slightly annoying because the autosave is per turn so you can reload without minimal lost time.I like the unit upgrades and the diversity of units.  I didn't like how the city expansion or set/fixed areas of influence played out.  Graphics are nice and I did like the wide range of tile bonuses, anomolies etc.Overall a decent game, i enjoyed playing it and will go back to it on occasion.  I was hoping for permnanent replacement for Civ but didn't find it here."
76561198069838919,Recommended,289130,13235658,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,bendrik79,"Good god, I'm so hooked.  I think I like it better than Civilization.A little buggy, unfortunately (the game gets ""stuck"" sometimes or crashes), but it keeps several autosaves at once so you can usually get around the problems.  Seems to happen more often on bigger maps at later stages.  Hopefully these issues will be fixed, because they are annoying blemishes on an otherwise fantastic game."
76561198030780480,Recommended,289130,13237813,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Senture,"Wow, just wow. Buy it."
,Recommended,289130,13225105,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Klingzog,"This is what Civ Beyond Earth should have been. A shame about the lack of co-op vs AI, but I have hope it will be added in the future - for now, the perfect single player game with an immense amount of replayability."
76561197990402022,Recommended,289130,13226075,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,gypsy.davey,"This is the game Civilization - Beyond Earth should have been: imaginative, involving, stylish and fun. I've abandoned the poorly dressed Civ V backdate, for this brightly clothed, story-led 4xer. Someone put a lot of thought into the races and the gameplay. The combat is a bit tedious, but you have the option not to watch or watch while the AI plays it for you. The missions are quite meaningful and the maps work very well. Highly recommended."
76561198121711348,Recommended,289130,13227625,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,rmonetc,"Happy I purchased this game on sale end of November.  I feel lucky to have saved a few bucks on sale because it is worthy of the full price purchase.  All the positive reviews are real and accurate, not just hype.There is a problem on the Mac with the Main Menu bottom when you are inside the game.  The screen flickers with the menu and then is covered by a brown ""fog of war"" type screen.  You can't access any buttons to save/change options/quit etc.  I read other complaints of this on the developer web site forum dating back to Sept 2014 so I hope they are still working on the problem.  Highly reommend Endless Space too."
,Recommended,289130,13228131,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,TTianmaa'r,"This game is perfect fit for meWhat i like:- great idea- great city management- great faction management- a lot of different research- a lot of different resources giving diffirent bonuses- you can build your units (wepons, armor, etc...) both based on class and race- hereos have really nice skill trees- beautiful graphics- enjoyable musicwhat could be better- research should have some prerequisites not just era, but tech prerequisites, now you can have lvl 2 weapons without researching lvl 1, but in general research is pretty nicewhat i dont like- crashing, some weired crashes get me kicked out of the game now and then (after certain point of turns, they stop)"
,Recommended,289130,13219800,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Keavis,"Fans of Endless Space and the Civ series should find themselves enjoying this game quite a bit, as it blends the two together in a phenomenal way. The visual style of the game is very appealing additionally, with a great soundtrack to go with it.PROS-Great Music (as stated)-Fun Gameplay-Unique factions and the ability to create custom factions-Expansive tech tree-Eats up a lot of time (in a good way)-UI is easy to learnCONS-Tutorial is kinda flat, needs improvement-Sometimes the AI can be a bit weird-The scaling Science is a bit awkwardOverall, if you're a fan of most 4X turn-based games, you should enjoy this one."
76561198130158044,Recommended,289130,13220575,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,D3ci$ive1,Great strategy game. Can be thick to get into intially as the game has so many areas that require attention and planning but the experience is both rewarding and engaging as you inevitably become attached to the factions you control. Great game for those who enjoyed the multiple day/ all night risk battles of old!
76561198003227307,Recommended,289130,13220642,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,[JMT]Vinniepazz,much like civ but with different theme. Very good graphics. a little hard to learn
,Recommended,289130,13222518,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Zeighy.Games,"Best described a fantasy themed Civ-based game. There are some variances in mechanics, but core gameplay remains the same. It also relies heaviliy on the same lore and backstory as the other Endless games..."
76561198097563640,Recommended,289130,12175580,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Zinovy,"EDITED: Removed some negative points based on updates.This game is addictive, and under improvement. There is ample flexibility in playstyle across races, with the option to create custom races. The dynamics are somewhat simple, but there is a lot of hidden material that, until they added them in loading tooltips, I had no idea were present in the game. I originally gave this a thumbs down because I got it at release wanting to play an immersive fantasy turn-based game and was hardly able to focus on much else than odd behavior that conflicted with the proposed immersion (""peaceful"" neutral tribes attacking my city, crashes, combat irregularities). I've come to appreciate what the developers are getting to, but it remains rather rough in some aspects, and other things I just don't like as design choices:1) The territory mechanic basically divides the world hex map up into provinces, where only one city can exist at a time. So if it becomes claimed you have to siege the city that's there to perform an action on any of the tiles the territory contains (except searching ruins). This is just personal taste but I find it limiting in the sense that there is no real competition over resource nodes along the borders, you have to take the territory directly to be able to build exploitation on a tile, even if it's undefended by the enemy. Furthermore if there are several anomalies on a territory that would be interesting or advantageous to build on, you cannot if it is too far from the city. I think that if it has to be territories, that creating villages would be an interesting addition to fill the vast space up a little bit.2) Minor Factions are basically village tiles that ar defended by members of a native race and ocasionally spawn a small army that wanders aimlessly. This is a fun idea but lacks variety in the sense that they all basically act the same: roam around attacking and sieging anything that moves (or doesn't move). There is a lack of identity to these different races; some of the races have their flavor text stating they are withdrawn, but they will attack you anyway without provokation. What's more they don't feel alive - they are just a resource tile. I would love it if you could raze villages, found new ones, etc.3) Minor factions will often harrass your cities. They start a siege, meaning its ""exploitation tiles"" become unproductive and you lose any benefits that rely on outside contact. The problem comes when you don't have the forces to deal with this siege: unlike a player conquering a city, who has to gradually gain control over it to be able to raze it, which then takes one turn in and of itself, a lost siege to roaming minors results in th city's instant destruction with all its upgrades along with it.4) Landscaping is mostly automatic. By landscaping I mean the way in which you can affect the appearance of the map. Roads come about via a technology that unlocks trade-route-establishing buildings. Once built in one city, roads will spawn to all neighboring cities (neighboring territories). This is done automatically and sometimes awkwardly; I once had a road overlap a river for most of their mutual length. The result was a very long and silly bridge that looked like a boardwalk was built over the river. If a single tile's worth of land connects two territories but a ruin or village is on it, you will not get a road between your cities. Watchtowers cannot be built where needed, but rather on pre-determined tiles once the towers themselves become available."
76561198093989045,Recommended,289130,18350680,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ultravo,"""""Endless Legend is a 4X turn-based fantasy strategy """"Indeed it is. And a very diverse, well playing one too."
,Recommended,289130,18382479,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,HeatherTuesday,I spent hours looking meticulously at the buildings to see the little details. 12/10
76561198114717248,Recommended,289130,18361598,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,cookie monster,amazing
,Recommended,289130,18464525,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,chadiushobby,"I love 4x games, and this is one of the best I've ever played. I tried Endless Space by same company and didn't like it. But I love everything about this game: visuals super pretty, lore is great, tactical combat has a different feel to it than civ but I like it, Units are certainly more interesting than the generic units in other 4x games, factions are sweet. Factions are actually different with unique units and technologies. Civ was always too afraid of making the factions too different. No such fear here. Completely different playstyles and feeling depending on the units. Balance between the factions isn't too bad. I've played with all the factions, and the only one I currently feel is broken is Ardent Mages."
76561198195561438,Recommended,289130,18478201,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Makaio,"As a pretty casual gamer this was a little overwhelming for me. I don't have much time to sink into games so that was a problem for my on this one. That being said, if you do have the time to commit and like turn-based strategy this is pretty cool."
,Recommended,289130,18550927,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,'Zakan Mikhael',Huge game.  Very enjoyable.
,Recommended,289130,18529369,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Corporal Teddy,Just shut up and buy it.
,Recommended,289130,18540375,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Golden_Skittle,The new spy/espionage system is awesome!!!  :)Fun game to play with friends
76561198008899703,Recommended,289130,18514912,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Luckless Legend,"Best 4x game I've played. Perfect mix of Fantasy, Sim, Micro-manage, RPG, and 4x!!!"
76561197992467796,Recommended,289130,18320201,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mechashiite,I was a huge Civ V player but now all my 4x time is spent in Endless Legend.
,Recommended,289130,15520811,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Swan,"Endless Legend is very fun, although I can't help but wonder how its depth and balance compares to more popular games like Civ.  Being a casual player of these games though I find Endless Legend to be much more fun because of the many more novel and unique features, races etc.  I would definitely recommend picking it up on sale or considering a full purchase otherwise."
,Recommended,289130,17821323,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Kawaii Killer CT,This game is great. It filled all of the holes Civ just didn't fill for me. Content can get old after a while but the world is beautiful and the gameplay is pretty good.
76561198030572451,Recommended,289130,17822547,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,That Invading Catholic,LOVE THIS THIS GAME thought i have to say it is a very hard the first few times i played on lower difficuties
76561198000556363,Recommended,289130,17863634,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ReD-EyeD,An OK out of 10
76561198048916786,Recommended,289130,17863647,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,A Cat,Its ggrreeaaattt!!!
,Recommended,289130,17874515,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,TheSinnersCreed,"I'm probably going to have a lot of ""Not Helpful"" tags because I'm not going to go into some in-depth review of this game but seriously, is it needed? At this point between other well written reviews (with all the bells and whistles you're probably looking for), Multiple GOTY nods and screen shots I'm sure you know what you'd be getting into so I'd like to just appeal to the practical side of the 4X / Strategy Gamer.It's every D&D game you ever played meets Civilization. It's well thought out battle designs over a multi-tiered map layout with hexagon mapping and enough RPG elements to get lost in. If you're a fan of the ""one more turn"" type of game, ever played any type of turn based strategy game (like FFT, as example) and found yourself thinking 'You know, if Age of Magic wasn't so damn old; it'd be a great game still,"" you should just go ahead and pick this up. Even if it's just added to an over-extended library and you can't even get to it right away you're still going to enjoy the hell outta having it when you eventually do.tl;dr? Really? On this? Fine. Buy the game, it's everything you're expecting it to be and more. What else can I say? I've done more in this game in 10 hours than I can do in Civilization in 5 games. Yeah, I said it. Wanna fight about it? GREAT! Buy this game then!"
76561198069293800,Recommended,289130,17874622,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,DropBear,"Is a great game that I have lots of fun playing, highly recomend it."
,Recommended,289130,17868947,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Barbour,"Absolutely outstanding, fell in love from first sight and gameplay just solidified the bond."
,Recommended,289130,16143728,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Boss Traver,"I'm a Civ 5 player. That was my first 4x game, and I great enjoyed it, this was my second 4x game. This blew that experience out of the water a good bit. More options for diplomacy and far more in-depth combat for less of a price. Sure, you lose some of the real world lore, but the amazing art and world building Endless Legend has not only makes up for it, but is imaginative and well thought out. It would be a 10/10 for me if they had made navel combat a thing, but... even still. It was very good.Also. The online isn't busted as hell for me. That's a plus.Greatly recommend it."
76561198116606423,Recommended,289130,14380366,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Donut Scented,"Amazing game, life consuming, competitive, and complex."
76561198067641524,Recommended,289130,14382247,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Doom Iguana,"After playing roughly 10 hours of this game, I can honestly say it's pretty enjoyable. There's a world of depth and complexity surrounding the myriad of races, minor factions and technologies. Even though I usually like to play 4X games, like Civ V, quick and aggressive, Endless Legend offers an incentive to progress differently by having factions that focus on varied forms of winning. Some factions have incredible bonuses to diplomacy so expansion and peace is easy for them. The Broken Lords faction have a win condition of controlling a large portion of the map and almost exclusively use the dust resource. One group actually has a motivation to be at war with as many people as possible (the quintessential strategy horde army). As a result, I'm struggling to defend myself and maintain peace throughout while building up my cities rapidly since that's what the Wild Walkers are best at. Overall, it's an interesting and challenging game that encourages different forms of play and many hours of play time to master. Definitely requires more than one playthrough."
76561198042002882,Recommended,289130,13639073,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Alice Twilight,BEST GAME EVER!
,Recommended,289130,13584660,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,WereWolf,"Much more polished and smooth than most 4X games.The heroes and quests add a much needed personal touch to your empire. You're not just some random leader who is the de-facto leader; for one of the races, you're a sister chasing her brother's killers and building the infrastructure needed to finish his work. Meanwhile, the other races are following their own objectives.Amplitude Studios has also taken an innovative step with community outreach with their Games2Gether system. On the surface, it is a simple vote on elements of the game. However, unlike many developer forums which are plagued by loud complainers who may or may not actually own the game, your vote is weighted by your investment, just signing up is only worth a few points, while pre-ordering a game will get you hundreds. The votes themselves are very important to what comes out next, the focus of the Disharmony DLC for Endless Space was based on the community's votes for what they would like to see in an expansion."
76561198040560627,Recommended,289130,13711559,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hvapsen,"Impressive game, lgot some cool feat. but the combat system is a bit...on the lame side, I like 4x space more, so its good, but Endless Space is better. ;)"
,Recommended,289130,13711720,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,starbane,"So much THIS. I got this and Endless Space (and Dungeon of the Endless) all in the Amp pack, and so far this is my favorite of the three amazing games.At first, this looks just like a Civ, or other turn-based-startegy game clone. Well, it doesn't, actually. The UI is strange and beautiful, and it takes a while to get past the breathy style the Endless games all have. But once you do you think ""Oh, it's just like all those other spreadsheet war simulations.""But it isn't. It seems like the games are designed to make you think like the empire you're playing. I didn't play on easy, just went with ""Normal"" mode out of the box (and then went back and played the tutorial for the cheese, and ended up learning a thing or two. Don't skip it, it's on the first menu somewhere), and got soundly thrashed when I tried to play it like any other strategy game.Anyway, I could blather on about it for a  bit, but instead I'll try to make some comparisons to things you may have played thata re sort of similar:If you liked:Civ (natch)Master of (Magic/Space)Age of WondersTurn based strategy in generalYou'll probably get at least 24 hours of entertainment out of this (about how long it takes to really get a handle on the mechanics in general and beat the slightly-stupid AI into the paste it deserves to be)."
,Recommended,289130,13711908,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TheDavv,"Another great 4x game by amplitude. This time u will be playing civ type game in fantasy world, with different game mechanics that refreshes this genere. U will be able to select race that suits your game style, or create your own if the basic races doesnt suit you. Each race has its own storyline and it is werry well written. Once u will be searching how to easy your hunger other time search for the lost technology. Each race has 3 types of units but u have meny neutrals that wary your army. Since u have only 3 units u will be able to customize them to your own liking. Game plays smoothly with tactical battles. In this game the adition of heroes and RPG like elements this game is worth taking. so to sum up:pros:+ soundtrack(if you bougth game is free)+ graphics+ artwork+ story+ tactical battles+ customization of map+ cycle of winter and summer+ each faction/race has its own playstyle+ usage of luxury resources as boostscons:+- basic diplomanci (but it works well)- mid to late game stagnation- no naval combat ( they have thread so they will implement it sometime down the line )+- few units (its matter of taste i like it)+- technology (research could have been bit better with some hitier gamechanging units/buildings )- still has some crashes here and there (in my case the error log pops but u can continue game so idk whats up with that)So if u like this genere and want a civ game that does it diferent and has rpg elements this is the game. Its game mechanics are solid and game does them well worth buying it recomended."
,Recommended,289130,13712983,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Findus,"It has this absolutely gorgeous graphics with an amazing artwork and graphics style, as well as an excellent, almost euphoric soundtrack; it is magnificent, it is advanced, and even if it is much to comprehend at first, compared to the Civilization-series, it is worth it.If you like 4X and Civilization, you will get many, many, hours out of this game."
,Recommended,289130,13726381,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Saint-of-Death,"The graphics are good, the gameplay polished, and the unit equipment/upgrade system is awesome. I like the diversity of the different factions, and the idea that each is only limited to a handful of unique units is refreshing. I feel that the backstories for each faction are well written and interesting, and the fact that each hero has their own story is awesome. My only complaint with this game is that the game takes SO LONG to play through a single round, but in the end it is totally worth it. Would absolutely recommend"
76561198002689223,Recommended,289130,13708187,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,(AvidGamist),"A charming civilization esq, 4X game, except heavily science fantasy themed. I say civilization, but in all honesty it plays more akin to Alpha Centauri, much to my delight. 8 Different factions with different strengths, playstyles, and weaknesses, plenty of variety in the terrain, a robust technology system, and a randomize quest and temple ruins system bring practically infinate replayability to the table, and that's not accounting for the faction editor (although that can argueably use some work.) All in all, a very worthwhile title."
76561197968846473,Recommended,289130,12848616,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sword,"Essentially Civilisation V, with Bondage wizards and robot Mormons.9/10, would recommend"
76561198047116294,Recommended,289130,12851957,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,got99problemz,Just the twist on CIV that I was looking for. They added RPG style turn based combat with heroe leveling and gearing which  brings more depth to the game play experience. Really well done UI that made everything easy to understand right from the start. I've played both this and CIV Beyond Earth. I recommend this one.
,Recommended,289130,12853330,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Kuro-sin(π),CIV5 in a fantasy world/setting with moar features and much moar detailed battle system.
76561198028789261,Recommended,289130,12843944,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,lluwlyn13,The world is solid.
,Recommended,289130,13320454,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Lop lop,"First off,I dont really think the emperor's pack is necessary, unless you play dungeons of the endless. But in all honesty, it's so worth when it's 50-33% off.Review;This game will keep me entertained for quite some time as it offers many customizations and possibilities. There is a ""somewhat"" story line for the faction you're playing as, but there isnt one set in stone because, well the story you play is the one you create, and rather that's destroying every other race, creating alliances, or even converting everything into your religion, the gameplay is endless."
,Recommended,289130,13248210,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Noreht17,"Good game, feels alot like Civilization in some aspects.  The combat is more intuitive and actually can require some strategy.Any Civ fan will enjoy this I would think.  Best purchased on a steam sale.  Don't think it's worth the full price but still an easy game to get lost into."
,Recommended,289130,13248307,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ojaiike,It is a really good strategy game with a truly beautiful Aesthetic. Every race plays very different yet all seem fairly balanced. It seems to be a little unstable as it will crash and start to display random numbers instead of text if you dont validate the files all the time.
76561198011739644,Recommended,289130,13251681,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,PopingHeads,Favorite 4x right now.Aside from a few bugs and custom factions (races) having some balance issues nothing really to complain about.
,Recommended,289130,13265888,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ben The Dingo,Awesome game! really creative and fun
,Recommended,289130,13265957,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,CarloZ,"Game may as well be a MOD for CIV5 - some slight differences which make it interesting and in some ways better. but if you are a CIV fan - you will like this game. Some Graphics dump to desktop glitches on x64 which are said to be getting sorted in a patch, if ran in x32 these dump to desktops do not happen.I would expect this to be sorted very soon as its viral and everyone is noticing it."
76561198074322997,Recommended,289130,13267206,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Cheeseboo,This is an excellent 4X game if you're looking for something like Civilization but with a fantasy flavor.  I have been playing for a while and the latest update is fantastic.  I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,289130,13245995,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Sawdust Invader,"The combat in this game strikes a good ballance between being simplified into two numbers (Civ 5) and spending a half an hour moving units around (Total War). There is plenty of unit customization and turn based combat to master, but the majority of the game is still empire building, exploration, diplomacy etc."
76561198031410179,Recommended,289130,13500996,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,webryder,"Love the game. It runs a little slow, especially at the end of the turn, but the feature set is wonderful. It's like Civilization on steroids."
76561197969715308,Recommended,289130,13446335,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Koje,"One of the best 4X games you can play. I picked this over Civ Beyond Earth due to the mixed reviews and was glad i did. It is pick up and play for 4X vets but there is enough different about it to make it feel new. The heroes are great and can turn a battle but really hurt when you lose one, each race is very different to play with each having its own quest line and it is worth either reading up first or having a few goes with each to pick which one suits your style before playing the game fully (this may also be a good idea as the Tutorial is pointless). Quests really do add something and can be hard if for example you have to take an already occupied city to complete.The game is not perfect, i had to load a previous save at one point due due to being wiped out by a faction that had been building up forces on my border but the watchtowers in the game do not warn you of this oddly, i think scanning your borders constantly for enemies would get very tiresome. I also could not complete the Broken Lords quest line due to a bug that has still not been fixed.However overall i would give 9/10."
,Recommended,289130,13450369,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,bork9128,One of my favorite 4x period
,Recommended,289130,13450800,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Daimontrilogy,"This Game is brilliant!Its a long time Ive played such a good game.People who like Civilization will be extremly suprised, how well the mechanics work!A must have.Really!"
76561198031149890,Recommended,289130,13489940,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,onearmed,Great 4X game. I didn't mind Civ BE but I was overwhelmed. Then someone suggested this game and so glad they did. The UI makes management less tedious and the right clicking to close menus is a nice addition.
76561198079520825,Recommended,289130,13491202,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Biseth,"Defiantly have a lot to learn, but this is a game that I have been enjoying a lot.  Can not wait to do some Multiplayer games with some friends and see how badly I can do lol.  Reminds me of Civ 5 and Hero's if they had a baby!"
76561197971761049,Recommended,289130,13492037,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,jeremymatsuoka,An interesting new take on the 4X genre.
76561198080797291,Recommended,289130,13492897,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,aReleasedKraken,"This game is legit. It really is never ending with what you can do in this game :') It literally is "" endless "" :')"
76561198018353308,Recommended,289130,17423635,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,2Legit2Quit,"Great game. It reminds me of civ 4. A game full of subtle strategies that could take some mastering. I've played a lot on single player and am just getting into multiplayer and it has some promise. I love the way these games combine a little bit of luck and a lot of strategic skill. Better than civ 5, in my opinion."
76561198093159129,Recommended,289130,16856665,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,dolasido,"This game just too cool, i can't resist it no more!! Two Thumbs UP!"
,Recommended,289130,13541511,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Spinzels,"Past the learning curve this is a neat 4x game.My only gripe is how the combat is semi-automated, when the game lets you micromanage everything else."
,Recommended,289130,17458384,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,nacon,"Endless Legend is a refreshing and fun take on Civ-style strategy games. Set in a sci-fantasy world, you can play one of several races trying to control the future of Auriga - the planet over which you are struggling.Starting with a single city (and sometimes staying with just a single city), the game play will feel very familiar to strategy game enthusiasts. You must expand your territories to new, richer provinces with luxery and strategic resources to bolster your budding civilization. Exploration is driven by the need to find more provinces, but also a relatively unique mechanic: questing.Your explore the map with army stacks, usually led by a hero. The heroes are the face of your empire. They have the ability to explore ruins, triggers quests, and complete the quests that are driving your race forward across Auriga. They can be specialized into exploring/combat/administration of your cities. The bonuses that they provide are significant, so having a stable of heroes that are governing your cities and leading your armies is crucial.Combat can be auto-resolved, or it breaks out into a tactical mini-game. You can issue general orders to your troops as you fight on new terrain for every battle. You will need to balance your front line (infantry) units, damage (ranged units), high mobility units (flying/cavalry) and support (healers/buff/debuff) units in the most optimal way that you can for your race and the opponents that you are facing. Unit customization is pretty deep; it's necessary, as time goes on, to improve your hero and your frontline units with new gear. You can specialize some units into tanks; some will always go first; some will just do a ton of damage. This is one of the more engaging parts of the game, as you decide what your troops will look like. Additionally, as the result of quests and research, you can equip your heroes with very powerful unique items that change the way they fight/govern cities.Having beaten the game on Endless Legend, I can say that the weakness of the game is the AI; at both early and late stages, the combat AI is not particulary skilled or robust. Still, they generally okay at the strategic end of things.Winning means fulfilling one of several conditions: Technology Victory, Wonder Victory, Quest Victory, Extermination Victory, Conquest Victory, Economic Victory, or Diplomatic Victory. Generally, you can attain most of these victory conditions with any of the races, though some specialize more towards one or the other.The game is visually unique, and quite beautiful. The world has character, as do the races and units therein. I would rate Endless Legend as the best fantasy/sci-fi strategy game out right now with its balance of strategic management and tactical combat."
,Recommended,289130,17461148,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Topher28,Great game.
,Recommended,289130,17862074,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Shadow Rider,"Endless Legend is one of the best strategy games I have ever played. It has a different take on technology trees, and each of the factions has a unique and interesting play style. It requires effort to win, even against the computer."
76561198006930770,Recommended,289130,14737077,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,badsnowman0,Really good fun.  8th play and still fun.  few visual things could be better.  But all round prity beauitful.
76561198020530817,Recommended,289130,17940613,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Psyklone,"This is the game you wanted Civ5 to be. You may hear the learning curve is steep, but really it's really just a lot of small steps. Every time I play this game I learn a little more.This game isn't complex, so much as it has a massive amount of detail... but it's all intuitive.Not sold on a better hex-tile turn-based game than Civ5? Then buy it for the freaking map zoom. That♥♥♥♥♥♥will blow your mind the first time you scroll out."
76561198041714067,Recommended,289130,17939074,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,mrdragonfell,"Only 40 hours in but I really feel I got my money's worth on this one. It's a solid 4x RTS but the combat is way more exciting! There are quests as well! The last content release was 12 bucks and had a ton of content, whole new race, whole new level of depth."
,Recommended,289130,17998296,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Rosemary Can't,This is a basically fun game that draws a lot from Civillization as all games in the genre do. What starts as a unique and exciting experience can quickly become slightly lackluster due to the less than compentent AI.At the end of the day after 4 playthroughs there isn't a lot calling me back to this game - sure the factions are interestingly different in that some of them play completely differently to others - but this games quickly wore thin on me.I had a huge amount of fun with this game. My only issue with it is that it lacks a lot of the replayability that is so common throughout the genre.
,Recommended,289130,17985801,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Nasbe,"Great game, but too much errors. Keeps on crashing and multiplayer lobbies wont work always."
76561197995912376,Recommended,289130,18000036,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,railan286,"This game is really, really, really good.  I wanted it for a while, and normally I wait for games to go on sale...not this time. I paid $34.99 for it, and I couldn't be happier.  If you are catching this while its 50% off or anything else, pick it up immediately; it is well worth the money.  I'm about to buy the DLC right now.  Why are you still reading? Go buy this game!"
,Recommended,289130,18016087,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Chiibadog,Total War plus Civilization.
,Recommended,289130,17807851,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,twitch.tv/LANiD,"Hella fun.  If Warcraft III and Civ 4/5 had babies.  The game is super smooth, fast, and the UI is very intuitive.  The game is great I'm still learning after a dozen or so hours of just multiplayer.Hey just wanted to give an update.  Still a huge fan and the game's still growing on me.  I look forward to more games from this group.  I still need to check out their other titles (looking forward to Dungeon of the Endless)!  If you're a fan of Strategy RTS games and if you haven't already played EL I suggest you check it out."
,Recommended,289130,18718039,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,20ninjas,graphically beautiful balanced asymmetrical strategic warfare with actual economical and diplomatic systems. nouns.
,Recommended,289130,18595539,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Dollar Dollar Bills,Simply put this game is a must for anyone that loves 4X games.
,Recommended,289130,18596855,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Pledouth,"Excellent 4X game in a modern guise. The developers managed to achieve the impossible - to squeeze this kind of vast, far-strung strategy landscape into an accessible and friendly shape. Questing, research, economy management and hero customization all nicely fit into really great looking game."
,Recommended,289130,14120406,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Casarix,"If you have steam and you want to play a 4X game, you are doing a disservice to the multiverse by not playing this one."
76561198059924350,Recommended,289130,14113203,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Lord Nibbles The Great@rAge,"By far the most fun turn-based game I have played. Single player this game has been a total blast. Definently worth the 35$. I myself have not gotten a single crash so far, but I know my friends have. Amazing Visuals, Very unique factions. BUT, If your planning on playing mainly multiplayer, this is probably your worst choice AT THE MOMENT. Countless bugs, from the AI Constantly taking over my friend's game (Moves for him, auto-resolves all battles, Changes population placement, Assigns and Unassigns Heroes)Constantly Getting a Serious error when we try to load previous games. Diplomacy screen either not working or crashing the game. Broken AI either suddenly declaring war on you or just ignoring you no matter what.It was hard for me to decide Positive or Negative, but I really love this game, The multiplayer is just as broken as Nicki Minaj.So Summary:Single Player: Super Ultra Amazing for Fantasy LoversMultiplayer: Goat Simulator is less buggy...So no..RUN....RUN AWAY"
76561197977649322,Recommended,289130,14108484,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Echoic,Not a bad 4x.  You probably won't find yourself getting invested in the world or the fiction.  The AI is also bit weaksauce but it's not a dealbreaker.
,Recommended,289130,13802398,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,narwhalz,It's like CIV only sometimes better! ... Yet at times worse...
,Recommended,289130,13804198,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Alexander,"This is probably the best 4x game I've ever played. Fun as hell, great atmosphere, amazing graphics. And it comes complete with soul sucking, money grubbing Golden faces. 9/10"
76561197987636413,Recommended,289130,13806093,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,thefirstmelon,"Before I start it should be mentioned that I have never played any 4x games myself but I have extensively watched them and talked about in depth mechanics with my brother on many occasions.First and foremost I think this is one of the more important points: The factions. Many 4x games (im going to use civ 5 as a comparrisson for the entire review) have a large roster of factions but they do not FEEL that different. In endless legend there are nine factions who all look, feel and play extremely differently. Want to exterminate your foes? Play the necrophages (bug tyranids basically) and wipe out your enemies. Or you could take over the world by taking over all the capital cities in it and convert everyone into your wierd religious cult as....well the cultists.  Or mabye you want a more peacful, scientific or economic victory.....you get the message.However, this does not mean that the factions are set. You can play the diplomats (dragon people) and go for total elimination- the ai does this sometimes. Although generally it is best to follow the main quest which leads to your victory anyway.And that beautiful segway leads us to the quest system. Every factions has a quest which evolves and changes to suit your factions goal in the game- build and wonder, conquor land etc. But the quests (and this suprsied me a lot) have story. You get little snippets of your leaders throughts or sometimes the tale of your adventures it told from the point of view of one of your peasants. Regardless the quests are a useful way to keep your civilisation organised and get rewards. Despite this, I find the quests can sometimes bug out and be rendered incompletable which means that while you can still win you are given the reigns to a made horse without any preperation. This shouldn't be a problem to people who have played a few games but for newer players it can be disaterous.Speaking of which comes out first (and most prominent) con. The tutorial. I joke not here, the tutorial just throws text box after text box of information at you which is impossible to store in your head. Then it tells you what a hero unit is (doesn't explain the details) and says tutorial complete. You have to play to get a feel for the game. But in all fairness you may not win in your first game but after that your will really have a feel for the game.Before buying this game I was worried about the AI (because I don't play multiplayer) because people often brought up the fact that they were too passive. Well...they kinda are and they are kinda not. I have only played on normal difficulty so I cannot say the same for harder ones but the normal ai do seem passive but they are doing things in the fog of war. My most recent game I played passively to build up a  stable economy without being attacked or attacking. Then when I went exploring I found that one factions (the dragon people again-those guys are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ had nearly dominated the entire map and had made two factions lose all except their capitals cities. On another game I was attacked fequently by scouting parties from all sides since I was placed in the middle of a war between two other factions and they both wanted my land to help fight the other.Terrible segway (there is none)- the Heroes. Generally you will only have one for a long time and they range in roles and strengths. Some heroes are soldiers to send into war commanding your most powerful units whilst some should be placed as a governer of a city to increase it's economy. Both hero and normal units can be customized (which is AWSOME) by giving them weapons and armor made of different materials depending on how advanced and/or wealthy you are. You can make your foot soldiers into assassins by giving them really powerful two- handed claymores and them kit them out with movement improving trinkets to get them speeding around like a cleaver with thrusters. All weapons have different strengths- swords against infantry, speards against cavalry ect. But it is always awsome to see your customized dudes decking it out.COMBAT: This games combat is also up for debate. At first I just ignored it and went for the auto resolve for all my fights. But soon I started to realise that all that auto resolve does is throw the two armies stats together and see who's is highest. Whereas if your fight manuallly you can place your units strategically with archers on cliffs gaurded by a wall of infantry and the commander at the front to draw fire. It is slow as in  the late game units can get very tanky and so I find it is best to auto resolve when fighting roaming armies (more on them in the next paragraph) but when fighting important battles against the enemy faction then use manual.But what about those roaming armies you slipped in without explanation?  Well, I shall explain along with my compliments to the world in this game. The world can be changed in size, weather and amount of land to water and the type of ground itself is vital to making a productive city. For example, want to produce a lot of money then build on a desert or by the sea but you will sacrifice food production for it. The world also changes between winter and summer every now and again (it does give you a rough estimate of how long until the next season) and the winters start off short but get longer. This is good because WINTER HATES YOUR FACE. Winter impedes everything- food, movement, production times, happiness etc. So often you find yourself planning any crusades until the start of summer as well as sotring food for winter- awsome right?  It is.   Another thing that makes worlds feel alive is those roaming armies I talked about. You can play as nine factions but there are also a bizzilion minor factions out there that own land and have villages. You can passify them buy attacking them, bribing them or doing a quest for them. Once passified your can assimilate them by building a kingdom in that region. Then you can customize and produce that minor factions unit. This is essential because the factions only have three military units each (I find this actually quite refreshing as it let your focus on the customizing) but many factions may lack things like archers, cavalry etc so you will seek out minor factions that fill in the roll you want. These minor factions also pump out armies of their own which become stronger as the game progresses to the point where they can threaten undefended cities whilst they...roam.   Passifying minor factions will stop them producing armies but the ones already out will still be hostile.As stated at the start of the review I do not have much experience with 4x games and so I cannot really compare the ui that people say is really good in comparrisson to whatever. I think it is greate as what you need is presented to your with little pop ups that are easy to read and go away with the click of a right mouse button. Everything you need is there when you need it. And the game happily reminds you if your going to end your turn without having anything in a production queue for one of your cities or without researching any tech.This talk of pretty also brings up graphics. They are nice. I have never had a high end pc so graphics are irrelevant to me since I tend to associate a high graphics game with sadness because I cannot run it. This game has great optimizability and even on the lowest settings the world still looks lush and beatiful with things of interest sparkling to get your attention. Also I might be the only one who loves this so much but I ADORE the face to face screen you get with the other factions when trading, starting wars, making aggreements etc to the point where I much prefer to have diplomatic discussions rather than go to war.This review and my playtime of 60 hours has only scrathed the surface. TLDR: it is civ 5 with more personality and fantasy awsomeness. Great for first time 4x players- such as myself."
,Recommended,289130,13796388,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,FullAutoNinGyou,"A much-needed fresh new approach on 4x turn-based strategy game. A classic born-to-be. GOTY 2014. Sid Meier's Civilization's nemesis, but larger, deeper, better. Definitely in love. 10/10 will play again and again."
76561198008635081,Recommended,289130,13797804,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Pot of greed,gg
76561198078026154,Recommended,289130,13799262,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dohert,Awesome 4x game highly advise you to get this
76561198037534415,Recommended,289130,13799268,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,toadsting,a must for any fan of 4x games
,Recommended,289130,13800339,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Alex Jones,yes
,Recommended,289130,13808053,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ifithadn'tbeenforCottonEyeJoe,"A freaking amazing game. 4x is still one of my favorite genres, and this is an astounding entry into the genre. While a lot of new 4x's are Civ 5 clones, this game goes its own route and is pretty amazing.10/10"
,Recommended,289130,13786503,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,tegro,"Very similar to Civ. and just as addictive. Feels easier/faster to play and the different faction stories are compelling. A small RPG twist is present with the ability to customise units with different weapons, armor, and items (at the expensive of higher production costs) - an interesting and fun addition."
,Recommended,289130,13787433,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,saul,"A great take on the Civilization formula, with a sci-fi fantasy set and a deeper combat simulation. Recommended!"
76561198016788687,Recommended,289130,13788670,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Haunted,"First impression, that music eargasmic Godly sensations of harp sounds.Enemy AI shows pity towards me, while a bunch of ghosts with swords murdered my only settler10/10 would get pitied again"
76561197970555599,Recommended,289130,13789186,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Pete,"After pretty well mastering the game I find that it's combat system is what I dislike most about it. Pretty cool game overall but as combat is vital for the enjoyment of this game I just cant rate it that high. A simple fix would make this game great for single player fun, and that would be if they let you micro manage your units in combat more. The commands system they use might be the only way to make it work for multiplayer (something I could never find a group to do) but it is not very enjoyable for single player which is what you will be doing for 99.9% of this game. Let me know if they ever add the micromanagement option to the combat system and I will gladly revisit. As it stands, I can't imagine wanting to play it again. This game was SO CLOSE to being really great."
,Recommended,289130,13790862,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,samstimay,"If you like Civilization and fantasy, this is a good game for you.  Warning: the combat is different and quite frankly, a little out of balance when you play vs. the computer.  The NPC units are STRONK!"
,Recommended,289130,13791245,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[TE] Elandrian,"This game is amazing.  It's Civ V with heroes, gear progression, customizable units, actual turn based combat, and finally some actually unique feeling different factions.  This is LEAGUES better than Civilization in my book, and it really feels like you're playing an elaborate tabletop game with beautiful graphics and animations."
76561198019543537,Recommended,289130,13623037,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,fishey_me,"While not as intuitive as Civilzation V, it has many of its strengths. The game certainly takes time to learn, and in that regard the tutorial isn't as helpful beyond the bare basics, but it's not that complex that one couldn't figure it out, given time. I do like the story aspects of it, and here is where it surpasses Beyond Earth, since outside of the opening cinematic, Beyond Earth doesn't bother to explain much. In any case, I recommend this game to anyone who wants to play a fantasy Civ V."
76561198008504292,Recommended,289130,13625770,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Uknowmyname27,Wanted a nice distraction from Civ.... ended up playing it more than Civ.Wow... Much 4X
,Recommended,289130,13626057,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,solublefish,"A proper evolution of the Civilization-style 4x game. Whereas Beyond Earth felt flat and weak, the factions and effects in Endless Legend feel powerful and unique. The art is pretty, and most of the mechanics are solid."
76561198044154765,Recommended,289130,13614507,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Buhbuhlooskee,first 4x game and I really enjoy it.
76561197993004410,Recommended,289130,13629306,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ubiq,"Well, when <ahref=""http://www.zenofdesign.com/civilization-beyond-earth-and-resonances-role-in-game-design/"">Civ:BEfailed to grab me</a>, what I reached for instead was a different 4x game that was recommended to me: Endless Legend.  This is a Civ-like set in a fantasy universe, similar to a Masters of Magic.  And man, does it scratch the Civ itch in ways I find new and different for a Civ-like.Endless Legend's fantasy setting means that the game still has emotional resonance, even though the tech trees still have magic and other non-realistic advances.  They lean on fantasy tropes quite a bit, but manage to stretch the lore in some new and interesting ways, particularly in the creation of their alternate races, many of which play almost entirely different games due to the nature of their mechanics.  The exploration aspect of the game is ramped up - similar to what you see in CBE.  Military is both viable (i.e. it doesn't drag the game too much) and (in many games) somewhat dodgeable if you prefer to turtle and just build a great society.Rather than freeform city placement, the map is divided into a series of states or territories, each of which can hold one city in it.   This makes for a much nicer, cleaner political map, and also creates a much more interesting race to snag resources - first one to build a city in a territory will control all resources in that territory, no matter how large or misshapen the territory is.  This has the nice benefit of allowing players to not let resource placement force them to build a godforsaken desert city that will always struggle, for example.  The city can always be built on the best squares in the territory.And for what it's worth, the city placement and expansion part of the game is what I love the most.  It's something I felt I didn't pay much attention to in Civs 4 and 5, but in Endless Legend, I'm back to fanatically comparing where the ideal hex to place a dude is, and identifying where expansion can go.  Unlike recent Civs, city shape expansion is done manually by the player (with the 'create boroughs' action), and the designers did a good job of putting in competing desires - you can spread like a virus if you want to grab better resource tiles, but you also get rewarded with greater reputation and glory if you build a compact city.  Basically, any city hex that borders 4 other city hexes 'levels up' to be more profitable - this is a very neat feature that is also criminally underdocumented.The game is not perfect - it is, to be blunt, very indie in its levels and production values.  Major systems are undocumented: I've played the game for hours, and am still not sure how trade works, or how about half of the victory conditions are initiated. The game could desperately use some GUI love - the game would be massively more approachable if you could mouseover data that currently only exists in tooltips, for example.  The game does have some bugs that are inexplicable, and crashes enough to make you appreciate the annual autosave.  Some oft-used functions that really should have hotkeys simply do not seem to.There are also some design ideas that are undercooked.  About a third of the time, the game will plunge into winter months, which stalls out production and slows movement.  This is a neat idea, but in practice is mostly just miserable gameplay time.  Of particular frustration is that winter pretty much hoses any time-limited quests the game may grant you, making them impossible to complete for reasons utterly outside of your control.The art is WAY too busy - you'll find yourself zooming out a lot to look at the purely tactical map to be able to easily find units that otherwise get lost in the busy landscape.  Unit customization is somewhat TOO fiddly.  And lastly, the tactical combat just mostly sucks.  I could go into the litany of details I found frustrating here, but suffice it to say - if the summary of combat shows that you'll likely win in autocombat, just do it, you'll thank me later.None of these derail the fact that this is a tidy new entry into the Civlike genre that, in my opinion, cements the dev team as serious contenders in the genre.  The game is fun, constantly brings back that 'one more turn' vibe from the old Civs, and at the same time, breathes some new life into the format, largely by the virtue of a solid and fun city building model.  If you like Civlikes, give this one a try."
,Recommended,289130,12331534,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Puginator,"One of the best strategy games I've played. Better than Civ5 and GalCiv2. Quests!!! Not bad diplomacy. Cool battles. You do not drown with micromanagement. Simply the best, nothing to add.P.S. Actually game looks little unfinished. Some space for new features was left for future add-ons. Waiting for DLC."
76561198024243254,Recommended,289130,12331724,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,FigaroMoscow,"A truly masterpiece: brilliant realization of rpg and strategy games ideas for last 10 years. Battles, development and music... AAA game.Настоящая стратегия развития с рпг отыгрышем (развитие персонажа и квесты расы, планирование застройки, эры, детальный дизайн боевых единиц). Переход к боям плавный, возможность управления боем. Прекрасная замена  цивилизации с её долгими загрузками оболочки и чередованием ходов. Ресурсы также появляются по мере открытия технологий.  Раса не просто картинка, а полноценная смена стиля игры. Технологии также различаются у рас. Атмосферная музыка прекрасно дополняет геймплей, а графика радует глаз."
76561198121876323,Recommended,289130,12331873,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,bloodbornangel,"This game reminded me a lot about Civilizations, but when I started playing I realized that it was only a first impression. While Civ can be a little less complex and straightforward, this game requires a bit more planning. The tech tree's are limited only to what resources you have, and your choice in victory can come swift or be drawn out with only a few choices. Combat is a mix between tacticle or straightforward. Some people complained, but I found it pretty simple if you just avoid battles that are less then 75% in your favor.What I liked the most was the quests. The story is quite hard to follow sometimes if your struggling to simply outdo the AI or other players. Most of the time the quests don't give you much, but they're always helpful. Then sometimes you go way out of your way to complete a simple objective just because the reward is AMAZING! They add a deeper sense of immersion and are fun if you're into roleplaying too. I'll warn you though, this game requires a bit of reading and paying attention. Things can sneak up on you if you don't watch all your territory and statuses."
76561198030126892,Recommended,289130,12332224,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,abelsavard,This game offers an intruiging and unique world with an incredible and original selection of factions and heroes.  The gameplay while adhering to some basic 4x conventions for familiarity has improved upon and includes its own new systems and innovations
76561198022411051,Recommended,289130,12333198,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Bsharri,"Probably the best game I have played this year. The lore is amazing and much more fully integrated than it was in Endless Space, The gameplay is innovative and unique, and the factions are all one of a kind and not just the reskinned variations you find in other strategy games. Endless Legend is a breath of fresh air in this genre and a game I will defeintely be recommending to my friends. I only hope that the game and the greater franchise stay alive and continue to grow while continuing to work with the player community to create the best game possible. Similar games such as Civilization simply do not match up to Endless Legend. The choice to release before Beyond Earth was a smart one and will help redefine a higher standard for this type of game."
76561198044163553,Recommended,289130,12333316,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,randomkrawford,"I quite like the ideas behind the game, each faction feels like a totally different play experience. but unfortunately the combat is incredibly slow, and you have very little control over it.  It would be great if there was an option for fast animations on the combat phases."
,Recommended,289130,12333689,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kz,"Addicted to it ! Awesome Graphic & model ... its always very painful to manage more than 8 regions for me personally but evert race show its personality & custom race is another added value to fine tune your need. the downsize is ramdom game script error (good thing is u can click continue without clash or shutdown your game), hope dev can be fix this annoying (X) errors soon ... Also Dev should create more hassle free way to report an issue, clicking a button from the game will be nice,Bottom line, is a great game to experience. Especially in multiplayer mode !"
,Recommended,289130,12334152,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,djwhitehype,"An indy game this incredible is worthy of my very first review on Steam, and I've been using steam since it was new.Fun, imaginitive, endlessly entertaining, it does not drag, the battles add a lot without detracting from progress... the best 4x game in a long time.Are there bugs? I've hit one -- not bad for a newly released indy game. Is the AI good enough? I usually find AI to be dumb, and I'm just starting out so am only playing on normal, which seems more like ""easy,"" so hopefully higher difficulties will be more challenging."
76561198026242597,Recommended,289130,12334273,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Lord ilLOminatus,"This game has a LOT of potential. However it has been released for about 2 weeks when I write this review, and it is not quite stable yet. The AI can also be dumb and seems unfinished at the moment. Maybe wait a month or two until the dev fixes things up"
76561198053350151,Recommended,289130,12334377,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Ambitious,"This game is fantastic! Love it!I just would like to see more units added to each faction. I understand you take over villages to create variety, but I would just like to see a bit more independancy."
,Recommended,289130,12338883,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Jobroskie,"I think I am in love with this game.  All the ingredients are there for a really good 4x.What really sets it apart for me are the different factions.  The game plays completely different based on which faction you choose (all of which are customizable).  While there are factions like the Wind Talkers who very much feel like a standard 4x someone, there are also factions like the cultists who only get one megacity and have to convert the native populations of regions to your religion so that they will produce soldiers for your armies.  Some factions can't declare war, while others (looking at you necrophages) want to be constantly fighting"
76561197995740939,Recommended,289130,12199938,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Enlightener,"A fresh take on the civ type of games. Original and captivating setting with beautiful artwork. A few of the things that set this game apart from its competitors are: 1. Your units are upgraded with equipment that you yourself choose for them. Each faction only has a few different units, but they can be customized in many different ways. 2. The faction quests. Every faction has its own specific quest that gives them bonuses and in some cases win the game for them (if enabled). 3. No city spamming. You can only build one city per province you have conquered, so choose its position wisely.The game only needs some more balancing between factions in multiplayer.I love the game and, so far, I love the whole Endless series (Endless Space, Dungeon of the Endless). Play it!"
76561197991093665,Recommended,289130,12200213,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Windows Vista,I am really happy with this game.One of the first 4x games to come out in a long time that doesn't feel like it's incomplete at launch.
,Recommended,289130,12202475,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Leo9,"So far, this is absolutely fantastic. I often lose interest quickly in 4x games, but this one is hitting all the right buttons. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,289130,12204513,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Diamond Rhombus,"While this game has a couple hitches and has a pretty high difficulty curve on any but the easiest difficulty, Amplitude has improved upon the already-amazing Endless Space. Each faction has a unique feel to it, without feeling gimmicky. Like Endless Space, the interface is uncluttered and has a beautifully minimalist design, allowing the game itself to take point. I'm excited to see where they take this with future updates."
,Recommended,289130,12329420,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Aquinas,My surprise hit of the year. Amazing twist on the traditional 4X formula - eight races and each plays wildly different. Also excellent writing that provides a strong narrative to your game-play. A delight for the forty hours I have buried in it so far - and I have four more of the factions to go!
76561198035703918,Recommended,289130,11398787,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,BAREBEAR,actually a fantastic 4x. even better upon full release
,Recommended,289130,12578675,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Rigsby Vanguard,"This game is part of a trio of games created by this game company. All 3 games are linked together by a vitual race of beings know as the Endless, who have since disappeared. So this game is on the planet the Endless originated from.As a 4x game, this is just like Civ5, but more in depth. It is a different take on the game types and Is amazing when it comes  to the story behind it all.In short, the game has come a long way and is beautiful, I recommend it 100%, for anyone who loves turn based strategy."
76561198010720069,Recommended,289130,12575694,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Brad,8 out 10 :0)
,Recommended,289130,12546894,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Jake,"Civilization V but with better battle mechanics and more interesting design and lore. 13 hours in, this is a keeper."
76561197990766943,Recommended,289130,14642309,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Hacklespur,"A fresh and sleek (dat UI doe) take on the 4x genre. Endless Legend addresses most of the shortcomings of larger franchises with finesse, while retaining and refining the addictive turn by turn (and just one more...) gameplay.The only true gripe would be the persistent instability issues, including but not limited to, desktop crashes."
,Recommended,289130,13064710,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Fang (destroyer of worlds),"Perfect Fix. I've been looking for strategic, rpg, city builder, turn based. This is it. One game brought all of this together to make 1 amazing game to enjoy. The choice is yours. Do you want peace? Do you want war? Do you want to have neither and just kill wandering npc mobs?! 10/10 love every minute of it. (you can customize your own faction if you dont want to use one of the base ones so go crazy with it.)"
76561198082796131,Recommended,289130,14695736,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Eruntano42,Very Fun
,Recommended,289130,14697636,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Aesiren,"This game is for anyone who is a fan of the Civilisation games or RPGs in general. All the races play differently, and a custom faction editor is included for even more replayability. Definetely worth it."
76561198070867146,Recommended,289130,14687218,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,DvChappelle,Need option to disable endless winter other then that this game is pretty damn good
,Recommended,289130,14689420,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Tyrienous,Beautiful art style and a fantastic spin on the 4X genre.
76561198004293546,Recommended,289130,14675666,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Balrog,"A very interesting 4X strategy game, that imo brings many new and fresh elements to the genre."
76561198021873595,Recommended,289130,14679527,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Rob,"a great 4X game which is well thought out. i love civ and came to endless legend from civ 5. EL plays very differently. there are quite a few core differences which take a little getting used to.each region can only have one city. think of them as counties/states and county/state capitol.luxury and strategic resources do not have to be within your city border. only needs to be within your county/state border.anomalies - special land tiles - have to be within your city borders.cities can be expanded with burrough streets. if a city tile has 4 other city tiles next to it, it goes up a level and gives more food/science etc.each major faction only has 3 units + inital hero. more unit types are gained by assimilating minor factions - little towns within a county/state you control.research pies (for want of a better word) have icons on to show roughly what it does. so a spade icon means new resource extractor.luxuries are activated via empire screen. must accumilate a stock of them then use them to get happyness.strategic resources work the same, but seems you can only use one at a time as a ""boost"".units can be grouped into armys and army size increased via research.assimilating a subdued minor faction is done via the empire management screen.keep upgrading units via the army management screen.population automatically works all tiles. but you can move the populace about in a city and assign different resouce focus to them. this is done in the city management screen.winter season - be prepaired for it. it can really hurt.those are some of the major differences between the two games which had me scratching my head for the first game.hope that helps!"
,Recommended,289130,14767612,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Norm,"A pretty good 4X with an awkward mix of complexity and lack of conveyance. Unfortunately, the tutorial will only teach you so much so you will have to watch a few videos or hit the forums to get to the deeper stuff. Hopefully this will improve as the devs shake off the last of the Early Access funk.Also, winter happens and that's always sad times."
76561198038568727,Recommended,289130,14768600,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Captain Neil Armsloth,"i love this game , it is absolutely a beautiful strategy game it is also unique in the fact that each faction has their own custom units and unique gameplay . i personally think this game is better than civ in certain aspects . i highly suggest this game and the other Endless games"
,Recommended,289130,13493119,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ckreon,"Endless Legend is the 4x game I have always wanted.It has the complexities of a standard 4x, but it presents them in a very user-friendly way. And while there is a learning curve involved, it feels natural. Unlike other 4x titles, every new game I play I feel a new sense of understanding and I make better choices. I'm not stuck trying to memorize some obscure tech-tree/web, and I don't have to figure out the perfect build order for a particular faction. That is quite a change, as most similar titles end up with a skill-wall that you hit almost immediately - only defeated through sheer grinding and studying of the various tech paths/faction properties.That isn't to say such things are entirely absent here. There are certainly build orders better than others, and tech choices better than others, but because of how everything is presented, you aren't punished as a user trying to figure those choices out. As long as you have some general 4x background, you'll be able to make good decisions from the very first game, and you won't find yourself being held back because you forgot to research some early-game tech.City management is also fantastic. It is so easy to manage your city output via the workers, and keeping track of cities as your empire grows is also very well thought-out. There's still a bit of click-grinding in the mid/late game, but that's inevitable in any true 4x.Combat is a reinvinted a bit here as well. Each battle can become it's own little game of chess (or you can just automate it if you want). I think this is one of the greatest elements of the game. Combat has so much more depth that it really changes how you play. With good micro and a bit of luck, you can survive or even win battles that would typically be lost if it was just up to attack/defense/terrain dice rolling. Instead, you can use your surrounding terrain, or unique abilities, to make much stronger stands, or much stronger attacks. Since both sides have the expanded capabilities, balance is maintained while the skill-ceiling gets raised (always a good thing for a competitive game).The addition of heroes rounds off everything, providing a chance to benefit armies or cities with unique perks and skills. The heroes provide a nice RPG element, even going so far as to have unique drops of weapons/armor/trinkits around the map to bolster their usefulness. I like that heroes play a big role, but I also appreciate that they don't overtake the game. You'll definitely want to use heroes and distribute them wisely throughout your empire, but it's not a thing that needs constant grinding to level up, and a hero won't win the game alone. They provide just enough benefit to be worth while, and lack just enough impact to keep from becoming a turn-based DOTA game.The addition of optional quests is a nice feature. Other 4x titles have started following this route as well, and I think it's a good trend. The quests help provide some guidance if you have no idea what to do (you will always have a main quest line that, if followed, will keep your empire growing), and rewards earned can vary from luxury resources to specialty items for your heroes.Overall, this is the longest review I've ever written for a game - and I think that alone says quite a bit. There are still some quirks here and there, but the game is obviously built on a solid foundation. The UI, the graphics, and the gameplay all work together beautifully to provide an enthralling and captivating experience. I've barely scratched the surface, and I'm already excited to see what they do in terms of expansions/sequels. For now though, I'm happy to keep playing this for one... more... turn..."
,Recommended,289130,14911444,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,LuciferSam,Warning! No Hot seat in the game...you can't play with friends in room.Thought it would have hot seat like Civ. The game is quality though.
76561198033041742,Recommended,289130,15074746,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,FragReaper,Better than civ in many ways. Several civ style games within one.
,Recommended,289130,13873402,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,The Assman,"If you like Civ and want a refreshing take on the 4X genre, then you'll love this game. It helps that this game is also pretty good looking and the UI has to be one of the smoothest, cleanest looking UIs I've ever seen."
,Recommended,289130,13177789,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,BL/R_SN | Wintermute,"As for me it looks like a mix of Heroes and Civilisation in a sci-fi + fantasy world... Surprisingly good mix where everything is in it's place. And moreover the game has a face, a pretty one. Good artwork, nice characters/monsters designs, unique fractions, each whith it's own story and quest, epic soundtrack (really great one) and as a result - very addictive gameplay."
76561198064014820,Recommended,289130,14086927,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Spenco J Frog,"As someone with over 1000 hours logged on Civilization 5, I think it's fair to say i'm a rather large fan of this genre of game. That being said, once I got this game I haven't been back to Civ yet. There's a lot of aspects about this game that I think Endless Legend does better than Civ 5, for example the tech tree. Instead of a linear tech tree, you have tech eras, and after researching so much from one era you have access to the next era's worth of techs. This means if you're not a militaristic empire, you don't have to waste turns researching needless military techs for example. Another aspect that's nice is the use of armies. Instead of having one unit to a tile, you have as many units on that tile that can fit in your army (starts at 4 + Hero, can get up to 8 + Hero.) And if a fight breaks out near two armies? The second one gets to come in as reinforcements due to their proximity, which is a nice touch as it would be ridiciulous if a nearby army was just ignored.All in all there's a lot to this game that's great, and very little that isn't. If you're a fan of 4x style games, odds are you'll love this game. The gameplay, the art style and the mechanics all come together perfectly to make an extremely enjoyable game. 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,289130,14090419,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Jamesbell,No doubt best 4X games of 2014
,Recommended,289130,14090830,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Sentient,"This game is great!I'm a big fan of civilizations and i absolutely fell in love with EL.Pros:The game has great depth. (Knowing your faction traits is key)The multiplier experience has been solid so far. I only had to resync 2-3 times in over 5, 300 turn games (Better networking than Civs 5 had for sure)The Battles are interesting and can be quite intense, requiring a lot of strategy and planning. (This is a big focus of the game.)The music is pretty good.The artwork is aesthetically pleasing.The game is really worth every cent. I got this game on special but would have pay full price.Cons:- Music can become repetitive after 100+ hours of gaming. ( Not enough music )- Unlike civs, there is no battle on the water. Against human players this can be particularly frustrating when trying to defend your cities as they can simple camp outside your city safe on an ocean/lake tile. ( Maybe this will be fixed in a later update? Hint hint devs. )- The game lacks an in-game wiki which means that you will struggle to figure out exactly how the game works without a bit of trial and error."
76561198004275416,Recommended,289130,14091560,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Deadreckoning,"Just awesome....very enjoyable, good art and faction design.Say goodbye to many hours of your life!"
76561198001633993,Recommended,289130,13533841,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MyBed,"Game is beautiful. If you want to get into this game though, I suggest looking up a youtube vid on how to play because there is a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of content in comparison to Civ 5.1 problem is that there are not much people playing multiplayer so that kinda sucks. Hope u guys buy it and make this an even more worth purchase."
76561198107946153,Recommended,289130,22190246,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,noshameever,"The game is good enough for me to leave my first review. My first experience with the genre, and I love it. Crashes occasionally, but that's more likely due to my potato Mac than the game itself.9/10"
76561198006825714,Recommended,289130,22267975,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Eztrelle,"Great game. I struggled at first in understanding the intricasies of how combat works but there are some good guides out there that point you in the right direction. This is one of the games with many layers, when I first picked it up, i thought OK it looks pretty, plenty of stuff to do I will give it a whirl. Caution.... the more you play it.... the deeper you realise the mechanics of the game are!"
76561198086514410,Recommended,289130,17001972,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,The Potato,"Beautiful game. Beautiful lore. I would recommend this game to anyone who has ever played games like it. In my opinion, it rivals the Sid Meyer Civilization series in all aspects and surpasses it in some. The regional zones, army system, and citizen mangement systems are excellent. The scenery and terrain is amazing with some of the benefits adding an interesting feeling to your empire. Another part of the Endless Series that I love is how all of their games are interwoven. One leads to the next in an 'Endless' cycle however you choose to look at it. This game is awesome and I would recommending getting it. With or without DLC. (I have no DLC)"
76561198092031547,Recommended,289130,22280262,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,fullmetal akira,One of my all time favorite games!
,Recommended,289130,22345031,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Konzenshii16,An amazing and challenging strategy game for both novices and experts.
76561198171199538,Recommended,289130,22425676,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Hitler Best Heroine,Probably the most unique turn based strategy i ever player ^^Heroes of Migh and Magic + Civilization = Endless Legend
76561198022230345,Recommended,289130,22462309,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,PhantomWolf,"Talking with a friend in SteamChat-Me: I need a new game..  Oh cool.  Forgot I bought this.-Friend: Whats that?-Me: Endless Legend-Friend: Heard it was good(An hour later after install and I nearly have finished the tutorial)-Friend: How is it?-Me: Amazing.  It's like Civs V only more finitely controlled and in a much cooler setting with more specialized civs and better  graphics. And you can customize units!-Friend:Cool(An hour later, tutorial-finished, first real game-started.)-Me:...(Five hours and my first victory under my belt, I select a second civ to smash the world with)-Me:...(Six hours later and I have won a scientific victory.)-Me: 9 AM?(Falls asleep and dreams is playing Endless Legend for five hours.  On waking, rolls over and fires up latop.  Plays Endless Legend)Me:...Me:...Me:..."
,Recommended,289130,22465186,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Auctorus,"I haven't had much to do with strategy games like these but this was pretty fun.Planning around the seasons was fun (evidently the Shifters DLC is supposed to shake that up but I haven't played it). Combat was more fun than just seeing numbers disappear although did eat up a chunk of time.Never played the multiplayer, so I can't speak to that."
,Recommended,289130,22450902,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Albelius,"Endless Legends is a marvelous piece of a strategy game. It is beautiful, by its graphics and by its sound and music. When I first launched the game, I had to stop and listen the theme it was equipped with as it had a very beautiful tone.The in-game graphics are very pretty. Animations look smooth for the most part, though some units look a bit sluggish and some attack animations aren’t that impressive though I guess it’s better that the animations aren’t that long in a turn based combat.The gameplay is very similar to Civilization-series. In my eyes, this is a fantasy-civilization and I think it was intended that way. So, if you’re familiar with that game series, jumping into this won’t be a trouble.What sets this apart from CiV-series in my eyes, is that each race has its own story quest to follow. You also get quests from small villages and caves from time to time, if you want to have their support either in the form of units or treasure. I have to admit though, I don’t recall if CiV had a similar system.The game also has seasons. Well, just two, summer and winter. Summer time, everything is nice and pretty, don’t have to work so much… But then, Winter came. Your units move slower on the map, you’ll gain less resources from resource tiles and food consumption in your cities go up, you’ll research slows down as well... You have to manage resources differently on winters. As the game progresses, the winters get longer and longer. This is an interesting system, though at times annoying since the winter just lasts on and on and on…I have noticed that the game pushes you to focus on army upgrades quite fast. In some of my games that if I don’t upgrade my army fast enough, the enemy AI or players will just crush my armies very easily. This might frustrate some of the players who prefer to be more diplomatic in these types of games. This applies to the roaming random AI enemies as well.If you’re not familiar to these types of games, prepare to do some reading in-game. While the system is fairly simple and you don’t have to rush anywhere as this game is turn based, it takes time to read and understand some things. So I recommend to play a few single player campaigns before joining multiplayer, so your fellow players won’t have to wait so long for you to do your turn.So far this game has been a very pleasant time for me. I heartily recommend this for everyone who has an interest in strategy games!"
76561198057001075,Recommended,289130,22457299,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Couf,"Better than CIV5 - better mechanics in almost every aspect.Also - this is how ""Heroes of Might and Magic"" should look like."
76561198023414229,Recommended,289130,22434007,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,KingKnecht,Have 41h hours on my steam clock. Still feel like a noob in this game. Love it!
,Recommended,289130,22288684,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Ender,Once you get a good start its a great game. Needs a bit more logic around starting position fairness.Still great game and unlike civ i actually enjoyed the combat.
76561198031329686,Recommended,289130,22289160,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,tripperthe3,Such an awesome turn based strategy game! A great break from Civ 5 like games. If you are a fan of turned based games then this is for you without question!
,Recommended,289130,16371027,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,PastaRasta,"Well this game has really changed my opinion of turn-based games of today.This game has an amazing soundtrack and looks beautiful.Of course it is inevitable that having more than two AI or two players the game will drag-on, but aside from that there are ways to skip that (by automatic battles which never turns out good).Having a 1v1 match with AI and giving it losts of dust is never a good Idea as expect to see your framerate drop as they build a friggin' massive army and expands everywhere! So performance issues are a slight problem, though you can counteract that with mods!There are a variety of optimizations -for graphics etc.- and options for nearly everything; including masses of choices of how you want your world to generate.There are many races, if I can recall all of them.You have a day and night cycle and even a seasons cycle so be sure to allocate people to produce food, for winter.There are pesky minor factions which can attack your army, but if you find these annoying tribes and such you can disable them :D I did...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s attack my hero/commander - speaking of 'hero' or  commander  can be selected to a army or city to help with productivity or POWER!!The game intially can be slightly confusing though you can easily get the hang of it, if you are new to turn-based games -which I am-, that is something very important.This game does have story for the races you can play as with some very cool artwork and personal songs, except for the cults. You can even make your own races up with a custom story each with negative and positve effects.You have your basics, intermeditate and partialy complex: Research, Garrison/Army, Diplomatic, Stock Market, Overview or everything you have tab?, and many other things.This game has everything it should have for a turn-based strategy game and more.I could go on and on, but I won't that is for you to decide.I love this game and it is very addictive with various combat decisions like how should you approach melee/ranged/otheror siege a castle and take that region of their land with a large map depending on what options you pick so overall it is 8/10 -1 for performance issues and -1 for well lack of many units (you only have three)This game could easily be a ten out of ten with mods as they can cover these problems.So IT COULD be a 10/10 with mods, but it isn't really needed."
76561198178350626,Recommended,289130,22330867,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Bandiebeast,"An interesting twist to the turn based game. It was asomewhat difficult to learn a  strategy but it was well worth the effort , nice game."
,Recommended,289130,22322707,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jimmhel,"I've played it through several times using different factions. Each time the playthrough was smooth and enjoyable; there were never any nasty surprises or frustrating difficulty spikes. The factions play uniquely, but none is clearly superior. I loved it, and after taking a break, I'm back for more!"
,Recommended,289130,22316240,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Puckman,"Endless Legendis a 4x turn-based fantasy strategy in the tradition ofMaster of MagicandCivilization. It stands apart from similar games with its game mechanics, story and graphics. Give it a try if you are into Civ-based games."
76561198049192709,Recommended,289130,22321106,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,amckenzie4,"I'm going to start with the few problems I have with this game.1) I wonder how well the creators spoke English, because there are some very weird phrasings and word choices.  Nothing that's technically wrong, but... weird.  For instance, a building might be described as providing +20% to the increase of the decrease of price for units or building maintenance or something.  Not exactly wrong, but it sometimes takes me a minute to figure out what it's actually offering.2) The documentation, I'm sad to say, is just plain terrible.  For instance, I still don't know what the actual effect is of any of the terrain elements on combat.  One icon has a hover-over that says ""Forest.""  OK... does that actually change anything?  I think it gives a bonus to defense, but there are so many modifiers that I'm actually not entirely certain.3) The AI is.... not so bright.  Take a unit that has been ordered to attack an enemy unit.  If the enemy is destroyed, the unit may head towards the nearest enemy, or it may try to get to the one that's furthest away.  If it just can't reach the enemy, it will try... even if that's going to mean spending the rest of the battle trying to get around a mountain, rather than attacking the enemy right next to it.That's about it.  Everything else is pretty much fantastic.  I like the graphics, the unit modification tool is good, I love the range of terrain and terrain modifiers.  The different factions (mostly) actually FEEL different, which is lacking in most turn based strategy games:  they're not just given a quick modifier and a unique unit, they're actually varied and weird.  The game is completely different between, say, Wild Walkers and Forgotten, requiring different goals and strategy.  That's altogether too rare, and I like it a lot.Overall, I love the game.  My complaints are all fairly minor, and haven't stopped me putting in 160+ hours.  Highly recommended, and well worth the cost."
76561198077628488,Recommended,289130,22318354,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Noctua Spell,"Endless legend is a strategy game best compared to civilization in many ways. I personally do think endless legend is easier even at the harder levels (like serious instead of normal) than civilization as the AI players have very fast starts but seem to make dubious decisions later on allowing you to catch up to them quite easily if you play to the strength of your empire bonuses.What I do like:- is the different kinds of races and their graphics.- The idea of winter, harder to move troops around, less food available etc.  is a good addition as you should keep the changing of the seasons in account if you plan to wage war or explore territory.- The different specialities of the races you can plan and their story. Instead of only focusing on science or war you need to keep an eye on diplomacy, economy and quest victories as well.Dislike:- The way the battles are set up. Sometimes a battle prediction is like: you have about ~3/4 chance to lose. When I am quite sure that is ridiculous I do manual battles. However as you progress in the game the armies get large and those manual battles seem to take up a lot of time, yet if you press auto you most likely lose the majority of your army when in manual you would have lost only a few units doing much more damage (or if you want to kill specific units in that army) to the enemy army if you take all factors (Height, cavalry/infantry slaying, forest, support units) properly into account.Aside from the battle system in late game it is a very enjoyable game and a nice alternative for those wanting to try out another strategy game."
,Recommended,289130,22452733,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Scarfee,"This game is not Civilisation V, and I love it.The thing about this game is that, yet it's still turn-based, it's is truly strategical, and your moves matter throughout the game and make an important impact on your development. The gameplay is built around your way of development, would it be trading, diplomacy, religious conversion or total domination of arms...Main quests, side quests, research quests and more - competition, that can be felt, even though you might not have even encountered your enemy on the map yet, and have searched your region only.And the design, man, the design - there are so many beautiful things I would want to say to people who designed the universe of this game. Even if you do not like such strategies, The game is worth to play just for the story. Every element in the game has it's own story.Because they are the children of Auriga.And the tale of Auriga is the Legend that is Endless."
76561197983234693,Recommended,289130,27898339,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mpames,"I've played 4x games since the Civilization I, Master of Orion, and Master of Magic.Simply put, this is now the best game in the genre, the new king of the hill."
,Recommended,289130,27899296,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Doktor House,"This was my first foray into the 4x genre, and it's been awesome.  I tried playing CIV games before, but I never really put in the time to really understand them, as I never got sucked in.  While I didn't really understand everything in my first game, subsequent plays with my roommate made this a household favorite.  We used to sit down and play this nightly, ""just a few turns,"" we'd say.  Now we'll pick a weekend and this ends up being all we do."
76561198061241467,Recommended,289130,27925696,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fish1111,"Single Player: First 70 Turn is going to tell that you're going to win bot in hardest mode or not, if you control your move wisely. But it's a same pattern, there're many ways to play due to victory type, haven't found it more yet."
76561198033318482,Recommended,289130,27924291,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jdwhiskey,"At first I was a bit overwhelmed... Tech trees, unit upgrades, etc, etc. So much detail and so much depth, caught me a little off guard.But all of that is what makes this a great game! While it may be a lot to take in, the tutorial was great and the tool tips are always there to assist. As the minutes went by, I became more and more immersed in the gameplay, which despite my initial feelings is very smooth and easy to learn.There's something about this game, it's hard to put it in words... Maybe nostalgia, maybe something else. But every time I launch the game, there's just something about it... It feels perfect, like everything about it fits perfectly together. Every loading screen, button, action, the music, and last but not least the gameplay... Everything is as it should be, thought out and precisely executed.TLDR: Great game, buy it, give it a shot"
76561198065790623,Recommended,289130,27976468,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,lomas_ip,this is a stratagy game with a twist. you begin on the legendary world of aurgia a world that once was home to the long lost endless race that conquered the starts. you start the game a long time after the fall of the endless in charge of one of the many factions that have survived the wilds.The world itself is sectioned into regions with each regon housing a minor race that can be pacified. as the master of your own faction you can build cities (one per region) to claim the regions and expand your empire. each faction has a distinctive game play style that changes how you play the game completely resulting in a game with a lot of replayability value.to add a new level to the game augria is dying and so it has harsh winters. as the game progresses the winters get longer and cause harsh penalties on all factions. This changing between winter and summer means you have to plan any miliary engagments as you may be stronger than the enemy in summer but in winter the penalties may mean you are easy pickings for the wandering minor factions or your enemies.in short this is a fun game that can be enjoyed again and again
,Recommended,289130,27975638,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,theDoctor,"This game is like Civ on crack.  The city building is far more engaging and compelling, the region system makes for a much more reasonable balance to area control.My #1 complaint is that the military system is somewhat tedious.  I'd prefer to not have to fight at all and upgrade units.  But still, awesome game."
,Recommended,289130,27707401,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Born2Porn,"-Ну мааааам, ну ещё пять минут!Очень красочная игра, с прекрасной музыкой и атмосферой, всем мамкиным микроменеджерам, которые любят часами читать описания к скиллам, особенностям персонажей и планировать, особенно рекомендую. Создавай собственный сюжет, косплей владык империи, тролль друзей некрофагами, шпионь над соседями, воруй убивай или наоборот будь послом мира и добра. В общем берите ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ики, берите и играйте!"
,Recommended,289130,27715881,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,VoN,I can't recommend this game enough
,Recommended,289130,27718582,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bean Sídhe,"The recent years have been kind for us in regards to 4X games, and Endless Legend is no exception.The word I'd pick to describe it would be ""beautiful"", I think. The soundtrack mostly isn't outstanding but serves as a mood-setter and not a distraction. Fascinating lore serves as an interesting sideline and provides insight into motivations of the races, which are highly diverse, even unusually so for a 4X game - where most games give you a unit set and calls it a day, EL only provides three unique units and instead, say, takes away the ability to wage war, research new technology, or farm. The shift to district-based approach as opposed to the classic Civilization-style single tile ""hub"" with buildings in it is interesting as well, and satisfies the Sim City fan in all of us.The major downside of the game would be the combat, unfortunately, as orders are pre-queued at the start of each mini-turn, but executed in order of initiative, meaning that one often has to struggle with their own units' AI, trying to guess what they will do if their target dies or moves out of range beforehand. The approach to DLCs is also questionable, mostly introducing a new gameplay element (such as espionage) and also a race that excels at that element to the extent that it dominates it absolutely, but is not very interesting outside of that element (Forgotten). This makes it convenient to skip DLCs that introduce something you don't care for, as I did with Tempest, but also makes the whole lineup sound kind of piecemeal.The AI is nothing to write home about, but that's not surprising, because we took many years to write a halfway decent AI for Go - a game with a very limited array of choices and zero hidden variables - and, as always, multiplayer is highly recommended, assuming you organize games with friends.Overall, I highly recommend the game to anyone who's interested in 4X games and turn-based strategy in general.8/10."
,Recommended,289130,27717422,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moogle Emperor,"One of, if not the, best 4X games ever made, Endless Legend strikes a great balance between tried and true mechanics and experimentation.Many tasks that would be tedious in another 4X, like worker management, are either abstracted or outright removed. In fact, the district system and linking of roads and trade routes was so well received they've shown up in a certain other 4X series.Army sizes tend to remain smaller and more manageable than in most 4Xs, too, with an emphasis on elite troops with the best experience and equipment rather than huge stacks or map-carpeting single units. This helps the AI remain at least semi-competitive, since the tactical map stacks fight on is constrained enough to program robust routines for it. Sadly, while the AI is also good at the economic game, its grasp of war on the strategic map is too easily exploitable. If it's one of the best 4X AIs, that says as much about its competitors as about Endless Legend.Instead of ever-expanding city micro, Endless Legend offers quests, ruins and minor factions to interact with. All more interesting, but they do eventually get repetitive. I also found the equipment system a rare downside, too fiddly for the scope of the game.It's a beautiful game, though, with some of the best art design in the genre and high quality assets. Haunting music conveys the tone well, though it didn't stick with me enough for me to want the soundtrack.Every faction plays differently, some, like the Cultists of the Eternal End (who can only have one city, but build it much larger than anyone else's), wildly so.The DLC is also well worth your time. It introduces inventive new factions and mechanics (legendary structures, deeds and creatures) that fit nicely into the structure of the game."
76561198056948601,Recommended,289130,19252745,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Malvor,"A very fun game, quite immersive and difficult. You can go from gaining 107 Dust a turn in summer to losing 40 Dust a turn in winter. It adds a quite diverse aspect, and is very interesting. While not as time-consuming as Civ 5, it is still a high quality 4X game with pleasing graphics and specialized skill and tech trees."
76561197999787797,Recommended,289130,19247844,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ExxADON,Good Game!
,Recommended,289130,19247272,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,JeriKnight,fun :D
76561198026321662,Recommended,289130,19241309,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,waeoverthere,"Great looking game, pretty standard 4x game, fun to play."
76561198008257420,Recommended,289130,13426211,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,s_ferg,"So far pretty good, but just got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with the fact that combat isn't clear enough around the elevation levels... was yelling at my melee unit for runnning around like an idiot.. but now I can only deduce that 2 elevation levels difference means he can't attack down a hill.  good dynamics, just needs clarity."
76561198092470127,Recommended,289130,19246066,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Karsuf,Its a fun game.
,Recommended,289130,19401468,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Danny Boy,"One of the few turn based games I enjoyed!One of the many things I liked is the customization of the units throughout the gameplay. Another thing is the minor factions, being able to assimilate them and gain their unit and some perks is really nice.Despite being a turn based game it's possible to shorten the games making it less time consuming, without making the game less fun.What I don't like has mostly to do with the fact that it's a turn based game therefor I can't really say much against :p"
76561198067484310,Recommended,289130,19437125,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,savagepurr,"this is the friend civ 5 doesnt like seeing at parties, more successful and more fun, with a wife and kids, a stable job and a french labradoodle"
,Recommended,289130,19446619,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ink,"From a person who absolutely hated, and still hates, Civilization, this game is a ten out of ten and possibly the best strategy game I've played in a long time. Definitely worth whatever price is asked.Pro-tip: Get the Collection, it makes the game a hundred times more fun, especially with Shadows."
76561198052596044,Recommended,289130,19584558,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,DR.BEES,"I've played Civ a lot, I've had all the expansions of 4 and 5,I have never finished a game.At some point i get bored, or it's going on for a while and I save and never go back to that game.I don't have that problem with Endless Legend, with games that by default probably won't last past turn 300 (and could end much earlier), factions that play RADICALLY differently (oh your civ leaders have different traits that change some math?, this faction literally doesn't use food and eats money to grow and heal), and the rpgish experience of doing quests, levelling, and finding and equipping new gear, kept me engrossed through my first game.That said so far I've enjoyed the Broken Lords faction, which for the most part is weak early game, needing money to grow population AND to heal, so sometimes you have to choose between growing your city, speeding up production, or making sure a unit near death doesn't get killed by roaming mobs. But by the end-game, i was an OCEAN of money, only enhanced by my heroes managing cities having Dust boosting skills, buying out units instead of building them, and blasting out 6000+ Dust a turn where I could buy out the production of the massive and massively powerful Guardians, which I used to take down all threats while i finished my faction's quest line and won through building a massive Wonder.tldr: It's ♥♥♥♥ing sick as hell, there are knightlichvampires, and the default state between cultures isn't peace, but a Cold War where you can attack people in YOUR territory, or when both of you are in neutral territory (going into someone's house and starting a fight with them is the province of actual WAR).Also all the minor factions are super neat, I like the Eyeless Ones, a bunch of tube worm headed black and red chitened, no eyed, razor mouthed, ranged healers."
,Recommended,289130,19586661,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Timothy,"A more complex and in depth Civ 5. Very fun to play, and a lot of reply value."
76561198044556681,Recommended,289130,19573646,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Nick,This game is really fun!
,Recommended,289130,12855884,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MeatShield,"It's really fun, but I would call it Endless Crashing.I hope they fix the crashing issue, it's really annoying...I'll keep playing, and relaunching it..."
,Recommended,289130,12855983,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gwynbleidd,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9joOlIkf6s
,Recommended,289130,12847360,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Panda Bro SouthernSoldier,"Absolutely amazing, only item I wish they incorporated was more fantasy dwarves instead of techno- somewhat dwarves."
,Recommended,289130,12269510,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Mild Mannered Manatee,"By any stretch of the imagination, this game is a masterpiece.  This game's features rival that of the leading titles in the genre, and yet, they are a relatively unsuccesful studio.  While Endless Space was awesome for those 4X fans who experienced it, let's not kid ourselves, it was a very niche game.  For all intents and purposes, it is probably not off base to assume that Amplitude made a large portion of its sales profit from Steam sales, and not from day to day financial interactions.  Somehow, though, despite all this, they have created a game which rivals Sid  Meier's iconic series in numerous ways.  In my opinion, its changes to the Cive format of 4X combat is a welcome and needed addition.  Furthermore, the graphicaal engine employed herein is superb beyond reckoning.  Honestly, if you have ever been a fan of the 4X genre, judge this title based on he potential of the Devs and buy it immediately, I, for one, consider it to be nearly perfect."
,Recommended,289130,12269590,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Omegamerc,"Fenomenal game; I can't believe its 'indie'.  I'm a big civ fan and I can't stand CIV's new take on units and management of them.  A well thought out and paced game that takes heed at others errors.  I contemplated it and couldnt help but be attracted by its cinematics, sound and voice overs.  Go buy it!"
76561198018352330,Recommended,289130,12812892,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Macbayne,Highly recommend.  Accidentally stumbled over this on youtube and am VERY glad I did. Does take some time to get used to and combat can be especially difficult to become acquainted with but well worth the time investment.
,Recommended,289130,12813185,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Aeonius,"What a solid, cool, and amazing strategy game. I love it and I want to play it more if it wasn't for my weird error reports"
,Recommended,289130,12824286,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Argentum,"Endless Legend is a solid take on the 4X strategy game in the same vein as Civilization. However, it isn't a clone of what's been successful in past games with different graphics. The game does a fantastic job of weaving in the quest system and its story line to make playing the game a refreshing experience that goes beyond the need for just one more turn to win the game. It makes you want to actually see how your efforts have turned out and where some of your decisions have led you. I'm definitely looking forward to what the future can hold for the Endless series of games."
76561198047705178,Recommended,289130,12295155,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Lump Beefbroth,I haven't slept since Sept 18th
76561198069032800,Recommended,289130,11972750,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Mobster_Lobster,"With the launch of this game I can happily take this game off my not recommonded list to the recommended list. So what makes this a buy over other 4x games? Many things, but lets start with factions first.The factions in this game are very unique. They do only have 8 which might seem low, but when you take into account how different each one plays it really gives the feeling you are playing a truly different faction and not just a tiny bonuses added on ala CIV. Civ certainly had more factions but the differences between most were not significant enough to feel like I was getting a unique playstyle. For instance the cultists. They only get one city and have to gain power by subverting all the minor factions in the game. Where as a faction like the broken lords does not use food at all to grow. It instead uses money to buy population. These are examples of how completely different the game plays with each faction.Next is the minor factions. In endless legend you can pacify, subvert (cultist only), parley, or outright destroy minor factions in your regions. If you wish to parley, you can get quests with varying rewards and difficulty. Regardless of how you deal with them, you get the option to assimilate them. Over the course of the game you can pick up 3 of the factions with the Drakken getting another. Each assimilated faction gives access to their uniue unit and bonus. Aka 5 percent reduced building cost for each assimilated village of that faction or an attack boost for each one. Basically there are a whole slew of bonuses and units that fit very well for each faction. The units also allow you to cover for gaping weaknesses in your own army.Up next is quests. Each faction gets their own unique story quest that can offer various tech upgrades, items, and resources. It also gives you the option of a wonder victory. Even if you do not wish to finish with a wonder victory, it is often well worth doing the quest up to that point for the extra rewards. Other means of getting quests are from ruins and minor factions. These quests can give resources, dust, technology and unique powerful weapons and armor for heroes. Depending on your strategy it can be well worth your time to do these quests.City management is another area I think this game nails. It's very easy at a glance to see the terrain and where a good city start would be. All terrain in city border is automatically worked without having to manually put a worker on it. Population in the city can be directed to produce additional food, science, dust, grain, and influence as you need. Additional population gives access to boroughs which expand your city borders. Depending on your needs, it may not always be wise to have a large population city as there is a delicate balance between when to build boroughs and when to focus on city improvments. The various techs that can be unlocked give a wide variety of options for how to build cities. This on top of what your factions strengths are and your desired victory type, make for very different playthroughs.Graphics in this game on max setting are incredible. It is a gorgeous game. However, my poor laptop can't run it at a smooth enough speed so I just leave it on the simplfied graphic version of fastest. I do crank it up to show it to my fiance and friends, but drop it back down to actually play at a quick pace.Heroes offer an interesting tweak to the formula. You start with one hero and with some factions unlock another from their main quest. You can also research a tech that opens up the marketplace for heroes and units, thus allowing you to buy additional heroes. Each hero has a class, general, and faction tree. General tree is the same on all heroes regardless of faction. Class is the same on all heroes of that class regardless of faction and faction is only for said faction. This gives an interesting mix and match of abilities. The abilities on heroes can be very powerful depending on how you are playing. Right now I am the vaulters so I am picking up vaulter heroes as well as argent mage heroes to maximize my science output. However, all that science is worthless if i can't defend myself. So picking up a necrophage and cultist hero to lead my armies gives me additional oomph. So depending on your goals, the generals you take will be greatly varied.Finally for the good stuff at least is unit and hero customization. All units get access to basic iron weapons, armor and trinkets. As you get new techs, you unlock new tiers of weapons, armor and trinkets. These give a variety of effects and again, depending on your playstyle and goals, will dictate how you equip your units. Each metal gives a different focus on what it brings to your units. Some metals are more offensive oriented, others defensive, and others speed. This does not come without cost of course. This can make your units take many more turns to build. You can also retrofit any existing units with the new armor for a one off gold/metal cost. Heroes also gain access to exclusive weapons/armor from quests and unique trinkets that can help in the cities they govern or boost the armies they lead.Oh I cannot forget about the AI. The AI on lower difficulties is a joke. You only play normal or lower to get used to the game. Jump into serious and above as soon as possible if you want a challenge. Right now I am playing on impossible and frequently getting my butt whooped. The AI at least on this difficulty is smart, really smart. If they are about to declare war on you or other units, they might snag a bunch of units off the marketplace to bolster their numbers quickly. They also make logic tech choices and seem to invade in a logical manner. AKA they will not sit there and butter you up then invade. So far with my 15 hours post launch I have been very very happy with the AI. It doesn't seem to cheat, it just makes fairly logical choices.Finally what I dislike. I hate the combat. It's slow and tedius and just not a lot of fun. I auto it whenever I can just to skip over it. It is certainly better then civ, but no where close to age of wonders. I dread the 8v8 army battles because of how long they take to manually fight. Don't get me wrong, some people like it, but I need it sped up to really enjoy it more.Also the game is lacking on lot of documention just to let you figure out what is going on. The tutorial helps, but even victory conditions are extremely vague. So normal playthrough will be a lot of trial and error to figure out the basics of the game. Depending on your video game savy this could take an hour or much longer to really get a good grasp of how to play it. Starting with the wildwalkers gives you a pretty good idea of how the game is going to work, at least at the very basic level.So overall the game is great. I can finally put civilization away and not worry about pre ordering CIV:BE. I have played CIV since CIV 2 and dabbled in fallen enchantress for awhile and neither top this game IMO. I always root for someone to come in and unseat the juggernaught of a genere (CIV), just because it forces more innovation from everyone to stay on top. That being said I do not give this game a higher marking then it deserves simply due to it being an underdog. At the end of the day if your game is crap, it deserves to rated as such regardless of juggernaught or underdog.That being said...I am going with an 89/100. Combat is a killer, but can be fixed and there is a bit of a lack of information that can frustrate a new player. This game is great and has the potential with some polishing and tweaks to be something truly special."
76561198067750559,Recommended,289130,12211799,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,N3V3RWH3R3,"After several full games I have to say that I really dig Endless Legend.  Played 4x games for most of my life (sadly, I've apparently missed some highlights) but from my experience EL holds up extremely well in the genre.  The game is filled with incredile depth while still being accessible for beginners already familiar with the genre.Some of the factions (Cultists, Broken Lords, etc.) have some incredibly different playstyles and there are still others that fit the standard model a bit better, offering something for everyone.Initially, being such a fan of tactical rpgs as well as hybrids like Fallen Enchantress, I was hoping for more control in battle, but ultimately I've fallen into the habit of auto-battle more and more, so although it's something I'd like to see in future updates, it's not a huge drawback.  Still, at high levels of gameplay I'd like my tactical skill to offer me as a player more of an edge over the AI rather than letting the computer fight itself on my behalf.Minor factions play an interesting role, allowing you to pacify and then control them as long as you control the lands on which they're camped.  You get interesting empire bonuses as well as access to new models for your army units.Clearly the art is gorgeous.Worth a look if you like 4x and are interested in something less modeled after earth's history or future."
,Recommended,289130,19161526,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,SonySwarm,I've thoroughly enjoyed the game.  Great artwork and combat system.  AI could be a bit more intelligent however the game is fun nonetheless.
,Recommended,289130,19764480,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Dankob,Dope my goal is too play as much as i have on civ V
76561198006616886,Recommended,289130,19760730,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Mechamorph,"Endless Legend is perhaps one of the strongest 4X games released in recent years with solid mechanics that owe something to, shall we say, crosspollination with other greats of the genre. It succeeds at something that Civilization: Beyond Earth tried with only mixed success; it features factions that are both mechanically and narratively different. In fact a large plurality of the  factions have radiaclly different mechanics behind them and feel distinct to play. Even those that adhere to their standard FIDS gameplay have a gimmick beyond simple stat boosts that make them feel more than a reskin of another faction.The caveat though is that the game has a long-standing bug that prevents you from playing in anything less than 1280x720 resolution. They do point it out in the game requirements but just a heads up if you manage to miss it. The bug literally cuts off chunks of the screen which can make the game difficult to play. If you use a television or a monitor that does not do high resolutions that well, be advised that this can affect your enjoyment of the game."
,Recommended,289130,20780050,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,heaven.spawn,"The game reminds me of the best part of Heroes of Might & Magic. Large, sweeping battles with lots of interesting quests that drive you to explore and expand. Interesting take of using quests to push you outwards, or to get you starting wars.Bought it on a lark, and I'm in deep."
76561197977330447,Recommended,289130,20741976,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Daemonjax,"The AI isn't very good, and nothing cool happens during the game.  Gameplay is a mix of SMAC and Disciples 2, but those games just do it better.  Dungeons of the Endless (made by the same developers, different genre) is very good, though.EDIT:  Ok, I have to take back most of the above (the AI is still pretty bad, though) -- if you buy all the available DLCs, because there's then more to think about each turn besides which enemy city or army to whack next.So, Endless Legend without any DLC is pretty meh (70/100).  But with all the DLC it becomes enjoyable (80/100) -- just don't expect the AI to be very competent, which is a shame.  I'm not into multiplayer, so ymmv.The base game is usually $30, which is just too much for what it offers. Since 4X is a niche genre, they can (and do) get away with that price because 4X fans will eventually end up owning most 4X games.  So, in the end, it feels like you're getting a $40 game for the price of of $60."
76561197996401218,Recommended,289130,20942029,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ShinsoBEAM,The best Hex 4X game on the market right now.
,Recommended,289130,21247959,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Makoo,"I like this turn based 4x kinda game.It is in some ways more complex than the Civ games, but in others it's simpler.But I like the fundamentally different races that play in largely different ways."
76561198157329578,Recommended,289130,21266366,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SquirrelMan7,Reminds me of heroscape
76561197990562257,Recommended,289130,21285433,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,BW,"Endless Legend brings a whole new view on turn-based strategies. Nations with tens of characteristics, a changing world, unique atmosphere and balanced gameplay – all these things make the game a significant milestone for the genre. However, It takes a while to get going, it doesn't present complex information to the player in a concise and understandable way, which means it can sometimes be a frustrating experience for new players. Took me a couple tries before I got the hang of it. Once I did, it's been a fun game indeed. Endless Legend combines fantastic fiction with compelling strategy. Underpinning it all is a strong design philosophy that connects the tenets of the 4X genre together seamlessly, while providing a plethora of options. It takes a classic strategy formula, but makes it feel fresh, offering a fun, addictive and almost unique experience."
,Recommended,289130,21304333,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Podrock,Great game - if Civ and Heroes of Might and Magic had a baby this would be it imo!
76561198040618934,Recommended,289130,21307622,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,FrozenIceSheets,"I'm not going to thumbs down this game, because it's already given me a lot of fun over the hours of playing it, though the game unfortunately comes with some major issues with regards to random crashes and game breaking bugs.The imagery is beautiful, the music is fantastic, and the depth of play is certainly there, but the random crashes and bugs can really hinder the flow and enjoyment of the game.I've had two experiences of a game crashing during a multiplayer which has then (for whatever reason) not allowed us to restart the game after hours of play.  This is quite obviously unacceptable and a massive pain in the posterior.If you think you can handle the crashes, then get the game, because it's beautiful and a lot of fun (when it's working)."
76561198061018281,Recommended,289130,20891074,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Theophany,"Beautiful art, beautiful soundtrack, beautiful factions, beautiful quests.Beautiful game.Amplitude Studios are not devs, they are artists."
,Recommended,289130,21181282,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,succ my toes,"This is a great game!  It takes a little getting used to at first... and honestly the tutorial is trash. It just tells you the bare bones about the game.  For instance, you have to figure out how to level up districts by yourself, etc, etc. But once you get past that learning curve, it's an amazing game. It sucks up your time immediately, and soon you realize that you've spent 40 hours on the game that you bought the other day."
,Recommended,289130,21253397,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,EquaZa,very good and balansed game
76561198138018427,Recommended,289130,21250965,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Eralock,"this game is incredible, i wouldnt ver say it isnt, it is refreshing fun and damn hard at times, but it isnt perfect. combat can be a bit of a drag, and the ai.....THE AI! they ill mercilesly rush for the win on almost all modes and even in the easier ones thy dont lt up, so if your going for a solo game get ready for a hard slog, However th multiplayer is supreb and is a great way to spend a day playing and chilling."
76561198030887751,Recommended,289130,21172332,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Agresivo,"Very solid alternative to Civ5, with a much more satisfying combat system."
,Recommended,289130,21197798,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Texas-Tempest,awesome.
76561198006335214,Recommended,289130,21189826,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Napseis,"Great gameplay, beautiful artwork."
,Recommended,289130,21110248,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,izO,good 4X game with innovative features and Heros
,Recommended,289130,21111360,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Zarkray,Great game!
76561198171111173,Recommended,289130,21044557,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ObiHan Skyodi,A truly fantastic strategy game. Stop reading reviews and just buy it already.
76561197968055402,Recommended,289130,21109370,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Giant Space Hamster,Excellent 4x game. Definitely better than Civ V and BE. On par with (but very different from) Civ IV. Excellently designed UI.
76561198026149679,Recommended,289130,21140477,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Patrick,"If Civ5 and Heroes of might and magic 5 had a baby, this would be it. Basically taking best of both worlds and putting them together. Not just that but it seems like the dev studio actually listened to their audience. On top of that the game just seems incredibly well polished and optimized."
,Recommended,289130,21119304,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Avrenis,"I purchased this game about 2.5 weeks ago, and I have put in about 40 hours so far. I love the game; so much content and gorgeous. It plays kind of like Civ, but better. Each faction has their own story/lore; they also have their own quirks and units. For example: Cultists can only own 1 city, but can convert minor factions which will then provide them with resource production and military units. Roving clans can pick up and move their cities for better placement, are gold centric, and cannot declare war; rather they buy mercenary units and have unlabeled privateer armies to take over enemies. Necrophages cannot declare peace and spread disease in combat; a diseased foe that dies spreads disease and can also be generate a troop for your army (raise the dead!).The devs obviously have and are continuing to put a lot of effort into the game, and this is the most fun I have had playing this genre since I first played Civ 3. This game builds on that concept and adds in a ton of additional content and story, which makes you feel much more connected to the game."
,Recommended,289130,21332859,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,{SW} -=[AJ]=-,"Amazing, buy it now."
,Recommended,289130,19348610,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,rpattun,"my old review just old complained about the UX, which I still think is bad but then again I think most games have terrible UX, and I have the patience of a 5 year old when it comes to figuring out controlsbut, once I got past that it's a great game. visually great, not quite as deep as civ5 with all the expansions, but the huge differences between factions and the hero system more than makes up for that by keeping the game fresh. playing a different faction is almost like playing a different game.if you're looking for a civ alternative this is the one"
,Recommended,289130,21539515,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,McFly_1984,"Be prepared to devote some time to dissecting the rules of the game, very similar to civ with a nice running lore that crosses through amplitude's other games. Some of the minor factions come off as much cooler than some of the main factions, hopefully they eventually give you the ability to play as the minor factions like the total war series, but even without this perk a very deep game that will take a long time to master. Overall very engaging and totally worth the time and money. It will really make you want a elder scrolls-like game set in this universe!"
,Recommended,289130,21541243,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Musica,it needs some balancing but besides that it's WAY better than Civ is right now.
,Recommended,289130,21446751,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,borisvolodnikov,"Possibly the best PC 4X game made to date. While the lore is sometimes forgettable, the game is beautiful, and has much more depth than your typical Civ-clone (or even Civ itself). This made me uninstall every other 4X game I own."
,Recommended,289130,29689656,Posted: 4 February,all,.cfu vue IE,pretty good if you are into this kind of thing.
,Recommended,289130,21397992,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,x.Nexus,"Awesome game, yet need more time to enjoy all the features. Mostly i skip the battle, but must prepare for a good army. Too slow game, yet an exciting one."
,Recommended,289130,21670202,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,zeuslyone,"If you like 4X games, this is a must have. It's like a cross between Civ 5 and a high fantasy novel. Furthermore, each race (civilization) you choose to lead to victory has a completely different playstyle than the others due to different traits that completely change the play dynamics. I've put well over 100 hours into this game with it's expansions, and I plan to put hundreds more. It's really that good. Please buy this and support this company's future projects!"
76561198010550611,Recommended,289130,21781398,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,popkin,Great game. I wish they have reduce # of buildings/skill and increase value of rest of them. It seems like too many with very little worth by end of game.  I live the UI - best I've ever seen. Game is polish and smooth. Your units can move independently even during the turn - super nice. Highly recommend!
76561198057785643,Recommended,289130,21781436,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mr.MELLO,it is a good game!
,Recommended,289130,21829874,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Shagamemnon,"This game is amazing. It is a breath of fresh air in the increasingly stale 4X genre. If anything, this game is the true spiritual sequel to Alpha Centauri I have been waiting for."
76561197982854553,Recommended,289130,21808574,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sage,"Yup, this is a good one. I bounced off it at first... but then it sucked me in. Now... now I don't sleep anymore."
,Recommended,289130,21829177,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mekyro,"Classy 4x, the implementation of the battle system misses a few marks, It's easy to toss a should-win battle and win a definatle loss, valid vs ai, painful versus players."
,Recommended,289130,21865229,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Ruiner,"Just another Turn-based strategy. Fun if you like the genre.There are a few issues in the game, but the internet solves them if you get stuck."
76561198006523907,Recommended,289130,21854386,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,kierancowan,"Maybe the best 4X game I've played in a decade, varied, the faction differences all lead to a very unique play experience. The DLC support is ongoing, I highly recommend this game."
76561198085627540,Recommended,289130,21803917,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Juice Masta XD900,Love this game. Everything about it.
76561198148289777,Recommended,289130,21923939,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Raviel,"This game feels like a cross between heroes (3, 4) and civilizations 5.if you liked any of those you might as well give it a try.Pros:1) many ways to customize your units (items or getting different neutral units to join your army)2) each faction is different, not just visually but even the play stile changes from faction to faction giving so much more fun and replayability to the game.3) random maps generator, every map is random generated again adding to replayability4) has multiplayer if you want to play with friendsCons:1) interface is not intuitive and takes time to get used to it.At first it seems that the game is very simple and maybe even shallow becose of this, but as you discover the more advanced mechanics that arent obvious at first sight you may understand that it is no the case.(start with the tutorial, some gides are available in the community for more advanced mechanics)2) somewhat military oriented, even if you go for a peacefull win condition you may need to build some army to defend your territory or conquer some other high value territories. (if you are more of a militarist type then its not a problem at all)Summary:If you want a challenging strategy game that has some variety of units and some ways to be creative about you army,and not have everyone use same types of units that just look slightly different you should try this game."
76561198048956917,Recommended,289130,21065170,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Pilgrim,Really fun game with alot of micro managing.
,Recommended,289130,21046735,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,nazurum,"Coming from Endless Space into the Endless series, I was delighted and hooked into Endless Legend from the very first run. My friend recommended it to me, saying that it had a relaxed zenlike feel to it.Takes a little getting used to in terms of the ui, as it is a tiny bit more complex than Endless Space (as is the gameplay itself). Although there's so much similarity, that you aren't at complete loss as to what's what at any given time.The races themselves are nicely different from each other and balanced, except maybe for the bugs (or Necrophages, as they are called by their proper name) which are quite rapid to expand and can become annoyingly strong. So if you want to ruin a relaxed session in which you have the bugs as an opponent, you let them run loose and watch them consume neighbouring empires - if you want to avoid that, you'll do yourself a big favour in exterminating them as soon as possible (with or without the help of the other empires).So for a super casual strategy gameplay session Endless Space might still be the one for me, but for a whole 24h session of in-depth stratagem, Endless Legend is the one."
,Recommended,289130,20987265,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MokiKisa,I bought this game about a year ago. I feel like I'm really terrible at it but still find it really rewarding and fun. There are a lot of options to change the difficulty in many ways.The game feels much more balanced than when I first purchased it.I've recently been playing with the Shadows expansion off because I'm still getting used to all the changes and feel that expansion just adds even more complication. So you might also consider doing that if you find the espionage tactics confusing like me.  I'm sure I'll try it out later on but right now I feel it's confusing. I'm still trying to learn all the factions and game progresion.
,Recommended,289130,21014578,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dan from West Baptist Church,"If Civ 5 (mom) and Heroes of Might and Magic 3 (dad) had a beautiful child that took after mom more than dad, this would be it. Also, grandma would be D&D.Stick out the boring tutorial, its worth it!!!"
76561198076285701,Recommended,289130,21011924,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Gorgon,Is Good.
,Recommended,289130,20744891,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Kalpan,10/10 would play through winter again
76561198079675531,Recommended,289130,21007084,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Melon,"Endless Legend is an outstanding game. I found it alot like RISK in the beginning, until I started getting more and more into it and yes it keeps that RISK type play but so much more content. But even with the tutorial I found somethings still vague and not in a good way as simple things seemed to be  more difficult as the tutorial only touched on it breefly or not at all. But thats the only thing I found wrong with this game. So shortend downProFun interesting gameplayConTutorial is vague"
,Recommended,289130,21007366,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,CptOops,Best turn-based strategy game I have ever played.  I can think of literally nothing negative about this game other than I want MOR factions. Can't wait for Endless Space 2.
76561198097615774,Recommended,289130,12670921,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,AdventureGoose,Fantastic and deep 4x game. The game is beautiful and the world is extremely well developed and interesting. Completely worth the price. Get it.
76561198018123778,Recommended,289130,12672708,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Krazal,If you are civilization fan... you like this game too!
76561198032121438,Recommended,289130,12677054,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,travisbilliter,Started a game.  Built up a massive army.  Made a peace offering to another empire for 65000 in game currency.  They accepted.  11/10
76561198009625167,Recommended,289130,12650686,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,yazah,"Although it is a classic 4X game at its core, Endless Legent manages to bring a lot of originality and unique gameplay elements to the genre. Those new elements do take a bit of learning and adjustment (especially because each race plays very differently from the others). It is a deep game that is fun and accessable, but also definitely replayable, and will capture you with the ""just one more turn"" addiction."
76561198036019166,Recommended,289130,12657287,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,tictactoe_13,"I love the style, artwork and feel of this game.  It has a CIV style gamelay meets fantasy RPG theme.The controls are really glitchy in battle mode which can REALLY make for frusterating reloads.   Your own AI in battles is INFURIATING!  When an enemy has been eliminated that another unit has targeted your unit has a tendancy to run right into battle and suicide.  That NEEDS to be fixed for me to take this seriously as a strategy game.  Be prepared for many battle reloads.That being said the graphics are a treat and very well done, the quests are fun and engaging and it really takes this 4X gameplay in a new direction.If you are a fan of CIV style games and loved the fantasy pack expansions for CIV then this is definitly right for you!Really get this game!  I have played for days and it still is intrigueing."
76561198049200439,Recommended,289130,13008790,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dual Blade,"The game needs more factions and better AI, yet this still is a good game."
76561197973123774,Recommended,289130,13010316,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,xxmercutioxx,I can not save games.  I just get coffee like background wtih no option to save.  No one hellped in in the forms for now over 8 hours.  There is not support at all.  I want to delete steam and get my money back for Endless Legan
76561198000407356,Recommended,289130,13021378,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Uncle Enzo,"This is without a doubt at the top of my list for best strategy game of the year.    Once again Amplitude has turned out a solid product, and the developer continues to support and improve the game long after release.The game is one of the few 4X titles to find a workable and satisfying solution to the strategy of spamming cities, and the lore in the game combined with the perks of the factions in the game give each faction a distinct and interesting flavor.The combat is a semi-controlled tactical battle, where you can control where a unit moves or who it targets, but without detailed control about how the unit gets there.  The combat is probably the least satisfying element of the game to me, but is still decent.  The rest of the game is simply excellent, and easily worth the full price of the game."
76561198054484608,Recommended,289130,13151030,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,interleaper,"Gorgeous painterly graphics. Not terribly stable; the framerate dropped on me as the game progressed and I had one crash to desktop. In my one game on normal difficulty the AI was an absolute pushover, only ever using melee troops which my archers cut to shreds before they could engage. The in-game help is not as informative as it could be and both the manual and the wiki are very sparse. Upgrading troops is a bit of a chore since there's no ""upgrade all"" button; each item has to be individually replaced and when you do, sometimes other items are unequipped for no very clear reason. All in all, beautiful and atmospheric enough that I give it a recommend despite the annoyances."
76561198008258575,Recommended,289130,13151175,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Gen Shishio,"This game is an innovative twist on the good-old just-one-more-turn 4x strategy genre. It has a science fiction feel with each of the eight races being distictly different and interesting. I played my first game as the Drakkens and won before I could finish their quest line. It was interesting enough that I want to play as them again just to see how their storyline ends.The map is beautiful looking and zooms in and out between the fully rendered terrain hexes and a more tactical oriented map that shows the separate provinces. Not only is in easy on the eyes to look at, but it's also easy to navigate. In fact the whole game is easy to navigate.Endless Legend has one of the best, if not the best, interfaces I've ever seen in a game. Information is delivered clearly and concisely so you can spend your time playing, not hunting for menus. The reminder prompts at the beginnning of each turn made my first play through a breeze.Minor gripe: (and it is very minor) I would have liked to seen a larger unit roster for each race. Only four racial units per faction feels a bit limited. You can upgrae them with better gear as you play, but you still only get the four basic models to work with. The minor factions can help diversify your army a bit, but I'd still like to have seen at least a few more racial units per faction. I hope they consider adding more in an expansion.If you like 4X TBS games Endless Legend won't disappoint. I'm glad I bought it."
76561198008646201,Recommended,289130,13153308,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Chakat Silverpaw,Awesome! Just AWESOME!
76561197999326372,Recommended,289130,13153842,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,kadni,What an incredible game!  The originality is a breath of fresh air!
,Recommended,289130,13154188,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Redus,"Thought I was doing well, but then the mages with demon support happened. 10/10"
,Recommended,289130,13155094,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,WillFMisDope.com (Will F.M),"Love it. One issue though. The song ""A Seach for Forgivness"" sounds alot like a rip off of Noisia ""tommys theme"". Just a classical version of it. Anyone know if either of these songs are original?"
76561197989011241,Recommended,289130,21031206,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,madness,"This game is a work of pure genius. The balance is so brilliant, the atmospheric audio and world Auriga are brilliant. The art work is so unique and each factions powers are truly different and not just cosmetic. I highly recommend the endless collection if you like 4X games like Civilization. In my humble opinion, this game is better that all the Civs."
76561198052523268,Recommended,289130,21106588,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,badmojoe,i like it but not much of a story i was hoping for
76561198122342608,Recommended,289130,21123859,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,梦里花落知多少丶,"what a nice game?so sad for language,add chinese language to use plz!Too much guys wanna play it,But they don't understanding how to do when they without chinese~:OIf they update in next time,chinese language mod can't working anymore!so just add language!"
76561198007986355,Recommended,289130,21069322,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,mummbles,If you like civ you will love this game.
76561198106878340,Recommended,289130,21069408,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,efly,I've really enjoyed this game I just wish there was a campaign mode. Some skirmishes can take days to complete and once done then there isn't any further challenge... though I will end in saying it was fun.
,Recommended,289130,21088484,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,DayHark,"What would happen if you took the hero mechanic of Warcraft III and decided to balance and streamline Civ 5 gameplay?You get Endless Legend, a high fantasy, quick turn based strategy game.As 4X games go this one stands at the top."
76561198171482130,Recommended,289130,21162250,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Bond_Villain,I had fun.
,Recommended,289130,15441737,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,RoxieSox,"If u try to fight the dragon frickers you will die apparently, this isnt a review im just really salty right now.(Im realizing vaulters and rovers are hard to fight them with but itd be nice to do some damage without it getting healed off and returned x2, those frickers showing up with fiddy armies at my shore every godamn time tho)Better than Civ, i like the fact that factions actually have differences n stuff, the army customization is nice and its was easier to figure out. Frick the Ai for the dragon frickers tho, diplomatic they are not."
,Recommended,289130,20979372,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Munchmasta,"Recommended! 4/5 stars. I am a 4x player, starting with Civ I when I was a kid, then Civ 2 and MOO and Alpha Centari, and then many others that just never seemed to quite measure up. Sure, I wasted many an hour of ""just 1 more turn"" but few came close to hooking me the way those polished early games did... until now.I picked this up on sale and didn't have high expectations. I was immediately struck by the visual polish of the game, but my first playthrough I got frustrated. It seemed so easy, but I was losing. My cities were all unhappy. The AIs all had a higher score. WTF? After some googling and learning some important but not well documented play mechanics I tried again... and all of a sudden the game was fun. Really fun. And immersive.I find it reminds me a lot of some of the great old 4x games, but smooth and modern. It is a lot like Alpha Centari, but in a fantasy setting - you're on an alien planet. You can chose races that fit your playing style and are quite different from each other. You can customize your millirary units, outfitting them with a range of weapons and armor and trinkets that provide boosts. I settled into my old Alpha fav - the vaulters, who lead by science.The music is tasteful. The vibrant colours are bang on. The races are thought out and fairly balanced. The mechanics are complicated enough to give it depth, but they don't get in the way of gameplay.There are weaknesses. The AI isn't as ""smart"" and robust as I would like. The AI players seem completely maliable and wooden, and at normal or lower difficulty literally don't put up much of a fight. Victory conditions are somewhat confusing and don't seem super balanced - science victory is super hard for example, it is much easier to just crush everyone. Some critical game mechanics are inexplicably hidden (leveling districts, I'm looking at you). Battles can drag on forever (the auto feature seems to work well though). Gameplay timing is still a bit off - either too long or short depending on the map size.As of this writing there are very few workshop mods, I am hoping the modding community will help round this game out, because it's a great game that could be even better. Right now it is beating out Civ 5, Age of Wonders 3, and Warlock 2 for my few gaming hours. Kudos to the developer. Well done."
76561198167248758,Recommended,289130,20974891,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SuJuSkyrim,"This is a lovely game. I've not only enjoyed playing it thus far (this is my first time), but I've also come to the conclusion that I should not be put in charge of my own empire LOL. Normally I'm not one for these kind of games, but i figured I'd give it a try. And it was well worth the money. Beautiful atmospheric environment, awesome gameplay, super interesting story line and characters. And awesome OST. Perfect combination."
,Recommended,289130,21635132,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,AstralReturn,"Couldn't run it, sure looked fun though.9/10 Would buy a better computer"
,Recommended,289130,20583044,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Pizzaman,"Basically when sid meier's civilization V, But than 10 times more harder."
76561198025825890,Recommended,289130,20682916,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Najmanj,"As a reviewer said, this game is a gem. And it truly is. It's truly a gem. Almost every aspect of it is well thought through. You can dive right into it at lower difficulties and understand most parts of it. Extremely hard to master this game, so many possibilities. And its unforgivingly hard on higher difficulties. It's simply a great game and a must have game for 4x lovers. Recommended."
,Recommended,289130,20683298,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,unbelieve a ball,Way better than CIv5!
,Recommended,289130,20683417,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,🐉Hagerstrandz🐉,Great fantsy strategy game its like civ V and a fantasy biome
,Recommended,289130,20679537,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Virion,"Endless legend is an incredibly beautiful game. With it's art, it turns a turn based game into a story that I loved following. It plays great, and adds some really nice touches to the standard mechanics."
76561198081077331,Recommended,289130,15617381,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Dr. Croqueta King,"I like the game-- when it isn't crashing every 3 turns. The tutorial is also pretty useless.Edit: So it turns out you need the 64bit version of windows to run this game without it crashing-- that was my problem. The game is amazing, with detailed artwork, fun story, and ridiculously cool play. 9/10 (The community is small so it's hard to find people to play with, and there's no campaign. Still awesome.)"
76561198065101808,Recommended,289130,24968463,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Jumja38,"Great game. I was worried about replayability, then I found the faction customiser."
,Recommended,289130,24872559,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Lud,"Great game, has an interesting questline for each faction, you can customize your hero's skills and inventory, you can edit your faction with different traits that fit your playstyle, you can even customize your army! The music and graphics are pretty damn good, too.Solid 9/10 game, buy this at once!"
76561198093345507,Recommended,289130,24941710,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,🐾~Erohr~🐾,"Generally, I'm not a huge fan of these kinds of games, but I LOVE THIS. It builds on the foundations of a lot of similar turn based strategy games. I will definitely recommend this game to someone who just downloaded Steam and/or looking for a fun TBS game to play."
,Recommended,289130,23666965,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Elchardus,"Awesome game. Definitely influenced by civilization which is no big deal, who wasn't?I would like to see some extra visual changes to cities after building stuff though..would make the game quasi perfect in my opinion.Hero and troop costumization is wonderful as well. Diplomacy more unused in my gameplay but definitely nice according to others. Spying and reinforcing almost unused in my gameplay. But the PEARLS can't be ignored so that update is really a game changer (considering WINTER IS COMING).Workshop is awesome, but I could use some more info in the details of modding. (And already wonderful work of fellow gamers in workshop, hat off guys).Wonder buildings are not enough! :DEDIT:Still missing some feeling in the game, not everything is controlable. Some more updates were expected. All by all, still good game."
,Recommended,289130,25362764,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Noobish Newb,"If you tried Civilization before, you will like this."
,Recommended,289130,23981804,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Middovaar,Y u no ply dis gam?????????
76561197961960180,Recommended,289130,14985322,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Hard Nox Life,"A fantasy-based 4X Turn-based strategy game that excels in many areas. Slightly more complex than Civilization 5, but the complexity pays off in regards to increased options.If you are looking for a break from Civ 5, then this is the game to try. One of the most original and beautiful 4X games to come out in a long time."
76561198035230266,Recommended,289130,19430056,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Bladewind,"Endless Legendis legendary in every way except for theseExecrable & Loathsomerandom quests that you cannot complete...  (e.g. Asking the Broken Lords to feed a sheep when they cannot generate food, and then dangle the tier 3 (aka best) equipment as reward of the quest chain) /RAGEI do hope they fix it in the near future.Outside of that 1 major quirk, game play is solid.  All the game systems work together like clockwork, as fine tune as Civ...  But in the arena of combat, it completely surpassed Civ with the Hex-Based Grid Battle mechanic that lets you control the actual battle, which is done on the actual world map with elevation, army reinforcement from nearby forces, etc. to make it more realistic and tactical.  Very enjoyable for myself, whom enjoyed Master of Magic for many years.Update: Quests have been fixed, and with new expansion added.  This game is still in the running against Civ 6."
76561198211909397,Recommended,289130,27342268,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lord Tachanka,"great game, it has a lot of in game feature. when first started playing i thought ""meh its not as fun as they say"" but it definitly gets addictive once you learn how to play it"
76561198063875527,Recommended,289130,27361039,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AldeArte,"Awesome game with really fun elements to strategy, city management and victory progression."
,Recommended,289130,27360497,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mcq397,10/10
76561198054735378,Recommended,289130,15403349,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mad Spark,A great game with great story and lore. Endless Legend feels like a truly unique experience everytime you play it.
76561198063130823,Recommended,289130,26936920,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Largo sensei,"This game really does seem to have it all. Great strategy and empire management, fantastic artwork and side quests, tactical battles, weather and seasons, terrain, npc clans to conquer or ally with, empire approval and taxation, multiple win conditions, assymetrical races and play styles, to name just part of what makes this game great. The only downside to this game is that all the dlc are required to have that game experience."
,Recommended,289130,14013172,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,IDEAFIX,"Fantastic game! Very similar to Age of Wonders III, Warlock and Civilization, exceeding the same on several issues. advanced upgrade equipment, races and interesting skills, fun combat, graphic ""state of the art"" even in old equipment (observed minimum requirements). I bought the game in a Steam promotion  and  I do not regret it. I recommend to all who enjoy strategy games, fantasy and RPG.PT-BRFantástico Jogo! Muito semelhante ao Age of Wonders III, Warlock e Civilization, conseguindo superar os mesmos em vários quesitos. Sistema de upgrade de equipamento muito variado, raças e habilidades interessantes, combate em turnos empolgante, gráfico ""estado-da-arte"", mesmo em equipamentos antigos (observados requisitos mínimos). Adquiri em preço promocional, e não me arrependo. Recomendo a todos que gostam de Estatégia+RPG em turnos."
76561198051706478,Recommended,289130,27355086,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CimbriiBlood,"A fresh take on turn based strategy, and a great background lore as well.  Feels balanced and well paced."
,Recommended,289130,27376171,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fox Man,"This is a good game for when you have the time to play it. it's similar to Civ just with fantacy and RPG elaments added to it. if you have the time and patience for this game, then you will enjoy this title."
76561198087019152,Recommended,289130,22244444,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Insecticide,"Great 4x Stratrgy game. Alot of unique concepts for the genre. With the dlc provides continuous, unique gameplay for everytime you play."
,Recommended,289130,25879283,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,The Gentle Art of Cracking Heads,gorgeous 4x 10/10
,Recommended,289130,25879388,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Sandworm,Great game and just different enough from Civ games while still having the basics right.
,Recommended,289130,25879410,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,xoxoGrandmaBakes420xoxo,"Great 4X game, pretty and does some innovative stuff."
,Recommended,289130,25879454,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Sparra,"An extremely good 4X game, and plays a fair bit differently from the Civilization series as well! I love the setting, which is taking fantasy races through an industrial revolution, and since each faction plays very differently from each other, the replayability of the game is stupidly high.And best of all? The multiplayer WORKS. Setting up the game for multiplayer is a breeze, and even if it desyncs (which rarely happens), the game just goes back to the lobby, with everyone in it, then the host and relaunch it right then and there. Compared to the Civilization series, which has atrocious multiplayer that constantly desyncs, playing a 4X game with friends is wonderful!"
76561198005551843,Recommended,289130,25879879,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,RetiredReplicant,Just absolutely wonderful.  Love exploring the world each and every time.
,Recommended,289130,25879961,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,b.,"Gorgeous graphics, fun gameplay, and streamlined game experience. Wholly worth it."
,Recommended,289130,21131029,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MrTimberCottage,Excellent civ-like with deeper combat strategy and heroes mechanic. Lovely stuff
76561198052148947,Recommended,289130,21150928,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Rexxig,Amazing 4X title.-Great Story and compelling world.-Diverse factions with unique stories.-Combat is better than Civ 5.-Great UI design and a polished game.100% Recommend!
76561197970353880,Recommended,289130,21315034,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ashbringer,9/10 Great game had hours of fun alone and with friends. You can play slow or fast just change map size...you will find a smaller map with more players is really fast paced while a larger map where players are more spaced is much slower...so you can ajust game aggression to your style. Each faction is unique...not just a few unit changes but completely different in play style....the do have the same tech choices...but it matters little as how tech effects each race can be massively different.
76561198073553906,Recommended,289130,21314467,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Starwall,This is an innovative and atmospheric 4X that I am very glad my friends all bought before I needed to buy it for them. It is definitely worth the price.
76561198088303142,Recommended,289130,14693754,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Industrial_Smut,"Goodbye CIV, it's been fun recreating different versions of history for last 20+ years. You see Endless Legends just adds more interesting things to do and flushes out the 4x gameplay to the perfect combination of exploration and wargaming strategy in a lush environment without incorporating the races we all live with here on earth. Plus Custom, Custom, Custom!"
,Recommended,289130,21667172,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,BRULLAN,"Endless Legend was one of the first X4 games that I tried and one of the first that really got me hooked. I think my just over 300h played in this game gives that away, hurr hurr. The game itself has to me a solid mixture between fun, strategic challange and a pretty nice learning curve. Easy to learn, hard to master. I've mostly played multiplayer and my experience is that when it works, it works and its fun. When it doesn't, it can be long and dreadful games with lag and people dropping due to the nature of the games network programming.It does have plenty of room for balance issues among the factions, also it does have room for improving the map generation and placements of various items such as strategic resources, anomolies and of course placement of the actual empires (you and your foe's).I know that in a perfect world you would seize your opportunity and adapt to the situation, regarding of where you end up in the world. This is also very possible. However, if you end up being the one forced to adapt and your opponent(s) does not you are at a very compromised situation. This is where I think the game needs the most work to get that edge that it could have. Right now everything is random, the generator is built on random. I like random. BUT there should be a limit to the randomness, or you should atleast be able to make the randomness even for all the players. As in if you use the setting ""MANY"" anomolies, it should be regions that will have many anomolies. Not the world. Then you eliminate the issues with one player having 0 anomolies in his region whilst another one get 7 on his first city, ultimately giving that player a huge advantage.Apart from that, I am still having a blast while playing this game. I would totally recommend it. Is it perfect? No. Could it be? Definitely.Best thing I could recommend if you want to eliminate the issues I've spoken of is to find a group of friends and reroll the map a couple of times until everyone is happy with their start.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,289130,23031589,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,zzSleeper,This is what Civ 5 should have been (it seems based on the Civ 5 engine).  More compelling theming and better mechanics all around.
,Recommended,289130,21222249,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Wülfgrïm,"Not going to lie, Ive spent hours watching tutorials on Youtube by gamers to get a grasp, and being me I picked a hard to play faction, but out of many 4x games I've played this one offers a very diverse and artistic immersion into the Endless Universe, (Big fan btw) with mysterious possible references to other factions from the other Endless games, the developers have been doing a good job patching and balancing their games, adding new content, mostly i'd recommend getting this game if A: You have a friend to play with (make new ones too who can teach you) B: you are willing to start over and try again (ive had to do this many times getting the hang of early game matches) C: You want a game that has great replay value (trying out all the factions discovering different playstyles and adapting to randomly generated maps and formidable AI)"
76561198084248646,Recommended,289130,25927586,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,laughing_charlotte,"If you like 4x game, rest assured. this is the best 30€ you can spend on a game. Even if you haven't played any, this game won't alienate you and make you like the genre.Just for your information, the emperor edition  doesn't really add much to the game itself. But if you are amplitude fan this may be worth it for you.The DLCs are all great. It acts like an expansion with carefully thought rebalancing to the content packed base game. So I think they do pretty fair business here. I recommend to get all the DLC as bundle to save some money."
,Recommended,289130,25880142,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Bollasupa,"An absolutely fantastic game.Beautiful visually, complex without too much micromanagement, game mechanics feel connected to the theme and feeling of the game, the UI is perfect and the world seems ""fleshed out"".But the most brilliant thing about this game, and the reason why I like it so much, is that the races feel and play absolutely different from each other. The can be so different from each other that it is almost like you are playing different games.I would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,289130,25880244,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Electrical Flex,Great Turn based Strategy game by great devs.
,Recommended,289130,25886741,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Winter,Excellent game. This game introduced me to the 4x genre and how much fun it can be to play.
,Recommended,289130,25887300,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,JPB,"Enjoyable 4x game, good setting and atmosphere."
76561198038553686,Recommended,289130,25889086,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,tinheart,Love it! Slick UI. The ability to recruit the neutral tribes puts it over the top.
76561198019020662,Recommended,289130,25889109,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,JOwnsYou,A unique strategy game that I will not allow to be review bombed by chinese pirates.
76561197991346013,Recommended,289130,25889241,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kojiru,"Bought when the game was on sale + DLC. Played it, it was great, encouraged friends to buy it as well.Still have a fun time playing it with them, can't wait for the next expansion!"
76561198003972292,Recommended,289130,25889403,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Braindrain555,"A wonderful evolution of the 4X genre. Clearly inspired by Civ 5, but brings a new level of map interactivity and design. DLC are good expansions, and each faction plays differently enough that the gameplay doesn't get stale nearly as quickly."
,Recommended,289130,25889814,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Spinny Chair,One of the best 4X games out.
,Recommended,289130,27498249,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CoreX64,"That moment when you played Endless Legend for the first time and you just put Erase City in the construction queue!Come on, who did this?"
,Recommended,289130,27509597,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RNB Guru,"As a big fan of Civilization, I bought Endless Legend to hold me over until Civilization 6 came out. Little did I know, I would get so hooked on Endless Legend that I didn't care when Civ 6 was released.The game features a variety of races that all have unique playstyles. This gives the game a lot of replayability as you find yourself exploring different strategies depending on which one you select. There are a lot of mechanics in the game that give it more depth: the addition of winter changing how your troops move/economy performs, turn based battles within the overall combat to allow more refined combat, and the restriction of one settlement per territory forcing expansion decisions early.It's a great game and available at such a low price, it's worth giving a try."
76561198046153785,Recommended,289130,23544008,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SleepiestRanger,"Good game, a lot like civilizations, but in my opinion better."
,Recommended,289130,23546266,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,haonmot71,"Thus far, a very enjoyable game. I definitely like the fantasy aspects and feel like each faction is unique enough that I want to try them all. Most likely will be purchasing the DLC later tonight just to give me even more options. I will say I don't think I've even scratched the surface yet. I played the tutorial and am on turn 35 of my first attempt at a playthrough. There doesn't seem to be much building to be done or else I'm not progressing properly but the presentation of the game is so great I want to try more and more to get all out of it that I can. Would definitely recommend, especially if on sale."
76561198304342961,Recommended,289130,23696223,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Weeaboo_Warrior,tbh i love these types of games. it's a bit confusing at first to learn but once you get it down it's fun.
76561198116984046,Recommended,289130,19491165,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Zatarains,"Kiddos, avoid the Necrophages.. at all costs."
,Recommended,289130,23595680,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Vikeyev,So much yes!Quests how it should be done.diversity in every species.Customize your factionThis game is still a wonder to me as i keep coming back to it for another play trough.it has a wide selection of species that all play very unique to one another and even look very unique.by far Endless Legend has the most interesting and diverse species to play with.From your traders to dust (gold) consuming creatures. each providing their own way of development.its not perfect but i recommend this any time i can.the biggest issue i still run into is that some techniques in the game are unexplained but extremely important.like how do ya create your soldiers? you can get them equipment to improve their status.this is the main way to power up your units but it is quite obnoxious to work with. since with every age new resources are available you quite often run up against opponents with far superior armies.its combat is also quite. . . i don't have the word for it.its not that great because it gives you a tactical grid to command your soldiers in.however they often move on their own depending on their engagement commands. it requires a lot of getting used to and honestly i do not like it. age of wonders or even Civ V has more appealing combat mechanics but that is my personal opinion.It has a lot of dlc across all of the endless games. it is a bit annoying because ya never really know if ya have every single one of them.If you are not a insane strategy fan then i suggest waiting for a sale or something. but for those who wish for a good solid strategy game then you have the game already or should certainly pick this one up.
,Recommended,289130,15250590,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,WeeWee,Yep
76561198064933158,Recommended,289130,23710745,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ShadowZ,"please make mods editor like civilization 5 sdk. the game is very researched and would like to add to her fan fraction and maps, and more. Map Editor will be a success even as a DLC"
,Recommended,289130,23816804,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,profbeans,"Very good game, dlc's fixed a lot of problems."
76561198061309656,Recommended,289130,23562877,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,The Main Character,"I was a huge fan of Aplitude Studio's game Endless Space, and Sid Meier's Civ V before I tried Endless Legend. This game is a great combination of the two. It has the basic tile structure of Civ, but in the world of The Endless. The art-style of this game is beautiful and the setting is very unique. The combat system is an improvement from ES and Civ V, and the new resources system is very refreshing."
,Recommended,289130,21416811,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Tantura,"This is fun. Much better than something like Age of Wonders where the AI do backdooring. Then just Summon even more units from the city they capped and backdoor more cities, such a swine, the AI in this actually do stuff instead of sending 1 Unit Armies around capping cities while yours are out.EDIT: I've noticed alot of negative reviews complaining about the game crashing, but i've not expierenced a single crash in the 20 hours i've played this, So maybe their systems just aren't upto par?"
76561198026117441,Recommended,289130,30687597,Posted: 23 March,all,Mrpdoc806,This is a great game.PROS:-Making your own faction is fun and all the prebuilt factions are enjoyable and fairly unique to play.-The DLC's for this game added interesting new mechanics that made a game that I thought of stale as enjoyable again.-Soundtrack is great.-AI is ok.CONS:- I mentioned it already but this game does get somehwat repetitive. I reached this point about 30-40 hours in.At only $29.99 for the base game there's no reason why you shouldn't try it at least once.
,Recommended,289130,30684389,Posted: 23 March,all,Krym,"Solid fun with the classic  explore, expand, research and conquer strategic gameplayTactical battles are enjoyable with terrain and tactics rewarding smart playLeaders level up and grow with your empireControlling resources and key provinces is a critical part of winningSome people like the graphics but personally I hate them because they only make it more difficult to see what is happening on the 'board'. I set them as low as possible because the war/winnig strategy becomes clearerMain complaint is the Random map generator does some stupid stuff or I would be playing this a lot more"
,Recommended,289130,23939736,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Smear Merchant,"Endless Legends is another great 4X turn-based strategy game from Amplitude Studios based in their Endless Universe with a fantasy feel. They manage to integrate the scif-fi aspects from Endless Space in very creative and fun ways and really create an interesting setting (fingers-crossed for an RPG).The use of provinces keeps the micro-managing down and the tactical combat adds some more depth over the Endless Space fleet battles that used phases and orders. The city expansion mechanic with boroughs iadds some strategic decisions to where you found. The Winter/Summer mechanic is fun and requires you to plan ahead so you can keep the wheels of your empire and armies turning when the snow falls. Minor factions are also fun and can add unique units to your empire.Each faction plays uniquely adding to replayability. The technology progression uses ages and required numbers of tech from the age to advance, it takes a little bit to get use to in my opinion but it beats Beyond Earths tech-web. There are also faction specific questing victories.Heros and units are customizable and questing gives it a good high-fantasy flavor.A great game that will eat your time!"
76561198037891501,Recommended,289130,23943629,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MattyDMZ,"My favorite city-based world strategy game.  Every faction is different, and those differences aren't just skin-deep.  There are different game mechanics, as well as a different personality (revealed through the quests, character descriptions and so on) for each, making for a significantly different experience.  Beautiful design and music.  Thoughtful and constantly improved and expanded gameplay design.  If the ""mixed"" recent reviews give you pause, just scan through them: there's very little in the way of constructive issues mentioned in any of them.Highly recommended."
76561198014325319,Recommended,289130,23842634,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,nathanu,"Endless legend is one of the games I watched while I was computerless until recently, (the horror!) I was very interested in the setting and the feel of the game. In this it does not disappoint, and it also doesnt disappoint as 4x game well at least for the first 3 x's the Explore is fantastic the world is beutiful and full of minor anomolies that put any of Civ 5's natural wonders to shame. The Expand is unique with both the normal base building and the ability to assimilate neutral factions into your empire. Exploit is handled differently then civ rather then build on tiles with workers your cities can expand into certain tiles specifically giving you access to more resources and territory, and finally Exterminate and this is unfortunetly where the game falls flat.I've always enjoyed ALL four x's in a 4x game so Im not just some kill! burn! command and conquer player, okay I am that but I enjoy when a game covers all the bases. In Endless Legend you have units that you can upgrade with certain equipment which can grant a variety of improvements or even counter other unit types. The actual combat itself isn't bad you make armies and then they fight on a smaller map in what is very like Civ 5 and you can give them specific orders or even move them onto hills or out of danger.My biggest issue with the combat is the number of units, each of the 8 unique interesting factions (10 with expansions) has only 3 units! There are even 4 ""eras"" or chunks of technology to aquire but you only get new units in the first two which kills any kind of ""teching up"" I want to do for a conquest victory, its really a shame since the factions could have had 4 units easily with how interesting they are, the minor factions help a bit but most of them aren't as interesting as the main empires.All in all I enjoy this game as a 3 1/2x game since it really misses a beat on Exterminate and maybe that was intentional but its a lot of fun to just relax and build your empire with great music + lore and a fascinating game world. I just end up wanting to kill something eventually (Im a bad person) and load up HoM3 in my custom map that is desolate and in the grips of harsh planetwide winter.Hmmm...."
,Recommended,289130,23842215,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lofwyr,This is the best 4x strategy game out there right now.  Each faction is significantly different from the other factions letting you use a wide variety of strategies instead of just one or two strategies that work.  The combat also has a significant strategic element to it instead of just throwing units at each other.  I really like playing multi player with my friends.  This game is a good buy.
76561198007571913,Recommended,289130,23825507,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bip,"It's a really good 4x.  Every faction have some gameplay twist that made every game never the same. It's  a med-fan theme but, an original one.  The only bad thing in this game is the combat système."
,Recommended,289130,23089998,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,markgray2525,"This game if like Civ 5, well if they fixed any problem i've ever had with civ ever. This game is amazing and is one everyone should try.100,000,000/10"
76561197968752969,Recommended,289130,25884069,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Reck,Very good game.
,Recommended,289130,25884085,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Flexor,Amazing alternative to the traditional 4X games
76561197988148366,Recommended,289130,25884179,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Knives,awesome game !
76561197997095216,Recommended,289130,25884250,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Vance Renadi,"One of the more enjoyable 4x games, I'd rather play this than Civ for a bunch of reasons, but for me it's primarily about the flavor.If you've played Endless Space you know the team has a unique spin on things that you don't see anywhere else.The game is slightly asymetrical with certain races being very unique, I love the squad outfitting and combat, I hadn't bought the DLC Before now, but I just bought all $40 of it and I think I'm going to have another couple sleepless nights playing again."
,Recommended,289130,25884454,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Afflictiv,Highly recommended!
,Recommended,289130,25884485,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ukion,"A unique take on the 4x genre.For me it's an odd combination of Heroes of Might and Magic and Civ V.The shining point of this game, to me, is the uniqueness of each of the different factions.They all encourage a different play style and the flavour of them is an added bonus. Gameplay is super solid, it's engaging and really makes you  think, even if you've played other 4x's."
76561197964712239,Recommended,289130,25884629,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Dick Moustache,"Very good fantasy 4X game, I don't evne think there is a competition to it."
76561198006668702,Recommended,289130,25907886,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,g_b,Top game!
,Recommended,289130,25906322,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TheMikeSem,One of the best 4X games around. Very dynamic match to match with a wonderful questing system. Highly recommended for strategy or fantasy fans.
,Recommended,289130,25903857,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LandoCalrizzian,Great gameplay and a beautiful gorgeous game.  Each faction is different and allows you to fully explore all the different ways you can win a game.  Some people have had problems with how combat is handles but I love that it seamlessly integrates RPG combat mechanics into the 4x strategy.I came to this game from Dungeon of the Endless and instantly added Amplitude Studios to my favorite developer lists.  All of their games exist in the same universe so you're rewarded for paying attention to the story and exploring every faction quest.  My only wish is that I could complete a DoTE run and seamlessly follow those characters through there Endless Legend story arc.Endless Day for ever!
