user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,289440,9720000,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Don Reba,"Perimeter is a little-known gem of the real-time strategy genre. It mixes a rate-based game flow resembling that of Total Annihilation, intensive terraforming, a psychedelic posthumanist story, and graphics advanced for its time."
76561198040135536,Recommended,289440,9736581,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,calebsfullreturn,"If you like and have time for td games this is a great oldie it is different than the others, i like it a lot, going back for more now...give it some time if u get stuck replay and learn it gets easyer then hard again but still refreshing from the norm so try it its cheap fun"
,Recommended,289440,15730070,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,killuallnow198019801980,"Perimeter is a Great strategy game! It has its own crowd. It's NOT a game for many...Why really? I explain...Perimeter is like playing an RTS chess game. You play both for capturing and keeping the ground and assault all the time. But now you'll ask.. That's what we do in strategy games,isn't it? The answer is NOT exactly.Before you begin playing the game... Read the manual. I explain some things but I can't cover everything.Hereyou can find another's guy review for the expansion and he explains many things, too. The games campaign is designed in a bad way I would say. While it tries to exhibit the game and show you some strategies it fails to the point that pusses you to deep waters without leaving you take a breath. Nothing is explained. It gives you the new units and it's up to you to test and see what they do or WHAT they CAN do. So, if you ever TEST this game have those in mind as there are very few videos even on the internet. A great strategy but ONLY with its own crowd. The men that kept playing and learning it.A small introduction...There are 3 races: The Empire , Exodus and HeartBack. It is supposed that the human race expanded many centuries but their civilization got to the zenith. A great nature call came to bring destruction and stability to the human technological advancement and that was the Scourge.  The Scourge are animals or supernatural forces to that attack the civilization. So the humans made Arks, the so called Frames. People live to those GREAT moveable cities and are born new all the time. The purpose of their travel is to find a world without Scourge to inhabit. Off course the game would be completely out if it was ONLY for the Scourge and Human Kind. The 3 races fight each other because there is great distance in their opinions. Like large Nations, their councils decide of them which path to take. The Empire tries to keep things as always were. Trying to keep the power to the Emperor only. The Exodus mission is to find the new world while fighting the Scourge. The Heartback lost their mission and mind and used the Scourge to fight all the others who never let them to get back and see their mistake.End of the story and start the strategy. All depend on the ground. The ground is the source of energy and it has to be terraformed flat to give the energy to the so called Energy cores.As much area an energy core keeps so the better. The Frame is the King in Chess. If it falls, Game Over! The frame has very little power to power up devices around it as it is installed to earth. If it flies it powers nothing. If the ground has cracks you have to terraform it to build upon it and if cracks occur while there are buildings on it they will start being destroyed. That's why the game keeps telling for attacks even if the attack has finished or after it started. Because till the crack occurs takes time. Your eyes have to be peeled to the map all the time for threats. The terraforming is automatic as much the auto repair. That's why while on attack you'll see the energy drain in vast quantities. The buildings try to be autorepaired and the broken land to be terraformed again while at the same time your gun installations hit the opponent. Everything uses power here. You have to produce this power or have to stop it from draining. Because NO energy = Game Over.You can produce many unit types but you have a population cap of 250. There are 3 type of units to produce which can be transformed to any type of unit you want dependant of the quantity of the starting units. There are the soldiers, the officers and the nano technicians. The last can heal every unit because everything is mechanical. eg. If you want a plane it may take 5 soldiers and 3 officers and 1 nano technician for each one. You can make up to 5 squads. Every energy core can have an independant shield or you can call the Perimeter, that is the shield of all cores at the same time. The energy consumption is vast. However the game will teach you how to play chess with it. You'll lose many times to understand the game logic. But after that you'll see it's a great game. The HARD core types of units are the Scummers, the Bombies and the Special units. Yes, every race may have the same types of normal units BUT it has its own special ones. Those units are the worst because they do tremendous damage mainly to the ground. If the ground falls, everything upon it will be destroyed while the base loses great energy to keep it alive. GOT THE POINT?For all the above that noone explains the game has very few followers.So now... Graphics and sounds are great for this game even after many years. CodeMasters is the company and that is a Great publisher of quality games. As for the story, I made the introduction. The difficulty of the game after a point is HARD to VERY HARD. So..ARM yourself with patience and learn the game, because I think it deseves it! To ALL HARD CORE Strategy Fans!"
76561198023351665,Recommended,289440,10790370,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,NeerPS,"Well, what can I say? It’s an old game, but it’s a good game. I remember, I couldn’t beat the campaign years back due to the need to distribute your attention, to dispense it on the different tasks. That’s why I think it’s good: you must be in absolute control of situation, of every part of yours and enemy’s forces. Some may call that babysitting, but I think it makes you think, adapt, be fast and precise in your actions.The storyline, its campaign, the world itself together reflect these concepts well, I think. The Spirits, priestly like people with advanced knowledge, discovered the new dimension — The Psychosphere. They said, they found a promised land, full of happiness for humankind, but the way here would be long and hard (as usual, of course). The Psychosphere contains all human thoughts and desires which are embodied into the Scourge: strange and dangerous creatures that are attracted by the human mind itself.Together with the other people Spirits created a floating cities — the Frames. Frame is a home for the piligrims and the way to travel through the Psychosphere in search of the Promised Land. As I said above, the Psychosphere is very unstable, chaotic and creates the Scourge due to the chaos of thoughts and desires. So all pilgrims must be controlled, must be whole and should control their mind in their dangerous travels. And it takes several years to build new portals and travel to new undiscovered worlds.Player begins the game as a Legate of the one of the first Frames. As a Legate you need to watch this chaotic world and protect your Frame and your people. You must terraform every possible place to gather more energy for your next travels, defending yourself from the Scourge, finding new worlds and new, different and heretic and hostile visions of situation from the different Frames.What I can mark as distinctive features of this game:—	terraforming is one of the main concepts of the game: you need it to gather the energy, to build your structures from the so-called zero plane; zero plane can be damaged what makes this approach very interesting from the tactical side;—	you have a robotic army that contains three basic types of units: soldier, officer and technician; if you’ll build according laboratories, you can transform you squads into new types of units, even on the fly; it creates some possibilities like digging your way underground and then transforming your squad into bombers for heavy damage;—	three different factions with three types of special units each, with different views and philosophy;—	paranormal bubble-chained world with its unique atmosphere in couple with the futuristic technologies;—	some very hard missions that need from you full concentration and distribution of your attention;—	you need to use community’s workaround to play multiplayer at the current state."
,Recommended,289440,9742779,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,bluebelle estelle /showmare /sad,good game old but fun at times
,Recommended,289440,16891278,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,marengo_hue,"More of a puzzle game than an RTS. I used to play this game way before it came to steam and I enjoyed it now, after many years. The concept is cool and unique and the campaign is pretty fun indeed.There are several problems with the game though:- Repetitive soundtrack and voiceacting. There is 3 factions in the game and like... 2 tracks per faction in total. So, I would recommend listening to your own music.- Game has no widescreen options and doesn't support multiple monitors properly, so your mouse is going to fly out of the screen if you happen to have multiple monitors.- No online multiplayer. You can still play LAN though and the campaign is good.- There are definitely some balance issues with the game - After playing this game for a while I found that Harkback's Scrourge Shark units are pretty darn OP :D Although it is not a real issue if you are going to play the campaing.On the other side this game has:- Fun terraforming and combat. The goal is to not destroy the buildings but destroy the terraing that these buildings are standing on. Really unique gameplay.- Interesting squad morphing mechanics. The idea is that you can transform your army into entirely different units right on the battlefield.- Good variety of different units: land, air and underground.- Interesting but sometimes stupid mission objectives. You will see what I mean.Overall this game is worth a purchase. This is not a strategy for everyone, but at this price you most definitely should give it a try.--I have nominated this game for Steam's Autumn 2017 'the Test of Time' award. There is just no such RTS games now."
76561198006877168,Recommended,289440,10854066,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rhiakath Flanders,"Although old, this is a very nice and original strategy game. Control your base, and build up your energy network. Use that as a shield.Build base units  as building blocks, and transform them into specialized units as you will..."
,Recommended,289440,30906157,Posted: 2 April,all,{ιяα} LID,"My favorite RTS of all time. Had it on disk for years before buying it again on Steam. Perimeter provides excellent story, an interesting and unique world, and fun mechanics all wrapped up into a game with far more flexibility than the average RTS. You can really choose your playstyle and adapt as the game progresses. Perimeter has immense replayability and is an excellent experience overall.The standalone expansion, Emperor's Testament, is also worth getting. It adds a fantastic new story arc and some new gameplay mechanics to keep you going."
,Recommended,289440,30481797,Posted: 12 March,all,Your Wife's 大嫌いest Son,"Giant pyramid city-colonies towering over energy-conducing spikes that shoot laser shields to the sky.Terramorfing robots shape the world around them and then merge to become one powerful unit, maybe several smaller ones.Desperate nomad civilizations traveling through wormholes and using transhumanist superpowers.It's not like anything before it, and there's nothing like it, probably because it's too weird for imitation.It hasn't aged as fine wine does and is hardly the best RTS around, but Perimeter will leave a mark on your soul."
76561198161276624,Recommended,289440,21186006,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,PREDAKING95,i would totally reccomend perimeter because its one of the first rts's that completely make you lose track of time. the units are balanced and the graphics are great :) if you like games like star craft 2 or c&c then perimeter may be for you. wish they would come out with another one. i rate this game a 5/5 and reccomend it to all :)
,Recommended,289440,10538770,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,I am Tahmid the Poo Killer Of Lo,this is awsome but only if online worked
76561198005923854,Recommended,289440,17873072,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Yulgalminakf,"Bought this game second-hand at a used video game store ~10 years ago for $5. First time I played, it, I had no idea wtf I was doing. I lost the third campaign mission more times than I care to recount, then I quit the game. About a year later, I came back to it with a clearer mind and figured it out, peice by peice. Each part of this RTS is unique and great.Resources:You have one resource, energy. The main source in the beginning of the game is by having an area of space filled with your ""Perimeter"" (hence the name of the game). Not by the NUMBER of energy producing buildings you have, like I first thought when I played this game, but by the amount of terraformed AREA covered by them.Terraforming:You have to terraform the land to be able to construct buildings, which allow you to make different turrets and units. Buildings that are on ground that was previously terraformed but is now damaged, either by earthquakes, or other units' effects, they start to take damage. Also, damaged terraformed ground cannot support your ""Perimeter"" so you lose that amount of energy production.Units:One of the most important aspects of the game to learn quickly. To start off, there are three types of units. These units in and of themselves are pratically useless, they do very little damage and have very little health. However, through the act of combining them, you can transform them into vastly different more powerful units. Some shoot lasers, some launch missles, some hurl rocks, and some even tunnel underground. Each of these larger units takes a certain number of the smaller units.Buildings:There are 3 main types of buildings: energy related, research, and turrets. Energy related include the energy producing building, which also can generate a sheild (for a substantial amount of energy), and energy storage buildings. Research buildings allow you to building bigger and better units and turrets; all you have to do is upgrade them to the proper level and the unit/turret unlocks. Turrets are turrets, they shoot stuff.The important thing about the buildings is that they can be captured. In order for a building to be considered ""yours"" it has to be connected to your HQ building, either directly or through relays or the energy producing building. So, if your chain of relays on the way to the building from your HQ is broken, then the building loses power, becomes neutral, and is up for grabs. I love this in games! You can capture your enemy's labs so you don't have to make them yourself, and you can get labs your race can't even build!This is a very different and unique RTS. Requires a huge amount of testing to figure out the best units and best strategies to use and which labs to get first and where to put your defenses and the ratio of building production to terraforming speed and the amount of energy you need and everything! My god this is a complicated game and I love it! This game is well worth it if you're willing to muddle through the non-informative campaign and figure things out for yourself.P.S.I will say, if you have the opportunity to by Perimeter 2, don't bother, it sucks. It's a completely unimaginative RTS that they♥♥♥♥♥♥out into the stores. It's NOTHING like this one, nothing at all. It has a very simplistic ""make dis den upgrade dat and you wins"" strategy. Just spam energy producing buildings and you'll never run out of energy. Not to mention it's a completely unbalanced broken PoS. I could go on about it for hours, but I won't harp any more on it here than I already have."
,Recommended,289440,15663456,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,KDD!^agof,"Original gameplay based on terraforming, with two main styles: versus environment and versus other factions. Vague and complex storyline unfortunately unavailable in english because western publisher though that western players are too dumb and will not get it. This version published by original company though, so there is a chance that they restored it and returned cut scenes. I played original so i didn't check english one.Graphically it's still impressive and have a good art style, especially considering that modern games still look like they were made in 2005 due to outdated and underpowered hardware for casuals.Works pretty well on win 7."
,Recommended,289440,21572282,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,[Delfinity] [EST] KrK,"Got to play it long time ago and i liked it, still do.."
76561198342897933,Recommended,289440,34098805,Posted: 8 August,all,I <3 cringe xd,Played this game about 7 years ago on the old CD when I was 13 and couldn't finish it.Good RTS for the time and nostalgia brought me back to it. Graphics are decent for a game that came out over 10 years ago and audio is alright. Gameplay is pretty good but its not an easy RTS. The story is bearable but not bad enough to stay away. overall rating: 7/10Buy it if you want a fairly cheap RTS that will give a decent amount of play time and good gameplay not if you want an amazing looking game
76561198132161582,Recommended,289440,16762232,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,pyromaniac,very unique however play the campaign first before you play battle(skirmish basicllay) because Ai's will ataack you very soon even on easy its quite hard
,Recommended,289440,29994250,Posted: 17 February,all,711green,Good old game that is probably outdated by now.Still it has a rather unique unit building system and terraforming as a main part of base building.It's not that expensive so I for sure recommend you to give it a try.
76561197976244641,Not Recommended,289440,15088776,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,swell,"A very uncomfortable to play game.  Had it when I was a kid, thought it'd make more sense this time around.  Nope.  Just a bad game, with an unenjoyable playstyle."
76561198009034690,Not Recommended,289440,10964115,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,P51mus,"Game has some interesting concepts, but is marred by bugs in the tutorial and a poor interface.The tutorial mission cuts off explanations with new lines of dialogue constantly.In game, the units can be hard to see/select, and can be hard to tell what's damaging them.  Also doesn't seem to be possible to move units of a certain type individually, though I'm not sure on that one.  Perhaps it's just not properly explained, or that explanation was cut off."
76561197978130221,Not Recommended,289440,15103314,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Rebmes,"I believed I was getting into something simple, and probably short-lived, and was somehow still disappointed. After a pretty confusing tutorial, and half an hour of playing the game, I still didn't see the point, and I wasn't having fun.You direct your little workers to maintain a terraformed area, build energy towers, and bring up your shields when aliens attack. Later on, you use a very overcomplicated array of combat units to fight off the enemies instead of just bringing up your shields.Nothing is properly explained; the objectives in the missions force you into a very specific direction, and none of the game systems feel satisfying to use. For these reasons, Perimeter has been chopped."
76561198012545565,Not Recommended,289440,14985590,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,zastroph,"What idiot made this crap. It keeps telling you that an energy core is under attack, but there is no sign of anything actually attacking any energy cores until the core under attack is destroyed. By this time, of course, it is too late to do anything about it!!!I may at some point of time try to play again, but for now this is my review!!"
,Not Recommended,289440,17453336,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,CaptainJuicy,No. It's bad. Really bad.
76561197994568837,Not Recommended,289440,20277008,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,maddyn99,Quite possibly the worst RTS in history. No clear reason why or how do things. Tutorial is less than worthless. I think  I paid around $2 for this game and still feel like i got a s s♥♥♥♥♥♥ed
76561198024821508,Not Recommended,289440,9779952,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,streaks_art,"LET ME START WITH THE BAD:AI sucks. Your units can land on terrain that will kill them. What's up with that? I lost more units that way than to the scourge. They cannot distinguish hostile terrain from good terrain.On defense mode, your units can, and will go into said terrain ON THEIR OWN without the player commanding them. If a building is between it and the enemy, it will NOT move to have line of sight with the enemy.All this stupidity despite the fact that your units CAN FLY! WHAT THE BLOODY HELL?!?! They land into a canyon and ""poof!"" SQUAD IS UNDER ATTACK.Uh, no, squad is not under attack. Squad is FALLING into a canyon or a moat DESPITE HAVING THE ABILITY TO FLY.Good friggin' grief man!PS: If you are going to portray a futuristic and technically advanced civilization capable of interstellar trans-dimensional space travel, then you must make sure that the units you can control and command in-game can portray just that.If said units only have dumb AI that cannot see it is going to step into hostile terrain due to its auto-attacking an enemy, then what does that portray? Stupidity, that's what. Why not fly then attack? And when done then land NOT on hostile terrain.When you make a group of units, and send them over good terrain that is surrounded by hostile terrain, then those at the edges of the group will probably land on hostile terrain. Then you'll feel bad because you clicked on good terrain, you didn't send them to land on bad terrain. Like I said, AI sucks.NOW FOR THE GOOD:If you like strategy games where you have to baby-sit every single unit despite the fact that the player is supposed to be a member of a highly advanced civilization, then this is the game for you."
76561197971039860,Not Recommended,289440,9738474,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Gunther,"Painful game.  The tutorial explained nothing having anything to do with the first game.Apparently, everything I had was under attack in the first game by invisible somethings with no explaination.I built a second energy station and it was attacked.The ground appeared to be splitting under the buildings which may have something to do with something but I couldn't tell.So I sat there awaiting something to happen which didn't until the power ran out and I failed the misson.At this point, the silver lining on this particular cloud is that I only paid $3.5 for it.Oh well, I will uninstall and try to forget we ever talked about this game.This had a 77 on metacritic which is baffeling."
