user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198075333433,Not Recommended,289520,11793988,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Nom,"First of all, I would like to say I am a fan of the King's Bounty series and Darkside is not a bad game. Actually, it has the potential to be one of its best installments. The key word being ""potential"".Unfortunately, I cannot possibly recommend buying it to anyone. After one month participating in the early access program, I logged 400+ hours playing and testing it. I posted several suggestions in the forum and took part in several other discussions posted by others. The developers gave us, non-russian speaking customers, almost ZERO feedback. All we got were sporadic monosyllabic posts about technical issues. They posted no information about patches and/or the work that was being done.They pushed back the release date 5 days without warning us - let alone telling us why they did it. After these 5 days there was a cosmetic 10 meg patch and that was it. The product was out.As it happens, the game they put in the market bears very little difference from the beta version I started playing one month ago. There are huge empty areas, very little or imprecise information about several quests, many balance issues, unclear tooltips, and possibly a number of minor/major bugs. In short, it is NOT a finished product. I expect (and hope) there will be future patches to change all this. But, unless you want to buy an unfinished product,  I would wait a few months to buy it on sale."
76561198067708445,Not Recommended,289520,11794528,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Barsukas,"Early access project that was released is still unfinished. Game lacks balance, zones like Wintehill are in alpha stage. After playing some hours i decided to wait for game upgrade to full release to avoid spoilers but FULL RELEASE was a 10mb insult patch. At current state this is NOT worth your time nor money. Please check this game forum before considering purchase.Edited: This game never was at Kickstarter..."
76561197970656406,Not Recommended,289520,12890703,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,rutra80,"It's a good game overall. It really is, gives almost as much enjoyment as previous iterations. So why the thumb down? Because there are issues which I'm not willing to see in future releases of this game, nor in any other games for that matter.There are reviews saying that the developers completly ignored the community. I personally don't care if devs are listening to community or not, as long as they're good enough to release a consistent product. Which this is not. In far too many places it looks like the devs (level designers mostly) were thinking ""ok, here's a draft of a level, I'll save it now and finish it some time closer to the deadline"", and then never did.First catacombs are ridiculously lined with eggs along the corridors walls, just like someone would launch a level editor and made click, click, click, click to spray them in few minutes and voila! We have a level!On Whitehill there was not enough will to do even that, it's just a barren land with a couple of enemies and badly aligned textures.Aralan feels deserted even thought there's no reason for that in the story, it's an Elven mainland!Most other levels are ok, but from time to time you'll see things that strike you how someone couldn't be arsed to finish something on a decent level.You don't release something in such a merry state, they should rather cut such unfinished content alltogether. Now it's like a lovely pie with a ball of poo on top instead of a cherry.Then there are bugs. Not game breaking ones (I haven't had even a single in-game crash), rather little or bigger annoyances. Like inability to have an aspect-ratio correct display with sharp graphics (everything gets soft-scaled with some blurry filter), unless you switch your monitor to game's native resolution (1680x1050) without scaling, which makes things look better (but still not perfect). Or crashes when you switch resolutions (had to edit the configuration file manually). Or crash on every exit. Or some badly working spells. Etc.The point is that it's not that the devs ignore the community. They outright abandoned the product - there were practically no meaningful patches, and probably never will be.What annoys me most is that publisher is now probably sitting there scoffing ""we released a 20% unfinished product and look how it sells! lets make the next one 60% unfinished, straight in the customers face hahaha!""And they will charge it 30 euro, with 60% of levels being deserted whitehill lined with eggs, provided that you'll get out of washed-out main menu without a crash, to be fixed with the next patch, which will never come. And we'll buy it.And that's why I thumb it down. To have the next King Bounty as well designed as The Legend, as bug-free as Crossworlds, and as rich as WotN.As to what I liked: the overall story is fun, even though I don't empathise with evil scum (I'd rather be a hero). Some dialogues are ingenious, but some are childish (I guess there were several writers). There are no bosses (except the final enemy), which I never liked. There's some new beautifull music by Lind Erebros (he's a russian Paul Romero ;).And it's generally another King's Bounty, which is never enough.Go get it, and then thumb it down to let the devs/publishers know that they can do better."
76561197965667046,Not Recommended,289520,11535422,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Triggerhappy,"Somewhere in 1C Software's offices in Moscow, there's some sad little gnome locked in a cage with a computer, cranking out sequels to 2008's King's Bounty: The Legend. Apparently, the only tool at his disposal is a level editor, since Armored Princess, Crossroads and Warriors of the North have been pretty much the same game over and over again. Is it any wonder that Dark Side is no different? If you've played any of the previous titles mentioned, you know exactly what to expect from this game: There's just nothing new or fresh to it, everything looks and feels like you've seen and played it before - because you have. Almost 30 hours in, I just can't bring myself to continue playing. It's just so incredibly dull. Been there, done that. Yes, King's Bounty: The Legend was great. But with each installment, each failure to actually add something new and exciting, I liked the series less and less. What were small annoyances in The Legend (the chaotic quest log, the useless maps, the horrible path finding, the inflexible camera, the small battlefields or the down-time due to travelling and restocking) have  by now become major issues for me.Please, 1C, set that sad little gnome free, hire some talented programmers and give us something really new for a change. A true sequel for once, not the same game with a new logo again."
76561197970322928,Not Recommended,289520,18568024,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Plastic Jesus,"As a huge fan of all the King's Bounty games published by 1C Company, this game was a big let down. I don't know what happened here, but the quality control was completely lacking.After playing the first game in the series, I never hesitated to pick up the sequels on launch day. I could play these games forever. When Dark Side came out (and I had no idea it was in the works), there was a lot of negative sentiment and complaints of the game being bug ridden. I had faith in the developers, so I decided I would wait to pick it up until they had time to iron out the bugs. As the 4th (5th?) game in this series, I knew that the UI, combat systems, character development, were all very mature, so any bugs  in the game would have to be related to quests and items specific to this game, which is really just content.After some time went by, they dropped some big patches and a ""Premium Edition"" for the game, and it went on sale for a large discount. I figured this was the signal that it was time to give it a go, I was excited to have another chapter in the Kings Bounty universe to explore! The reality was a little different.There is no Kings Bounty universe to explore here. The worlds filled with secrets, quests, and story wonder are completely absent. What you get are large maps, that are distinctly Kings Bounty areas, with pretty much nothing on them. Where you'd ordinarily have criss-crossing side quests, caches of items in every cranny, buried treasures, and a wicked gauntlet of enemy mobs to navigate, there was instead long hallways full of spider eggs, and nothing else, towns filled with houses with no residents. Guards with no dialogue. Gates that don't actually open. Dead ends with nothing in them. Large open rooms with not a single monster or treasure in them. I couldn't go on.To me, it seems like the team that worked on the other games had little to no involvement with this game. They polished the engine and the map making tools to a degree that perhaps ANYONE could use them to make a Kings Bounty game, but that's not necessarily who SHOULD make a kings bounty game. This one feels like it was made by someone's nephew, who wanted to get some experience in the video game industry, and obviously nobody at the company ever played it, because I can't imagine that it would get the seal of approval from anyone involved in the previous games. It should be called ""King's Bounty: Experimenting With the Map Maker"".I hate to think that I now have to give conditional recommendations to the King's Bounty games. ""Yes, try King's Bounty! Oh, except for Dark Side, that game sucks.""  People don't respond to those kinds of recommendations, and if someone happens upon this series by chance and plays this game first, they certainly won't be coming back for more, and will instead miss out on the magic of the other games. That's sad. This game should not exist, and I'm sorry to have to say it."
,Not Recommended,289520,13774810,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,fragamemnon,"King's Bounty : Dark Side comes in with a fresh viewpoint and good intentions-it is a big step forward over the dullsville that was Warriors of the North, but after starting relatively strong the game becomes a repetitive, challenge-free grindfest that saps your will to press on and finish the game.The game has a few seemingly unrelated issues that come together in the midgame that really make it boring to play:The game is not set up will to allow you to change out armies easily-you don't have anywhere to put your effective, proven army compositions in storage while you try out a new army type,  and recruiting a new army from scratch is super expensive for most of the game. As a result, every fight plays out the same, and since you generally fight the same armies over and over, you wind up banging your head for hours playing the same fight with different permutations over and over.Once it stops being expensive, it doesn't matter becuase the game becomes so easy (even on Impossible, the difficultly I played at) , the units are poorly balanced and while the game does its best to just overwhelm you with AI stack sizes it doesn't really matter, your armies still crush them due to abilities and stats.The game is just too long, areas drag out and any novelty of being the bad guy is drained away as you get two pages of interesting story for every few hours of grinding fights.I've played every KB game since The Legend, and I appreciate the fresh take on the story that Dark SIde is trying to do, but it is unfortunate that the rest of the game didn't get that same fresh coat of paint.  I'm not opposed to playing games that take a long time to complete, but those gamesmustmake me change up my routine and present interesting strategy gaming play, which Dark Side does initially but fails to do as the game's systems scale out to larger numbers (in both stats and army size)."
76561198030823579,Not Recommended,289520,11794753,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,BloodForFun,The game is still in beta with some bugs in a day after release!
76561198028064857,Not Recommended,289520,13873331,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,paplaukes,"This has ""we don't care"" written all over it. For example:One of the starting/tutorial-ish areas is this huge island with 3 armies to defeat, and absolutely nothing else. Nothing to collect, no sightseeing, no hidden booty. They even give you a ship so you can sail all around the island and make absolutely sure that, indeed, there is nothing else to do there. (other areas are ok)The writing has the same vibe, though they do try to be funny. There's a fair share of really silly dialogues and a few embarassingly bad ones. The English localisation is ok but you can tell the game was written in Russian.Quests are bland and sometimes feel they're only there to waste time between battles. Bait and switch endings, questgivers that send you to the same place several times, handful of fetch quests.Skip unless you only care about the combat."
76561197968571832,Recommended,289520,12417199,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Buzzkill,"Summary: Clearly the worst game in the series, but still a lot of fun.Pros: Virtually identical game engine to previous KB gamesCons: Virtually identical game engine to previous KB gamesThe RPG elements are silly, but that's OK because they're meant to be.  If you take the plot seriously you're playing the wrong game.  However, the quests are also sometimes buggy and often ambiguous to the point where you'll probably have to consolt Google to know what to do next, which is not OK -- but not fatally so.  That's because the quests are merely an awkward contrivance to get you from one battle to the next -- which is where the game really shines.As with each new game in the series, the basic combat engine is the same, with a handful of minor new mechanics for new spells and monsters thrown in.  You also get a new ""companion"" that provides a suite of new special abilities in combat.  In King's Bounty:Warriors of the North you got Valkyries; in Dark Side you get... well I'm not quite sure what it is, some kind of demon, I think.  As usual the new abilities are a mixed bag: some you'll use every combat, some you'll probably only use a couple times to see what they do and then file them away.The thing that makes the game fun is the variety of units and spells you can use in combat.  After a few introductory campaigns, you can switch your army's ""build"" pretty easily at any time, which allows you to do all kinds of experiments with different tactics.  Over the course of my game, I went from an army built around a couple of super-strong core units (dragons), to one compsed almost entirely of undead melee units, to one focused on plastering the enemy from afar with ranged units.Plus, there is huge variety of spells that can supplement or even become the focus of your tactical strategy.  Pump up the Hypnosis spell to its maximum level and use it in conjunction with your companion's Jealousy ability to turn your emeny's army against itself.  Spam the Call of Nature spell to overwhelm your enemy with a horde of summoned animals.  Make your own army effectively immortal by casting Resurrection every turn.  Or just lay into the bad guys with good old fashioned Fireballs and Lightning Bolts.  Those are just a few of the many strategies I've used with success.The spell and unit animations are more or less the same from previous games in the franchise, but that's not a bad thing since they are, as far as I know, the state of the art.  The same can be said of the whole game, really: there's nothing new here, but until something new does come along, King's Bounty remains the best turn-based tactical combat game around."
76561197990937243,Not Recommended,289520,11839398,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Atrox,"After a hundred hours of playing ,I feel myself in an awkward position of not wanting to play the game. Why u ask? Well, as strange as it might sound, because it got released! When i was playing the early acces I obviously had fun playing the game and when I stumbled upon some bug or ballance issue I would just shrug and say ""beta""to myself, the hope of a future patch was always there. Can't do that anymore. Then came the forums (mostly lurking), being very familiar with beta-testing (mostly non-steam) I always try to read the forums to prepare for bugs and so that when I see a bug I know if I should post it or if it's already known to the devs. This imo came to be the biggest source of anger for all us early acces players: 0 Communication (honestly the first post I saw by a dev was about snowwhite, during the release). It sounds silly but it really annoyed me, the methaphorical straw that broke my back I guess. Haven't played since.So in conclusion the feedback/patches/communication were so badly done that even though they were imho the game's only flaw (love KB) it was enough to turn away a fan of the series since the beginning.Hopefully this gives slightly more insight in the angry old posts and drama for the potential new players. Since Nerbu, Dw0rd and DG D did a near perfect job of discribing the current product I thought some elaboration on the background would be helpfull.Fun, unfinished and horrible community management sum this game up."
,Not Recommended,289520,19138249,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Shinigami,"Its a rare thing for me not to recommend a game, and an extremely unexpected not to recommend a game from my favorite series - King's Bounty.Why you may want to buy it:- King's bounty! One of my favorite game series. I love these games.- Fun texts, sometimes. But it gets boring over time.- Nice graphics (may be considered outdated by today's standard, it seems the game engine wasn't updated since original Kings Bounty: Legend)- Good gameplay and replayabilityWhy you should not buy it:- the game gets extremely repetitive by the end-game period- boring texts- no bosses (seriously? no, seriously? Last game had no less than FIVE unique bosses, this one has... final boss? thats it?)- extremely long - lvl 80 takes a ton of time to finish- small bugs here and there, you may get locked out of a quest, your world may not generate enough scrolls to finish a quest to get an achievement (seriously, you may need to start a new game just to get a random chance to get a cheevo... several times)- ridiculous amounts of typos (I read most of the texts in the game), mostly regarding female character (treated as male character), as well as some nonsense phrases- boring quests - go back and forth between 2-3-4 locations- very weak enemies don't run away- you get 250 chests by the end of the game, and your bonus is... 5% extra XP! When you have like 10-20 fights left, very useful.Overall the game is fun, but not up to standard of other King's Bounty games, so I do not recommend it. Better to replay one of the older games."
76561198023398369,Not Recommended,289520,13039508,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Wotan,"The worst King's Bounty game I have seen so far. It takes ages to finish, which is usually a good thing. However, in this case it takes ages because you have to run around from one island to the other...again and again.A typicall quests looks like:""Hello evil vampire, I would like to cooperate with you, but first you got to fetch me the following three items and kill 3 enemy heroes"".Off you go, often to a different island, where you have been before and where there is nothing left to do, just to talk to some NPC that gives you the desired item. Then you have to return to your quest giver. And you do this over and over again... walking...walking...walking...walking.The quest log is horrible as well. It does not tell you what to do in many cases. So, if you didn't read the quest text carefully, you need to look it up on the internet. Otherwise, there is no way to re-read the quest text.Oh, and the fights are very repetitive and unbalaced (nothing too unexpected, if you played the first two KB games. But this one felt even worse).On the first island, the difficulty seems alright, then it becames very difficult suddenly (could be because I played the mage class). After the first few islands it then becomes too easy. All enemy groups classified as ""deadly"" or ""invincible"" are a joke. You just use your call nature spell to summon animals that did ~55.000 damage at the end of the game.To sum it up, don't buy this game, unless you like getting frustrated."
76561198075626137,Recommended,289520,12604893,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,BenSt88,"After 1 official patch (9/2/14) that I'm aware of, this game has very few bugs (compared to KB: WOTN), w/ the caveat that the Mac version seems to be a little behind the PC. I'm expecting a new patch soon, and hopefully the Mac faithful get a better game. Because this game is super fun.I was mystified to read some reviewers thought it the worst in the series (or maybe the ""weakest""). That's not my impression at all. I think they stepped up their game significantly w/ the writing, quests, and overall sense of humor. Also, for those of you tired of playing the same old standby human and dragon units, this is the game for you. You can of course over time get a significant medley of old favorites, but I would recommend trying to stay close to the thematic choices that fit the 3 PCs: Mage (Vampire) > Undead units; Paladin (Demoness) > Demon units; Warrior (Orc) > well you get the idea. I've only played as the Mage, but I suspect I won't feel differently after playing the next 2 PCs.More than past games, you really should have a pad of notepaper, and keep notes on where NPCs are, what they are selling, etc. A lot of times, the main clues for a quest are in dialogue only, so pay attention!There is a massive amount of bang for the very modest buck you pay out (I'd go for the Premium Edition for the 2 new islands, 1 of which has a cool new unit). I spent a ridiculous amount of time on just 1 playthrough, and I plan on 2 more to come.There is one particular new unit that is one of my all-time favorites: the Dragon Rider. They cost a fortune and are hard to get initially, but--at least for a small army game like the Mage/Vampire has--they were a huge part of my success mid-late game.There are minor criticisms I might have, but that's all they are--minor. If anyone cares what I think, here they are:1) while underground ""realms"" get maps, dungeons don't; that should be an easy fix going forward in the series;2) changing the camera's perspective can be a minor pain, sometimes having to poke your horse into a wall and swivel around just to see from a different perspective;3) the ""bleed"" damage is OP in this game. All it takes is some puny archer to hit your Black Knight stack and all of a sudden you're losing numbers of them from what should have been a minor wound;4) on a similar note, I wish they would calculate damage/status effects a tad bit more ""realistically""--for example, it's great that Ents take double fire damage, but why should any of the undead units take ""bleed"" damage? Silly.Don't get discouraged in the early game when you seem limited in troop recruitment etc. Once the game opens up (i.e., other islands and realms), you'll soon have a dizzying number of potential quests. Final nice point: many times, there are more ways than just 1 to solve a quest."
,Recommended,289520,10164749,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,dw0rd,"I started playing today and haven't had problems with startup. It's running on my desktop and laptop. Cloud sync isn't working so I'm manually copying save folders.So far, it's running as it's own standalone story without wading through the same game again.The graphics are bright and flashy, so my desktop is lagging but I haven't had any crashes like I had with fighting Loki in WotN and with Advisors in Ice and Fire. I'm concurrently playing Ice and Fire and haven't had any Advisor crashes today. A coincidence or unexpected fix?I'm only at level 2 playing a Demoness at Normal but I've already encountered new spells and units and I'm looking forward to more. I haven't found a Manual or Guide, so it's been learning by trial and error. Maybe it's too early in the release cycle to expect one.They've also continued the vein of humor found in the newer releases. Nothing stupid, just enough to give anyone so inclined, like myself, the opportunity to appreciate it. I've wondered if it was just the translators doing it, but aside from the Snow Black visual pun in the logo, I've found an example early in the game itself. Not really a spoiler but stop reading if you care. <<Too many spider's eggs in WotN? Okay, here's your spider's eggs!>>This is a must have for King's Bounty lovers."
,Not Recommended,289520,11921729,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,hepbrynn #oneninefour,"Disclaimer: I did not complete this game, nor do I intend to.This game is disappointing. It feels incomplete - not because there is missing content (although, there might be after the point I stopped playing), but it just feels like the developers cared less and less as you progress through the story. The plot is pretty barebones from the start, but 22 hours into the game, I am literally running around gathering x for y for no good reason.It's not so much that the quests are generic either (although they are). Rather, how random everything is. Often, I got some vague text like ""you should find someone who knows X"", without any other useful clues. I had to resort to randomly running around checking every nook and cranny of each (relatively large) world. Just Google ""King's Bounty: Dark Side, where is..."" The forums are filled with people getting stuck because there is no relationship between the content of some of the quests, and the things you need to do to solve it. Furthermore, the game feels ""padded"". There are quests that, upon completion, ""humorously"" reveal to you that you need to do more nonsense to complete them. That got old fast. If anything, you feel tricked.What's good? Sadly, the things I enjoyed about the game only made me feel more disappointed because of the amount of potential wasted. The combat mecanics are of the classic similar-to-Heroes-of-Might-and-Magic persuasion. If you're into that sort of thing, it can be fun running around collecting troops for your expanding army. It can also get boring really quickly when weak enemies constantly overestimate their strength and charge at you, wasting your time. There are times where the game is genuinely funny, but those are few and far between. Most of the time, it just reads like amateurish writing.I will admit I bought the game off the hype. I looked at the picture of Snow White, read about ""Light and Dark"", and though ""Oh, cool, this will be a game about how members of the fairy tale community take sides, and wage war on each other"". I found myself hunting for ♥♥♥♥ing dwarves on the behest of that stupid woman, only to have her disappear when I had killed them all."
76561198056670167,Recommended,289520,15803870,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,badgerpluto,"As a fan of the previous KB titles (as well as all the M&M's and HOMM's), I began playing Dark Side with some trepidation after reading negative reviews and comments. After 110 hours, I'm glad I was wrong.Dark Side has some minor drawbacks -- unmarked quest items are too easy to sell/discard, quest dialogues don't appear unless you've solved the NPC's previous requests -- but in general I think this is the best of the KB titles. It solves the single most annoying thing about the previous games, the constant need to backtrack to previous realms/islands to replenish lost trooops. A teleportation system in this one makes travel a snap and there's a virtually endless supply of troops.The scenery is the prettiest of all the KB games, and the game's a visual delight once you learn to fly. The game's major conceit works well: You're playing as the bad guy. Yet as the story unfolds, you quickly end up believing you're on the right side of things. The quests are generally more interesting than the usual bring-x-to-y tasks, and there are some when you have to remember people and places from early in the game to complete later assignments. Take notes."
76561198011604006,Recommended,289520,12769692,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Saboth,"I've played all of the KB games. The first 2 are the best. Next up, I'd put this game. Warriors of the North was very convuluted, and reused far too many maps from the previous games. I felt like 50% of tha game was simply playing through the first 2 again. KB: Dark Side rekindles that fire I felt in the first 2 games. Yes, you will see many of the same units and spells as the other games, but most of the maps are new, and the story presents a different aspect, as you are playing on the side of evil.  This is much closer to a ""new game"" than Warriors of the North in my opinion.That said, I wish we'd get a whole new KB game, with a new engine, all new units and spells, maps one of these days."
76561198075259523,Recommended,289520,10245674,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,popadinec,"After 22 hours of play, I must recommend this game to any Kings Bounty player. Unlike previous game (WoTN + Fire and Ice, which had too many improvements to player and his units and enemies were still at the same strength), this game seems difficult and thus challenging once again (currently playing war on impossible).All previous King Bounties ended in using same units again and again, this one is played diffierent, because you have acces to evil units from the beginning.I really enjoy story and quests - its funny to be evil.I didnt encounter any game breaking bugs yet, just few minorly bugged items and quests.  Just one thing I dont like - undergroud areas seem empty (few enemies, no buried or laying treasure, just running around empty caves), but I hope this is just unfinished yet  and will be repaired in the full game."
76561197990279611,Recommended,289520,16735493,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Cellardoor,"The opening two hours of the game do an excellent job of disguising an otherwise great experience.Things start off ok, you get to pick one of three characters, each representing one of the three games skill trees, and are then whisked off to a unique starting area. Things then go downhill for the first opening act, which acts as the games vague tutorial.The areas are empty save for the few packs the game throws at you to show you the combat, there’s no loot, no treasures, no exploration. The dialogue is oddly stiff, and badly written in places. The combat in this section of the game also suffers, whereas in other entries of the series you’d get your companion early, and unlock the extra battle functions, in Dark Side you’re on your own, the most fun and inventive part of the combat locked away as you drudge through the battles, trying to make your way to the start of the main quest proper. It wouldn’t be a problem of note apart from the fact that it’s a fair chunk of time until things start looking up.The first two hours are dull, confusing and badly paced.Then it all changes, the game breaks wide open, you get the best companion the King’s Bounty series has ever had, a fresh heap of possible armies and new abilities. The maps open up into beautifully designed mini quest hubs full of battles, treasures, puzzles and interesting characters to woo, threaten and fight. This is as good as the King’s Bounty series gets, in a fresh new skin and from the point of view of the “bad guys.”If you’ve played the series before you’ll know what to expect, and if you haven’t, and you manage to drag yourself through the games opening, you’re in for a treat.My favorite in the series so far."
,Recommended,289520,16852819,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,RevCo,"I've played this game for 60 hours now. It started out kind of novel and fun, but now it is dragging out as a horrible drawn out battle of ""can I finish the game before I kick in my monitor."" The quests are fetch after fetch after fetch after fetch. To get in the dungeon, you need 3 words. That means about 8 fights. Once in the dungeon, a guy needs his five bones to open a passage. That means 8 more fights and scrounging around. After you find these bones, now he wants his mandolin. Now you need to find his house, fight the small army inside. Then, when you return it, he wants some wine. I have it in my inventory, but for some reason, I can't give it to him and have to trick him instead. Then, the chamber is open. Now, to free the spirit, we must destroy three obelisks. Before I spoke with the guy, they were unprotected. Now, through the gift of voice, they each have an army protecting them. And it goes on, and on, and on.I've played other King's Bounty games, this one is similar, but the quests are complete rubish. Just too long and over the top. Too many fights for trivial things. You need a handkerchief for this guy? Well, it's over there, protected by... whatever. Enough. I've made it this far, I'm going to finish, but this game should be half the length.I'm rating it up because... it only cost me $3. 60 hours for 3 dollars is crazy, so I can't say it's bad."
76561197974428797,Recommended,289520,31822694,Posted: 18 May,all,yebisu,"I am a big fan of the whole series and this is a nice instalment from a different perspective - the 'evil' side. No major changes from the previous games, but enough small things to give a 'fresh' feeling.I can recommend this part just as much as the others. I liked the storyline, I enjoyed the humour (as usual), didn't encounter any annoying bugs.King's Bounty is still my favourite turn-based strategy game out there. :)"
,Not Recommended,289520,11965328,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,NoTomorrow,"The game lacks the quality and polishing of Armored Princess. Playing Dark Side feels like playing a game made by a 3rd party modder. You can notice it when watching the clumsy movement animation of your protagonist on the adventure map. King's Bounty was always a game with a terrible pacing, but this one manages to be even worse. The progression is very slow and borring. Playing for hours there is nothing to look forward to.The only good thing about this game is that you get to play demons early. But the rest of the new stuff is uninspired and borring. They changed significantly the might/mind/magic skill tree, but it does't make the gameplay more fun.Also, notice how they lock extra content behind the Premium Edition. In short, If you enjoyed Armored Princess, i suggest you consider that the franchise is done and ignore the rest of the titles that came after it."
76561197977432516,Not Recommended,289520,19859567,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kaldon,"I just want to say, its been some time since I've played a Kings Bounty Game (I really enjoyed Armored Princess when it came out), but after that I hadn't played in some time. The next title I purchased to the franchise was Dark Side and quite frankly I remember being bored out of my skull.Its been sometime again since i've picked up a Kings Bounty title and I was looking at Crossroads and before I wanted to snatch it up, I couldn't help but remember the disaster of the latest version I'd played, Dark Side, and so i went to take a look at the reviews here just to get a reminder and I have to say -The second review, by Plastic Jesus, sums up my experience perfectly. I would tag the review if I could or knew how, but reading the review has given me confidence to buy another title by Kings Bounty simply because I'm certain that my first experience with Armored Princess wasn't a fluke. Dark Side was just a disaster.I didn't have any quarrels with combat specifically but the lack of content, mobs, treasures leave you seriously bored. There isn't anything worth exploring, there aren't any exciting minor quest interactions to toy with, and lastly, you won't find enticing treasures to lure you into dangerous situations where you're blocked off by a throng of trolls.Anyways, I just wanted to say Thanks to Plastic for the honest review - I clearly remember now why Dark Side is a bad memory and not a good title to base the Kings Bounty serires off of."
76561198032705817,Not Recommended,289520,26469274,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,shadeling,"As a long time Kings Bounty fan, it saddens me to give this particular installment a thumbs down because I really love everything about it, especially the theme, but it's the dismal quest log that ultimately ruins it for me.  This was never an issue with previous recent installments of Kings Bounty but unfortunately for this one, the devs apparently caught a big case of the lazies because often times this bit of text would be featured in the Quest Log: Please note, you must look for the solution on your own. Some of the subquests will not appear until they are completed.And even when some of the quests don't say that lovely little tidbit that equates to 'Yer on Yer Own!"", you'll still be hard pressed to complete some quests because even though they're as simple as going to pick up a certain bride, and yet said bride will have nothing more to say other than, ""Talk to you later."" With no other indicator of what needs to be done to get her to come with you. It's just damn frustrating to the extreme.  A little extra effort with the quest log would have gone a long way.I don't mind having to figure out quests for myself but for a game like this, with multiple different islands that interconnect haphazardly in all kinds of ways, having a decent quest log is absolutely essential, even vague hints would be a huge upgrade from the complete lack of an informative quest log that is currently used in game.This is the second time I've tried to play this game (with a couple restarts in between) to the end and I keep hitting a wall where it just becomes not fun to continue and I'm sad to say, I've hit that wall yet again."
,Not Recommended,289520,17373585,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Epicje,"I wish there was a 'meh' recommendation.The game is King's Bounty through and through, where they've learned from their mistakes from the first game and polished it from the Warriors of the North game, which was riddled with typos.Yet, the Warriors of the North game was a lot better in so many ways.Dark Side starts off pretty darn good. I love being able to play the evil for a change and actually commit horrible deeds to warriors of the light. Its charm, however, starts to run really stale as soon as you reach the 10'ish hour mark. Fetch quests are among the abominations of poor game design. Yes, no 'RPG' is complete without them and I'll look that through the fingers, but here comes Dark Side, where a fetch quest can consist up to 10-15 stages, where the player is running / teleporting back and forwards, making it an _absolute waste of your time_It's not just 'bad' in the sense that this happens, it's 'bad' because nearly every quest is like this!On top of that, the quest log has to be the poorest excuse of a 'log' that I've ever seen, yes, even worse than the games before this. 90% of the time, you're wandering about aimlessly, looking for an object / npc / location, only to find out you actually had to go to the shelter. A good example? A quest said: 'talk to the acolyte'. Ok, which acolyte, there's quite a few of them? Turns out to be in the shelter. 2 steps down this questline, it says 'talk to <person name>' which is the acolyte... As I said before, this isn't just 1 quest, the whole game is riddled with this nonsense.The difficulty curve is another big peeve of mine. In Warrior Princess and Warriors of the North, the curve was somewhat acceptable. In Dark Side, you either have a series of fights you can waltz over, only to get a tough as nails hero to fight against you, or you fight through tough as nails monster packs, only to waltz over a♥♥♥♥♥♥easy hero fight. There's no rhyme or reason and you find yourself going back and forth to your shelter every so often.I've enjoyed this game for the first 15-20 hours, then it became stale and I found myself just wanting to finish it as quickly as I could, hoping it'd get better. It only became more and more stale, no interesting dialogues, no interesting characters, just hopping from place to place. The only interesting dialogues are with the prisoners and that's about it.On the very plus side? The game isn't riddled with obnoxious boss battles!Bottom line, I wouldn't recommend this game if it isn't 5 euro's or your regional equivalent, but it's pretty decent if you're a fan of the series."
76561198126475469,Not Recommended,289520,25371424,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,francisgrice,"When I first played King's Bounty The Legend, I was blown away. It was so much fun and I replayed it through multiple times. The game was rich with lore, humour, engaging tactics, and so much more. It represented an awesome reboot of the old Sega King's Bounty game from 1990.King's Bounty Armoured Princess refined and perfected all that was good in King's Bounty the Legend. Crossworlds added a nice facelift of that game.Then the franchise began to grow tired. King's Bounty Warriors of the North felt repetitive, but still had some positive parts.This latest installment - King's Bounty: Dark Side is very very staid and tired. The game offers virtually nothing that is new: same graphics, same gameplay, same everything, more or less. Even playing with creatures of the darkside - the games supposed Unique Selling Point - has already been an option in all of the earlier King's Bounty games.Moreover, KB:DS feels rushed and underdeveloped. The islands feel sparse and seem to have been designed with little attention to detail. The game objectives feel odd and cumbersome. It's all just tired and dull.Really, the developers (1C: Company) need to come up with something fresh or the franchise is going to die a slow and torturous death. Their current plan of releasing poorly done expansions as sequels is frustrating and something of a slap in the face for their fan base, who love the game but want something more. I have to rate this game a thumbs down and hope that yet another bad review will signal to the developers that the next King's Bounty game cannot be yet another extension of the formula they made in 2008 (yes, 8 years ago now!) and must represent a major overhaul. Otherwise, this is probably the last KB game that I will buy, which is a shame.So, no, KB: Dark Side is not worth buying. Save your money and hope that 1C will release King's Bounty 2 sometime in the nearish future."
76561198048501906,Not Recommended,289520,27914346,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Captain Avatar,"Fetch and Carry: The GameI like the series quite a bit, but dear lord is this one tedious.  I ended up with something like fifty, twelve-part, fetch and carry quests to complete, of the ""we're not going to tell you where exactly you need to go to get the thing"" variety.  The games in this series are nearly identical in combat, gameplay, music, and visuals so pick a different one over this one.  Not that it's bad, per se, but the others are mercifully shorter and have a more logical flow to the quests."
76561197972483399,Not Recommended,289520,15633388,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Hamburger!,"All the other titles in this series are great. This looks like an incomplete mess. Same game, but it seems the maps were made and balanced by doofuses. Keep walking, or try the other ones in the series."
,Recommended,289520,16881068,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Void01,"As with all the King's Bounty games, this one is excellent, but unfortunately it doesn't seem to be as well made as the others. Specifically the sound is very buggy, especially during battles and the ending is incredibly disappointing and short considering the source material and the length of the game itself.  Some missions are also bugged, with locators randomly either not showing up or refusing to go away for the rest of the game.Collision detection is nightmarish, and the maps often have some points(especially bridges) where the pathfinding simply collapses. You can use this to your advantage when being pursued by monsters(if you don't get stuck), but since you can FLY and monsters can't that's almost never a problem. Since you'll find the majority of the power-ups in the overworld maps anyway, it's entirely possible to avoid most of the combat until your leadership, spells and war chest are so inflated from kiting that you can seriously stomp the game regardless of difficulty.This game more than any other in the series has way too many step and fetchit quests, which eat up time and money in game by making you run around all over the place for seemingly little more than to pad the gameplay. Seriously, often you're revisiting areas that you depopulated of all opposition forever ago. In it's favor though it does include a ready means of teleportation between the lands, which you're going to use and overuse a lot.The plot is, like most of these games, insanely stupid and funny and not very serious.Classes are the standard fare for the series, with a warrior, mage, and paladin archetype - except they're the orc, the vampire and the succubus. I went with the vamp for the first playthrough, the mage class is always good for being able to crush half the life out of an army before the first round even really gets underway. Crystals seem to be much rarer in this game, so choose to learn only the spells you know for a fact you will use a lot.Second playthrough will be with the succubus, which I may or may not finish depending on if which character you choose changes the gameplay significantly. Past games in the series have avoided this, but since the classes are actually characters in this version one can hope...At this point, the game engine needs a serious update. Navigation seems primitive now, it hasn't changed since the first game - right along with the ridiculously locked camera angles. The camera itself still seems to fight you even after almost a half-dozen games have been made.This game should be able to be ported to tablets. No joke. The graphics are pretty badly dated at this point, it's time for an overhaul.At least this game doesn't deprive you of your special abilities in boss fights, something that was always insanely pointless and unfair in previous entries, although the powers are significantly more limited.All in all the series continues it's slow decline since Armored Princess. Some serious improvements need to be made and better production values need to be embraced. Still highly enjoyable and definitely worth the cash for all it's little flaws."
,Recommended,289520,16383518,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Strifer,The game is more of the samewhen it comes to King's bounty series. Wether its a pro or a con is up to the player. I personaly love the KB series and would sugest geting the game to anyone feeling the same about it.Minor differences to the previous games:The classes are significantly more fleshed out compared to prvious games.I didnt feel that the game has a suficient ammount of randomness involved when starting a new game. After 4-5 playthroughs it doesnt have much incentive to keep coming back.
76561198004404059,Not Recommended,289520,15472866,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Vork,"The game interface is a bit clunky. Also, many of the troops do not make sense, with some ranged units literally being able to run cicles around melee.  The storyline flows as if it were written by a 7 year old, with 2 of the 3 storylines simply consisting of the leader dying and you having to take his place.The battles are exceptionally long with a difficulty ramp that is fairly silly.Dont buy this unless it is on sale for less than $5."
76561197994277353,Recommended,289520,16396948,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Naxis,"Well it is on Steam sale so you ought to know a little about this game.  The first king's bounty was revolutionary and fun for the time.  If you have payed the series before this will finally make playing with evil units accessible.  If you haven't I would start with a different edition before playing this one.  Preferably, King's bounty: The Legend or Armored Princess.I love magic systems in games and this has a much better one than usual.I'm enjoying playing this game, but I hope they don't make another without a major overhaul.  Their online game doesn’t cut it.Pros:Punishingly hard.  It is possible to lose by not being powerful enough to continue.Great magic and rage system that are balanced against each other.They adapted the system enough to make evil units really playable.The don’t flinch when it comes to evil story choices.Cons:Once you develop a good strategy it is mostly rinse and repeat.Finding the next part of a quest is unnecessarily frustrating.Has not kept pace with the state of modern strategy gaming."
76561198036361275,Not Recommended,289520,11824305,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,howie771,I have been playing this game since its Beta launch and hoped to get more when it offically launched on the 19th.  Nope zip nadda nothing.  There is still empty areas and bugs (just try to pick up all of the spider eggs at the beggining I dare you!!)  The game is overly hard at the beggining but then it is too easy once you hit level 6 and can sneak into about 80% of the areas and collect everything you need.  You can be at level 14 without killing one group after you make it to Portland.  The randomness sucks as you pretty much get the same things everytime even in the same place.  Replayability is a joke and don't bother playing any race except for Demons.  They are the only ones that give you enough units early in the game and the only ones that can sacrifice so you NEVER have to purchase new troops again.  I hate to say it but I liked Warriors of the North better.  At least when you replayed you can more random items.  BTW I am currently at level 21 Vampire I can kill ANYTHING with my Phoenix and Snow Storm combo.  Gets reallly boring really fast.  I would not recommend until they actually release a new game instead of just spinning out the BEta with no changes.  They probably got enough money already and are working on the next release or a DLC for this one like they did for Warriors of The North.  Come on guys my 12 year old could do better than this!!!!
76561198215717208,Not Recommended,289520,31185998,Posted: 16 April,all,Bigoga,Don't buy this for Mac. It crashes and freezes all the time
,Recommended,289520,25113080,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,FaustsFaun,"How did I even spend nearly 100 hours on this game? Well, Its fun, in my eyes. I have a few other Kings Bounty games that I've played like, 2 minutes of and overall this one is my favourite. That being said, I love the mechanics of battle, I like the characters, and I LOVE that the game doesnt seem to hold your hand through all the quests. Theres just stuff you have to find and figure out for yourself. I havent encountered any bugs, and hope not to in the future."
,Not Recommended,289520,24624187,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Farshad,"LOVE the King's Bounty series, and this one is certainly great BUT. The quests in this one are stupid, annoying, and take away from the fun and typical KB series.  There are TOO many lands, with you having to go back and forth CONSTANTLY.  You commonly have no idea where to go to next, so you end up going back and forth between 15 lands, revisiting every path, again, and again, and again, and again, furthering one tiny quest here and thereIf you enjoy King's Bounty style or early Might and Magic games, go play something else.  If you enjoy CONSTANT and HORRIBLY vague quests that you have to look up, read every answer, then waste another half an hour to DAYS, with the answer in your hand, trying to still figure them out, well this game is for you.Also, the game is unbelievably unbalanced.  Having finished all of the King Bounties before this and all of Might & Magics and every other similar game, I could not get through the beginning of the game with 2/3 classes at all, and it took a dozen tries to get past the start of the game.Now I destroy ""invincible"" armies left and right.  This is just bad on top of bad on top of bad decision, design, and path.  I hope everyone involved in creating this garbage is fired and the next King's bounty goes back to its roots."
76561198116335665,Recommended,289520,24333905,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,res7less,"I have no idea why this game gets so much negative feedback. I haven't finished it yet, but so far it's as good as all the other parts. There are witty dialogues, funny references and a huge variety of interesting monsters and skills. I can't see anything to complain about. The concept of creating a force against the Light by collecting allies and evolving a Headquarters is very interesting and gives you a lot of options on how to play. I love it and enjoy it very much and I really hope this won't be the last King's Bounty part after so much negative feedback."
76561198097744391,Not Recommended,289520,21434685,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MYLittleUnicorn,"Pros of this game-You kind of get to play the ""evil"" side-You kind of get to make decisions that seem to matter-Some new units look awesome E.G: Hyena riding goblins or wolf riding orcs-Teleportation makes travelling a lot more convinient-Companion system is improved-Demoness(Paladin,Skald) class is finally useful-Units are a bit easier to buy than previous games-Skill tree is better. They removed skills like artificer so you don't have to keep every crappy items till you reach like level 3 artificer and can just break any level items for crystals and runes.Cons of this game-Still have crap tonnes of bugs and glitches that crashes the game-Even though units are easier to buy, you have to reach mid game ish for them to be easy to buy-Quest objectives are really vague so you don't have a clue most of the times so you have to look up guides-Story is terrible. It is a pro that you can play as evil side but it doesn't really feel like you are that evil. Most of your actions are justified because they made the ""good"" side way more evil than the actual ""evil"" side.-You are still someone's errand boy. This was an ongoing problem throughout the franchise but now it feels worse becuse you are supposed to be this evil protagonist but most of the times you are spoon feeding the NPCs with your money and some crappy random items that you normally sell or don't even bother to pick up.-Difficulty curve: I really don't care about no loss play on impossible or some random hardcore play like that so I played normal difficulty and tutorial bit of the game was ridiculously hard because of the limitations of units& skills I can use. After you get to mid game till the end, game is extremely easy. This is once again ongoing problem in the franchise but got really bad on this one.-Too many useless units for the effort required to get them: Some units are easy to get but useless but units like those clown things that shapeshift are way too hard to get for what they are.-No big boss fights till the end: Yup. And last boss is♥♥♥♥♥♥easy too. Makes game pretty repetitive since most enemies use same units in the same area most of the times.-Lizardman are gone. No more T-RexSo basically if you can withstand all the glitchy gimmicky-ness, unfriendly quest log, repetetion don't really care about story, go ahead and buy this game. The actual game play for combat and tactics bit is kind of better than previous games because your rage skills are little more better for any class you chose and there are few more spells you can choose from."
,Recommended,289520,13333805,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,finalfrog,"The Good:I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoyed the exploration and battles of the previous games. This game builds upon those established formulas and offers a fun experience for those who enjoyed that part of the ones that came before it.The Bad.The English localization is pretty bad. While very little of the dialogue is grammatically incorrect the phrasing and tone of many characters is awkward and confusing. Many conversations, especially those dealing with the evil nature of the player and their companions, come off as quite childish, almost like they were written by an 5 year old. Some of this may just be bad writing. It's hard to tell. Maybe they were aiming for dialogue that had a narmy charm to it? If so they fell slightly short.Quest objectives are often vague and the solutions can be non-intuitive. In multiple cases I scouring a region for half an hour trying to find an item before discovering that the item in question was located in another region found later in the game. The icons for Quest Giver, Quest Objective, and Complete Quest are very hard to distinguish and often seem to be used incorrectly.Conclusion:I recommend the game only to people who enjoyed the previous games primarily for the battles and exploration. If quests, plot, and dialogue matter significantly to you, you'll probably be happier spending your money on something else."
76561198031169814,Not Recommended,289520,11819932,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Hercron,"Play this in the beta and it work fine.  Day it released I believe it was the 19 hit play, hard drive start working, wait wait wait and nothing.  Game will not even launch right now hot play and I get nothing.  Went to the forums try various recommended fixx's and still won't launch.  Updated every driver I can think of.  Still won't launch.  Delete it and reinstalling as I type this reiview.  Fingers xrossed hopefully when I hit play it once again launch and I am able to play as I did weeks before its realease.  I have had problems with armored princess much the same way.  They did manage to fix it and warriors of the north I never had a problem with.  Out of the titles I own from these guys two of them I had to do my own search and fixs for to get them even to play.  In my book that doesn't make for very good products.  There for I don't recommend this 1.  Myabe its just a windows 8.1 issue or maybe not.  At this point I have no ideal and very little feed back on what the problem even is."
76561198043703772,Recommended,289520,10475962,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,glynxnex,"Bought the game last night and played until 2:00am before I had to go to bed or fall asleep on the keyboard. Been playing it for about 5 hours today with no troubles. I think some of the areas are just not finished yet. I found a secret passage in a castle but couldn't go down the steps. There's also limited inventory in the shops and castles. Some castles don't have anything to start with but the one where I installed a new king did get inventory just not what I needed for my army.I'm getting the idea that the game will differ slightly depending on the character you're playing. I'm playing the Demoness right now and she just got her companion. I do find it frustrating that I don't find any demon units other than at the shelter. I lost a key unit during a fight with a dragon and have yet to find someplace where I can get more. Probably one of those things that hasn't been fully completed yet.I'm still pretty early in the game, though. Just headed to the third island. The only quest that really annoyed me is the one to deceive the castle guard on Monteville - or whatever the island name is, I dont' remember now.  Other than that, so far, so good.My only other complaints are probably things that wil be addressed as the game get closer to being finished. One would be that some of the initial areas and underground areas don't have maps for consulting. Don't know if they're just not done yet or if there won't be any. Another would be that I have people in my inventory that I don't know what to do with yet. I like that I get to take prisoners, I would just like to know what to do with them.Really looking forward to seeing how the game will be completed and what extras will be there when its officially released. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is a King's Bounty fan and was disappointed with Warrior's of the North. This one seems to be in better shape before completion than Warrior's of the North is even now.Update now that the game is officially released....I know people are disappointed that we didn't get a mega patch with the official release but that just tells me we've basically been playing the full game all along with early access. Yes, there's still some work left to do and I personally am hoping for additional DLC but as of the release, I still like this game. I've started completely over, looking for anything new. Nothing stands out so far.And yes, I do still recommend the game and I'm glad I got in on the early access so that I do have the extras in the premium version. However, the extras are only $5.00 more and if I hadn't gotten in on the early access, I would be willing to pay it. The extras are worth it in my opinion.Looking forward to what the devs have in store next."
,Recommended,289520,12280125,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,coldash,"Loved the previous King's Bounty games, love this one.Doesn't look like anything has been updated, improved or expanded upon. But at the point of writing this I'm up to 85hrs played and loved it. (Still not finished)."
,Recommended,289520,10238535,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,ATF_The Broodwich ||| CS,"Quest log could be a bit more detailed.Fun so far, if you liked King's Bounty games this is worth a snag. It is nice to play demons/orcs/undead for once.I cannot help comparing this to Warriors of the North + Ice and Fire......and in comparison the material here (after 4 hours) seems rather thin."
76561198017035528,Recommended,289520,31565615,Posted: 5 May,all,Morloc,"Enjoyable period. These games have some of the best itemization you'll see...items that really feel ""unique"". Most importantly, they have what is perhaps the best tactical magic system of any turn-based game (with the possible exception of Master of Magic).  It really wrecked HoMM for me with HoMM's tiny number of spells.I really hope 1C does more of these (the full campaign games, not kooky things like Crossroads) and keeps the magic system."
76561197999018200,Recommended,289520,22687914,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Lord Azlan,"Meandering. Imagine the Amazon river from hell with all its twists and turns and little streams that lead nowhere.Convoluted. Back and forth. Ever decreasing circles. Ragequit.The Developers have even - belatedly - added a line in the quests summary pages saying ""We don't have the time to add in proper clues - so figure it out your self - IT'S FUN!""Addictive. 450 hours in across all the various KB games. That is a lot. So I am not saying ""I played this game for 100 hours and it is crap"". I sort of love them. Finished the first two but can't seem to bite the bullet and keep going on these later two (this and Warriors of the North).I really love the King's Bounty series - it is probably the most fun, absurd, ridiculous and obtuse series out there. Choose a fighter, paladin or mage. Amass an army and send them into battles on a turn based chessboard. Cute graphics. No bugs or crashes experienced. My early army consisted of Wizards and Imps. Now I command mostly dragons that can fly around the battlefield unleashing hellfire. The series reminds me a bit of the Diablo clones where you just want to do one more battle to level up and increase your various map. They promote exploring as you can find cash, magic runes, other runes and spells. The battles can be very strategic.450 hours in and I still like the music - found myself humming it this morning. What is wrong with me?In the Dark Side the forces of good have done bloody war on the evil minions and the evil demons and orcs need saving. As a lady Demon Spirit Paladin class - I travel the various worlds encouraging the various leaders to ""Turn to the Darkside"" and support our cause. If they don't, I replace them on the throne by hook or crook.The more positives aspects of this game:For probably the first time in a KB game - I quite enjoyed the story telling and various chit chat.I like some of the quirky people you meet on your travels - like the Seven Dwarves - very bad people.You can enable cheating - but still get the achievements - coolI came across a ""Colossus"" spell that when cast game me random Level 5 troops - hello Archdemons and CyclopsI liked the Tomfoolery you could do with Blood Priestesses where I sacrificed my troops to increase some of the others. At one point I had 100 red and green dragons in reserve - at no cost!I liked you can trick a Dragon Leader into accepting fake princesses who he then subsequently turns into the best units in the game - fearsome Dragon riders.The negatives in this game can be reflected in one single word - Whattheheckisgoingon?Some of the quests are diabolical. Impossible to figure out on your own. God save the Internet and special thanks and high esteem to two Steam users (Shadowcran and Siannah) who posted two fantastic guides. The developers should be thanking them for the majority of positive reviews.The Seven Dwarves quests involves searching three different maps.In the Island of Monteville - you need to get into the Castle. This quest involves a travelling circus, make up, a portrait, an elven outfit and a password. CONVOLUTED.Buy these games cheap and you are virtually guaranteed 20-30 hours of fun. After that it's like running a marathon - all about your stamina."
76561198026055049,Not Recommended,289520,23092587,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Bryn,"Incredibly buggy to the point it is close to unplayable on my Mac.  A lazy port that does not seem to be supported at all.  Disappointing, because I love the series and the other kings bounty ports to Mac seem to work ok (not without bugs, but certainly playable).Due to the bugs I can't rate this game at all."
76561197970870796,Not Recommended,289520,16456582,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Nixx,Old tricks without the new coat.
76561197971661781,Recommended,289520,14385036,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Talqazar,"The good: Greater variety of units near the start and a more non-linear structure than Warriors of the North. Also units aren't a micromanagement nightmare. Furthermore, early demon and undead armies provide interesting play. The shortage of crystals also makes spell choice more meaningful.The bad: The writing quality slides past the first few islands - be prepared for quest instructions that are hopelessly vague, inconsistent or plain wrong, nearly deserted islands, encounter levels are a mishmash and the main plot starts to fall into 'people attack you for no good reason'. The ending is particularly unsatisfying in this regard.The ugly: 1280x960 resolution (and all other options creating a horribly pixelated mess) is horribly antiquted in 2014.Worth playing if you already have played king's bounty (or similar games like HOMM), but not the best entry of the series.Good overall design held back by uneven execution."
76561197971269530,Recommended,289520,23613822,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,deliamic,"This is the weakest of the King's Bounty games I have played. Having said that, I just can't top playing it. If you are looking for a huge open world game with the exploration of HOMM but without the annoying multiplayer look not further."
76561198009445659,Recommended,289520,29585184,Posted: 30 January,all,ClapTrap,"Allright, This is a turn based RPG- A bit in the Might and Magic style. If you can get this game in a sale, do not hesitate, however if you have to pay the full price, it still is worth the money.I like the evil being story in this, and it has some nice word/name jokes that are worthy, Some quests are hard to solve as in you have to ' find ' old locations that you did visit, and find new ones, You are not being handheld like your mother did when you were 3 years old.One major flaw in the game is the spell Call of Nature. If you have this on level 3, enough mana and some tanks on the battlefield of your own. Then this is THE spell.Go play, i spent a lot of time in this, and its seriously worth its money."
76561198036285528,Recommended,289520,16144301,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Shadowcran,"Warning, the game is addictive.Their are bugs, but not are particularly game breaking or will even slow you down. Keep 2 saves on each campaign and alternate between them and it's all good.The game has endless replayability as it differs every single time. Many players make their own limits, and go for ""no loss"" campaigns.Turn based strategy at it's finest."
76561198026565392,Recommended,289520,22653176,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mots625,"A game that has great content and story, with a decent length that not too short but not long."
76561198026960623,Not Recommended,289520,19556178,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,bsocalk,"This is a game where you command armies of troops and tactically maneuver them on a grid-based battlefield, while leveling a hero character up and customizing your approach to battle. That sounds pretty fun to me. Which is why I keep trying to like this series of games, as the original King's Bounty was such a staple of my childhood. But sadly it is a deeply flawed series, so despite some positive features, just isn't recommendable.In (literally) the first battle you fight, the opposing army uses abilities that causes your armies to act on their own accord instead of listening to your orders. While the fight itself is easy, this is a good indicator of how the game goes. Design decisions were made that may have sounded tactically interesting, but result in a poor user experience where you often find yourself watching things unfold on-screen with little to no meaningful input on your part.The AI is also acutely aware that while it can throw limitless hordes at you, you have a very finite force. It often makes decisions that would make no tactical sense in terms of winning the battle, but pick aware at you. Again, this may seem tactically interesting, but the end result is a lot of reloading and long trips back to recruit more soldiers."
76561198037911255,Recommended,289520,11830393,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,ichiqichiq,"Updated.Actually its a good game. With tons of quests and with new features. With a little tweaking like make your strategy choices visible, this game will be alot more enjoyable.After 1 hour of playing:Worst in KB series. Don't buy this parody."
,Not Recommended,289520,24995986,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Krugwulf,"The writing for this game is hideously embarassingly bad. Actually embarassingly bad is an insult to the courageous 2nd graders who try their hand at writing. Someone was paid to write this terribly, and thats terrible. Expect every encounter with anyone to end in a scripted battle, a la icewind dale without any of the charm. That being said the fighting mechanics and leveling system are fine. I'd recommend it for turn based fans, anyone else is better off buying HoMM 3 for 10 bucks."
76561198092292290,Recommended,289520,11979146,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Sheriff,I'm a big fan of the series and this game was no exception. It was a very enjoyable experience with a lot of new features which make the game pleasurably different from its predecessors. A patch to clean up various minor bugs would polish the game.I recommend old players to play the game on hard or impossible difficulty level to keep the game challenging. My rating is 9/10.
76561198005725965,Recommended,289520,12856752,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,scottboy81,"if you know about kings bounty then obviously I don't need to explain much about this but it's more of the same. I've enjoyed the series but feel like this needs to be the last one as fundamentally there is not much design difference between them now and the graphics engine is starting to age. Much as I love the soundtrack it's also been heavily reused in each game and is starting to get a bit irritating.It's a solid game with alot of content a good 50+ hour campaign, it doesn't hold your hand like other games and won't point you towards exactly where you need to go for each quest, this can be interesting or annoying depending on your patience level.I still enjoyed it and it's a decent game for any turn based/fantasy/rpg type players. With all KB games though the combat can get a bit monotonous by about half way through the game."
76561198093911712,Recommended,289520,12130663,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Solmyr,"This game has a lot of bugs, it's very unbalanced in combat and every quest made me search for a walkthrough because quest tracking system is all messed up.And yet, i really enjoyed the game. Sure, it might not be the best strategy game out there, but it has it's pros and, sadly, cons.Pros:- Good visuals- Nice level and character design- Funny and interesting quests- Ending plot twist (Yeah, this game has one)Cons:- Bugs that may force you to load a previous save- Repetative gameplay- Horrible quest tracking system6/10, a game only fans of the series will like."
76561198070633574,Recommended,289520,12177971,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,jonpe16,"One of the best King's Bounty adventures so far, I haven't encountered any serious bugs so far, which is really good. The story is kinda of silly but it works, and the fact that you finally can use the undead without any disadvantages is awesome. One of the only flaws of this game so far is that it is almost the same as the other games, but it works fine again, so it is not a big deal. This is clearly recommended for all fans of Heroes of Might and Magic and the old King's Bounty games, and it is much better than the Warriors of the North edition!"
,Not Recommended,289520,31180702,Posted: 16 April,all,DRWaL '(^-^'),"Get's boring after a while, definitely worse than other games from this series."
76561198041476542,Recommended,289520,11573642,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,drapeaux,"Congratulations to the King's Bounty Team. This is a game I well recommend to all lovers of turn-based strategy, I'm sure that those already well used to this Series will love it.I've just completed the game for the first time with just over a week to go before the official launch and it is complete. So if you want to buy now at the pre-launch price and get the added extras, do so, you're buying a bargain. I'm pleased to report that I suffered no crashes in +190 hours of game play (a problem that KB players will know well from previous games in the series). Just a few minor gliches, and a continuity repetition that didn't spoil the game play. I'm sure the Guys will iron these out. This is also a more ""thinking"" game than others in the Series and without spoiling, do not worry if you're not able to solve side quests straight away or if you're stuck, quite simply think of a different approach to the problem and remember there may be more than one solution .... All in all from me 10 out of 10 KB - Well Done!"
76561197998046923,Recommended,289520,12308036,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,stockigabi,this is a great strategy just like the previous ones of the Kings Bounty series. Highly recommended
76561198042576053,Recommended,289520,14595500,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lost in 3d,"This latest entry is just like the rest, but thats a good thing. The unique twist of playing the 'dark' characters was pretty cool. The graphics are good(3d vision works well except for some text). A medium level pc can easily run and enjoy this game as with all the other Kings Bounty games. My complaints are that the last couple of Kings Bounty games have had a lot of mission related bugs are there are perhaps too many mission details to keep track of and the engine doesn't always give you enough info to remember where you are with their progress. It can become confusing all too quickly with 100 or so missions available and I find them to be a big road block for me wanting to replay. I still recommend any of the Kings Bounty Games(I've played and finished all the single player ones) but the mission complexity is getting overkill and the amount of bugs they keep having to fix is very symptomatic of that."
,Not Recommended,289520,16463975,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,dobo,"Unlike all other unstallations in the genre, this installment is just...broken. I was playing for 5 minutes before i got to a gate i needed to pass through that wouldnt open when i clicked the prompt for it to open, only when i wlked about would it open just to close when i came back"
76561198050887533,Recommended,289520,23084582,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Antikouras[GR],"The most underated game of the series. Interesting setup, classic KB humor, and unlike previous KB games, you dont play as a righteous hero this time but as an evil vampire, orc or succubus. Most the units are familiar from previous titles but the new units like the amazons, the spies, the strongmen, and the dragon riders are really special with interesting abilities. But the best thing is the quests. In that department Dark side surpasses all the other KB games. The quests here make you to think  they are generaly more rewarding and there is a stronger RPG element. Also, many special units can be aquired only by completing some quest line. The companion is awesome,  you can recruit units directly for him by giving him prisoners and also he can teleport you in any island/territory you have visited before for a small fee.One of the negatives is that the  introduction is too long and kinda boring can discourage some players and a few bugs i encountered (not critical though)."
76561198137045908,Not Recommended,289520,25655668,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Schweppes,"I really like this series and I always seem to come back and play. However, Dark Side has some serious bugs on MAC OS. I couldn't play for more than 10 mins and it crashes unexpectadly. Given that the game was released in 2014, it seems that it will not get fixed.I bought this as part of the KB bundle that included all the serious at a great discount Obviously, I am upset, but at least I bought it at a discount.For anyone starting new in this series, I would grab the other titles and not even attempt Dark Side.Hope that helps.Have fun gaming y'all :)"
,Not Recommended,289520,25659410,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,FabioManoel1977,Not liked this game. The units not get XP. The text font size is so small that is hard to read. The gameplay is repetitive.
76561197993622243,Not Recommended,289520,19214304,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Zadown,Not as good as the older King's Bounties.
76561198013500799,Recommended,289520,12761161,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ironballs,"If you liked the other game of the series - you're gonna like this one.the combat are pretty much the same - some new spells, many new monsters (though a lot of those are just evil copies of some old creatures - i.e. dark priests, dark arkmages, etc), all new rage powers, and somewhat different class ability progression.all in all - much of the same fun in a new shell.negative: some part of the maps feels kinda 'empty' - like big planes of ice with no creatures, loot, or items - but that's just small part of it."
,Not Recommended,289520,12169571,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,grownuptown,"I love the King's Bounty series, but the errors and crashes in King's Bounty: Dark Side (particularly on Mac) may this game almost completely unplayable. Which is too bad--I really wanted to love it."
76561197971476869,Not Recommended,289520,11891527,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,DarkMonkey,"I guess this just wasn't my thing. I liked Armored Princess but something about this one turned me off. If you're a big fan of the series, I guess I can see the appeal but for me, I wasn't impressed.It felt too simple, the graphics were not fantastic and the animation was bad.I do not recommend this title."
76561198050816803,Recommended,289520,11178107,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Dirty Sancha,"This is my first King's Bounty game.  I've enjoyed this game so far, however, I'm wondering how many hours it will credit me as having played.  The only real glitch I've run into so far is that the game has deleted my saves and reverted me back to ones made hours before, TWICE.  I guess, that's early access hazards? Or maybe a steam related problem from allowing steam to do download fullspeed in the background? No Idea.At any rate, the game is fun, and I've enjoyed it so far.  I think I'm going to wait for the game to mature a bit before playing more, because I've literally lost (over) half of my game play despite being one of those people that saves every 5 minutes.  I guess that transfer saves to steam cloud deal was meant to be a (do this or you're screwed thing?).Well, anyway the game is fun.  Although I have no experience with the other King's Bounty games, I only had a couple minutes of  ""What do I do?"" time pushing buttons to find the dig key (d) to find artifacts (and then later seeing it next to the minimap and feeling dumb.)The player can pick his/her surname/nickname (but not first name) and pick from between three characters.  Female being a demoness in a g-string.  Males being an aloof vampire and a very likable orc.  The choice seems to make no difference other than cosmectically, as you can use the other characters skills in combat, and you only see your troops in combat not your main character.You do, however, travel in the real time world as your character and encounter mob groups like in Dofus or many other turn based games over the years that most of you are probably more familiar with than I am.  So far, despite what I read in reviews prior to purchasing the game the story is quite amusing.  It's very light and does not take itself seriously at all.  It's no Shakespeare, and it's definitely not Gloria Steinem, (fantasy games almost always equal big chested males and big chested women) so don't expect otherwise. Especially since this one doesn't even take itself seriously storywise.)  Speaking of stories, don't expect voice overs.  It's clicking on dialogue.  The dialogue is amusing (to me.) However, don't expect big budget stuff. I don't recall a single cut scene.The game is basically you buy, pick up items that turn into, or you just run across units that you use  to fight for you.  You can also use some hero powers each combat round to turn your mana into damage, healing etc. depending on your powers, and some other ones based on ""rage"".  The three characters can use each other's rage powers, and I believe everyone accesses the same skill trees so again your hero choice should be cosmetic?I will be posting in the future when I regain my patience and redo the hours I've lost in gameplay. Twice."
76561198062930115,Recommended,289520,11799431,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,DG Dobrev,"This is a review from the standpoint of a lifelong King's Bounty fan. And by that I mean a person who played the original King's Bounty game in 1990 too.Before I start analyzing, I must tell you something. A single play-through of this game, doing all quests and fights, will take you over 100 hours. I am not joking. I am dead serious. If you want to do a no-loss play-through and are forced to repeat some battles, or better yet, you play impossible (meaning each fight takes a long time), you will be looking at 150+ hours of gameplay. Know what you're jumping into. This is 150 hours for 18-21€.There are already a few reviews in. Before I start, I will state the obvious: King's Bounty, in all of its installments, is basically a single player Heroes of Might and Magic game (regardless of the fact that King's Bounty actually pre-dates HOMM). Opinions are divided, and I will tell you why: because some people are missing the point of this game. Everyone is so preoccupied in expecting an upgrade to King's Bounty: Armored Princess and Crossworlds, that they fail to expand their view and realize what the developers have been thinking. While I am not in their heads, I can see quite well what they did, and it is simple: they gave us 3 different play-styles, which you can mold YOUR WAY and have them do the stuff YOUR WAY. This is what's important to me: a game letting me do stuff MY WAY, and not forcing my hand through a plethora of corridors and bottlenecks.People on the 1C forums have been complaining that they were forced to play the humans for 3 games in a row since time immemorial. So many wished to start with different races: be it the elves, the demons, the undead or the orcs. Now that we got a game that allows us to do it, people suddenly shift their opinion and start complaining about lack of troop variety in early game, or complain about no-loss victories.I myself am an avid Impossible/No-loss King's Bounty player. While I take pleasure in having such a play-through, it is not the only way to play the game - hence the play-style remark. Orcs are supposed to be numerous, and with adrenaline boosting their attack and skills, they can trounce an enemy before they suffer big losses. Demons have high Hit Points troops, but as a whole, they lack healing and resurrection capabilities, until you find means to do so. Undead can also form swarms, but it is their mobility that makes them great. A single vampire, switched to a bat can kite the enemies for a millenia, while the Vampire Wizard hero, regenerating lots of Mana per turn, destroys them with spells. Never ever miss the general idea of all King's Bounty games - they allow you to get creative. So be creative - don't just jump to conclusions. Never forget that all the games up intil KBWOTN had the classes working with the same race. Here you have races tied to classes. This alone separates KBDS from any other installent till now, and I think it works well. Never forget that when the game opens up, you can still do your own thing and get your favorite line-up. Nobody stops you from doing so.Having cleared this out, let's analyze the components of the game itself.- Main Menu: nothing different from other King's Bounty games. There is also a 3D option, but I don't suggest you play the game in 3D for a long time.- Graphics: a very slight upgrade over other King's Bounty games. Some textures are clearer, and some troop models look better. Then again, not by much.- Sound: the soundtrack of King's Bounty has always been its strong side. It has different themes, mostly orchestral with opera motives. 1C has always promoted a captivating soundtrack, and they provide it in this game as well.- Gameplay: this has always been the strong suit of all KB games. You can mix and match line-ups, get creative, and reap rewards. You also have 3 different heroes to do it with. This allows for hundreds of hours of fun.- Price: 18EUR is a very good price for this game. I always judge the price of a game harshly: I expect a 3 to 1 return at the very least. This means that to me, every 3 hours of game time cost 1 euro. I can easily expect dumping over 100 hours in this game, so I am quite all right with the price. There are so many games on steam that don't even make the 1:1 cut, it is terrible.- Day 1 DLC: while I don't support this practice, if people were smart enough to research the game, they should have bought the early access. I agree that nobody is forced into doing so, and I would like to set your souls at ease, that the game is perfectly playable without it. The extra item, which people have been fussing about, doesn't really do much, it gets easily outdated, and must be swapped for a better one - so you are not missing a whole lot.- Bugs: yes, they are still present. The release is actually still quite buggy, but there are no gamebreaking bugs. If you can't start the game, try to work around it: update your video card drivers, try it on another system and so on. There is always a reason for everything. If you haven't found it, you haven't looked into it well enough.Conclusion:- KBDS is a good game, at a good price, providing lots of hours of enjoyment. Don't ever get this wrong.- KBDS is based on what the fans on the forums have been complaining about: getting to play the other races in the game. Don't ever get this wrong.- KBDS allows you to get creative just as much as KBAP and KBCW did. Don't ever get this wrong.- KBDS is based on different playstyles, and as such it separates itself from the KBAP version of the game.- KBDS still allows for Impossible/No-loss play-throughs, if you are willing to invest the time to do one. A no-loss play-through was never easy in any of the previous KB games. Same here. It is doable and I will prove it in the end.- If you are still unsure, visit the King's BOunty forums for extra info:http://forum.1cpublishing.eu/forumdisplay.php?f=180With a view of all this game would give to you, I will most certainly recommend it to people who:- like strategy games from the HOMM genre- liked the other King's Bounty installments- like to get creative in a strategy game- like to challenge themselves- like to squeeze maximum potential from a gameIf you are not one of this gamers, then KBDS is not for you."
,Not Recommended,289520,17946111,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,saiyen25,The ending for the vampire was so wa wa! I expected a bit more considering the tongue and cheek humour throughout the game which i like. I mean WTF!?!?!
76561198006884898,Recommended,289520,14034546,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,buchecker,While initially sceptical and even with a handful of bugs left i ended up liking this installment the best of all Kings Bounty games. Unfortunately it still inherits the inherit flaws of the prior games. Namely an unbalanced early game and a broken and drawn out late game. Still fun!
,Recommended,289520,14645504,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,r1j1k,Dark Side is impressive casual vision of KB! Highly recommended.
,Not Recommended,289520,17224551,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,kudos72,Crashes refrequently and no longer supported.Unfortunately looks really amateur in comparison to the previous titles.Good concept (and still fun) but feels like they paid the intern to churn out a cash grab.
,Not Recommended,289520,11818577,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,AbiusX,"At its current version, this SUCKS. Don't buy unless fixed.I play on iMac, there are countless errors, lots of memory leaks, 10% of the time app just crashes, units are imbalanced, generally its not playable."
76561198052409642,Recommended,289520,11242495,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,AdmiralChaos420,I have been a fan of this series since Legend and I am very happy with this latest installment in the series its refreshing to play from an evil angle. The develepers have added many new units and also added new combat features I could not be more pleased. If you are a fan of the series or just like TBS battle games than this is a must have :)
76561198165860537,Not Recommended,289520,21913897,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,mjohnson1107,"Not nearly as good as Armored Princess or Warriors of the North which were awesome and very good...actually downright wretched. No real point, tough enemies to begin with...real boredom of playing the ""bad"" guys, little variety...no real linear story line. I'd rather have a colon cleansing on a Saturday evening then play this anymore. After Armored Princess each follow up is lacking the depth and replay-ability Armored Princess offers. It just appears to be a ""hastily worked or downright lazy"" follow up to a great series. Don't spend more than $5 for it. I caught it at $3.99 on a flash sale"
,Recommended,289520,11868826,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Sumidian,Aside from the fact that it is the same engine as the previous four iterations of Kings Bounty I would say this version is the most refreshing so far. Playing for the other team is actually been a lot of fun so far. I havn't run into any bugs yet and have enjoyed the quests as well. Really addicting game play if you are into this type of genre. At $24.99 I will definitely get my moneys worth.
,Not Recommended,289520,15853357,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Pejout,"Going back and forth and island jumping, this game is really force me to buy another shoes. If you fan of King's Bounty you must buy this, but if not please reconsider to buy it,  with many quest but minimum information and going to many places bouncing, your time will be spend not killing monster but go figures."
76561198035688552,Recommended,289520,12166327,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,johnsfun,Amazing game. Huge bang for your buck. Every new version only gets better.  Brings you into a fun and challenging World that you can stay in for hours at a time.
,Not Recommended,289520,19710568,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,GiGiByte,"Don't get me wrong, the first 20 hours or so were enjoyable. But now I'm stuck at the shelter, unable to teleport anywhere other than whitehill and have to start from the beginning because there's no work around?Screw this."
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,289520,16877749,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Huggles `,"Honestly, It's certainly not bad, but after releasting 3 identical games, the third is... not fun anymore.This game is great on it's own, but if you played the first 2, you'll see they're much better, and also see that no improvement whatsoever has been made, no new thought, nothing.Not recommended. play the first ones instead."
76561198037563328,Recommended,289520,13631333,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Elwin,Good come back of the series.I had a lot of fun and i didnt realy encounter any game breaking bugs. Quests were sometimes confusing but was acceptable.I didnt have a feeling that enemies are too strong like some other reviews  said neiter ( maybe because i didnt play mage  however  mage was always hard at the beginnig in kb series) I was realy disappointed when i found out that i had to buy premium edition to have access to all content tough ( and i was almost at the end of the game)
76561198079932614,Recommended,289520,12064991,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,patrickarnold1985,"I like kinds bounty, but I've got the mac version and there are bugs everywhere. If i try to go to sandy island or complete any quests on sandy island the game crashes. i've just fought  the dragons above dagenbam and the game crashed.Please fix this, it is insanely frustrating!!!!"
76561198012361915,Recommended,289520,11973731,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Shadowed_Hand,Kind of Disappointed...it just feels like this game was made before Warriors of the North rather than after. It doesn't scale well on my HD TV that I use as my monitor. The Demoness starting area is just painful to look at with it's color scheme. I haven't tried the other areas yet but I may have to just to be fair to it..so far? if I could return it I would and get Divine Divinity : Original Sin instead.
76561198033481038,Recommended,289520,12021926,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,thundercat2k9,"In meinen Augen das beste King's Bounty bisher:+ Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis genial (das findet man zur Zeit bei keinem AAA-Game).- Einziger Kritikpunkt: Die endlose Suche nach dem nächsten Quest-Bestandteil (ohne google wäre ich verzweifelt ^^).Insgesamt aber ein tolles Spiel, für alle HoMM und King's-Bounty Freunde ein Muss und ich freue mich auf's nächste :)Keep up the good work, guys!"
76561197992176814,Not Recommended,289520,25256831,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,TheBlackElf,"Unfinished game, nowhere near KBTL or KBAP."
,Recommended,289520,13836790,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mnemophage,"Basically it's pretty terrible. It's unfinished and filled with blank spots and poor writing, and the weird open-world thing doesn't really work, in that you'll find wild difficulty cliffs in one area and weak enemies you crush in others without really knowing where you have to be.But in what other game features your prime means of gathering community support being ""serially zombify inkeepers"" and ""found yellow journalism""? Seriously, tell me. I want to play these."
,Recommended,289520,28227944,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Supertorresmo,"King's Bounty is a great series of turn based RPGs, and this is the latest but also the worse of the bunch.I still recommend it, but go play the others first, and if after Legend, Crossworlds and Warriors of the North you still want more come back for this one."
76561198032371143,Not Recommended,289520,33574144,Posted: 15 July,all,michael009ru,"The game was so glitchy that it was impossible to play. I deleted it and will try to claim my money back.I downloaded it because I like the previous game in the ""King's Bounty"" series."
,Recommended,289520,14655661,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Boozie,Same old same old for the series.  If you like the others you will like this one but don't expect it to break the mold.  The equation works well for me so I enjoy it. Quests are a little more annoying in this game than the other 3 but I enjoyed the game just the same.  It's nice being able to try demons/undead from the start and not having to worry about morale issues.Hit me up if you have any questions about the game or want any mod suggestions.  I made a mod that lets you replenish your army stacks without finding a place to buy them for 2x the normal cost.
,Recommended,289520,15821061,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Alice,Play as silly monsters as you do unspeakably evil things in an upbeat fantasy adventure.
76561197969687669,Not Recommended,289520,15348106,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Scelous,"Now, I don't want to say this is the worst game ever made, so instead I'll say it's the worst game of the past two centuries."
76561198093862393,Recommended,289520,13716694,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,КАСЁЛ,excelent
76561198088775533,Recommended,289520,11857572,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,sony_blues,"HI KB Fans,i love the Game and bought right now KB:Dark Side for Mac. Unfortunatly i cannot load my Saved Games, they dont even show up. Has anybody the same problem?Thanks to you, have fun"
,Recommended,289520,18977089,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,headloser,"i like it but it still have major bugs in the game.  The game stop all of sudden and you lose everything.  PLus the Error report DOES NOT REPORT> PERIOD.  It keep getting error message.The worst is there three main players you  can choose from. However, you can only saved the game for one player at a time.  If you played another and saved, it is rewritten over the saved game of the previous character.  Beat me why this happen. I would wait until they repair the system."
76561197980484104,Recommended,289520,16731738,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Slamdance,"I purchased this game on the cheap as part of theKing’s Bountybundle during the summer sale. Having never played any of the otherKing’s Bountygames I found this one to be quite enjoyable, with a few caveats.Pros:An enjoyable combat system reminiscent ofHeroes of Might and MagicorAge of Wonders, with scores of units to fight and recruit. Moreover, there is an interesting and expansive Magic/Rage system with boatloads of spells/abilities.A fun and remarkably funny storyline. You get to play the bad guy(!), which is definitely a change of pace from many games; but, to my happy surprise, the writing was good enough that I actually began feeling like I was the good guy.It’s a long (loooooooong) game, very easily 100+ hours. (Have a great deal of time that you need to murder? Look no further.)Cons:I found pacing to be a bit-- screwy, while looking for quest objectives you can wander into an area or zone that you really should not be in and quickly find yourself on the wrong side of an a** whooping. Save early, save often.Speaking of looking for quest objectives, the quest log can be somewhat vague, and at times downright counterproductive. Quite frustrating, but in the end a minor quirk.It’s a long (loooooooong) game. Unfortunately, there’s a point where progression becomes unbalanced and the story become hidden behind an endless grind of meaningless battles. This is the biggest detraction from an otherwise excellent game.Overall, I found more positives then negatives with the game. I didn’t encounter any of the bugs that others had run into, so that might have colored my experience; however, apart from a few gripes, I found the game more than decent. For me it’s a recommended-if-on-sale.7/10(Pretty good for a game that I bought to see what bloody Snow White was all about.)"
76561198029694184,Recommended,289520,20690031,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,rfsfman,"Game is definitely random - random treasures, random monsters and etc. So the most difficult part is just the beginning. It's bad and good at the same time because it can take some time to start the game where monster's can be defeated.Later, game difficulty significantly reduces if you have right warrior's stack in your army slots.  To finish some quests you have to read dialogues carefully. They mostly contains useful tips to complete them.New units are imba, but they're great. Building your own ""citadel"" where you can upgrade your units is brilliant either.I would recommend game for those who like the series."
76561198031790778,Recommended,289520,21873636,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,hebajuba,not my favorite still good though
76561198062950253,Recommended,289520,22977451,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,trubble76trubble,Love this game!!
,Recommended,289520,20804515,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Reap,"Decent game exactly in the same vein as the previous kings bounty.This is probably the only one I didnt finish. I DO enjoy these games a lot but this one went in a mega fedex tangent and I didnt know where I was meant to go. SO, its good but I cant say brilliant. Combat is bigger and better but so are the worlds.Instead of making these games much longer I think there should be a campaign focused on more quirky combats... mad layouts and 2 v 1 or hostiles in the map sort of thing. Maybe even a 1v1v1 sort of setup happening. Regardless, its more of the same but longer and a little more tedious to complete quests."
76561198007197608,Not Recommended,289520,22094320,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,[S]almon,"As much as I love the KB series I can’t give Dark Side a positive review. It’s simply been too long since the KB: The Legend came out without the developer making any attempt to refresh the series by improving the graphics or substantially revising the gameplay. Dark Side feels more like a community mod that allows you to play a new race rather than a whole new game worth releasing on its own. Here’s hoping that we see a King’s Bounty 2 with, at the very least, updated graphics."
76561198031494571,Recommended,289520,10484735,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Strike,"Nice, I can say! Not similar to previous parts. But beta seems quite confusing with empty islands, If authors did not place the right amount of decoration – it’s ok, but if treasures and monsters (read experience) are missing than probably it’s worth waiting release.  But as one of the previous comments: it nice to play bad (say “hallow” to Mr. Horned Reaper!)"
76561198040668947,Not Recommended,289520,19786351,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Kokushibyou,"Cheap HM&M knock-off; not worth the time and effort to play.  I wasn't expecting much out of this game and I was still disappointed.  The quest dialogue is terrible and the game crashes a lot.  The combat is actually what you would expect, without much to differentiate it from any other game of this genre; which makes it the best thing this game has to offer.  I wouldn't bother buying this at any price."
,Not Recommended,289520,26555954,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"I think the chance to play as a Vampire, Demoness or Orc is pretty good, but I actually didn't enjoy this game. **"
,Not Recommended,289520,21553804,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,VGAce,i love kings bounty armored princess crossworlds but this one in the series is not goodvery buggy and with lots of empty ugly areas.the writing is horrible and the characters you play are unlikeable jerksquality is no where close to the other titlesdont buy this one get crossworlds which includes armored princess with dlcs
,Recommended,289520,11990708,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Four Bit Thug,I love Volcanos
,Not Recommended,289520,25544152,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,kibernick,Keeps crashing on a Mac. Cannot change graphics settings. Would love to play it otherwise.
,Not Recommended,289520,29262105,Posted: 14 January,all,Neolisk,"This game is garbage. Very plain story, very boring fights. Better get another King's Bounty game."
76561197979970563,Recommended,289520,33964074,Posted: 1 August,all,Israel Blargh!,"I played a ton of this game and made an analysis video of it, here it is if you're interested.https://youtu.be/CqMmyWM15H8Toodles!"
76561198039840227,Recommended,289520,17395817,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Daerdor,"King's Bounty: Dark Side is a game which I thoroughly enjoyed from start to finish!The gameplay is extremely fun with hex-based, turn-based battles at the core of it. The environment and scenery are very nice and those combined with the breathtaking music really add to the atmosphere. Once more as with several other games the music is simply stunning: the tune heard in the Elven lands, the tune heard in the Demonic lands etc are so different and captivate the land they describe perfectly.The story if quite interesting, but it's especially the humor used throughout it which makes for a great experience.In a way it reminded me of Overlord: the game is like a parody on the traditional 'goody goody' RPG's. It's really littered (in a positive way) with funny stuff, ranging from the obvious 'victimized' role of evil, over passwords like 'QWERTY', the names of the Beatles and the island of the Light having the shape and road structure of a big peace sign.The amount of different units in this game is quite big and each unit has its own pro's and con's which makes for a great amount of tinkering and combining to try and get the 'best' army.The game also has some nice features like for example upgrading items: in order to do this you actually have to fight the 'Keepers' of this item and only if you win does it get upgraded.A minor issue with the game is the Quest log. While definitely not bad it does lack some important info at times making it unclear what has to be done to complete a given quest (in most cases such quests will advance later in the game).Near the end of the game some quests require specific scrolls in order to be completed, however those are nowhere to be found (probably already sold during the course of the game). This is a bit 'meh' in my opinion since nothing makes those scrolls stand out in any way, thus the only way to complete those quests is in a new playthrough.A bigger issue are crashes and bugs: in 50% of the time the game crashed when exiting to Windows. This is not an issue since I'm exiting anyway but it's annoying. During gameplay I had a sporadic crash caused by clear bugs. For example if one of your units does 100% damage (so kills all enemies) the game will crash, probably because the number '100' doesn't fit the allocated space or something. This happens quite rarely and when you 'know' it you can avoid it.During my playthrough at one point I was not able to go to one specific island anymore, neither through sailing nor teleporting, the game would always crash. After some rummaging on forums I found out that verifying the Steam game cache magically fixes this. All of these bugs are luckily not game breaking but they should have been ironed out by now.The advice here is to quick-save regularly so no data is lost.It took me 98 hrs to finish the game on Normal difficulty doing all quests which could be completed which is time well spent. Note that this is the first King's Bounty which I have played, so I cannot compare to previous installments.Overal I can say this is one of the best games I have ever played, great fun.I'm giving it a 9 out of 10 where the one point is deducted for the bugs."
76561197970996522,Recommended,289520,16388331,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SithGecko,Tons of content for the money.  If you like turn based strategies get this game.
76561197990734626,Recommended,289520,19195038,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Masquerade,"Even though only minor differences has been made since Kings Bounty:Legends it is still highly addictive.This one is particularly much more difficult in terms of the quests. For some quests you really have to be lucky cause there are very few clues about where you can find the particular person, item or place mentioned in the quest dialog. It is also advisable not quickly skipping the dialogues, cause sometimes the only clue you may get lies in that dialogue. And you can only see the short desciption of the quest in your quests list, not the dialog which contains the clue itself.There is a new concept of something like ""base"" called shelter, and you can get improvements and develop special units from here. This is a really nice addon.I am also glad that the darned ""runes"" thing and the spells related with that disappeared in this new version."
76561198138885145,Recommended,289520,26816703,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,phildgraves,"i jumped at the chance to play the ""Bad guy""  if you like the other KB games, you will probably like this one."
76561198106516206,Not Recommended,289520,13862717,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Teemoo,I can not believe I have spent 20d on it....
,Not Recommended,289520,33667254,Posted: 20 July,all,KASIRGAO1,"I am fun of King's Bounty series. However, developers don't add new things to the game. It is almost same with other games in addition to its bugs.They should do better than this. Almost everything is same. They are earning money from almost same scripts."
76561198007471259,Recommended,289520,18557047,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Adrian,"Great game, 9.5/10, perhaps the best of the Kings Bounty Series!I have played and finished all Kings Bounty games, but the previous ones felt a bit unispired, some islands were not really woven into the story. This one is different, you play the Dark side, the sory is build on capturing and ruining the best 3x3 good people on different island, and the quests are often intertwined. You have a better sense of achieving something, and so my 134h were great spent. I could complete all but 1 quests (bugged), so the game is in a good state.Playing the dark side, in my case a seductuve Demoness, was a nice change, you almost felt bad for ruining true love, making the most happy person cry and break the most loyal person :)Played on normal, and in contrast to earlier KB games, its almost a bit too easy, as with time, you have access to unlimied supply of troops (if you have enough money).Highly recommended, and looking for the next installment!"
,Not Recommended,289520,16756732,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,WombRaider,looks like a game for 2003 im not to bothered about that but its the same game since kings bounty the legandits just stale something new was needed
,Recommended,289520,20181279,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,deemon,fun
76561198053219450,Recommended,289520,17403812,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ROLF,Very nice game but I hope we will see lizardman race in dlc.
76561198045150606,Not Recommended,289520,11762937,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,heavy metal jebus,fun game lots of hours of quests and kind of interesting story being the bad guys. 3 different heroes gives replayaiblity. how ever company isnt very good. any patchs will not affect a save file so if a game breaking bug is in the game at the time you start your game you will have to start a new game to fix it once the patch comes out. so patchs not ebing retro active can be a big issue. the company is also very shady and have lied and sneakly pushed back the release date. they said they would release patch notes that was 2 months ago still nothing and the night before the rlease they moved the date back 5 days and we still dont know why.i say either get it before rlease for the cheaper price and dlc or wait a few months till a sale and after many patches
76561198180712563,Not Recommended,289520,30616369,Posted: 19 March,all,ofmiley,does not work well with a MAC computer will run for short time then slow down until game crashes   many bugs need to be worked out.
,Not Recommended,289520,10315602,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,lasati,"I'm a huge King's Bounty fan. I haven't gotten too far in on Dark Side, but so far this feels pretty weak in terms of level design and pacing. For example, the catacombs had their walls just lined with eggs, and thats a LOT of clicking to collect them. There are treasures with 15k gold in the first few minutes (just unguarded and hidden away in a random corner) which is ridiculous. There were areas I could get to, but I clearly wasn't supposed to be there (because there were no enemies, all the doors were locked)... and then I had to go back and talk to a person and suddenly the area could be used.In other King's Bounties, the loot and itemization was really well distributed through the map. This isn't the case here.King's Bounty never had the greatest writing, but a couple of places it was really phoned in. Just walls of text that have nothing to do with anything. Will keep playing, maybe it gets better. But I hoped the new player experience would at least be more polished."
,Not Recommended,289520,33144016,Posted: 2 July,all,Undare,"Buggy, crashy, bad writing, horrible scenario design, empty writing that makes no sense. Tried to like it so hard (as i tried to like Diablo 3) because i got a LOT from the past game ""Warriors of the north"". But in vain, it ends crushing your soul, I would lovely to get a refund for this, sadly my mistake will be in my library for the end of the days..."
76561198051357427,Not Recommended,289520,12825602,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,nkzip,"Played all the other King's Bounty's on my Mac using 10.7.5  Upraded to Yosemite.  All the other games still play beautifully, but the Dark Side is sooo slow.  Just about every move requires me to wait.  I spend 90% of the time watching the spinning little circle waiting before I can make the next move."
76561198013350670,Not Recommended,289520,13236514,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Larans,Uninspired game very buggy aswell.
,Recommended,289520,27511420,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gouraijer,NIce game! Wait for next series
76561198010800766,Recommended,289520,17759638,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,88%
76561198010641857,Recommended,289520,15806566,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,"Its a bit different from other KB games, but not that much. If you like KB games, you will like this as much as I did.I just think that the quests texts werent written so well, could have been better.Overall, its a fun game."
76561198017060994,Recommended,289520,11818939,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Shaitan,"More KIng's Bounty goodness, if you liked the other ones you will like this one."
76561198044128298,Recommended,289520,11796805,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Salmon Roe,"I realize that this game is somewhat unfinished, but the state that it's in is nearly unplayable. Started as demons, and the first areas were very lackluster and linear. If you don't mind playing around with a mostly empty game, it's okay, but as of this review, it's hardly worth the 25 bucksEdit: After playing the game a bit more, I discovered that the linear area with the heroes of light was not the only area available to explore. After finding Portland, the game feels much better and more like the previous King's Bounty games."
76561198020535145,Recommended,289520,10623219,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,kinseeker21,This game is a credit to the series. It was everything the others have but also has alot of unique pets and playable characters.Great game
76561198010791222,Not Recommended,289520,13259676,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Eyewashere,Video reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QbpY3uCTHE&feature=youtu.be
76561198071936729,Not Recommended,289520,13540664,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,jacknife_tr,"Choose magic talent, improve summon creature spell and summon.:) Easy victories. Same tactic work for all battles, so it could be boring. I left the game after a while."
76561198038552111,Recommended,289520,26912993,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phruler,Good game
76561198052928828,Not Recommended,289520,10282068,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Eric Cartman,"don't know bout the others but i feel this game is worse than previous one. not really an open world and seems like u have to advance tremendously while levelling up againts bunch of enemies in same place (like spend farming monotone at one place cause plenty of small fries stuck in there), few shops but plenty of items on floor like eggs which is boring taking them one by one while there are like 20 at same place again. and  in my 1 hour game and  some bugs like stuck in the tree and crashes while finding that the save data was erased as well but it is still on development so i understand. overall if there is no improvement, for me,  I must say it is quite dissapointing wasted my 25 dollars.Of all king's bounty series i played only the legend is the best"
76561198073562372,Recommended,289520,11798422,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Deadend,where is the dlc?
,Recommended,289520,11805441,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,SteRo,"@JoYo: Because your profile is private and I could not reach you: After installing the game I had the same error. Seem like you are normally a non english game player.(e.g. german like me). Problem here is Steam: Got to your game libary in your steam client. Right click to the game and go to ""prperties"". Then go to ""Language"". There should be your language (e.g. german). Actually KB-DS only support russian and english. Put in ""english"" then you should have the normal game.But I also be disapointed in getting a beta/alpha status game. Lot of balance problems as well as dumps (e.g. if you change graphic settings) and graphic is blurred in most graphic resolutions.I will go back to WotN and waiting for major bug fixes for DS."
76561198046123905,Recommended,289520,11783615,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Bjorn The Trickster,"start slow and dont show much on start, but when game proggres its start to change. I recomand it for any people who find stratagy game and some of the battle can be tricky :)"
76561198079771937,Recommended,289520,11787364,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Prandur,"A new KB game, with various improvements and tweaks. Highly recommended to fans."
76561198008157861,Recommended,289520,11786227,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,sachadeix,Awesome game
76561198013739985,Recommended,289520,12868784,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Eza,"KB:DS is an amazing strategy/tactical turn-based game where you go across a huge world fighting battles, hiring new troops, buying new spells and artifacts, and slyly undermining the forces of light.This is probably the worst King's bounty of the series due to dialogue and story, but the game is still fun nonetheless.  I felt it was limiting since you could only play as the dark side, whereas in previous games you could switch between both factions whenever you wanted.It's still a great game and I highly recommend it to any strategy game fans out there!"
76561198017048850,Recommended,289520,13748344,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,seawolff7,have all of this series lots of fun to play. recommended all the way
76561197980022541,Recommended,289520,13985397,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Roughneck,Love this game so far.  It's much better than Warrior of the North.
76561198007513026,Recommended,289520,13170034,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,malcolmmackay224,"Update - I've finally finished the game and my feelings about the game are very mixed. I really enjoyed the first half of the game. Things start to fall apart somewhat in the second half. Although I enjoy the quests, there are too many of them and too many of them are boring and/or buggy.Too many quests are fetch quests - find five mushrooms, get me this scroll etc. Boring. Some are buggy, or the instructions for them are so vague they might as well be buggy.Still, I did finish the game and I don't regret buying it. Kings Bounty is such a strong design that only WotN completely screws it up.Time to develop Kings Bounty 2. Maybe a Kickstarter, I will contribute.--- Original review ---------This game redeems the King's Bounty series after the terrible Warriors of the North.Unlike WotN, the game is a challenge, at least to me, on normal difficulty. The quests are interesting and at times amusing.  Reminds me of Armoured Princess, which from me is high praise."
76561198085347067,Recommended,289520,13965848,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,...,I bought common edition without information that premium edition has additional contents.but now i want to premium edition.Please support a way to upgrade.
76561198068369219,Recommended,289520,13942477,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Decron,"A welcomed return to the series origins, at first it sucks bad and then it gets awesome. You really have to play to understand it."
,Not Recommended,289520,14533343,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Arrakisdef,"I normally love Kings Bounty games, but this one was very lack luster.  It didn't feel like a whole coherent game, but more like someone just made a new King's Bounty without a good story."
76561198028354902,Recommended,289520,15182210,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Techpriest 17,its good to be bad - an interesting story and its familiar enough to previos games but with a good twist
76561197993474719,Recommended,289520,18930283,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,MipsMops,"Short review if you played a King's Bounty game before: This is King's Bounty again. If you enjoyed the previous games you will enjoy this too. It's a bit more on the quest solving side but there is still as much hex map fighting and goodie grabbing as always. No ground ground breaking innovations though. Just King's Bounty.Game seems a bit longer than usual. I am 40 hours in and feel like i am half way through. Also the jokes seem to be even more silly the in previous title (seven dwarfes, really?) and your rage demon looks like No-Face from Spirited Away. But who cares. You're playing King's Bounty."
76561198040488723,Recommended,289520,19887067,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Melandrhild,"If you liked the previous ones, you'll like this one. The three characters are very nice, I love the demon lady."
,Recommended,289520,31865748,Posted: 20 May,all,Gildor,"Interesting concept; everything good you missed when playing Heroes (story, continuity, no indestructible enemy castles xD)"
76561198030240547,Recommended,289520,35159073,Posted: 23 September,all,red255,"If Steam could vote things more neutral I'd vote it that.  Armored Princess is the best  this game is the worst of the four that exist.it functions but if you wanted a kings bounty game, start with armored princess, probably warriors of the north after that, then armored princess again, then maybe the original, then maybe this one.  on a sale.why do people not like it?  I started it up with the fighter tree campaign.  you play for like 3 hours before you can buy units.so far its just been the one shop of units that make you realize just how junk the low level dark side units are.Light side usually starts with humans or vikings which are very sturdy units, do lots of damage etc.  the dark side units exist mostly to die. by the hands of the light that you are fighting.After you get thru the start period which is over long you get the ability to use rage and convert prisoners into undead or demons.  Undead are apparently preferable since everything you kill has a very high chance to drop zlogyn which severely damages non-undead units  (and heals undead units and raises their dead)so game forces you to mainly use undead, should force you to use undead, orcs or demons."
,Recommended,289520,34817801,Posted: 8 September,all,Tigrovica,"I'm realy big fan of King's Bounty games. I've started with King's bounty the legend i think in 2010 when i won this game somewhere and i fell in love with that game. I still remember how hyped i was when i saw trailer on this game back in 2014. Last summer sales i saw King's bounty Ultimate edition in sale and i just needed to buy all of those awsome games. I liked all of them, they're all really similar but still evero one of them has unique story line and those story lines are connected. I see why is this game hated, it has old engine and there aren't any new things if i don't count units. Gameplay feals same in every King's bounty game. I still don't know why but i've ben enjoying this one probably most, i liked all characters and i realy like battles with new units.Pros:-Art style-Music-Lot of new units-Some quests are realy interesting-Side quests can extend your main story line-3 races-You can collect paintings-New Prissoner mechanics-Hours of fun gameplay-You can play as bad guys >:)-Blood Priestess is realy OP unitCons:-Out dated graphics-Lots of glitches-There is only one big boss fight i think-Sometimes gameplay can be too long-Some quests are realy boring-Some quests aren't explained realy good-Quest log don't usualy show you what exactly do you need to do or where you need to do those things-You need to do some side quests to move in main story and game won't usualy tell you-Blood Priestess is probably too OP unitThe last one is probably because i'm using mod to change language-Some dialogue windows are blank it's realy rare but i've seen it few times on NPC side and even on my own anwsers-Some item names or description are glitched but this happened to me only with 2 items in game-Someone translated Priestess into Princess so i was realy confused when i was looking for that unit in english when i was making this review.I'd give this game 7.2/10Realy good game, i liked it so much but i think it's not for everyone.BTW: Please excuse my bad english, i'm not realy good at this language."
