user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,289650,13718584,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,djsfnksdf,"As a huge fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise, this game was really disappointing.The weird thing about AC Unity is that it's an excellent game ruined by horrible business decisions.Finally, stealth is fixed: there's a crouch button, combat is harder, and there are more options for stealth. Parkour is easier and more fluid. Combat is the best it's been since AC2, at least. Customization is finally here, and you can completely customize your outfit based on your playstyle. Different weapons with different stats are back for the first time since the Ezio trilogy. Paris is beautiful, massive, and feels alive with all the enterable interiors and all the people in the streets, and the graphics are the best I've ever seen in a video game (including Crysis 3, Dragon Age Inquisition, Far Cry 3, GTA V, etc).These things all sound great, right? They are. Which is why it's so sad that the game got ruined.Horrible optimization means almost unplayably awful performance. On both low and max settings I usually get the same FPS, and I've never gotten a constant 60 (for reference, I have an i7-3770k, a GTX 680 SC, and 16GB of RAM).Beyond performance in gameplay, performance in cutscenes is usually around 15 FPS.A lot of the chests you find in the world require you to log in to a separate companion app on your phone to unlock them, which is completely immersion breaking and really sucks.For some reason, everyone in Paris speaks with a British accent (which is more annoying than it sounds).You're required to go through Uplay, a separate client, to play the game.The co-op often doesn't work because the game can't connect to Uplay.The second thing that shows up when you pause the game, right below ""resume,"" is an option to go pay real money for in game stuff. This ♥♥♥♥ing sucks for a $60 game when micotransactions up to $100 are shoved in your face.The best armor and weapons in the game are locked behind either a real-money paywall or a requirement to use some stupid external companion app.The mini-map is stuffed with so many options that it's almost impossible to find anything useful.Overall, this game is incredibly disappointing, not only because it follows the amazing Black Flag, but also because it could have been the best AC game ever if it wasn't completely ruined by awful business decisions.Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,289650,12917986,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Gian Lorenzo Bernini,"Update, 07/18/16 -- Game is now completely broken and crashes upon start.I'm a huge fan of the Assassin's Creed series. As a history nerd and a huge stealth genre fanboy, these games are always right up my alley.Now I'll tell you why Assassin's Creed Unity is, flat out, one of the worst games I've played in years, and why it's absolutely unrecommendable to everybody who owns a gaming PC.I want to start off by saying that I was absolutely hyped for this game. More hyped than any Assassin's Creed game since Assassin's Creed 2. I had watched a few gameplay videos that sold me due to the fact that the devs seemed to be going for the classic Assassin's Creed experience: An emphasis on stealthy gameplay, an intriguing historical period, and a stripped down approach to weapons and gadgets. It hearkened back to Assassin's Creed II, which is an amazing game and probably the best in the series, closely followed by Assassin's Creed Brotherhood and Black Flag.The first drawback is the one everybody already knows about: The game is nearly totally broken at this point. Bugs are everywhere, the game hard crashes quite often, and it runs like a dog even on the most beastly of rigs. For me in particular, the most damning graphical drawback was some kind of weird frame stutter that I would experience literally every 4 seconds without fail, even in menus. I'm not sure what's causing this, but the game is nearly unplayable with it unless you're incredibly determined. As you can see, I have managed to bludgeon through several hours of the game, mostly due to its amazing recreation of Revolutionary Paris, which is by far the best aspect of the game. Most of that is wandering about the landscape and gathering collectables, which has been the peak of my enjoyment of the game, because any missions are so difficult to get through thanks to the fact that it's maybe the single most broken game I've played since Obsidian was forced to release Knights of the Old Republic II in it's half-finished state way back in 2004. And that's saying something, because that game was a broken mess.There's been enough said about the games broken, poorly optimized state. I'd like to talk about why it would be a bad game even if it were to run beautifully. I'm going to talk about the past couple of AC games here, so bear with me.I hated Assassin's Creed 3. Absolutely despised it. I thought it was terribly designed. It had muddy control and poor line-of-sight mechanics that often resulted in instant game over detections, it had awfully designed stealth sequences that forced you to follow people at ridiculously close lengths, and it had bad checkpoints that compounded both of those issues. A number of the missions (the midnight ride, the Charles Lee chase sequence) were just horribly designed to the point where they were frustrating. To top it off, the writing was utter trash, all of the characters were cardboard cutouts, and nothing was even worth following.Then came Black Flag, which was a complete redemption for the series. The game was so much fun, it was beautiful to look at, and, most importantly for me, IT FIXED THE SERIES STEALTH AND GAMEPLAY DESIGN PROBLEMS! Control was smooth. Stealth sequences were designed well. Free running and climbing was nearly bug-free, quick, and intuitive. Trying to achieve 100% stealth in the plantation sequences were probably my favorite missions in the game. Playing Black Flag felt like the Assassin's Creed series had truly taken a step forward, like it was ready to get back to being the stellar franchise that Assassin's Creed II had promised it would be.Enter Assassin's Creed Unity.The reason I contrasted AC3 and Black Flag is because playing through Unity gave me the distinct feeling that I was playing a game designed by the AC3 team. It has the same exact pitfalls that I just described in AC3. Controls are muddy and you never truly feel totally in control of Arno. He lumbers to and fro in the vague direction you send him. A cover mechanic has been introduced that's way too sticky, way too close to guesswork, and generally hampers stealth so poorly that I completely stopped  using it except in sequences when the game forces you to. And, to top it off, they've redesigned free running and climbing with a system that seems like it should work beautifully, but fails miserably in every aspect of its execution. The days of your jumping off into odd directions, taking the wrong path up a building, and even inexplicably stopping in place and having to recenter the stick, then hit up again to continue moving HAVE ALL RETURNED FROM ASSASSIN'S CREED II. Seriously, bugs from a game that was made back in 2009 and were just solved last year have miraculously reappeared. How do you ♥♥♥♥ up that badly?Add in that the music, something that was unbelievably atmospheric and really made the experience of Florence in Assassin's Creed II, and lent you sea shanties that stuck in your head for hours in Black Flag (and was utterly forgettable at best and terrible at worst in AC3) is absolutely unnoticeable. In fact, I didn't think about it once until, midway through this review, I remembered how much I loved Jesper Kyd's work in AC2. That's how forgettable it is.There are also several instances of immersion-breaking content, including chests that are only open via the Unity Companion App, and microtransactions that are so hamfistedly jammed in they pull you right out of the experience. It's a basic example of an immersion murdering mechanic, and it boggles my mind that developers have not learned why you don't do these things in games. Hell, even the publisher and the money people should know why immersion is important for a single player gaming experience. There's no excuse for garbage like this.You can also consider Ubi's utter failure to maintain some semblance of business ethics by setting their review embargo to 12:00 PM of release day, rather than the day of or the day before as is common practice. Why would they do this, you say? The only obvious reason that comes to mind is that they knew their game was an unfinished, broken piece of garbage, and they decided that their best course of action was to lie to their customers for as long as possible in order to prevent them from canceling their preorders. Despicable.It really disappoints me to tear this game apart so viciously because I've been such a huge fan of the series. I'd like to believe that this was rushed out the door by Ubi, and that the team would eventually have produced a good game if they were given adequate time to have worked on the things that fail here. But at the end of the day, blame lies with the developer as well as the publisher.""A delayed game is eventually good, a rushed one is forever bad""- Shigeru MiyamotoIn conclusion, there is very little redeeming quality in this game. Unless you're an absolute history nerd or a super hardcore Assassin's Creed fan, this game is completely unrecommendable in its current state. Furthermore, even if the game were totally fixed, even if the graphical issues and the bugs were completely ironed out and the game ran beautifully, this still isn't worth a purchase because it's easily the worst Assassin's Creed and just not a great game period. The dev team here has an eternity of failure to look forward to, as people will forever think of this game as an exemplary pillar of Ubisoft's descent into the basement of video game development and business ethics. Hell, at least Watch Dogs had some interesting mechanics and some competent stealth sequences. This game brings absolutely nothing to the table. Just replay Black Flag instead. Or burn $60 in your backyard while punching yourself in the face, because that's a more valuable, entertaining experience than playing this game will ever be.Some gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mlgf4p0AOVY&ab_channel=BrutalJones"
,Recommended,289650,32202697,Posted: 5 June,all,Vendetta™ hyper-keys.com,"One of the best games I ever played in my whole life, I just don't understand why this game is so underrated and hated, because I loved it.Gameplay is just amazing, you have a lot of things to do like CO-OP (first AC game with CO-OP mode), heists, secondary missions, quests, detective missions etc.Parkour system is much better than system used in previous game from this franchise. More unique and developed.Storyline is good, it makes you do more and more missions just to see what happens between you and Elise or between Assassins and Templars.Also, there are a lot of weapons, upgrades, skills, unique clothes that can be purchased with in-game money that makes cash an important thing in the game.A lot of people said that this game is buggy and unoptimized. Well, that isn't true at all. I never saw a problematic/extremly serious bug in the game except some crashes, and optimization is average, but Assassin's Creed Syndicate's one is better, that's true. But the game is playable on ULTRA on a GTX 1060 with i5 6500 setup, so that's alright."
76561197998055071,Not Recommended,289650,13213292,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Hidd3NNiN,"I say this as a hardcore fan of the franchise but my patience is wearing thin as the game's technical problems are slowly eroding any fun I got out of this game. The game is constantly crashing about every 1/2 an hour on average for me. The game might be playable in 4 - 6 months time but for now, it is definitely not worth playing.Game mechanics are more or less classic AC. That's great if you enjoyed any of the previous instalments. However, because Ubisoft has decided to force Multiplayer on us. Here's what you are missing out on if you just want to play the game totally solo single-player and not participate in any co-op or any of the guild (called clubs ingame) content (which I must add, the club competitions are NOT EVEN RELEASED YET) You are completely locked out of the 5 star gear upgrades if you are a solo player meaning you will hit a glass ceiling in terms of gear.The Armor set in Unity that can be unlocked is basically a reskinned Altair's costume (Either a Pro or Con depending on your preference), however it is basically a skin and has no statistical advantages so it is pointless to pursue if you are not a fan of the looks. I should also mention that you need to collect about 12 seals to unlock the gear which means it will take a while to do as well.The Parkour is great in this game and probably the best in the entire series so far however as usual, it has a lot of stickiness issues. I've basically bounced about on all 4 sides of a window for 30 seconds or so because the game just doesn't want to let me climb to the exact spot to climb into a building.Level design is much better than the last few games. Now they give you a more open area and let you figure out which route you want to take to get your target which is pretty fun when you perfectly execute an assassination. However there are a few levels (or some spots used in assassin missions) where the layout and guard density can get pretty ridiculous. Overall though the level design is pretty good in Unity.The Stealth detection mechanics are pretty spotty in this game. I have encountered issues where guards were alerted of my presence after I stealth killed another guard on another floor or issues where guards all across the restricted zone are alerted to me when I killed a guard and there were no other guards looking my way.Combat is a lot more difficult compared to previous games (which again could be a pro or con depending on your preferences). No longer can you fight off 20 or so guards and win easily. All guards carry guns which can take out 1/2 to 3/4 of your HP if you stick around too long so you have to try not to stay in combat for too long. The Double Assassination mechanics seem to be pretty spotty too in my experience. Even with 2 enemies clearly highlighted for a double air assassination, I have found myself frequently seeing Arno only hit one target which causes me to aggro the 2nd guard and consequently every guard in the zone is alerted to me.The Story is pretty meh and doesn't really take advantage of the interesting setting of the French Revolution which is pretty unfortunate. You only seem to read about the events of the French Revolution behind the scenes through the ingame journals or dialogue but are not really involved in many of the big events. I can't think of a single character outside of Elise who is memorable or even has any kind of personality. Arno is okay but is a poor man's version of Ezio.Ubisoft has also included chests that rely on you playing a Mobile App to be able to unlock. I decided to give it a try but uninstalled it 2 days after playing it after it reset my progress twice. Another broken component of ACU... There is also an AC Initiates web game which I'm not too sure what the point of it is as it is still half built at this point on the website and it has also reset my level earlier. To unlock the legacy skins like Altair's Armor, Ezio's armor, etc  you need a certain Initiate level before you can open the chest. (Seeing a pattern with Club Competitions, Companion App and Initiates? I'm not sure why Ubisoft is adding in all these extra things to the main game when they are all pretty much incomplete, unfinished and bug-ridden)Frankly if Ubisoft couldn't get all this working, they should either have left them out of the game completely and made sure their main game is fully featured and actually works properly or delayed the game release."
76561198120428199,Not Recommended,289650,12971455,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Deodorant_Dan,More crashes than NASCAR.
,Not Recommended,289650,12895789,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,⭐ChapaNDJ⭐,"*I WILL DELETE OR EDIT THIS REVIEW ONCE THE GAME IS FULLY PATCHED*Stay the hell away from it until they release 4 or 5 patches.This is a broken mess, just like Watch Dogs.Can't even run it properly on my GTX970. Absolutely disgusting."
,Not Recommended,289650,13876513,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Derps von Herpington,"[AFTER THE 5TH PATCH AND DEAD KINGS DLC]As you may have noticed among the Steam reviews, Assassin's Creed Unity currently has a very bad reputation among the PC Community and I am here to explain everything I can about my experience with the game in the most respectable and honest way possible. I have experienced good things and bad things in the game that I am willing to share.[VISUAL]This is something that many people will more likely agree. This game is truly beautiful. I appreciate the fact that Ubisoft truly made this game look like Next-Gen. You can go to many other places and see the beauty on the poor and rich side of Paris. Of course, to experience this well, you might have to have a very good PC to explore it pretty well. Otherwise, it is just a tease to you.[GAMEPLAY]The game seems to play out like a refined version of AC1. The parkouring is somewhat smooth, but sometimes a bit buggy when climbing in certain areas. The Combat is actually more difficult than one might think, if fighting a bunch of guards, you might end up using alot of smoke bombs and even with all the medicine you take, it might not be enough and you will more likely die (in other words, smoke bombs are your best friend). The new combat also removed the free flow kill streaks and counter kills, instead you parry, attack, or dodge. Fans wanted a more difficult challenge, and so they have it. Now the Fanbase is divided about it. For me, it wasn't bad but it could have been better refined. I think Ubisoft was trying to add more realism into the AC series, after all, I don't think its normal for someone to kill 10 guards under 1 minute unless you had explosives. Stealth in this game is possible. It's not really the best stealth feature, but it is possible.[MISSIONS & OTHER ACTIVITIES]The Main Missions are pretty well done If I may say. You can enter a building, lure them out, riot, go yolo, sneak under the building, etc. This made the game less repetitive. I cannot say the same for the Side Mission however, they do tend to repeat itself, however it does have some interesting stories behind these missions. Investigation Missions is pretty awesome, you play detective and try to figure out who murdered the person, and you have a variety of people to blame. So choose wisely. The Notredamus Puzzle is the most time consuming unworthy chore I ever done. You pretty much attempt to solve these painful riddles just to get a reskin altair costume that is merely cosmetic, I personally think it is not worth it. Helix Rifts are actually part of the storyline and you are basically just trying to escape that era. It was pretty enjoyable to watch and explore this small linear era, but it wasn't that spectacular. And finally the co-op missions that might prove enjoyable, unfortunately due to bad connection with Ubisoft's servers, attempting to connect takes quite long and sometimes end up with just two player team, even having to join friends proves difficult and this mostly forces me to play alone or with just one player. The game has chest...BUT WAY too many chests....and some Nomad Chests and Initiate Chest that once were used for third-party app (Patch 5).[CUSTOMIZATION & WEAPONS]This game has ALOT of customization for your character from hood, chest, legs, bracer, and belt to weapon varieties. Its really REALLY well done and many people enjoyed having their own attire. Weapons can be selected from Swords, Heavy weapons, long weapons, pistols, and rifles. Some of these attires and weapons must be unlocked through missions, chests or through club competitions. You also have the ability to buy skills to improve your health, stealth and fighting abilities.[STORY]I won't lie to you guys, I say this as a true fan of the AC storyline, the story....is the weakest of all the series. I will explain with no spoiler as possible. The story focuses soo much on Arno and Elise that everyone else, including historical figures, was forgettable. And even when it focuses on Arno and Elise, it feels pretty meh. I admit though, their love story is pretty well made but short lived. This is pretty much how the story usually ends up going: Arno kills the target, drain his target's memories to find the next target (there is no confessions for the victim like previous games), kills the next guy, repeat. I know there is story behind all of it, but there is hardly any backstory for that target, even the main antagonist hardly had some spotlight other than the fact he is a sage (but we knew that from the beginning of the game). The ending was....I have to say...it was pretty cliche....and the Modern Day storyline was little to nonexistant unfortunately. I am NOT saying the story was horrible, but the story is weak for an AC game. What bothers me the most is the order of missions of single-player and co-op missions are not linear, this usually results an early spoiler for single player story, WHICH IS REALLY BAD![BUGS & GLITCHES]This is where the game's experience was killed since its launch. It performed badly. Now we are at Patch 5. Online is so-so fixed along with Issues of Dead Kings DLC. the Crashes however, I still get that. It really does kill the experience for me along with constant stuttering issues. I was able to run this game at around 45 fps with custom high/ultra high setting so it wasn't entirely bad for me. But I really cannot say the same for others. If you check the forums, you will see that many people can't run this game as well as others (even Powerful PC users have issues) I also read reports that as if Patch 5, SLI/Crossfire Users perform worse for them. And of course, the game is not optimized well on PC, in fact its worse than any AC title.[MICROTRANSACTIONS]Let's make it clear that this has no affect to us in gameplay, since this is optional. However, this cannot be ignored either. Putting microtransactions on a Single-player/Co-op game, simply to get items early instead of encouraging players to get them through effort is just a big no. What disturbs me is the price, it ranges from $20 - $100 and the helix credits aren't that much either. This is possibly the worst thing I ever saw in an AC game and this sort of business practice has made Ubisoft look like the new EA.[DEAD KINGS DLC]I would type out the review for this, but the I am reaching my character limit for this review. so I'll get to the point. Story wasn't dark as they said. Surprisingly boring. Weapons are meh. at least it was free. yeah, sorry peeps.[DO I RECOMMEND?]This game had such potential and was executed poorly. The reason I give this game ""Thumbs Down"" is because this game may not run for everyone and to top it all, this game still has major issues that needs to be dealt with and the chances of having that is 50/50. Another reason is because the story was weak for an AC game. You might be one of the lucky ones to run the game with little to no problems, or be one of those unfortunate enough to have a bad experience, So if you feel you can run this game and can deal with the issues the game has, by all means get it since it can still prove to be enjoyable, but please get this game during discount, because I personally think this isn't worth the full price. You see all the thumbs down reviews and I agree with many of them, its that bad. If a lot of people are complaining less about Uplay and more on Unity, then something went seriously bad for Ubisoft. I really worry for the series now. Personally, this game may have been given a recommendation or just a mere complaint about Uplay launcher if there were little bugs and glitches, or at least a good optimization and better support. The damage has been done and there is no doubt that this game became one of the biggest disappointments of 2014.NOTE: I Completed the game with 97% SyncI Played this game on Barebones Gaming LaptopIntel Core i7 4700MQ8 GB RAMWindows 7 64-bitNVIDIA Geforce GTX 780M"
,Not Recommended,289650,13699586,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TechRabbit,"This game is beyond broken, I cannot believe the one time I preorder a game this happens. This is the image of thievery by a corporation. Ubisoft is the classic snake oil salesman. Or maybe some bait and switch. I have enjoyed the AC franchise for a long time so it is amazing to see how awful this whole experience has been. I will never be buying another Ubisoft game despite the excellent looking titles coming out in the future. If I went to a restaurant and received an uncooked/unfinished mess that didn't even ressemble what I was buying, I wouldn't only want my money back, I would also see to it that everyone I knew was aware of the standards of that business as well as never give them my business again. That's what forces businesses to be honest. We should hold the gaming industry to the same standards we do every other."
,Not Recommended,289650,12944009,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,21st Century Shitpost Man,"Reaction to this game has been laughable. I guess most people need to brush up on their French history and world history for that matter. First off, I find it silly that I have to explain that the world wasn't in 1080p until 1962, but that must be before your time. Though Unity often dips below 20 fps, this is generous for the time period, as France was one of the last countries to hit 240hz and operated at an unsteady 15-20fps throughout the 18th century. Unity surprised me by accurately showing Arno dropping through the ground and into the white abyss that exists under the real Paris, even to this day. Finally, there is the non-issue of pop-in... Anyone that has been to Paris is quite aware that parisians are all British accented phantoms that often come and go between planes of many dimensions.Open a history book! Do more traveling! This is Ubisoft's finest work yet and I am glad to have had the opportunity to play it this soon before the actual release in 2017. The game is pretty far along for being this early in the development process."
,Not Recommended,289650,12962621,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,BigMoist,"A LETTER FROM UBISOFT:Dear Assassin's Creed Fans,We know and aknowledge how much you have been wanting the Assassins creed games to be more challenging, with more versatile combat and less counter kill repetition. Loyal Consumers, we have your salvation! It comes with a twist. Intead of changing gameplay mechanics to aid with your requests, we have strived to challenge you in a new way. What makes Unity more challenging than other Assassin's creed games is how in the heat of battle against low level enemies, they still provide challenge due to the fact that you are constantly treading through a thick swamp of glitches and framerate drops to below 10 fps. The camera angle will almost never show your Assassin and you will always be in the dark when fighting those evil templars. How does that sound for a challenge? We hope that you will enjoy Unity with as much enthusiasm and dedication as we put fourth into optimizing it.Love,Ubisoft MontrealEDIT: The recent updates HAVE IMPROVED the quality of the game bit it is still far from where it needs to be. Just ran into a glitch that required me to reatart the game and i felt that this edit was necessary."
,Not Recommended,289650,12908682,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Heavenly Controller,"This game is fun...when it works. Which is like 10% of the time. First of all, unless your computer is optimus prime in disguise, this game will drop frames like a mother. I have a GTX 750ti with 2GB RAM and it runs around 25-30fps on low settings, SMH.Honeslty most of the issues with this game I feel can be fixed with updates, but until then, i wouldn't reccomend this game. I've played all of the Assassin's Creed games, and this game by far is the least optimized and has the most bugs.I love this game, and want it to work so bad!As for co-op, it's fun, but same problems, bugs, sometimes game breaking bugs.The game's difficulty spike is tremendous, which i like, encouraging people not to simply run in rambo style, but sometimes seems harder than it needs to be. I typically die in one hit from a great axe, or two shots in the back from running away by an AI with perfect accuracy.The story isn't bad, but it's nothing groundbreaking, I was honestly not really paying attention, I was too distracted by the weird♥♥♥♥♥hair physics and inconsistent textures.Overall the game honestly feels rushed. I would've rather played Rogue this year and waited for AC Unity next year working optimally. It would have been well worth it. But the way it is now, if a patch isn't good enough to fix it, this is a waste of a title. I love Assassin's Creed. And I really want to love this game. I'm trying my hardest. But I can't lie when i say this game is broken, almost to the point of unplayable, and unless your a hardcore AC fan, you WILL NOT tolerate this game. You should be fine if you have a supercomputer, but that won't eliminate the bugs...Yeah, in my utmost honesty, being the dedicated AC fan that  I am, as much as I hate to say it: F*ck this game, buy Shadow of Mordor instead. It's basically the same game, except it works."
,Not Recommended,289650,12931406,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Knugen,"I do not recommend.First off, the useless optimization, its just like Watch Dogs.Bad FPS on a decent computer and not possible to use AA.And now gameplay.Everything has been simplified, which is not positive for me.For example, climbing now is TOO easy, you just hold W+Shift+Spacebar and then you can climb any building in the game, without thinking ""how am im going to get up here?""And they have entierly removed the option to carry and push bodies around, which I hate since it removes stealth possibillites.And then also the notoriety seems to be removed, instead you are always ""little known"" for the guards, you just stand close to them, they will eventually kill you. Which is very simplified and boring.And to add with the climbing, since there is douzands of ways to get up a building now, its actually hard to get the guy where you want him to go.The HUD for guards detecting you looks very ugly, a square 3D box that is ""filling"" up now, it is unfitting for the gamestyle and sometimes hard to see how much filled it is.And another big bad part is the microtransactions. Its now possible to buy yourself into the highest gears within minutes now, for real money of corse.Another simplification is that you can now access and buy new gear/clothes anywhere, its in the ESC menu now, not in shops.Another gameplay related thing I think is stupid is the fact that the Eagle Vision has some kind of short timer and a reload now, you cannot choose when to use it entierly.And same goes for tossing coins, very bad implemented now.It uses the coins as ""ammo"" so you dont take it from the currency you have, its simply ammo like arrows or smoke now, so you can use it limited times then you have to refill it at a consumable shop.It also has a 20 second long reload timer after every time you toss the coins, which I hate VERY much.And also, the non existent ""weapon wheel"" is totally useless. ONLY way to get through weapons/gadgets now is 123456789 keys, no scroll, no button to hold to get the wheel up, which dissapointed me alot.Whistle? Gone.You cannot attract guards while in a hiding spot in any way now. You can only hope they will magically go to the haystack and ""happens"" to look into it for no reason.Combat system drastically changed now, and I dont find it particuarly positive.While going full on attack on a guard, another one can attack you from behind instead of the ""what-now-waiting""That is good.But I still find the fights alot slower and boring to engage in now really.Guards can no longer climb at all, so its VERY easy to get away from guards, way too easy really.Now I have only written down bad things, because... I am that type of guy that complains alot, but its still all fact.I know this is not really the kind of review people may want, but I really focus more on the little stuff that is bad with this game.I also wrote all this meanwhile playing, so hence the un-formated sections."
76561198057575998,Recommended,289650,28247763,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Pandelis,"Before anything else in Unity, do yourself a favour and set the spoken language to French. I guarantee you, there isnothingmore annoying than sitting through a conversation between French aristocrats at Versailles, performed in cockney English – it is just intolerable. Even if you don’t speak a word of French, set the language to French and enable subtitles. The game isat leasttwice as immersive in French as it is in English.Besides that, Unity is the game that could. Itcouldhave been the best in the series. Itcouldhave been a smooth experience. The technology is there. The visuals are there. The gameplay is there. The difficulty is, for the first time in this series, there. Unity takes place in an absolutely stunning rendition of revolutionary Paris. There are crowds shouting in the streets, burning furniture and books, there are people going about with heads on pikes after beheadings.  Guards are smarter and more lethal and for the first time in the series you mayactually diefrom combat with enemies. You can also move better, more precisely and actually go and land where you want to.The Nostradamus enigmas are absolutely enjoyable and give a high feeling of reward once you solve them – if you resist the stupidity of looking them up on the internet. The same applies to the murder mysteries – absolutely enjoyable if you play them straight. The main storyline is solid and has a good pace, though it can’t compete with the likes of AC II or Black Flag.So why isn’t this the best AC ever? Basically, there is too much extra content and too much online focus. Too many weapons. Too many outfits. Too many co-op missions that need to be grinded again and again to unlock the aforementioned too many items. There are too many pickpockets on the streets of Paris and you get too many prompts to chase them down. Mind you that I played version 1.5 where these things are milder than the original release. However, the fact that even after 5 patches there are still some npc’s floating in the air above their market stalls is simply unacceptable.The Dead Kings add-on is ok but really – it adds nothing to your experience other than a grenade launcher and some more hours of mercilessly assassinating thugs.All in all though – you simply have to play Unity – because for all it’s little annoyances it is still an absolutely visually stunning game, with great gameplay, interesting characters and set in an interesting setting. Just as long as you do it in French…."
76561198085304498,Not Recommended,289650,13247502,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Hamhammer,Fixes microtransactions before framerate drops 10/10 -ign
76561198065510957,Not Recommended,289650,12912628,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Mozzia,"So there's a lot of reviews about how horrible this port is and how bad the frame rate is and I'm not sure what the deal is but I don't get that at all.  I'm running an i7 3770 @3.40 GHz, i've got 16 gigs of ram, windows 8.1, and an Nvidia GTX770 with 4 gigs of vram.  It doesn't seem like a better system than some of the ones reviewing and yet I get a constant high frame rate with absolutely no video problems even in huge crowds.  I also never had problems with Watch Dogs and everyone was complaining about that game too.  All that being said this game is SUPER buggy.  I haven't had any crashes, but the NPCs and the parkour are both very buggy.  An even bigger issue though is the one that's not a bug it's a feature, and that's the absolute SH** stealth system.  The cover mechanic is just awful.  He can't get behind everything only somethings, he takes forever to get in and out of cover, the cover toggle button is space and so it's also about a million other things, there is no button to go around corners in cover, and the cover switching mechanic may as well be broken it's pretty much impossible to use.  Also if AC wants to be a stealth game they need one simple mechanic: quick save and load.  Without that it is just simply infuriating to try and play this stealthily, but the combat is tougher now and enemies can one-shot you so you are still forced to play stealth even though it is just absolutly horrible to do.  This is a first attempt in this series at stealth but with a publisher catalouge that includes splinter cell this should have been way better.  My hope is that Ubi will release a patch to fix all of this but I know that that is very unlikely.Also, this is a pay-to-play, pay-to-win game.  That's right, Ubisoft just charged you 60 dollars for a game that they also want you to buy items in with real money.  Here's the pricing of the weapons in game:-$250 (I know they aren't dollars but dont tell me to look up that symbol)-$1000-$2500You might be thinking well these all sound managable and they are but here's where the price jumps to a minimum of:-$125,000If you ever wanted to think about owning that last weapon (which is super powerful of course) Ubi offers microtransactions of up to $100 USD.  This is unnaceptable and just an awful business practice.The only reason I would tell you to buy this game now is if you have a very good PC and enjoy the free roaming the most in AC games.  The city is huge and beaitiful and varied, and the parkour system, while buggy and more unrealistic, is fun and fluid for this new city.  If that's all you care about buy this game now, but if you want to play the story and don't really care about exploring than I think maybe your best bet is to wait either for a patch or for Rogue.Overall I wish they had delayed this game a whole hell of a lot more than 2 weeks.  Another year's polish would have done this game very well but this is Ubisoft we're talking about and that didn't happen and this game probably won't even get patched.UPDATE: The patch corrupted my save game, deleting about 20 hours of gameplay.  Not sure I can motivate to try again.  Highly recommend backing up your saves.  Screw this game."
76561198023208567,Not Recommended,289650,12908424,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SHRN Bowmaster,"EDIT 2 (11/18/14) I tested it with offline mode on for Uplay, framerate drops and glitches are still present, but not near the scale when I am online. I would still not reccomend the game, simply because this is still late alpha or early Beta level preformance at best. Another note here is a portion of the issue could be attributed to NPCs. Ubisoft really put a boat load of NPCs in this game, tons more than an Assassin's creed game has ever had. While it does add to the atmosphere it seems to cause framerate drop when running through a crowd of 1000 people screaming and burning stuff (go figure...)EDIT: (11/18/14) Two patches in now and I am still seeing very minimal changes to the major issues that are in this game, framerate drops are still extremely common and present. Lighting remains an issue on certain settings (including one glitch where all lighting became bright white pixelated blocks that when looked at would make everything disappear from buildings to your character). Some people have attributed it to Ubisoft Online and reccomended that turning off the overlay and playing in offline mode will help with the framerate drop, I personally have not tested this, but in the past Online modes for Ubisoft games have given me trouble, but not on this scale. Other major issues are still prevalent, such as characters falling through the map (granted one of the ""patches"" stated it resolved this issue)Edit: In the comments some troll (steam level 1, with an account that has no games listed...) told me that the game was just glitchy, not unplayable and that I shouldn't be pitching a fit about this. He also stated that his PC with a 660 was better than mine and I should work on my PC. I won't disagree that I should upgrade my PC some, maybe buy 3 980s and SLI them....But anyways here is my build, since it is relevant to the quality of gameplayGeforce GTX 770, Geforce GTX 770, Intel Core i5-670k CPU @ 3.40GHz, 8GB ram (7.93 usable)Having played 8 hours of this game I think I have come to a solid conclusion. Don't waste 60 fraking bucks on it. Ubisoft has apparently determined that their customers are completely unimportant and released an utterly hideous game.While yes, the gameplay remains loyal to the Assassin's creed style, which I appreciate, and the player customization does offer some interesting styles in which to play. The issues with the game simply outweigh the good...Graphics: Normally I wouldn't be so judgemental on graphics, but even on Ultra High graphics, I felt like I was playing a 6+ year old game, the game does an utterly terrible job rendering anything more than a few (ingame) city blocks away...To a point a cathedral such as the notre dame looks like it was built in Minecraft, it has no detail at distance at all. Simply flat blurry walls. It's terrifying. There are numerous glitches, I've seen guards fall out of the sky, fall through the map, fly around. The framerate jobs are random and extremely game breaking, try playing a freerunning game at 60 fps then drop it down to 5 for a few seconds, you wind up facing the wrong direction, falling of stuff, and just generally dying. The graphics here, even on the highest setting, look like Call of Duty 4. And that may be insulting Call of Duty 4. I took some screenshots, If you want to see em they are on my profile.Gameplay: It's still Assassin's creed, solid combat (not as fun as past ones combat wise), interesting customization options, ways to make your own gear unique to you and your style.Story: I can't decide yet, aspects of it have clear plotholes, and really strange ones at that. Ones that I can assure you will never be addressed.Honestly If i could ask for a refund, I would. Without hesitation. Maybe in a few weeks once (if) ubisoft starts rolling out patches for the games numerous issues it will be fun to play. But i doubt they will. Especially for us PC gamers. Even the console gamers have had issues...Which says how seriously FUBARed this game is.Save your money, Go elsewhere."
76561198042263702,Not Recommended,289650,12913713,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Brahmin Herder,"The PC version isn't worth 60 USD at all. Very laggy, poor fps and some glitches. I haven't encountered any terrible glitches that break the game, but there is the occasional glitch or two, like heads flying through the air or civilians floating into space like team Rocket. My main problem is that it is poorly optimized for pc (I use an AMD graphics card, I know it was optimized for Envida but it shouldn't preform this bad.) I can run most games like Planet Side 2 and Bf4 on ultra settings, so I was disappointed I couldn't run this on anything higher than medium."
,Not Recommended,289650,12885995,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zoraldo | Archer,"This is a performance review NOT GAMEPLAY REVIEW.As of launch:Lacking many graphics optionsTerible FPS on very high end PCsGiant FPS drops all the time in open worldTerrible FPS during many cut scenes (I go down to 15 at some points)Crashes*NEW* Borderless-Window Mode does not workMouse acceleration (Not able to turn this off)Mouse is very laggy on menus (Its a mix of FPS problems and Mouse Acceleration)Game freezes alot at random in open worldSound cuts out somtimes (happens during interaction or walking into a building)Interacting with NPCs bugs out (Somtimes the animations twitch around)Poor texture rendering (Textures pop infront of you)Item rendering poping (You can see chairs pop infront of you and other props)NPCs face won't render right ""I have not had this but some people are having it""Coop also does not work.-Launching the game with fraps will have you in offline mode. This has been a problem with most Uplay games.NEW* SLI is now broken with the latest patch. When you are using sli most water and other textures constantly flicker.Settings That the Game has:Vsync (Only has on/off)Refresh Rate (Mine goes up to 144hz)ResolutionEnviorment QualityTexture QualityShadow QualityAmbient OcclusionAnti-Aliasing Auality (FXAA, MSAA 2x-8x, TXAA)Bloom(This is lacking many settings needed for PC)If you are having problems that are not listed please comment letting me know, I try to reply to all of them.Note as I have stated MANY TIMES: This game should not need this much GPU power to run it. It is a bad port. Stop saying ""You need to upgrade"" I don't.Also I am now able to run the game at 45-60, I have Overclocked my GPU now.BTW Turn off AA, giant performance problems from it.Also my specs:GTX 78016 gigs rami7-4790k CPU overclocked"
,Not Recommended,289650,12906698,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Reed,"The game itself is great! But I maxed out the game on my GTX 780 and got a max of 2 fps. 2 FPS. ON A 780. no excuse for this.UPDATE: With recent patches, I can now max it out at about 20 fps average. Still has crazy dips though. And for anyone saying its my PC, its about a $1400 build. FX-8350 Water cooled / GTX 780 / 16GB high speed RAM / ASUS 990 FX R2.0 MOBO and I take great care of it. I ran Ryse: Son Of Rome at an average of 35 fps maxed out with supersampling on. It can handle rough games."
45678912311111111,Not Recommended,289650,13750680,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dramamine,It's like clicking through a Powerpoint really fast
76561198041310329,Not Recommended,289650,12908232,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,-5D- The Law,"Do not buy this game!!! Doesn't have only CONS BUT THERE ARE MORE CONS THEN PROSFIRST WATCH THESE SO YOU CAN GET A FEEL OF WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uO2Bbw15lVAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdJ9dHZR4qwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4EUSTSiDmAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKs8ug5Zc6ITERRIBLE GAME FOR THESE REASONS:-COOP DOES NOT WORK!-MASSIVE FPS DROPS!-THE ASSASSIN PARCOUR IS TERRIBLE-AI IS COMPLETELY OUT OF THEIR MIND AND WILL FREEZE CONSTANTLY MIDDLE BATTLE-GAME FREEZES CONSTANTLY TOO!! IN SOME SECTIONS YOU LOOSE SO MANY FPS THE GAME WILL STOP WORKING!!!-IN CINEMATICS I FEEL LIKE I AM PLAYING MINECRAFT, THE GRAPHICS DROP EVEN MORE IN CINEMATICS!?!-DID I MENTIONED:-----COOP DOES NOT WORK!--------------COOP DOES NOT WORK!--------------COOP DOES NOT WORK!--------------COOP DOES NOT WORK!--------------COOP DOES NOT WORK!--------------COOP DOES NOT WORK!--------------COOP DOES NOT WORK!--------------COOP DOES NOT WORK!--------------COOP DOES NOT WORK!---------THIS WAS THE MAIN THING, THE MAIN ATTRACTION THE STORY LINE AND GAME ARE PRACTICALLY THE SAME AS THE PREVIOUS AC THIS WAS THE INNOVATION AND DOES NOT WORK!!!!EVEN ON A HIGH END PC IT DOES NOT WORK!!MY SPECS:I 7 4770INVIDIA 78032 GB RAMASUS SABERTHOOTULTRA CUSTOMIZED LIQUID COOLING ON VIDEO CARD AND PROCESSOR + 8 FANSTHIS IS MORE THAN ENOUGH TO PLAY THIS GAME, BUT APPERENTLY NOT!PROS:THE CHANGED A FEW THINGS HERE AND THERE WITH CUSTOMIZATIONSTHE OVERALL CONCEPT I GUESS IS OKNOTHING ELSE! TERRIBLE GAME!! COMPLETELY RUINED MY AC EXPERIENCE!!"
,Not Recommended,289650,12896301,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Pyroscout,"Constantly falling though the ground and bad framerate with many bugs.Update: ACU.exe has stopped working. Used to happen occaionally. Since the update, I can't even load the game even after I did a full reinstall... still doesn't work. Its bad enough that the game has♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of bugs but now i can't even play the buggy game that I payed for. I really hope some sort of compensation is given out for this incompetence."
,Not Recommended,289650,13597282,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The D Man,"Im a hardcore fan of the AC series and was skeptical to believe all the negative reviews. So let me just say that I HATE THIS GAME! Let me tell you what you are getting when you purchase Assassins Creed Unity. You will get a reskinned Assassins Creed 1 game, down to just having one hidden blade and no horses in the whole of Paris. Let me repeat myself NOT A ♥♥♥♥ING HORSE IN SUCKING SIGHT. The parkour feels like it has devovled from the pass AC games. Why the hell cant I jump from one wall to another? Is that yet anoter skill I have to buy with one of four in game currencies. Haha, Customization is cool in a game but Ubisoft went way over board with this one. But thats not the most annoying thing in  the game aside from the most abisomal controls you will ever have the delight of dealing with. Sometimes I think the game is playing itself. But back to the most annoying part of ths abomonation of a videogame is that every bad guy has a gun and they leave you with no way what-so-ever to dodge or block bullets. So each shot is a guarantee hit unless you run behind a wall or in a crowd of Parisians in which the guards will shoot most citizens point blank. Really Ubisoft? Really? You couldnt have tightened the AI a bit so the soldiers dont shoot the citizens.I can imagine how this game was made. Someone at Ubisoft was given a ridiculous deadline in which to finish the new AC game. Naturally they have run out of story ideas, so the genious decides hey why not semi reboot the series with the game mechanics of AC 1 and the story of AC 2 and shoe horn in some Muliplayer? Well since the higher ups think their fan base are dumb sheep who will eat anything with theAC branding on it up with a spoon and decide its the best idea in the whle wide world. Unfortunately they negleted to over look the fact that one of the main reasons their customer base plays these games is for the historical experience and in fact we(the fan base) are quite intelligent. SO naturally the fan base beigin revolting like the French citizens in their game and suddenly everything comes to light..... Ubisoft is Abstergo and in fact trying to sabotage the Assassins by putting out incompitent videogames like ones that take place in Paris but regardless the people have perfect victorian age accents, they even go as far as having different accents from the UK such as Scottish and North Irish. I mean if thats not a slap to the face. I mean come on UBISOFT I know Canada Still pays tribute to the queen but this was just tasteless. I sincerely hope the team that made this garbage. Lets just say if this game was a crepe nobody would eat it."
76561197982270391,Not Recommended,289650,12919357,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,DethPhist,"Poor optimisation really kills this game.  Load times are absolutely horrendous, even when loading from an SSD, and the terrible framerate during cutscenes is annoying to say the least.  All this seems unacceptable when the game seems to be so much smaller in scope than previous entries in the series.  That and the step away from many of the underlying story ideas that have tied all the Assassin's Creed games together so far.  Why the new ""helix"" system?  What was wrong with just calling it the Animus still?It looks gorgeous, don't get me wrong, and the motion capture work is pretty much second to none so far, but the experience itself is held back by the negatives.  In hindsight, I should have waited to purchase until later, after some patches came around to fix it up, and maybe when cheaper on sale.  Too late now, though."
76561198068475534,Not Recommended,289650,12969261,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mr. Rogers,"Finish your ♥♥♥♥ing game before you release it.I'm not mad.Just disappointed.I spent my birthday money on this game......EDIT:It's Christmas break, and I decided to try this game again after the release of patch 4, which was supposed to fix many issues with the game.Now, my game won't start. It tries to load the main menu and freezes. I had to restart my computer, task manager wouldn't even open.A reminder, friends, for the holidays. Do not buy Ubisoft games at full price(or at all). Don't preorder these games, because they will push it out the door early as an unfinished and unoptimized piece of trash due to demand. Do not let Ubisoft keep ♥♥♥♥ing us over."
,Not Recommended,289650,12918679,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Floopy Goober,UNFINISHED GAME! lots of glitches and very bad frame rate....i can play AS Black Flag on ultra settings with 1080p but i literally get 10 FPS on low settings on this game. there is something wrong with that! i cant even play the first mission because the frame rate is so bad.
76561198060937208,Not Recommended,289650,13558665,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SauceySauce,this is the only game i have ever played in which the main menu is laggier than the game itself
76561198020824337,Not Recommended,289650,12917682,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,greg_ritter,"This is just unacceptable. Game is stuttering constantly, I walk through walls and ground, clothes are going crazy during every cutscene, combat is impossible with all these FPS drops.Game has microtransactions (!!!) and not one, but two services to log into - app and Initiates.It was advertsied on store page that the game will have all the languages - but no. For me French and Russian are the only accesible languages, and subtitles and interface can be in Russian ONLY. When I bought the game, there was no plaque about game only available in russian. ALL languages were promised to be accesible.This is the last straw. This is trully a failed release. Game is near unplayable.This should cost Ubi their money and reputation."
,Not Recommended,289650,12895562,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Shulgin's Potion,ACU.EXE has crashed.10/10.
,Not Recommended,289650,12930792,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,King.Mash,"I'm a HUGE assassins creed fan. Like mid night launch to all of the games fan. This one I did pre-order stayed up till 12 to play, yes it has a 37.7 GB install but that is what these next gen games are coming too so I wasn't mad at all about that. Get in the game start playing soild 30-40 fps (not 60 like on black flag but playable.) started it up everything was going fine.. Or so I thought.I unlockled something in the player store and when I got to check it out my game freezes. I sigh but then remember, hey this game is only a couple hours old give it a break. So I did painly closing out of my game and the mission I was in. I go on again and try to do it again and same thing. This happen about 5-6 times, to the point where I had to uninstall it and re-install it in hoping that it would fix the problem but it didn't. I would say oh this is playable but to be honest its not.I'm trying to get my friends into Assassin's Creed I show them this, and they laugh come on ubisoft.And people say ""oh when they fix the game I'm going to remove my review"" but I'm keeping this up just because they fix it doesnt mean we forget how they presented it to us. Those first impersitions make a mark."
76561197996404287,Not Recommended,289650,12931310,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,rothabilly,Ubisoft can join the ranks of EA I suppose.
76561198060475685,Not Recommended,289650,12890640,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Watermelon,Assassin: UbisoftTarget: Your WalletMethod: Over HypingAssassination Successful.
76561198003041842,Not Recommended,289650,12907672,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Casey Veggies,"Game seems to be fun but the FPS really kills it for me and I have rather strong rig to boot. FPS average 30-40 indoors and 20 FPS outdoors in a crowd. Im rendering at 2560 x 1600 with textures at Ultra, HBAO+, 4x MSAA. I cant recommend this game until Ubisoft fixes the pretty obvious bugs with this game.System Spec'sCore i7 3930K @ 3.8GHz16GB 2133MHz RAM256GB EVO PRO SSD2 GTX 780 in SLI water cooled OC to 1200MHz1500w PSUGeForce 344.65 drivers installed"
76561198077898696,Not Recommended,289650,13452598,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Slurpee12,"I've been a huge fan of this series from the very first game.  After extreme satisfaction from Black Flag, I couldn't wait to get my hands on this game, especially since it's set during the French Revolution.  However, I am extremely disappointed in this game.  I don't even think this was optimized, as I am well above the recommended specs but I cannot play on normal graphics settings without my fps dipping well below 30 FPS.Melee combat has been nerfed on an extrodinary scale.  This can be a good thing or bad thing depending how you liked the melee in the past games.  I for one am not a fan of dying to 4 enemies.  Oh, they also got rid of using people as a body shield when enemies are about to fire, lovely isn't it?I'm not a fan of how co-op was forced upon us.  You are forced to play co-op missions in order to get 5 star armor.  Most people playing co-op have absolutely no care for stealth and will just run into the mission guns ablazing.  I could expect this, but co-op should not be forced on us.The parkour in this series has always frustrated me, no matter what.  I thought they were getting better with it in Black Flag, but this game has taken 2 steps backwards.  It seems like they've tried to get too cute with the parkour and now it's no longer flowing.  There's countless times where Arno will just stay hanging from a ledge because I do not press the ""free run up"" button.  Entering through windows is extremely buggy.  Most of the time Arno will climb around the open window instead of actually climbing in it.On top of all this, Ubisoft has decided to add microtransactions in game.  This utterly disgusts me, and the fact that there are 3 different currencies in this game is just plain ridiculous.Overall, this game feels like an Alpha release, and I cannot recommend this game whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,289650,12920189,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[BWC] ByroniusMonk,"This was the last time I pre-order a Ubisoft game.  Assasin's Creed: Unity is not finished.  The performace issues are epic and although some folks seem to be able to play the game, many, many others including myself can not.My system is in somewhere inbetween the Minimum and Recommended specs, so if I had to turn the graphics down to medium or even low, I wouldn't complain much.  Sure, the system requirements seem high for the visual fidelity  that the game delivers, but that's forgivable.But Assasin's Creed: Unity is a mess.  The game performs poorly on all graphical settings, suggesting that the problem isn't simply graphical horsepower.  Many gameplay sessions end with the character stuck halfway into the floor.  Crashes are frequent.  Frame rates regularly range between 10 and 20 FPS, especially if there's a lot of hair or cloth on the screen.  Most maddeningly, every few seconds the gameplay will hesitate for a fraction of a second.  When if catches up, it assumes that your mouse must have been moving at the same rate it was when it hiccuped which usually results in a sharp spin of the camera.  In AC:U, that means that your character suddenly changes direction, often running off a roof, into a cart, or turning your back to an enemy.  This bug in particular has rendered the game completely unplayable for me.As a long time fan of the series, I find this extremely disappointing.  Many folks wonder how this could have happened and wonder if Ubisoft even has a QA Tesing department at all.  To this, I would speculate that they do in fact have competent tester and that those developer's opinions and warnings were ignored by Ubisoft management who just had to have the game released this quarter so that their earnings statement would be positive.  Screw long term company reputation and screw the customers.  It's worked for EA, so why can't it work for Ubisoft?While that last bit is all speculation, the summary of the game and its performance issues is not.  Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,289650,12963475,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Logan,"I beat the game, and wrote a pretty popular review on Black Flag. I also work in QA, and love AC, and Ubisoft which I have a couple friends at.That being said, I would like to explain in detail and reason, as to why I would not recommend this game.Yes the game is filled with performance issues, that I would like to believe Ubisoft would be able to fix with time, at current the game is barely playable, it does not run at the framerate it should and staggers a lot on any graphical setting, plus has rendering issues.But the main arguments is how different this game feels from the rest of the series.Eagle Eye.On Black Flag and previous titles, Eagle Eye worked as a Stealth Tool, you could not RUN while it was activated and it highlighted things for you for a short period of time.This time, Eagle Eye can be activated while running, and even mid combat, how ever it has a Cooldown. Which is a bit off putting. Specially when the highlight colors for Eagle Eye on Unity is also the brightest shade of RED and YELLOW I have ever seen. It actually bothers having highlighted targets during Combat, which occasionaly it may occur.Combat.The Combat in AC Series used to kinda fit the series. Everyone in Assassin's Creed regardless of how nuts, powerful, skillful or influential is a human. Which means they can be killed by Blades and Daggers. So it was awesome and pretty iconic to stop a Super Villain's monologue mid sentence with Hidden Blades from Above. How ever now, there is even a QTE Fight against a guy, and the use of an Eden Artifact as an excuse to ""Do it again three times"" typical video game ness. Even Jobbers in Unity have way more health, and cannot be killed with a single Counter, which again made sense since it's a bunch of guards fighting an ASSASSIN, and you could up the challenge a bit by adding tons of guards that you had to time each counter to.Assassin's Creed is a cinematic experience, I do not want to fight some random guards for precious minutes cause they somehow are able to Tank an Assassin.Equipment.Another thing about this game, you could always get different gear and stuff, some with stats too. But you never REQUIRED to upgrade your stuff. I beat most of Black Flag with default gear cause they looked neat, and felt part of the character. This time how ever it is a huge challenge to beat the game with default gear ""Which I did, cause the rest looked ugly"" since there's an RPG element to the game, where you have a ""Level"" for your character and each Jobber and missions too. And how ever you are able to play the missions they simply have more health, or you perhaps are not ""As Stealthy"" cause your ""Stealth Stats"" were not high enough.Stealth.And stealth also has it's issues, they made a lot of things look and feel different, even the Blending on groups of civs has a different type of visual to it, and is not as effective if you do not have enough ""Stealth Stats"" from your gear. Still works till the end of the game, but it's clearly dependent of these upgrades.City.The City is amazing, is the one part of this game that needs proper credit. The amount of NPCs on the screen is ridiculous. And gives the city an incredible detail and Life. The Revolution is displayed very well too.Co Op.I have not yet been able to try Co Op much since friends were not able to play or playing on PS4.But as far as I see you have some neat options for creating your own Club, and having challenges, objectives. Form your own Creed. And meet other Assassins. There are a few options for different types of activities for your Co Op friends. And exploring the city with friends sounds amazing.Story.The story is pretty interesting, I don't see major flaws with it aside from not explaining the Eden Artifact used on this game AT ALL. Characters are pretty interesting, but they are barely used as to their extent.Overall, there are a lot of glitches, lack of the Hidden Blade rendering during ingame cutscenes that shows the character stabbing a dude, even tents that have 100% visibility through it getting guards to detect you through it. Lot's of QA issues, and for what ever reason they decided to mess with a bunch of mechanics that already worked in the first place. Eagle Eye, Stealth, Combat. I feel like people ♥♥♥♥♥ed at how easy it was to fight in previous AC games and they tried to please those dudes, but Combat always made SENSE and it was cinematic.I also believe this game might be pretty ""Skipable"", in terms of what it adds to the overall plot and the characters on it."
,Not Recommended,289650,12947627,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tired Guy,"Spent 16 hours on a solid 30fps on low, Finished the game.Update comes out, Wipes my save10/10 would waste time again."
,Not Recommended,289650,12943644,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,P1RAT3 -∀∀-,"tl;dr - Another over-hyped, rushed, unplayable piece of trash. The developers should be embarassed.Pros:- Assassin's Creed, ish.- Frenchies lel- Co-Op- Nifty companion app- Customization..ishCons:- Once, I took a sh*t on a piece of paper, just to see what it would look like; and, I don't like to brag, but... I basically created the storyboard of this game.- Get drunk and do parkour IRL, while shouting MON DIEU, that's the controls for the ""improved"" parkour in this game.- Smash your face on a keyboard repetitively, that's the combat.- Stick your d*ck in an ethernet cable socket, that's the UPlay connection (and it probably works better js).- Make the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ face you can imagine, then literally pull your facial skin off your body, there's the ""next-gen"" expressions and fun bugs.- Pretend to be jesus, walk on air over the river, more parkour bugs.- Have fun, jk it crashed again.- Take a knife, and stab a frog from Turok: Evolution, that's the sh*tty overdone gore that gets on your outfit (or theirs) from being hit once.- Spyro has better textures than the weapon previews in the customization menu.- AND draw distance for that matter ^- Run headfirst into a wall repeatedly to emulate getting stuck in this game.- Fall straight through a building after fast traveling to die and respawn at the exact same place.- Stick your pinky in a blender, simulate the smashing of shift key because there is no faster running, just pressing hardeRRR.- Play a Perfect World run game, spend money on microtransactions that are forced into your rectal and retinal area, and you basically get this game's immersion-breaking greedfest.Wik:How did this game even make it through QA??? Did you even QA test it? Like seriously what the ♥♥♥♥ those are REALLY obvious failures. As developers and publishers, do yourself a favor and just sell the rights of AC to EA next time, this was a ♥♥♥♥ing embarassment to your company.Also wik:I swear to god if DA: Inquisition is this much of a ♥♥♥♥-up on release I will hire real Assassins (or Inquisitors) to burn both Bioware's and your studio down. [EDIT: Meant to add Bioware in there, was too busy sh*tting bricks at this f*cking game]"
,Not Recommended,289650,12934483,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Boruto's Dad's Wife,"High, Medium or Low settings. 1366x768, 800x600 or whatever resolution. I get 10fps. 1/10Bug Simulator 2014"
,Not Recommended,289650,12915857,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Sebastian Soybean,HOLY Ff#@ this game isnt optimized. DO NOT BUY IT AT THIS POINT. check my screens if you wanna know what i mean.
,Not Recommended,289650,12909121,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Onionfey,"Game is fun when its playable. But its plagued with constant slow down and choppy frame rate at times for no aparent reason, even on the lowest settings and my upper end rig. A lot of it you can ignore but it hits hardest when precision timing is needed when climbing or fighting and just straight kills the experience. Not to mention the online is so laggy and unreliable  that when combined with the frame rate and pop up bugs, its pretty much unplayable (when you can join a game at all).Ubisoft should be ashamed for releasing a game in this state, but I know they aren't, because they already have our money.There is also a portion of the game locked behind a ""Companion app"" that forces you to to DL an app on your ipod/phone/android in order to experience the content, but its also bugged as hell with frequent progress loss and such, not to mention people without an ipod/phone are SOL and miss out on that part of the game completely.If all that weren't enough even more content is locked behind an ""intiate"" system that requires you to go to their website and sign up and half of that is still in closed alpha and inaccessible/buggy.And if all THAT weren't enough the game also has a bloody real cash shop with Day One DLC.Good God its like Ubisoft was so sure this game would be successful they looked up all the ""Do nots of game creation"" and said, I bet we can be the ones to make this work and we'll get even richer.But I digress...IMO there is a solid game -some where- behind all that mess, so I say wait before you get this game, cause it needs a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of patching."
,Not Recommended,289650,12977870,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Swagner,"So, I took a chance. I know the reviews were pretty terrible, but I thought, ""I'm sure they didnt mess it up this bad."" I was wrong. I can't believe they released this game. It's like the developers didn't even play it before putting it on the market. And if they did, then they have very low standards. The game is almost unplayable. It constantly crashes, deletes saved content, and the amount of bugs and gllitches are too many to count. You are the WORST ubisoft.EDIT: Downloaded the 1.4 patch hoping it would be the saving grace for this game. Unfortunately, the patch breaks sli. There is major texture flicker. This means I can only play the game with one of my video cards. This is a shame. I was looking forward to playing this again."
76561198035366545,Not Recommended,289650,12907760,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Chrissy,"The game overall is not too bad since the graphic detail and animations are absolutely amazing--that being said if you plan to play this game on a PC you better meet Recommended (not minimum) System Requirements. If you do not have the recommended requirements, your frame rate will be tanking the entire time you're playing (around 15 to 40 fps MAX).On another note, the campaign missions seem rather dull and no longer has me interested in finishing the rest of the game (the beginning missions before Arno became an Assassin were fine). The concepts behind the missions just aren't very appealing. The co-op mode, which was LONG overdue since the introduction of multiplayer in Assassin's Creed was finally delivered in Unity--but was not executed outstandingly. Although it is rather intriguing to see fellow Assassin's air-assassinate into the battle to assist you, the repetitiveness of the co-op missions gets overwhelming with the same formula of kill, investigate, steal, and other mindless objectives. Moving onto combat, I have no idea what happened but the combat in Unity just seems ridiculously difficult. You can slash all day but that enemy will NOT die unless you attack him at least 6-12 times. (Edit: I have finally figured out how to kill enemies faster, but that was only after upgrading the sword so you can actually do damage. Good luck getting enough money since the game is really stingy when providing means of income. The only way I got enough money was to grind the ""It Belongs in a Museum"" Heist which rewards you with $25,000-$70,000. You won't make enough money otherwise...) Meanwhile you have other enemies surrounding you to deal with, some which will shoot at you and most likely take 1/2 to 2/3 of your health away if the bullet hits you (maybe I missed a tutorial about meat shielding like the other games?? I don't know. As far as I know there's basically no effective way to not get shot and killed since you get stuck in kill animations). Furthermore, I personally do not approve of the new eagle vision that has a 10 or so second cooldown and only reveals targets for a FEW SECONDS (the minimap also doesn't tell you any information about enemies anymore unless they are revealed through eagle vision--this makes stealth much harder since you have to toggle eagle vision on and off constantly otherwise you have no clue where the enemies are on the minimap). On the plus side, the new eagle vision reveals EVERYONE within a certain radius from you, whether or not you directly look at them or they are hidden behind solid walls.Overall, Assassin's Creed Unity seems to have lots of potential to keep the player entertained through the amazing graphics and partially enjoyable co-op mode (only when you play 4 man with some IRL friends), I would not recommend this game unless you have a really high-end computer. Anything below the recommended specifications and you will find a hard time ""enjoying"" the game. However, if the day comes that the game is substantially better in optimization (as in 50-60 fps for decent computer builds) Unity may restore its honor.TL;DR Assassin's Creed Unity has great graphic detail, very poor optimization (consistently 15-40 fps), unforgiving combat system, a decent co-op mode that gets repetitive over time. Do not play on PC unless you have a top-tier graphics card and CPU."
76561198005091608,Not Recommended,289650,12977228,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,[SK]-Shane,"This game was not made for Assassin's Creed fans, and on the rare occasions that it works as the developers intended, it is still dissapointing in both story and gameplay. The Uplay cloud save system deleted my game after 30 hours.Unity is absolutely deserving of all the criticism it is receiving for the dishonest tactic of placing the review embargo twelve hours after the release date. As the subsequent mixed reviews revealed, more than half of the content is inaccesible due to bugs. Co-op is broken and does not work. The matchmaking system does not work. Any attempt to join a multiplayer session locks up the game and I cannot even continue without quitting and restarting. The top tier of armor and weapons is inaccessible due to bugs with joining clubs and completing co-op missions. The ranking system is broken and tells me I am the highest ""Legend"" rank, and has told me so since 15% completion. The companion app is broken and does not work despite paying extra for the premium version. A significant number of the chests, money, collectibles, and equipment that are present in the single-player campaign require the use of the mobile app which does not work, leaving a large amount of clutter on the world map that cannot be hidden. They even managed to mess up the Initiates ranking and syncing, even though I painstakingly completed every Assassin's Creed game to 100% synchronization in preparation for this game. Also, all Initiates content in regards to Unity still says ""Coming Soon"" a week after release, be it daily challenges, map puzzles, Initiate missions, even sync percentage.None of the gameplay changes are for the better. Combat was changed to make it ""harder"" but all that means is that you will be shot dead through walls and crowds in an instant without warning. Animations are less fluid and realistic than in previous games. Arno can leap across 20 foot alleys and climb up blank walls in ways that make no sense to anyone who has played the previous games. The modern day storyline has been abandoned and the French revolutionary characters are less than weak and speak in London and Cockney accents. The ""crowd events"" consist of two varities: ""kill the criminal"" or ""tackle the thief"" and they are repeated every two to three minutes of gameplay. Another strange design choice are the frequent pop-ups to let you know you have unspent skill points (missions award two skill points but most skills cost five or eight skill points, so you will always have a leftover amount of skill points and wil be viewing this pop-up constantly) or a seperate pop-up to let you know that you have used your hidden blade. Speaking of the hidden blade, the ability to use your hidden blade has been limited and become purely contextual. You can only use it under certain QTE circumstances and you must be in complete stealth, otherwise you must use your sword if there is any combat involved.Paris looks amazing and I feel bad for the artists whose work has been rendered worthless by other departments' poor choices. My favorite moment of the game was experiencing an intentional glitch in the Animus that resulted in Arno being transported to 1944 occupied Paris, dodging tanks, machine gun fire, shooting down airplanes, and scaling an Eiffel tower adorned in Nazi flags. This was a main storyline segment and only temporary escape from the sad reality of the ""real"" game. Other than graphics (which must be expected of the most recent entry in a video game series) literally every single facet of the game is inferior to previous games. A first in the series are microtransactions in the single-player campaign. Uplay points are now awarded for purchasing and using ""boosts"" which make your character do more damage, make guards dumber, or make you earn more money. There are four types of currency now, three of which can be paid for with real money. You can unlock the fast-travel points around Paris for the single-player campaign by purchasing them in the in-game store. The game offers currency packs of up to $99. Fully upgrading your top-tier gear requires purchasing tens of thousands of ""Helix"" credits from this store, or can be earned 100 ""creed points"" at a time by completing the same two events over and over (requiring completing the same event 100 times to upgrade one item).When completing a main story mission, the game will crash to desktop just before hitting a save point. This happened to me three times within a two hour period. Are you a fan of the Assassin's Creed lore and universe? Well, forget about that business because this game doesn't bother with it. Who is Arno and why are we observing him? Who is the descendant whose DNA we are looking at through the Animus? What is Juno up to these days? Where are Shaun and Rebecca? (Shaun has a bit of dialogue but he's using a codename and we don't know why) If Elise is really a Templar then why is she just a generic helpless female love interest who doesn't actually have any importance on the story? Why are the Miles family and the Kenway family completely irrevelvant now? Why is Abstergo trying to ""access precursor DNA""? What is precursor DNA and how did we find a sample of it? What about the Apple of Eden and other precursor relics? What do the writers have against Les Miserables? Who are we playing as and why do we never even leave the Animus? Are we being held in an Abstergo facility and the Assassins are hacking into our brains? Who is the woman speaking to us, why is she important, and why have we never seen her before? Could they have used an actor we know from the previous games or was their fee too big? Was anyone involved with directing the story for this game aware of what the other Assassin's Creed games are about? Why did they decide that this game does not need to have a main menu? Why can we only quit to desktop or edit options once we have completed the first section of gameplay? Why did they remove horses? Why did they remove hunting, crafting, guilds, allied factions, assassin signals, mini-games, and challenges? Why was the most groundbreaking feature of this game the fact that you do not get any rewards for getting all of the collectibles? Why did they remove the unique and interesting multiplayer and put in a barebones co-op mode that is clunky at best and game-breaking at worst? Why did they lock a significant portion of items and skills behind this co-op mode which does not currently work? Why does this game have a smaller scale and less content than each game in the series that came before it, even ones that came out five years ago?To top it all off, after 30 hours of doing my best to trudge through it and ignore the flaws in story, gameplay, and large chunk of inaccessible content, the single Uplay cloud save file that we are allowed to have has become corrupted by some invisible force, all progress has been lost, and Unity as a whole has become reduced to one smug dialogue box that I cannot escape: ""Your save file has become corrupted. Would like you start a new game and overwrite it? Yes or Quit to Windows?"""
,Not Recommended,289650,13585099,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,I'mYourStepdad,"The game would be great and all but it's still buggy. After the 7gb patch I can't even play the game anymore. If you're planning to buy this game I would recommend to wait it out, till the price is lower."
76561198090764381,Not Recommended,289650,12919403,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Mayoiko,"Full of bugs and graph errors √Low fps in my trash Alienware laptop √Predictable story and strange logic √Unfriendly controll and weird cover system √One of my friend saved a big bill of money by giving up buying this game and a new PC, and able to hold his wedding ceremony earlier √On behalf of my friend, thank you Ubisoft!10/10"
,Not Recommended,289650,12917595,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Schroedster,"The only assassin here is Ubisoft and the templar is my wallet.UPDATEDNow that I'm done with this game, here's a final review.Pros:Stealth is fantasticCombat is challengingCons:It's kinda hard to really care for any characters (Even Arno)Main story is very uninterestingFramerate is very unstable and drops to 15 fps at timesGraphics are subparFree running can be a ♥♥♥♥♥Very few co-op missionsCamera will randomly face a different direction2/10"
,Not Recommended,289650,16657528,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,sina,"Update: Unity lowered the bar to such a point that almost all the positive comments recommend the game because IT CAN RUN. The sympathy for the game is bordering Stockholm Syndrome. It is praised for doing what exactly every single game should be able to do: execute. It’s almost brilliant and a great business model, too: 1) Release a game with no content that cannot run. 2) Fix all the bugs. 3) Profit.First of all Unity is actually a decent game but since this is supposed to be a part of the Assassin’s Creed storyline, it miserably fails to fit in, hence the vote down.Secondly, of course, spoilers.The overall feel of Unity is more like a fan fiction project with an enormous budget rather than a proper, canonical installment.I think the most important thing that I would have liked to know before buying Unity is this: It hasNO ADVANCE IN THE MODERN DAY STORY ARC. Apart from the occasional server change ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (which I think is a lazy excuse to include the Eiffel Tower in the game) there is nothing happening today.Honestly I gave up on expecting any good story material after playing AC3, because the compelling and coherent story of the first civilization and their artifacts that will help prevent the 2012 apocalypse ended with Desmond. The story as it was revealed up to that point didn’t require the juno plot twist to be any better.In Black Flag the sages were introduced, which were only conceptually replacing the artifacts. But I still had no problem with it, because the reason I play the games is the beautifully complex story that actually takes place today, which has layers and layers of narration embedded in each other. Like the way the game used to be about the modern day assassin Desmond, living Ezio’s life, who has visions of Altair and the way these characters are interconnected centuries apart (the last speech of Ezio in Masyaf).But the good side is that you do not have to be annoyed about not being able to replay modern day missions, since there are none.Maybe I’m mistaken but I remember an interview, explaining this initiate thing to be a way of supporting the immersion of the game play, that the player would indeed feel like the person who is actually in the animus. Well, it does not. and I do not. When there was this confused, interacting, afraid deep within and overall relatable Desmond, I cared about his story. His layer of narration was the buffer between the animus and the actual game. His presence was a mental bridge; he was there to suggest the mode of interaction and how to feel. Now that the game has no modern day content, no outer layer of narration that I can relate to and is based on a complete rehash of the finding artifacts plot with the one key difference that there is no cataclysmic end game like the DESTRUCTION OF THE EARTH, it is reduced to some kind of assassination simulation.As it is stated by many other players, now the fighting is much, much better. It is more realistic that you can’t take 30 people at once.Unless you use the smoke bomb generously.I was one of the people who thought the fighting should be more challenging and I actually liked this improvement at first, but the fact that it is easily overcome by buying powerful enough gear and smoke bombs, does not make me believe that this is a genuine attempt to make it realistic, but rather a way to make players grind points, or much better, buy helix points to upgrade. The new fighting mechanism doesn’t require skill, it requires points. At some point, I ended up running into lifts like an idiot to collect extra creed points for a sword. There are nice improvements but all of them feel contrived.Plus, since with enough smoke bombs, skill and gear the fighting is exactly the same, the only difference now is that you don’t see a damn thing through the shroud of the smoke while fighting. Or you can activate the eagle sense, of course, so now you’re fighting luminescent, solid colored bald figures.Unity adds nothing to the main story arc and everything in the game is a rehash of an old concept, without proper justification (unless you count being cool as a legitimate reason). I could completely skip this installment and I wouldn’t miss anything story-wise:Like Arno owning the Cafe Theatre is analogous of Ezio owning a town. But, well, Ezio is a ♥♥♥♥ing landlord! Why does the Assassin Brotherhood just give away the entire income of a huge cafe to this one seemingly insignificant new recruit?What is the proper justification of the ancients devising a lightning sword, which is analogous of the apples and the shroud, that teleports to undefined distances? The apples and the shroud that was always there at every turning point of human history, as opposed to the sword which is there as a nice gimmick and an end game reward.Why nobody is freaking over the existence of such sword and looking for it, instead of looking for the body of a man, who was explained to be an identical genetic copy of another man with the identical set of memories, who was already captured dead in the previous title?Seriously, where is that sword? Doesn’t the existence of such an artifact implies an additional title on Arno, where the modern day Assassins try and find the sword before the evil reverse engineers of Abstergo?Where did this Desmond-replacement, unnamed initiate come from? Desmond was held captive by Abstergo and later rescued by the Assassins. Why is this person agreeing a possible lobotomy and why should I relate myself to such an immaterial idiot? The stakes were real in the story for Desmond, because he was there in flesh and bone. And really, in AC:R, his consciousness was [able to get] trapped in the animus, since he was introduced as a separate character (and a plot device) than the actual player. Since the initiate is an avatar of the player, We know that there is no risk of brain damage that will change the course of the modern day story, thus anything Shaun says is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to make the game sound cool.What happened to the bleeding effect? Is the initiate being trained now? For what? Or is this an upgraded animus that doesn’t cause the bleeding effect? If so, then, is it actually a downgrade?What is the deal with Arno’s eagle sense? Why are they making up new, ambiguous powers as they go along? When was the “super smelling” power introduced? Why Arno and no one else has the power of sharing consciousness with a dying person? If the eagle sense was a genetic trait coming down from the first civilization as explained in previous games, isn’t it supposed to be more powerful as you go backward in the inheritance tree and not other way around?Why is everyone British? Of course they will have some accent after all, but why such a distinctive one? Just because there are palaces and it is Europe? With the nasal sounding butler and other characters, saying pretentious♥♥♥♥♥♥like “*rse” or “myes sire”?If the entire Helix and Abstergo Entertainment subplot is their new immersion trick, how am I supposed to feel immersed while being asked to pay actual money for upgrades?Why is Ubisoft doing this to the franchise?So all in all, if you are a loyal fan of the series, you’ll disregard all the negative comments, including this one and play the game anyway. That’s what I did, because I was curious about the progress in the main story arc, which turned out to be nonexistent.If you are new to the series, please do yourself a favour and go start from Ezio’s story. Assassin’s Creed Unity is the single most beautiful Nvidia showreel I have ever seen and nothing more.The game of course had its few moments, which I will not spoil, the graphics were gorgeous and the soundtrack was the best so far (bar the Revelations main theme). But I could be completely fine with watching few scenes online and listening to the soundtrack of “Tous les matins du monde” instead."
,Not Recommended,289650,13063505,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Blast Hard-Cheese,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.If you're one of the unforunate people, like me, who bought this game sight unseen... I'm sorry. We must suffer together. Everyone else? Skip it. Do not buy it. Don't wait for it to go on sale. Don't pirate it. Don't play it. Ubisoft is incapable of learning and this game isn't broken, it's shattered.First, constantly corrupted saves. This has happened to me half a dozen times already. With a bit of work I could bring it back but on two occasions, once early on and just now when I was past sequence 7, I lost all progress. If you go into your Uplay saves you can rename the .old file and sometimes that will do it. If you're lucky.Second, the game itself is buggy and glitchy. Be it people acting weird, broken textures, broken AI, or the constant and pervasive crashes... This thing has locked up my entire system several times. It's not a driver issue, no other game does this and I'm fully up to date.Third, performance. I've got a GTX 980, an Core i7 4790K and 16 GB of RAM all running on a 1 TB SSD. I'm so far over their system specs that I should be able to run laps around a base 60 FPS. Too bad I constantly dip well below 40 FPS...Don't buy this game. Buy just about anything else. You know, something with a good story."
,Not Recommended,289650,12886613,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NANOHORIZON,"Very, very, very, very poorly optimized. Buggy, broken engine.Running an i7 2600K with 16g of DDR3 and 2x 290x's. The game can get up to 40 frames per second on low. This is absolutely unacceptable. This has to be the laziest release from Ubisoft yet. How much worse can they get?(update 11.11.14 12am) AMD Catalyst 14.11.1 drivers yield crossfire functionality with no performance increase. A single 290x in use yields even lower frame rates at roughly 20-30 frames per second."
,Not Recommended,289650,12939905,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,CopeADope,I cant tell you how many times I've fallen through the floor of the map just to fall for 30 seconds before dying.
76561198051691603,Not Recommended,289650,13447020,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dashin Imbecile,"As of Patch 4:Overall: The Performance of the game runs a little smoother. That is noticeable. Yet, alas... I can still only run on ""Low Quality"". Minor issue, more less personal taste. At least it runs better while roaming around for goodies or being able to sneak about.However, If I am attacked by 4+ hostiles the game freezes and lags up still. Making defending (Parry) next to impossible. Using smoke bombs then only amplifies the lag.In larger area's where the crowd is more dominate I will have issues with ""locking-up"". Even more so if being chased and shot at.Speaking of which, please do something about enemy targeting with their guns. I mean, I'll sit there and watch a cutscene in story mode. Those guys couldn't hit anything if it were right in front of them. Yet, gameplay wise, these guys have DEAD ON accuracy. Dodging does not help. Sometimes dropping smoke does not help because they can magically see through it. For the love of god, please make them miss here and there. /end rant.I've also noted missions that have you ""Defend"" a target are not working properly and had to restart the memory. What happens is that they get ""stuck"" and no longer follow you. I don't know if this was an issue or not seeing as I only reached those stories as Patch 4 dropped.Playing Multiplayer, Every other mission causes my game to crash if I play online, searching for people or playing with a friend. BUT, If I play Locally, being on the same internet network, the game runs smooth and I never crash. Few glitches here and there. Having a target see me through a wall as an example. Other wise, aside from the expected lag (after searching or non local) I haven't stumbled upon any other issues.The customize menu (Gear/equipment load out) is still rather laggy and is not enjoyable at all.That's all I was able to notice so far. Still, a very sad panda. Since this was supposed to fix a lot of issues. Which, in a sense it did. But, I'm still locking up and crashing (multiplayer, non-local). I still cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,289650,13753794,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Vlad,"Somewhat long, so prepare to sit through and read my semi-rant.I love the Assassin's Creed series. It took me from 2008 to 2010 to actually beat the first game just because I played it on and off from time to time, but when I finished it and saw the ending, I was immediately pulled in and bought the rest of the games so far (retail AC1, PS3 Black Flag, waiting for Rogue on PC). And when I saw a trailer for this game I instantly wanted it, without a shadow of a doubt.After about two months of nonstop bashing (from me and others, just by me witnessing all the reports) because of the game's flaws and errors, I decided to finally buy the game and try it myself, seeing as I'm some foolish customer who doesn't want to believe my game has been broken beyond all repair.- EVGA GTX 660 Superclocked 2GB- 16GB DDR3 RAM @1600Mhz- Intel Core i7 4770K @3.9GHz- ASUS Z87-Pro MotherboardThere's not a single reason out there that these specs,which I bought just earlier this year, should not run any new game at least on medium-high settings. But Unity disagrees. Greatly.- Frame dips in random areas for no apparent reason (yet ironically crowds don't drop a single frame for me).- Microstutter when VSync is on anything but ""Adaptive"" setting.- One to ten second stutter when resolution is changed/edited or after changing the Ambient Occlusion setting.- Co-op play causes microstutter regardless of whether I fixed it beforehand.- Controls on both gamepad and keyboard and mouse not responding properly or at all sometimes (Logitech F710 and MIcrosoft Sidewinder X4 w/ Gigabyte Krypton gaming mouse).- Visuals are nothing stellar to begin with and changing Texture/Environment Quality settings do nothing for the game (as with Bloom) visually, yet hinder the already bad framerate even more.And the list can go on, I'm sure. I just haven't encountered anything else worth noting yet.As excited as I was for this game before its release, and after buying the game for roughly $40 and experiencing it firsthand, this is an utter disappointment and Ubisoft needs to fix the broken mess they call a ""game"" or else their reputation will become even more tainted than it already is at this point. I'm absolutely disappointed in Ubisoft Montréal for this garbage that allowed for true Assassin's Creed co-operation with our friends that somehow bypassed playtesting to be rushed and released to the public. As many times as we've all heard the phrase, ""The customer is always right,"" it certainly seems to be true in this case. Do not take my specs, look at them, and assume that it's obvious I can't play the game because my video card doesn't meet the supposed minimum spec. Instead look at those who far surpass the minimum and required specs by far and wonder how they can have the same problems, and potentially more.Shame on you, Ubisoft.EDIT: Apparently enemies can aggro onto me through various walls at various locations, even when they aren't even looking at my general direction. Had I know that stopping my mission for a small moment to pick the lock to a chest would have caused approximately fifteen (yeah, 15, FIFTEEN) enemies to become hostile and clip through walls in a bloody attempt to kill me over the 250 money I looted, I'd have not done it. Ubisoft forgot to mention that the game features wallhacks for enemies.EDIT 2: After awhile, it's still broken at the API level. Ubisoft, what's going on? Are you still not going to fix this mess? I mean, it performs just as badly on Xbox One and PS4, so maybe that's a hint that something is wrong with the software. Oh, but don't worry. They don'tHAVEto fix it, but it would certainly be nice.EDIT 3: (March 25, 2016) Moved from GTX 660 to R9 390. Game is still broken, unplayable. Tried both stock and overclock with little difference."
,Not Recommended,289650,12933288,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Alfirix,Congradulations Ubisoft you are the new EAWait a few weeks or months before playing because Ubisft might fix the game once the're done ♥♥♥♥ing all the pre purchase money they got from this game.
,Not Recommended,289650,12946425,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Winterstrife,"Don't buy this game now, I'd probably hold out until it eventually goes on sale or had have all its performance issues fixed.This game right now is unplayable for me, with its low framerates & buggy gameplay.Even as loyal Assassins Creed fan since the very first game, I can't defend it at all.This rating will be changed once I can actually play this game. Until then, it is rotting in my library."
,Not Recommended,289650,13115230,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,noob hook?,"What if ubisoft are the templars and they made this so buggy that we wouldn't play as the assassins,but rather as templars(AC rogue) ? :O"
,Not Recommended,289650,12936217,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,BattleSausage,"The gameplay itself is very similar to previous games, the city is absolutely gorgeous, and the missions are pretty well designed. Stealth doesn't seem to be as much of a factor as in previous games since you can generally sprint in to get the target then fight your way out in most cases.Unfortunately there are a great number of bugs that cause crashing, texture load issues, and problems connecting in multiplayer. There are also a number of objects in the game which you can't acquire or access without meta-gaming with external apps and the uPlay web community which is currently not implemented or is just broken. I very much want to like this game but until they resolve these issues I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,289650,13603916,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Blair,Want a game that doesn't even deserve the title technical alpha? This is the game for you.
76561198132334099,Not Recommended,289650,12921366,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Major Doge,It is a big failure but i am still hoping that Ubisoft will make some SERIOUS UPDATES.But for now i dont recommending the game to anyone
,Recommended,289650,14848105,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dunyain,"This game is what happens when Ubisoft listens to its fans.Wait, wait. Hear me out.For years, ""fans"" of the AC series have asked for certain things: dedicated stealth buttons, more stealth gameplay, better variation in mission types, extra things to do, collectibles, achievements, better combat... and AC: Unity represents an attempt to give fans what they want.There's a reason fans aren't game designers, however. Ask a kid what he wants for dinner every night, and you're liable to get ice cream as a response. But you know, as I do, that ice cream is not an acceptable dinner food.AC: Unity, representing a ""crowdsourced"" AC game, is ice cream for dinner. It's things you think you want, things that in moderation may be great, but when thrown together, end up just being bad for you.Which is not to say that the game is bad, per se. The game is mediocre. Arno is a mediocre protagonist, akin to Connor or Altair. He lacks Ezio's roguish charm or Edward's roguish roguery. He doesn't have the personality of Shay or Aveline. In that regard, he's much more of a ""blank slate,"" easy to step into the shoes of, but ultimately, a little flat.The game also features very little bleed-in from the modern day story line, again something ""fans"" have been clamoring for, and again, something that doesn't feel right for the series. The series' more annoying moments (tail missions, instant fail missions, anything with Desmond, etc.) served to highlight its truly bright points. The series has never been a ""stealth"" game series. It's historical tourism with a side of stabbing simulator. It's a third person action game with wonky, yet familiar, controls. AC: Unity tries to change that, and in what ends up feeling the most like a video game, also feels like a shift away from what made the series popular, even if it wasn't always the toast of aficionados on gaming forums.What good can be said about the game? It's beautiful. Obviously, Ubisoft put a lot of work into the new engine, but the edges are rough. This is a craftsperson's first try with new tools, and it shows. However, it's plain enough to see that as the engine matures and the technical bugs get ironed out, it will produce some simply stunning graphics and gameplay.The game also has some innovative features: the murder mysteries, for example, are great. We've been master assassins and soldiers long enough. Let's have a Great Detective Assassin character, a rollicking mix of Holmes and Batman. The gear customization is also a nice change.But what are we missing? Series mainstays like Assassin Tombs, variation in mission types (a problem with ACIII and AC:U, it seems). Rewarding combat (AC:U penalizes you for getting into combat. I suppose this is supposed to make you play more stealthily, but see above: stealth is not a strong suit of a game with janky controls and odd rules about line of sight). A well-written premise. I feel like we were cheated out of our Pere Dumas-inspired storyline for some crap about a murder we don't get to care about because we hardly know any of the characters. Even the star-crossed Templar/Assassin lovers storyline is downplayed for, what, the 30th time we've seen a bildungsroman about a young protagonist who totally doesn't want to follow Mom and Dad's creed, yo, only to realize by the end of the game that the Creed is worthwhile and the evil Templars must be stopped? It was cool when Ezio did it. It wore thin with Connor. Matt Ryan's performance as Edward saved that storyline, and now again we've got flat-voiced Arno learning that the world is a bigger place than he thought when he was young? Yawn. Yawn yawn yawn.I think Ubisoft's heart was in the right place, but the execution fell flat. If AC:U is nothing more than a game hastily constructed around a tech demo for the next-gen AC engine, then it makes sense. If they meant this to be a full game, it's a sour note in the AC symphony. Still, there's enough good elements here to work with that I think the series still has a bright future."
,Not Recommended,289650,12906913,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,AFAP Rocky,"Played 5 minutes of the game, child Arno fell through the floor and into purgatory. 5 Stars on Yelp would not bang - IGN"
,Not Recommended,289650,12947554,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Archways,I had to redo a mission thirty-seven times because Arno continuously penetrated the map's geometry.11/10
,Not Recommended,289650,13014311,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Lorne Meowlvo,"I actually really like Assassin's Creed Unity. It's nothing new in relative to the rest of the series. Very similar formula to the games preceding it not counting Black Flag. Graphically, it looks very impressive and the new parkour and animation system system is something I consider to be a vast improvement to all other games in the series. The story is pretty bland which is a shame because playing it you can tell that it want's to be good but can't quite muster it. Ubisoft has filled the world fun little sidequests and collectables for you to nab ranging from tedious to geniunely interesting or fun. The customization is alright but it is hampered by the fact that Ubisoft thought it was a good idea to lock at least half of it until they decide to release a multiplayer game mode. It also suffers from collectables that are locked unless you have access to the companion app, which is just stupid. Not to mention their clearly forced in microtransactions that they must have tossed in there in the last five minutes. I will say that Ubisoft does not force anyone to buy these microtransactions as within 6 to 8 hours of playing you can accumulate a pretty substantial in-game fortune. While I do have these grievances with the game I would like to reiterate that I do actually enjoy it. I want to play it. But Ubisoft's broken release is actually now preventing me launching the game at all. I played for a good few hours with no glitches apparent, but then it started with the frame drops which I can't stand. So I stopped playing for several days only to hop back on today and find that the frame drops had disappeared. Then just an hour ago, I decided that I would play some more, but I was hit the ACUnity.exe has stopped working, and after trying all available fixes I have given up. It would be a crime to recommend the game in it's current state to others. The reason I am writing this review is because Ubisoft can't provide me with the product that I stupidly paid for. So instead, this time that should be spent enjoying my purchase is being used writing this review in hopes that I may deter at least one person from spending money on this product in it's current build so that they may not have to suffer my fate."
76561198027486533,Not Recommended,289650,12935023,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,muningris,"For the moment, I can't recommend this game. If future patches fix the existing bugs and optimize the games performance, it may well be a game worth playing. I certainly hope so, because I have long been a fan of the seriees. However, I would currently go so far as to claim that the product I recieved is not the product that I was told that I was purchasing.My PC is no powerhouse. It's not as though I was expecting to play this on ultra. But my computer either exceeds, meets or falls very slightly short of the ""recommended"" system requirements. For the record CPU: Intel i7-4770 @ 3.4ghz (Better than). RAM: 8G(same as) Video Card: GTX 760 (slightly below). All well above the minimum system requirements. I didn't expect mindblowing, but I did expect smooth and playable.In order to achieve an acceptable framerate (and by acceptable I mean not having half second pauses every three or four seconds) I have to set the graphics settings to the lowest possible, across the board. Even then, I experience texture pop ins at remarkably close range, inexplicable framerate drops and stuttering (especially in cutscenes, oddly).At lowest settings the game is playable, on a machine which meets the recommended system requirements. To me, meeting the recommended requirements ought to mean that I have a computer which is capable of delivering, more or less, the experience that the developers intended. If my experience is that which was intended then... AC: Unity is not a game you want to play. And if I, running at a system fairly close to the ""recommended"" system, am experiencing these kinds of problems (at low!), I can only imagine the experience of those who purchased it for play on systems which only meet the ""minimum system requirements""Bottom Line: There are people playing on machines far, far superior to mine reporting substantial graphical issues. And I, with a decent PC, can only run this game well on the lowest settings. As a fan of the AC series... Don't buy it. And possibly send an angry letter to Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,289650,13221583,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Mrtizzleberry,Are your coders and programmers a group of mentally disabled chimps with no attention span and a limited supply of cocaine? Cause that 1.5Gb patch you lot just rolled out turned occasional framedrops into frequent freezes and crashes!It's okay though everybody I can now start a mission from the world map without it causing the game to crash! That's whats important! Seriously every patch that is released the more problems I get. What the ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft! I didn't pay $75 to have 50GB of my SSD made completely useless. The game is ♥♥♥♥ing unplayable now! Do the right thing and enable refunds and recall this broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥until it's fixed! Corporate money grubbing pigs.GTX 780Intel i54670k16GB RAMDO NOT BUY. GAME IS BROKEN AND KEEPS GETTING WORSE.
76561197989539734,Not Recommended,289650,12930706,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,CartsTheMenace,Just adding to the masses that say this game runs terribly on amd. A fix would be nice.
,Not Recommended,289650,12932790,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Ferny D. 3S-166,literally cannot even get to a save point before crashing.  im not impressed ubisoft. not at all
,Not Recommended,289650,12959898,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,エンゼル,"I have been a huge fan of the series since the first game that premiered in November of 2007. This game was a huge let down to me. Ubisoft totally dropped the ball on this one. You should probably know by now that this game has major performance issues and microtransactions. But my major problem with this game is its gameplay. Considering the fact that it was developed over the span of four years with the collaboration of countless Ubisoft studios, this is just unacceptable.Here are my problems with the game:1. The fact that there is basically no longer a weapon wheel. The new weapon wheel no longer give players the option to equip a hidden blade or your fists as a weapon. Why ubisoft? Why limit the amount of weapons the Assassin can equip? Also why limit the duration of eagle vision?2. The story. The story is basically just *spoiler alert* Arno and Elise taking revenge on a Templar whose name is Germain. That is it. No more no less. You don't know the characters enough to get attached them. There is zero character development, like how *spoiler alert* Arno's dad is murdered in the beginnig of the story but Arno never questions why, and Ubisoft decides instead to just keep making missions about him retrieving his watch.The story feels incomplete and boring and dull in comparison to Ezio's story in Assassin's Creed 2 or any assassin in the series.3. The story takes place during the french revolution yet I don't feel like I was really in the French Revolution while playing it. There are tons of NPCs with waving French flags yelling ""Long live the revolution"" but I felt more annoyed with them than anything. They make the streets of Paris nearly impossible to traverse through. There are ""crowd events"" that you can participate in to make you interact with the NPCs but they are tedious and very repetitive. From my interactions with crowd events within the game, a majority of them are just ""kill these criminals"" or ""tackle the thief"". Very dissapointing.4. Not only was the story very boring, I felt like there wasn't enough of a focus on the story mode. With the introduction of Co-op missions, Paris stories, Murder stories, etc, they shifted the focus of the story to all these other modes. To me, Assassin's Creed has always been about the story. It's what makes the games interesting. In this game however, with all these modes, every game mode just feels incomplete.5. The new combat system. I guess Ubisoft hasn't heard the phrase: ""If it isn't broke, don't fix it"". Why change the counter-attack combat system that Assassin's Creed has had since the first game? Fans love it, why change it?6. Time Anomaly, though it is a very pretty sight to see Paris in its different time periods, this addition to the game felt incomplete as well.7. There is zero modern day story progression in this game. How does Arno play into the modern day story?  Who is Bishop? Why does she matter? The only thing we've learned in this game is the triple helix.In conclusion, Assassin's Creed Unity tried to renew its series and accomplish everything within one game but they instead failed miserably and fall short of a fresh start."
,Not Recommended,289650,13239244,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,NH | Carnage,This game has a huge difficulty gap compared to the previous Assassin's Creed games.It is much harder. I couldn't even get past the first level where I had to click New Game on the Main Menu. It wasn't even an assassination. The lag monster made me lose and crashed my game.11/10 Ubisoft would play again
76561197960389247,Not Recommended,289650,13185169,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Rona,"Honestly, I wanted to like this game.  It looked like it was introducing new ideas, plus French Revolution seemed like an awesome place to run around in to do cool assassiny things.  But, it was a let down for $60.  The launch issues with the framerates and performce were bad.  Arno constantly STILL gets stuck on things or jumps to objects you don't want to go to, which makes escapes and chases a pain in the butt.  The story is mediocre at best and has a ton of holes in it.  The map, while quite large, is splattered with collectibles, some of which you can't even get without using the mobile app.It seems like this game is trying to do too much at once without focusing on story or character development.  Arno is a weak character, and doesn't hold together well.  Even Connor from AC3 was a better character development.That being said, the game itself is gorgeous to the eyes.  However, since the framerate stutters constantly, it's hard to appreciate it.  Ubisoft should have pushed this out a while, and now they're trying to scramble to patch it and apologize for screwing up to save face with the community.  Too late on that front for several people.  I regret pre-ordering the game, and honestly can't recommend this to anyone.  While some ideas are great, such as the new movement, both up and down buildings, or going inside of buildings, or the murder mysteries; the overall feel of the game is lackluster.Wait for a year for them to fix it and pick it up on a steam sale.  Can't recommend it until then."
,Recommended,289650,26429403,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Martin,"At launch, this game was a mess. There is no argument in that at all. But now? The game is extremely fun, and a blast to play.The graphics are amazingly well done, all the way down to the small things in the streets to the fabric and clothes. Rarely I run into an instance of odd cloth physics or a out of place animation on character interactions. but other than that..from textures to the godrays..make the city beautiful.The gameplay is amazing and not a button mash-fest like some in the series, meaning your attacks actually have 'weight' and an 'umph' when doing actions, this of course makes you take your time and sort of plan what to do depending on your enemy and the class that they are. Not saying its a bad thing to button mash, but I feel its more engaging this way and makes combat more enjoyable to me than ""mash button until the enemy dies"".The sounds and effects of the city are actually really well done when you stop and pay attention to every little thing going on around you. The sound of footsteps changing depending on the terrain, the chattering of the locals, the fabric creating noises depending on if your wearing leather, cloth, or chainmail...its very impressive when you think about everything that is happening.All in all the above makes this an awesome addition to the franchise. Even with its flaws such as..well, Coop is all but dead due to its really poor release state which turned a lot of people away from the title. The ones that I can connect to are in other parts of the world so connections are shotty sometimes. Even on PS4 I have issues finding people to play with in my own country due mainly that same reason.As it is now I recommend this title, as it;- offers an excellent story, with some cliche moments but still interesting to learn about in my opinion- very well done controls on both KB & Mouse as well as using a gamepad- the game mechanics work pretty well with only minor odd ball 'parkour' climbing animations but nothing game breaking- the multiplayer is fun when you can find someone to play with- The weapon veriety is a welcome change and really fun to play around with, to me anyway. It makes Arno feel like 'your' ideal assassin, from the animations, playstyles, and also the skills you choose to follow that all comes down to a different feel and experience that again makes multiplayer really shine.I dont often write reviews but this game has come along way from where it once was, and yes probably too late to save it, but I will still recommend this game if anyone is looking into getting it."
76561198002484443,Not Recommended,289650,13083052,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,no pie for you,"""play our companion app to open this chest""Seriously. Ubisoft. Stop this now.The game has many great things about it, but chests that require one to play their stupid companion app and their constant nagging for us to buy Helix credits to unlock other weapons and cosmetics are the reasons why I cannont recommend this game to others."
,Not Recommended,289650,12920328,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Penkly,"Really dissapointing because it was looking like an amazing game, and it proabably is, but not being able to play it because i fall through floors, game crashes, and i cant get fps above 20 is honestly unacceptable. Really hope they fix this one. As of now i wouldnt recommend buying it as it will just be 60 dollars that you spent that just kinda sits there. I would wait for the game to be fixed and for people to give the green light. Good luck to those of you that already bought it and lets hope this thing can be salvaged."
,Not Recommended,289650,12920335,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Waggish,Don’t be fooled like me!I pre-ordered Assassin’s Creed Unity the day it came out on steam. I paid $74 Aus for a game my pc should be able to run but crashes and lag make this game ultimate♥♥♥♥♥♥ Poor effort Ubisoft  poor effort.
76561198079475057,Not Recommended,289650,12930715,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Luck Bisquick,"♥♥♥♥ YOU ASSASSIN'S CREED UNITY AND ♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT! Sorry its just that I have had a blind love for this serise and this is unacceptable. Dayz has better fps than this, let that sink in... DAYZ IS IN ALPHA! I have a GTX 970 and will admit to having a♥♥♥♥♥♥cpu but if I can run Shadows of Mordor and Ultra 1080p with a 60 fps and sometimes more that is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥TO YOUR FACE INSULTING! Like is said the Assassin's Creed games have been some of my favorties starting with the first and getting better each time (excluding Brotherhood and Revolations while good come on they were DLC at best). Now I have a huge issue to bring up, Ubisoft hates PC users made clear here as it is the worst PC port since Dark Souls. For me I am left with playing on the lowest settings and still have a crash every cutsence... WHY!? This is just down right lazy and I refuse to buy any more Ubisoft games ever and this is coming as the Farcry franchise deal is happing and I loved Far Cry 3 but can't bring myself to buy is and support the company that is being called worse than EA. I can't recomend this game to anyone and I was one of the first to jump on the hype train and say it will be the best game of 2014. I WAS WRONG. Save your money nothing to see here its Assassin's Creed 2 with fashyish new graphics.*Update: The game was fixed but guess what its ♥♥♥♥ing boring (go figure) 1/100 go ♥♥♥♥ your cash grab ubisoft tred lightly with the next one there are refunds you scum. Also I upgraded my cpu to an i5 and it still looks like a♥♥♥♥♥♥took a♥♥♥♥♥♥so yeah ♥♥♥♥ this game and if this is how they all are going to be then have fun Assassin's Creed join the♥♥♥♥♥♥show that is quickly becoming the AAA games market."
,Not Recommended,289650,12933449,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Benjmac,Good luck getting a smooth running play session  unless you have some serious gaming♥♥♥♥♥♥and new graphics cards because if you have anyhting below like a 700 series you are ♥♥♥♥ed. Waste of 60$
,Not Recommended,289650,12919341,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,farttool.KMS,"Games Great don't get me wrong but the optimization is absolutly disgusting, when the game works, more like if the game works its fun to play and worth playing but how often it works is anytime there isn't anything on the sceen so yeah the loading screens work G ♥♥♥♥ing G. I won't be playing this game anymore until its fixed and thats not to say I don't want to it's just that I can't because I'm stuck on a mission that requires you to stealth through a populated building and eliminate a target, normal AC fair, but it's rendered impossible due to the fact that whenever your IN the building the framerate drops to single digits. I tried lowering my quality from Ultra high to low in an attempt to help with the frame loss but had the exact same amount of it, and before anyone goes and says, ""you need to restart your game to make all the different texture changes go through."" I did still single digit frame rate. I the game is stabilized then I can see it being another great AC game but till then it's unplayable."
,Not Recommended,289650,12886057,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,LoC_TR,"***UPDATED***First off I'd like to say that I knew what I was getting into when I dropped the 60$ on this game. I knew Ubisoft's previously release of Watch_Dogs was sub par, I had also pre ordered that game as well. I also knew that my specs were borderline minimum when it came to the horsepower required to run the game.BUGSI didn't expect to run the games top notch graphics settings, and thats not even where my gripe is. There were obvious bugs right from the start that weren't caused by my hardware. If you have a mid-range computer I would definitely find this game a tough sell.*Some cut scenes would just skip part of the scene and place me ahead of the story line. It would also do this if I died during a cut scene instance. It just didn't seem like it was very streamlined.*The shadow flickering was horrendous and almost stopped me from playing altogether. I played around with some graphics settings (which are sparse) and finally got it to stop.*Constant stuttering. While I understand this could be hardware related, I went ahead and tested it in various parts of the maps. My character continues to stutter even in areas with very low clutter.*I'm sure you've heard about the hair glitch, floating hair that seems to drift at odd times.*The ""Initiate"" program doesn't seem to work for me when I attempt to do anything with it. (more on this later)*Ai just acting straight up odd. Glitching through roofs, floors, running in odd areas. (kinda like all the previous games including watch_dogs)*A few CTD's (could be hardware)STORY/ GAMEPLAY (**NO SPOILERS**)Outside of the bugs I enjoyed myself quite a bit, with a few hiccups along the way.*The main missions are a ton of fun and you have quite a few choices to make when tackling these.*The parkour is better than the last few installments and is probably the best part about the game as a whole. Trekking the city and just looking at every detail that goes into each inch of the world. Unfortunately the movement is plagued by many of the same issues such as, you're still frequently getting stopped in your tracks from either bad pathing, or odd obstacles. The downward parkour (new) is nice for sure but doesn't act how i expected either. Sometimes Arno jumps impossible heights without taking damage or suffers from the same issues as the upward parkour and goes a path you didn't wish him too. Some paths that seem like they should be, are not.*The combat is much slower imo and rugged, it's fun but there isn't really anything revolutionary about it. In the beginning the enemies seem to be tougher but there are only a few enemy models so their patterns are easy to learn over time.*It seems to be that they tried to make this game much tougher without certain upgrades from either your equipment or weapons. While I'm a veteran gamer I enjoy the challenge this brings. I can imagine a more casual gamer getting frustrated over how the parkour, combat, and AI work together. Maybe even frustrated enough to buy some ""hack"" points? (**We'll talk about this later**""*The side quests are mostly one dimensional requiring you to fetch something or kill this, some of them have arcs that keep going. The eventual feel of these quests is grinding though.*They mix in a combination of 5 or so random crowd events (pickpocket, criminal, police vs revolutionaries, templar vs whomever.) these happen often and you get rewards for doing them. They are redundant to say the least.*None of the characters are really that intriguing. They seems to be cookie cutter Templar vs Assassin attitude.*The crowds themselves are quite massive but, but for the most part they stick to a particular spots. Theres obviously roaming people from street to street, but there doesn't seem to a concious of the AI. Once again there are only so many models and some many outfits/colors. They don't react to you directly or your deeds you've accomplished. I kinda expected the city to be more ""alive,"" at the time period it was a very turbulent and the city was of the edge. This is not the feeling the game gives off at all.*Customization is better than the previous installments but once again nothing revolutionary. There are plenty of outfits and you can individually pick head, chest, pants, gloves, and belt. You CAN NOT choose your own colors but from the pallets given which include three colors per pallet.*Menu's are a step up from the last couple games but seem to be super laggy. Map loads laggy, and there is like a billion icons on it ( you can choose which ones show up but there are still things that pop up that you can even access like Red and Gold chests)*I managed to do one Co-op mission without friends, either people disconnect, or leave. Some just troll. I did not try again because it was annoying. It sucks that i'm driven away by this type of feature.MONEY STUFFThis is where we get to the money game, which they seem to have put an awful lot of time. There are several currencies:Franks are used to buy consumables, outfits, weapons, and property.AC points(whatever that symbol is) which is a ""abstergo"" increment of money used to upgrade weapons and buy colors for the outfits.Hack points are the microtransaction increment. You can buy everything in the game with these points if you have the real life dolla bills to throw down. This is where I get a little irritated. What it feels like they're doing is slowing down progression in various ways.. getting to places feels slower (possibly because our character runs slower on a 1:1 ratio of paris? Idk), combat is slower. Leveling seems to take forever, which also means I don't get to use all of the abilities throughout the entirety of the story.In combination with the Initiate program... which you have to sign up for.. to unlock certain items.. so that you can eventually buy them. There is also mobile apps i've yet to download that unlock other in game♥♥♥♥♥♥ This also allows you to open up certain Red and Gold chests. So basically theres stuff in the game that you can do because you haven't downloaded all the crap yet on all your devices.So what this feels like to me is a they've added a grind to the game so you either*dump tons of time into if you want to complete everything, and buy everything.*OR buy upwards of 100$ worth Hack points so can buy better equipment earlier, or buy boosts to level up or w/e.If ACU was just a parkour game it would be ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, it's not though. A lot of things seem forced, I really just want to play my video game without have to download a ♥♥♥♥ ton of bs apps and add-on♥♥♥♥♥♥to get the whole experience. The microtransactions I will never touch, nice try tho. Why would you spend any money at all to cheat a game? It seems really ♥♥♥♥ing backwards, and I just generally hate the thought of it.I enjoyed the gameplay a lot, I really did, but there are too many things that are buzzkills for me. At the top of the list is the attempt to control too much. There is such a fierce grasp around this game I feel the developers let slip too many things through the cracks. The graphics are next gen for sure, the gameplay and story telling is not. On top of all of that is the bugs, which I wouldn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about if they actually wanted to improve the core of this game. I expected the flow between the parkour and combat to be much more fluid but it seems to be relatively the same with a few minor changes. When games start to bring these kind of emotions out of people you wonder why they backlash so hard at the developers.This review is based almost entirely on gameplay, the actual launch with the bugs didn't irk me as much as some of the actual in-game features. Though that doesn't mean it's acceptable. 6/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgpzT5V5Mgs"
76561198077516396,Not Recommended,289650,12920233,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,78voodoo78,"I can easily say now that this may just be the worst buy i've made this year, in terms of money vs value. I knew i should have waited some reviews but they got me with their ''presale bonuses'' and i threw 100$ at them for what i now consider my personnal biggest rip-off of the year gaming-wise. Apparently this game have issues with some AMD cpu's and gpu's and oh!!! sorry we forgot to mention that when you bought the game and all the season passes and stuff..."
,Not Recommended,289650,13036533,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,That One Random Guy,"I'm a hardcore fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise, but just seeing how they messed this up was just disappointing; and besides marking the obvious bugs and FPS drops with this game's release. I plan on telling about some bugs that most people didn't play enough to see. (unless you have - in that case -  you know what I'm talking about)The first bug being related toParkour, which has gotten a overhaul; but not complete. I am disappointed to say that the Parkour is even more broken then it was in previous games. I find it frustrating that Arno will assume to climb things within his body's height (like random crates, miscellaneous clutter, and market stands) with the ""Run"" action. There is the ""Free-Run Upwards"" and ""Free-Run Downwards"" actions to fully control the elevation of his Parkour; why not fully contribute to the system and make it so Arno will not randomly start hoping from crate to crate when being chased by enemies?I find many issues with the shimmying (which in parkour term is to shift left or right while hanging on a ledge), he is unable to shift his body left nor right at certain angles and on certain buildings. One example of crappy shimmying is the Co-op Mission ""Woman's March"" when you have to assassinate the gate-base captains. If you climb up on the right building (has one of the captains on the roof) and shimmy across the ledges (in which has windows below the ledges); you come up with Arno trying to shift across the window, but ultimately failing and ending up in a hanging animation.Another problem that occurs to me, is thebutton choiceanddelay for combat. I play with an *NEW* Xbox Controller (the fact that I use a controller still shouldn't affect the button choice), which I find very fluent and great; however, the button choice for ""Block""/""Sheath"" and ""Loot"" are very awful. Although the ""Block"" and ""Loot"" have been used in previous games, its not those actions I find most annoying; its the ""Sheath"" action which CAN disrupt combat and end up with Arno putting his sword away and getting DESTROYED! Further more with getting destroyed, I find delays within the actions that Arno does. Examples being ""Blocking"" which at some points take no effect and Arno is left standing defense less. But lets not forget that when this happens, he is unable to attack nor dodge.And last but no least; the most annoying problem I face (and I believe others do as well) is thatTHERE IS NO COMMUNICATIONbetween other players. All you can do is mark targets and hope that they won't go charging in like a bunch of idiots. It happened on too many cases where we would all fail because of one guy charging in like a moron, then killed like a ******ed person getting hunted down by Navy Seal Team 6. And don't say ""use the voice chat on Uplay"", It's in freaking Beta and doesn't work for this game. I tried it with my friends and with random people, and nothing seemed to project my voice into the game; even thought I test my mic on Uplay and it works fine. It's just not implemented into this game! (akaIT DOESN'T WORK) And I am VERY sure that others can agree with me on this bad communication factor.I hope others can see these bugs within the game too, and support my arguments about this game's flaws. And don't get me wrong, I love the game and completely think that this game will be amazing with all these problems diminished from the game's first release. I just wish that this game was at least delayed or set on a later date to fully create this game with minimum bugs that could be fixed easier. I just wish this game was able to live up to its full potential...P.S. Other Fan Boys of this Series; Don't get me wrong, I would love to love this game, but it just really let me down. I've been psyched about this game for over a year, and it coming out like THIS! No, that will not do for me dudes - that is NOT okay to build everyone up then throw them down. And I know that this isn't entirely the developer team's fault, Ubisoft has been doing this for a while now. But by them doing this to Assassin's Creed, that went WAY too far now. I just really wish the developers would have at lease post-pone the release date to fix EVERYTHING before giving us buggy crap. However, maybe they had no control over the time - maybe only Ubisoft held control and they had to obey. And Lastly - to everyone - before you judge me for what I say above, remember: ""Nothing is True, Everything is Permitted"" - Ezio Auditore (My favorite Assassin)"
,Not Recommended,289650,13447700,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,santanades,"If this game was a potato, it would be a rotten potato with no limbs.If I took that potato and took a big 7GB shít on it, it would still be better than this game."
76561198161547140,Not Recommended,289650,12966597,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,_Hogg1,Pros-Stellar graphics if you have the right stuff in your pcImproved parcourCustomisable characterCo-op modeCons-Overhyped game overallStoryline was terribeUnity companions app doesnt syncMAJOR framerate fallsPlayer falls through map at time
76561198162696569,Not Recommended,289650,12936225,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,manojvarughese,what an unoptimized piece of garbage!!
,Not Recommended,289650,12889789,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Geraldo del Rivero,"The game is fine, but the framerate is unbelievably horrible. Hopefully some more patches will come, but wait 'til then.Edit 2: Yay! More problems! NPCs appearing out of nowhere, camera jumping, NPCs going through structures and floating.Edit 3: To clear some things up, THE GAME ITSELF IS NOT BAD, IT IS JUST HOW POORLY IT RUNS. My PC isn't exactly top-of-the-line, but I'm able to run most games at medium to high settings but this game is just okay on lowest.See:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=340381705http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=340542590http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=340922626http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=341767682"
,Not Recommended,289650,13910578,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Hibbcity,"I have been a huge assassins creed fan, which is why I prepurchased it. People seem to think I hate the game, but I am just pointing out the faults.  It is fun, (don't get me wrong) but not nearly as fun as it should be, with very little replayability.  Here are my problems:-poorly optimized-terrible story+character development-very few coop missions-terrible coop missions-not as much gear variation as implied-clubs are still buggy-loot system is terrible-combat system not that differentHere are the two things that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off most, and sorry if its a rant.1: You can only have one character.  This is the first assassins creed with only one save spot.  I loved going through the campaign and starting fresh, but you cannot do this in ACU.  You can go back and do the missions, but its not the same.  I have all legendary gear, so its easy as can be, and just equipping old gear is not something I should have to do to have fun.  At this point in the game I have beaten the campaign and I'm waiting for the week long club competition to get more legendary stuff, but its boring.  I would compare it to an MMO with no end game, but instead of leveling another character, your stuck with who you have.  The most fun I had was with the campaign, but that is over now.2: The loot system is pathetic.  I thought completing heists or other coop missions would grant random loot, the better you do the better the gear is.  That is not the case.  Most coop missions have 3 pieces of gear, and upon completion you get one of them at random.  However, almost all the gear you get is terrible, so there is no reason to do coop missions for gear.  The way you get legendary gear is through club competition, which is the stupidest thing I have seen in an assassins creed game.  I now have to wait a whole week for a random piece of legendary gear to be the reward, then I have to win the club competition.  I prefer the payday 2 loot system to this, and for those that do not know the payday 2 loot system, every mission you complete you have a 1/3 chance at getting a randomly selected piece of gear. 140 hours of game time and I still havent gotten something I want.  This one is especially ranty, which I am sorry about. It is frustrating because there was so much potential and it was wasted.Some positives:+the time period is well done+Its back in a city, which is more fun to me, but that is opinion+the city is huge, so exploration is decent.+Still assassins creed, so fun enough for me to play.I am probably going to  still play the game from time to time, but it is not worth $60, there are many better games you can get for less, so at least wait for a deal."
,Recommended,289650,32579376,Posted: 19 June,all,Idris Rented,"Assassin’s Creed Unity is a visually stunning masterpiece that bring France to life.Paris is breathtaking, the level of detail and describing the French Revolution is so much impressive.The gorgeous game for the beautiful screenshot lovers."
,Not Recommended,289650,13248139,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,uzi,This game should of came out in 2015.It has to be the most glitchiest game ever created.2.4/10
76561198120274775,Not Recommended,289650,13985635,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,KaminoClone,Just go get black flag.
,Not Recommended,289650,12970559,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Paranoid Schizophrenia,"Performance Issues, a lot of bugs, combat waaaaayyyyyyy too easy compare to previous ACs,Not recommended this game at this moment. Wait for few months till most issues are solved, if they didn't,  i should not said this but , just P***** it.... dont waste your money for unplayable, broken, unfinished game....Plus with this game, Ubish** could beat EA D***..... for worst game company ever....."
,Not Recommended,289650,12949018,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Biggu Bosu,"Bugs (note: this version of the game has been patched twice already)-Sudden corrupt saves taking away several hours spent in playing the game. This can happen from quitting the game during multiplayer or just plain anywhere else. Confirmed a common problem.-Bugs and sudden lag spikes which is annoying, and sometimes can cause your death.-Flickering corners in every object inside your headquarters or many other interiors with a high performance PC in any anti-aliasing settings, especially the lowest one.-And a lot more glitchy stuff you see in other people's reviews, too. They're geniune, not complaints.Gameplay-Combat improved with the parrying system and realistic difficulty and AI, re-ruined by it's sluggish approach.-Free-running made easier by new up-or-down system, but also causes new navigation problems where you still press the right thing and jump to your death/the wrong place.-Stealth smoother than in previous games, made better by the crouch system. Broken cover system, lack of whistling, and sometimes being detected while hidden brings it back down.-Controls still as broken as ever!The co-op is pretty useless and occasionally annoying unless you have actual friends to play with. I got more done doing the missions on my own.Didn't believe the majority on the Internet, I thought it was just haters being haters. Nope. The game is actually broken, which is too bad. The characters are less forgettable than in the previous games, the story more engaging, and the missions are actually fun, and there is some pretty decent customisation in this game. Either wait for a lot more patches to come out, or just don't buy the game."
,Not Recommended,289650,12960111,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Macho Lad,"ACU.exe has stopped responding, Windows is checking for a solution.11/10"
76561198059619321,Not Recommended,289650,12886625,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Clyde Ryu,"Do not waste your money here ... Another broken game on release, working with companies to promote graphic card sales... sleazy maketing"
76561198014868890,Not Recommended,289650,13595320,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nation,Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't buy!
76561198148185388,Not Recommended,289650,12920238,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ponaloc,"Full of bugs and glitches, low frame rates. It's not a good game"
,Not Recommended,289650,13463561,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,root,Broken
,Not Recommended,289650,12919399,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Cloudy The Radish,"Please Sell The Title To Some Creators That Can Do A Better Job At This Game. The Problem With The Game In The First Place Was Not The Graphics, It Was Fighting And Parkour System. Congrats On Making A Fool Out Of Yourself Again , Ubisoft. For Making Game Is Even ♥♥♥♥♥ier Than Watchdogs. How The Hell Do They Get Positive Reviews With Negative Comments Like Fps Drops And ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cutscenes..."
76561198030689014,Not Recommended,289650,12890030,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,-UoG-Leroy.exe,"I'm not usualy one to be upset and spout about how upset I am, but I blow the recommended specs out of the water yet game runs like ♥♥♥♥.Me and my gamer pal pre-ordered months ago to enjoy an assasin's creed in full co-op.   The ammount of disappointment is beyond belief.     We aren't even Graphics nuts or anything.In many ways the game just DOESN'T work as intended.Either they fix this within 2 weeks, or I demand a refund.   The game they advertised in thier trailors is NOT the product that was delivered.     If this doesn't get fixed and fast, then it's false advertisement.Even if the game gets fixed, if it takes too long to the point where the price drops, the cost at release would then simply be robbery.This isn't even a case of a bad port job, this game was announced for PC, PS4 and Xboxone.      Each was developed to work on it's respective system.  What I am seeing looks like some half finished alpha stage quality game....At this time DO NOT give Ubisoft a single cent untill they at least deliver the product advertised in thier trailors.Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit Fixit !!!!!!"
76561198060986861,Not Recommended,289650,12887622,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Doctor Daza,"Absolute garbage, the game can barely load and the start menu lags. On top of that, I can't even load anything past the intro movie. Don't get this game until they fix all the bugs."
76561197981004377,Not Recommended,289650,12907496,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,PrinceoftheUniverse,"CAN WE OPEN A CLASS ACTION FOR THIS!? How? How can these ♥♥♥♥ing snake oil salesmen get away with this time and time again. If you sell a broken product, you should offer a refund you scumbags! Ubisoft, I swear this♥♥♥♥♥♥is so bad i want to call a lawyer.-Frames:♥♥♥♥♥♥-Glitches: Pleanty-Unfinished game: 59$-Sencerely: Everyone."
,Not Recommended,289650,12913724,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Trennik,I wouldn't really want to play a game with this many bugs even if it was free...
76561198001658920,Not Recommended,289650,12945498,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,T220911,worst purchase of my life
,Recommended,289650,32439189,Posted: 15 June,all,invizi,"It seems everyone hates this game, and they're not wrong. It's not a bad game, it's just substandard for AC. I only got to play this two years after it was made by which time the bugs seem to have been fixed, so I won't be complaining about the bugginess. Ubisoft seems to make these games on a schedule, and they're all very extensive games so it seems they publish them before they're finished, and fix the bugs over the next couple of years. As a general rule it seems like it's a better idea to play any AC game at least a year after it comes out.By the time I'm writing this they've already made Syndicate and most of what I'm going to complain about here has already been fixed but I'm going to write this anyways for posterity.Pros:The city - Life-size, incredibly detailed, painting-like map of Paris.The graphics - This is actually more of a con for me, I'm down for anything on par with and above Brotherhood's graphics, it's just when it's such a heavy game it compromises fps and playability even on above average gaming PCs. But the graphics are incredible if you can run them.The combat system - I was led to believe from some of the reviews here that the combat would be slow and clunky, but I actually find this a lot more playable than AC's classic jumping around routine. Not to mention it's better than being zerg rushed by a horde of enemies who block your attacks and by the time you get to break the defense of one you're stabbed in the back by 10.My favourite thing about this game is that you can equip a sword and the hidden blade at the same time, and Arno will use whatever the situation calls for. You can also equip guns and smoke bombs simultaneously.The parkour - I mean, the parkour has always had its issues but this is quite alright, especially when compared to Syndicate. People seem to hate it but I can't understand why. Jumping sideways/down has some issues. 2 and Brotherhood were the high point, it made the puzzles actually playable.The era - You can't really do much wrong with a French revolution game.The helix rifts - I personally like them, it's like the developers tried to squeeze in as much of Paris' history as they could into the game.The sidequests - I normally HATE sidequests in AC games, every sidequest is the same, ""follow that dude, find that guy in a crowd and assassinate him, can you outrun the timer?"" but this game's sidequests have references to the edgier parts of Paris' history and they're not boring.The stage at Cafe Theatre where people do stuff.Cons:The characters - They're such painful cliches, there's the Jedi council talking Arno down for feeling guilt, Bellec's the grizzled drunken old instructor who calls his young apprentice ""pisspot"", Elise is a sassy Disney princess, Arno is completely unrelateable. We haven't had a likeable assassin since Ezio. Napoleon was surprisingly alright for a side character though.The assassin order - They've changed every established recogniseable aspect of the franchise (by the time I'm writing this they've changed them back presumably because so many people were complaining.) The memory corridors don't exist, instead you relive your victim's memories for some inexplicable reason. The assassin initiation ritual with the pretend finger cutting is replaced by some kind of psychedelic wine that gives you express assassin training.The psychedelic wine - Psychedelic sequences in games are kind of a lazy way of making them look interesting without actually adding anything to the plot. All they are is platform jumping with weird oversized crap floating around, and warped checkerboard patterns. I found it jarring in this game, I had found it alright (if a bit too frequent) in the Arkham games because the situation actually called for it. Dream and psychedelic sequences are usually just uninspired lazy writing that got old after everyone started doing them.The hacker cutscenes where you become an assassin by clicking ""play"" - I think Liberation must have been the game that killed the modern day stories. Instead of seeing how the past reflects on the present like you did in the earlier AC games, you get your game interrupted by grainy cutscenes from some preachy self-righteous hacker organisation. The modern day sequences in the old games were playable and they gave you the feeling that you were actually in the present, inside a machine. This just feels like a period game except every now and then the game stops for no reason and some uptight girl in a ponytail gives you a lecture. Syndicate tried to fix it by bringing back old characters but I don't think that fixed it.The crowds - I understand that there would be crowds in the squares but aren't there any streets in Paris where one could walk freely without feeling violated? There isn't a square inch of personal space in this entire game, there's literally no room to stand except on a roof.The plot - The game isn't actually about the French revolution, that's just the background stuff. The game is about Arno's love affair and murder mystery, and artifact hunting, and conflict with Bellec who has conflict with the Templar order, and meanwhile the French revolution is happening and the assassins aren't especially concerned with all that.The multiplayer - It seems like they tried to make several multiplayer platforms for this game, except it ended up not becoming as popular as they'd hoped. Multiplayer would have been fun but it's poorly implemented and all over the place.Microtransactions - Where you buy equipment upgrades and horse armour with real life money. I'm not opposed to paying for content dlcs, but this feels like a transparent attempt at ripping you off without giving much back.The nomad/helix/creed points - The nomad points are from some kind of now defunct attempt at multiplayer, the helix points are a microtransactions money grub where you pay a lot of money for insanely overpowered equipment, creed points are like money but very specifically for equipment upgrades. Seems kind of messy and like they could find no other way of having people level their items up at the same pace as the game so they found a workaround by inventing a different currency for everything.The XP system was bad in Syndicate, it sounds like Origins will be a grinding based World of Warcraft type RPG so I think they still don't quite have it down."
,Not Recommended,289650,12997382,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Julveyo,"The worst Assassin's Creed game is in the series.Pro:- graphics looks truly next gen, but not for the peasants;- redesigned combat system;- Elise.Cons:- The story in this game is a total disaster, the writers absolutely have no idea what to write about in the AC's universe without Corey May;- No modern days gameplay;- The game is designed life F2P for which you actually paid a lot and that things demands even MORE;- No attempts to use the French Revolution timing for the good of the game's story, it's just a noise background with no sense, the people of that time almost not in use at all;- Bugs, a lot of bugs, the QA did absolutely nothing;- Uplay itself, guys, learn to code your♥♥♥♥♥♥ making Uplay offlay boosting up +10fps plus no freezes;- redesigned parkour system requires a lot of more testing and programming, the avatar just doing what he isn't supposed to do, and the movement, this kind of the teleport jumps, oh boy, this is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ idea of forcing the player to play low value products (Initiates, Companion App) to be able to perfect the original product.Verdict: No go, never buy that thing. Only if you are big fan of the AC then only after 4-5 paths at some sells for $15 tops."
76561197965418245,Not Recommended,289650,12886945,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,HollenHund,"Very buggy with many grapical glitchles, preformance issues and bugs."
,Not Recommended,289650,12886509,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Legionrip (Shawn),This game is A very cool game with a cool story and A good installment in the Assassin's Creed game franchise.... That being said the PC Version is just aweful... Glitch after Glitch and aweful Optomization.... I wouldn't recommand this game ON PC at this state (Obviously this is Day 1 but come on guys.... this is still really bad even for Day 1)
76561197984561669,Not Recommended,289650,12946662,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Pugnatum,"Terrible. Does not deliver as advertised. In normal circumstances we could expect a refund but as this in unlikely I would advise anyone considering this game to wait a few years till it is on a steam sale for $5 (a more realistic value). Such a pedigree wasted for a ""timely release""."
,Not Recommended,289650,12927236,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,30SecondHero,"...Microtransactions work very well... very optimized for any platform.The game in general? Yeah, about that..."
,Not Recommended,289650,12886167,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Knicf,"Can't believe I wasted 60 bucks on this and I cant even play it. I recommend this game to people who have the best computers in the world, but for all of you normal computer users, don't even bother. It's all choppy and dumb. It doesn't work on my end and many people are having the same damn problem."
76561198044714441,Not Recommended,289650,12950371,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Joginman611,Is there a way to get your money back?!?
76561198007750158,Not Recommended,289650,12971757,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,eltlycan,I love this series but they dropped the ball!wait for a couple of updates before you pay 60 euros.the savegame can get corrupted so i wasted 4 hours.I hope ubisoft doesn't become the second EA!
,Not Recommended,289650,12886672,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Logakbrown,"If you don't the recommended specs, I would not advice buying this game unless you would like to be booted from your game every six minutes and enjoy spending hours reloading and trying new ways to make it look terrible just to get and extra frame."
76561198021009695,Not Recommended,289650,12971376,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,lgrtec,"This game is a disaster. First I was playing with manageable crashes that were frustrating, but hey it happens. Then, after a certain cutscene, the game kept crashing and wouldn't load. Ok, really starting to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Now, I can't even start the damn game without crashing right from start. Great job porting this game Ubisoft. You are now the new EA."
,Not Recommended,289650,13022285,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Number 16 Bus Shelter,Biggest issue is performance but the devs have abandoned the game so no fix anytime soon. Should run like a gtx 750 does on most games if you have a 980.
,Not Recommended,289650,12887545,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Salad(MCRD Parris Island),"Even though i am a very big fan of the Assassins Creed series, i do not recommend this game, since the port onto PC is honestly terrible, i feel like triple A titles and companies never test their games... I would recommend to get this game on Either the Play Station 4, or Xbox One, since there wont be frame lag,and the game will still look great......"
,Not Recommended,289650,13227012,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,NikxDa,Worst Assassins Creed yet in my opinion.My System runs on 4Ghz QuadCore i5 and a GTX 770 with 16GBs of RAM and it lagsas hell - on lowest settings.
,Not Recommended,289650,13935303,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,=UWS= Oo-Nomad-oO,"I want to love this game, but I'm finding it so hard to!The graphics are great, the gameplay is good, but it is just overwhelmingly broken with constant bugs, terrible optimisation for the PC, wonky animations, the list goes on.It's such a shame too because I was so excited for this game after the stellar Black Flag. This isn't to say the game isn't good, that's far from true, it's just so rushed but when it does work properly it's great but at the moment it's not a good purchase IMO.Then there is the Coop, which is the biggest feature I have wanted since the AC series began and we get it finally!! Is it good? Yes but again, only when it works properly. Roaming with friends seems ok, doing missions is another beast entirely. Wonky AI, FPS up and down like a yoyo, enemies randomly spawning next to you and with players using smoke as a way to escape a fight barely works as the AI seems to use 18th century thermal vision or something and still sees you, being spotted through walls etc!I would recommend to get the game but not just yet, wait a while until Ubisoft pull their fingers out and fix it but given what they did with Ghost Recon: Future Soldier on the PC, I really wouldn't hold my breath."
76561198040148409,Not Recommended,289650,12934413,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,GORLIPHANT,"저는 그래픽카드가 Zotac의 GTX 780ti amp edition이고 cpu는 i7 4790k입니다만.. 자잘한 프레임 드랍은 많이 느껴집니다. 모든 옵션은 최고사양으로 하고 안티는 txaa로 하고 pcss도 켰구요. 하지만 게임 플레이를 못할정도로 프레임 드랍이 심한건 아니네요. 근데... 자잘한 버그(npc들이 바닥위에 살짝 떠있는 모습들)와 코옵 미션을 하면서 게임 자체가 튕긴적이(1시간동안) 3번이나 됩니다. 결코 이 게임이 문제가 없는것은 아닌거 같은데요.. 분명 재미는 있지만 시즌패스까지 구매하지는 않은게 다행이라고 생각되네요... 시즌패스는 좀더 최적화나 버그픽스등이 나온후에 결정하고 구매해도 괜찬을것 같습니다.  비추천을 누르는 이유는 이 게임을 살지 말지 고민하시는 분들을 위해서입니다. 아직까지는 버그 패치라던가 나오지 않았기 때문에조금더 기다렸다가 구매하시는걸 추천합니다.My graphic card is Zotac's GTX 780ti amp edition and cpu is i7-4790k (4.0ghz~4.5ghz)I think my computer configuration is not bad at all.In graphic option, i turned on all the options to the Ultra high, anti-aliasing to TXAA and also the shadow configuration to PCSS. I can feel the frame drops frequently but not that serious that i cant play the game. I also found out that there are few NPCs who are standing in the air!!!!! not on the ground.Another problem is that when I played the co-op missions, my unity game crashed 3 times within an hour.I am writing this review right after the crash of the game during co-op missions.The developers have to do something about this matter soon.I guess I will buy the season pass later when they release the patch for the bug fix and the frequent frame drops.I do not recommend the game for the people who are considering the purchase of this game.I think its better they buy this game after the developers release the patch and solve those problems.It is surely not late to buy this game at that time(isnt it?)"
76561198126793047,Not Recommended,289650,12887060,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bagel,Got it running but when I tried to pick a mission it kept shutting down
,Recommended,289650,34832362,Posted: 9 September,all,Hawky,"At release, it was a mess. Long time after release, still a mess. Now, I had no major trouble to get through... and only a few minor inconveniences like 3x short freeze during the whole game time and sometimes parkour and enemies going weird on me (the two weird things are kind of a trademark of AC Series, so...). Otherwise no crashes and graphic/body/mission glitches. The next game Syndicate felt too similar to Unity in most aspects (towards the end). But, I enjoyed present Unity so I have to say, despite the labor pains, it matured well. Well done.Note: Didn't play multiplayer/co-op and totally evaded the so hated microtransactions, still got everything I wanted and more, just not right away."
,Not Recommended,289650,12945878,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Nodens,"Too much bugs. I keep on getting stuck inside the roofs and ground and can't move. There is a lot of lag. Not just that, but I keep on falling through the floor. This game is playable, but doesn't feel like fun.-10/10Ubisoft screwed up big time. But I still play this game LOL.-Update: lag and getting stuck is still an issue, but I no longer fall through the floor. -9/10"
76561198063170078,Not Recommended,289650,13259333,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Tallaxzn,"Words cannot express how furious i am feeling right now...I've recently bought the game even though i know there were many issues but i was like ""hey, maybe ill be one of the lucky ones experiencing little issues with the game""click...click...click. -$60 from wallet.Finally done installing it and excited to try out the game.Menu loaded, click New game...loading...""saving game"" pops up top right corner..1.3 seconds later,""ACU.exe Has stopped working"" pops up. reloaded the game and tried again but same outcome.♥♥♥♥ing i hate myself as much as i hate Ubisoft. Want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back but i guess i had it coming...Me and my stupidity....SIGHHH.To those of you that haven't bought the game yet, PLEASEEEE PLEASEEE DONT BE LIKE ME AND BUY THIS UNFINISHED GAME FOR $60. NOT ♥♥♥♥ING WORTH IT IF YOU CANT PLAY IT.Just wait till they fix all the issues and even then DO NOT BUY IT!! Let others who already have the game test it out first before you spend $60 on this game."
,Recommended,289650,20099731,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dan | Greuceanu,"I will recommend Unity only because is gorgeous and it has co-op, which by the way is awesome. But oh GOD... this game, even after 1 year after its release it has so many issues: badly optimized, bugs and cluncky controls. If you want to see, explore Revolutionary France you will have a blast.. one frame at a time due to a bad optimization.Assassin’s Creed Unity deserves a 10/10 for graphics, music and atmosphere and a 2/10 for the programing.Buy it, if it runs well keep it, if not just refund and buy it again in 2020 (It will run smoothly then for sure)."
,Recommended,289650,23693994,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,JonathanWhiting13,The game is actually pretty good and most of the major bugs have been fixed.Worth it when on sale.
76561198065410700,Not Recommended,289650,12945178,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,whiteknight62b,After playing 4 horrible hours of this garbage of a game they call Assassins creed I truly saw what it was and it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ I luckily did not preorder this time learning from Watch_poop but I didnt take the reviews to seriously. After I bought it I downloaded it for 12 hours in which I was able to play the next day when it downloaded. Upon playing the frame rate dropped and horrible graphics. I bought this game primarily for the Co-op in which I though me and my friend woul be able to play but of course he could never join a game and ubisofts only excuse was that it could not connect to the servers. One mission for about 5 minutes was the only time the game ran at 1080p 60fps for me which was remarkable and looked beautiful. It truly was a shame how I saw the games potential and realize how bad it turned out everywhere else. Ubisoft says that they are working hard to release another patch(The second patch did nothing still could not connect to a co op game and it did not adress any issues) but the damage has been done. The amount of thumbs down reviews that this game has had has shown that we are tried of their crap and their stock shows for it. Hopefully my purchase will help you decision to buy it or not. There might be a patch later on but like I said the damage has been done and this game goes down in the books as one of the worst launches in history...
,Not Recommended,289650,12978169,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Miquiztli,"I have played games in alpha stages more polished that this one and without DRM, I know that Ubisoft is going to fix the technical issues but they deserve a bad rating for releasing a very unfinished product (and the Uplay DRM), this truly shows the lack of respect the have for their clients and the fans of this series, I'm not going to play this game until it is truly finished and I'm never going to trust Ubisoft without a tons of reviews before"
76561198118271562,Not Recommended,289650,12946164,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,scb9894,As of the 2nd Patch on November 14th about 20% of the game's problems are fixed. Granted I dont have the best computer but by no means do I have the worst. I am able to play Shadow of Mordor on high graphics without a problem. NOTE: GAME STILL CRASHES EVERY 35 MINUTES! That's almost enough time to do something in the game. Graphics and frame rate are still a big problem. All potential buyers wait until at least the 4th or 5th patch!
76561198055663528,Not Recommended,289650,12915302,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Blasphymer,"A day after release, having had some decent time with it, I can say that AC:U is every bit what most were saying it was going to be: unoptimized, buggy, yet a logical progression in the Assassin's Creed line. The parkour system is absurdly more intuitive than it has been before (about 96% of the time, but thats pretty decent considering the mechanics). The story is compelling, Arno has some decent quips that elicit a chuckle. The progression of Absertgo pushing forth to the public is at least realized from Black Flag, and the overarcing story is at least coherent.The game's biggest flaws come in the highly unfinished state the publisher released it in. Kudos aside, the publisher released a buggy piece of software that has inherent flaws. I was able to run it, albeit on low settings with a mixture of medium and high settings. Granted, I have an older Radeon HD7850 and an AMD cpu running at 4 gigz (at overclock to boot!). There are FPS drops, and commonly freezing. I fall through the world, resulting in desynchronization and having to restart memories. I get stuck in gargoyles, railings, and even the floor at times. The cloth and hair sim bugs and starts fidgeting, and overall the phsyics like to go wonky.Now for the pros and cons:Pros:- New and improved Parkour system- Customizable outfit- Interesting and acceptable voice acting- Stunning rendition of late 18th century FranceCons:- Horrid framerate issues- Steep performance/qaulity ratios- Buggy phsyics- Unfinished feel- Lack of crowd variability- Lack of enemy types- Immersion breaksOverall, not recommendable in this state. Maybe after bugfixes, mods, and patches this game can be recommended. Yet as of this writing, the game is definitely not worth the sixty bucks.Besides all of this, and bugs aside, its the perfect Assassin's Creed game. It's what the franchise aspired, and has gotten. Yet its probably far too late for the perfect Creed game, considering how many titles the series has pushed out."
76561198113123905,Not Recommended,289650,12915959,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Wisward,"Wow I though it could've been better, but as of now it isn't best game i've ever played. I would wait! At least untill they give it major performance improvements."
,Not Recommended,289650,13514438,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Triple,Atleast Watch_Dogs was playable.
76561198061000429,Not Recommended,289650,12966501,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Omaras,"Sequence 7 Memory 3 is bugged and I am enraged at the repetetive foolery of lockpicking and pressing the E Key in a way that wins first but endlessly fails the second time at Sequence 7 Memory 3; not to mention how absurd this process serves in destroying a perfectly good keyboard.This is the issue and Ubisoft needs to fix this glitch and I am not the only one having it.  Nobody should buy this game until they fix of change the fight mechanics of this mission.  It is maddeningly outrageous in addition to the hoard of glitches and bugs within the game!This is not my video but this is the exact issue.You be the judge, is this game worth $89 when you can't even complete the storyline at the very least?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1EaTPltilY&feature=youtu.be"
,Not Recommended,289650,12960039,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Winter,Absolute waste of money when you can't even play the damn game. Ubisoft really ♥♥♥♥ed up this time and put out a useless piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,289650,12981785,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,iim.ochi,"Lag on R9 290x, 8gb ram, FX-8350, even on the lowest setting..Never buy an Ubi games again though"
76561198103754661,Not Recommended,289650,13885863,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Sudo,"It had so much potential... But yet again Ubisoft has to ♥♥♥♥ it up just so they can cash in at the bank. And this is coming from someone who has bought all of the assassin's creed games. This game is full of technical, gameplay, mechanical, and ESPECIALLY PREFORMANCE bugs/issues. I wish this game could have been a huge success but no. Thanks ubisoft..."
76561198054733313,Not Recommended,289650,13563388,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Akira,"Biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥from Ubisofts' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. No multiple save slots, buggy gameplay, horrible gameplay interface, changed controls from previous AC game setting standards. Burn in hell Ubisoft, just another  nail in this game companies coffin as a realiable gamemaker."
,Not Recommended,289650,13858081,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,♛Squidwardis Tentaclatis♛,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥1. This game crashes 24/72. I can't get a ♥♥♥♥ing refund3. I got the 'Gold' edition which cost about 130 bucks in AUS4. I paid that♥♥♥♥♥♥with my own money which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198052336082,Recommended,289650,14894273,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Thiadon,"This game got a lot of bad press, but at this point (as of Patch 5), I can finally recommend it. Patch 5 finally fixed the remaining issues I had (SLI issues with water flickering and a few crash bugs). Game is running fine for me at this point, and, overall, it's a fun addition to the franchise.Pros:-The new movement system is much smoother than in previous editions, once you get used to it you can scale buildings, up, down, sideways, and diagonal, and make some impressive leaps, very fluidly-Graphis are pretty impressive-The main story mission is of a decent length, and draws you in-Player equipment customization (armor) is back to affecting stats, plus you can wear an outfit over the top-Reasonably interesting final boss fight, but you can cheese it-Additional game modes are interesting-Progress in companion app is finally not required to access chests (some chests would have taken forever to get)-The (too few) cities are interesting and well mapped-There's only one property you can buy and improveCons:-The ending to the main story sucks and is a letdown on so many levels, the Dead Kings DLC helps with that somewhat, but, avoiding spoilers, the biggest thing that made the ending suck doesn't change (and can't change as it's pretty final what happens)-No ships, hunting, crafting ?!?!-Most of the armors, and the pants, look pretty cheesy, even if themed according to the period; prowler armor is decent though-No recruiting and training up Assassin's in-game, it's all handled through the companion app; which means you can't access them in-game to help with missions-Feels like a much smaller world than previous titlesAll in all it's a good addition, if there would have been naval combat, assassins in-game, crafting, and more opportunity to explore (and no bugs at launch), and to own property, it would have been one of the best, as it is, I put it somewhere around Assassin's Creed 2. Black Flag is still the best game in the series to me, but I haven't played Rogue yet."
76561198081712692,Not Recommended,289650,13110940,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,NOTORIOUS HASAN.,"Are you a fan of the Assassin's Creed series? Then it's ok for you to bu... You know what, no. Even if you love the Assassin's Creed games. Don't buy this game, it's broken as hell. It's so broken i don't even dare to continue playing this game. The game crashes almost every goddamn time. Almost everytime when i'm inside a building, the screen goes blue so i can't see a thing. The game is unfinished. This is a big game that should take more than just 3 years to make. It would actually be alot better if Ubisoft delayed this game to TBA 2015 instead. Don't buy this game, ignore it. If you want a great Assassin's Creed game, then i recommend Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag.Now that i think of it, i'm actually really glad that Rocksteady delayed Batman: Arkham Knight because they know that the game can have alot of problems if you release a few months after it's first announcement.No, skip this game.  I just recently downloaded the third update for the game, the game is still broken.1/10"
,Not Recommended,289650,12971227,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Carmra,"The game itself was ok, new customization and free-roam coop was good. They made an ok iteration of assassin's creed this time around.But, that was all overshadowed by the frequent crashes, graphical glitches, and awful framerate (please note that I do meet the minimum requirements shown).On top of that, after nearly 24 hours of gameplay the game itself crashed, my data was corrupted, and everything was lost.Do not buy this game unless your computer meets and exceeds the system requirements, you are ok with constantly crashing, and you don't care one way or another if all of your save data is deleted after 23.5 hours spent in game."
76561198091357911,Not Recommended,289650,12889766,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,CUBErt,"The game is just not worth playing for now. Even with my GTX 680, i7 3770 and 16gb of RAM I am barely able to run the game without it being a glitchy mess(EVEN ON THE LOWEST SETTINGS)!!I really hope ubisoft is working on a patch as of right now because the game is impossible to enjoy."
,Recommended,289650,34112212,Posted: 8 August,all,MstrMex,"Sooooo much better than everyone says it is, I dont know why people heate it so much. Definetily worth it on sale or not"
,Not Recommended,289650,12890003,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Raithon,"_____NOT GAME REVIEW_____GLITCHY RELEASE ALERT.this game is not optimized. AT ALLim running  required specs and then some, i know people with higher spec machines and they also cant really play the game..... this is attroucous UBISOFT. force purchase through steam. now i have to have 2 apps open to run the thing, i pre order it and everything and its freaking broken... GREAT JOB GUYS. NEXT LETS RUB TWO STICKS TOGETHER AND WATCH FIRE BURN YOUR SALES TO CRAP!?*mutter* //endrant.Full advice, dont buy this game yet. its not worth the glitchy release. 90% chance the game will have spiking FPS for you."
,Not Recommended,289650,12935615,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Sithis,"This is the worst assassins creed yet. It glitches often, even on a high-end pc.  The gamplay is choppy and I have just about warn out my mouse sensitivity button switching from gameplay to map.  Do Not buy this ""game"".For a better use of your time and money, get a stack of paper, a pack of pens, and play tic-tac-toe with yourself.This is the reason I will no longer pre ordwer anything from ubisoft.  They are incompetent, idiotic morons who cant keep their word."
76561198053821916,Not Recommended,289650,12969967,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ragnar Kukbryt,"Besides from the fact of fps drops and bad optimization on both consoles and pc and the amount of bugs at release the game is also....Alot more slower in pacing in both fighting and parkour, none of wich feels as fluid as they did in the predecessors.Seems like they paced both of them down for the worst, remember getting slightly amped running around in the other games cus it would feel like the movement was fluid and fast!?!? ♥♥♥♥ THAT SAID♥♥♥♥♥UNITY!In♥♥♥♥♥unity you don't feel like that even without the fps drops on high end pcs, the game pace is still alot slower then the other games, the so called is customization is a F-kin joke with micro transactions for cash in reasons.The story is ok, the animations are great, the gameplay is horid and slow, and the release optimization is the worst i've seen in years... Fps drops and random crashes is lovely!Hey maybe ♥♥♥♥♥oft, could test their game a bit more instead of using prebuyers and paying costumers as beta testers? this♥♥♥♥♥♥release wouldn't fly in the old days on the older consoles since releasing a broken game back then was no fix but to re-release the entire game.But hey now in the days of the internet, developers get away with this kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t without any bigger knockbacks and they are probably laughing all the way to the bank on release day.As we all pay for unfinished halfway done♥♥♥♥♥♥ and in a couple of months the game might be enjoyable, but the release days hassle will have sucked all the joy out from playing it!﻿"
76561198042625366,Not Recommended,289650,12891291,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,skurvypete,Has the optimization of a potato...
76561198062080038,Not Recommended,289650,12908081,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zweite-Leutnant Irish,so i cant evan play im on low graphical every thing and i have an amazing cumputer the game just keeps crashing on the first mission. starting to thing im wasted monney
76561198019483102,Not Recommended,289650,12906915,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,blazinguns,I SUCKS IT HAS WHITE FLICHERS i want a refund i till it works
,Not Recommended,289650,12913027,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,theRLtoddspring,"I don't normally review games, but I couldn't hold my tongue.I've been following Assassin's Creed since the first game all those years ago, and have enjoyed each and every following installment in their own right. Last year's Black Flag was an unexpected change from rooftop crawling, but it was fantastic. With Unity, there are some strong points: the game looks stunning (when it isn't glitching and stuttering), and the co-op is refreshing (when it isn't glitching and stuttering). I even like what bits of the story I've played so far (which is why I play these games in the first place).That being said, this review is less for the actual game and more for the company which made it.I cannot believe in my right mind that Ubisoft didn't know it would release like this. From the ""review embargo"" to the microtransactions, what they have done with Unity is completely unacceptable. It looks as though they were trying to supress bad reviews of the game in order to make as much money as they could before the obvious performance issues came to light. This was an incomplete game and a game which required much better porting than what we were given. I've never felt like I was playing a simulation while in the Animus before, but now it feels exactly that, and between the stutters and the random framerate dips, it is like playing a laggy MMO when your ping is too high.Guards glitch in combat. You're at full health and all of a sudden the guard transports across the screen and your dead. Player character falling through holes in the world. Borderless windowed mode does not work. As the other reviews will tell you, the list goes on.On a bit of the stranger side, my game crashed early on after stuttering and framerate dips and a whole plethora of other problems, only to reboot and have no stutter whatsoever. The game has been fairly stable since then, but I'll be knocking on wood after posting this review. I have literally no idea how or what caused this to happen.So, would I recommend this game?Not in its current state. I'm glad to see Ubisoft is taking fire for this, but I'm hoping there will be a patch soon which will fix this issue. I meet the hardware requirements good and well. Like many of the reviews are saying, it has nothing to do with not meeting hardware specs.It's just a horrendous and lazy port."
76561198041382364,Not Recommended,289650,12990512,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Mooshoe,"HORRIBLE game engine... You will not only be transported back to the French Revolution, you will also be transported back to the beginning of the Computer Revolution. Ubilag has found away to bring back the experiences of the Dail Up connection era. LAG, lag, and more lag. Disconnections constant. and if you buy the game after all this, you have only yourself to blame."
76561197968518508,Not Recommended,289650,12922892,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,[db.]Rookski,"My PC (that cost $6,000 2 months ago), which struggles to play it on medium:Intel Core i7 5930k (12CPUs)Giganye GA - X99 SOC Force32GB Gskillz Ripjaws DDR4 2400mhz RAMTWO GTX 980 Graphics CardSSamsung EVO 840 1tb SSDPlus heaps more... for example the Asus ROG G-Sync Monitor etc...It should rip it to shreds...This game isn't even at Alpha stage."
,Not Recommended,289650,12885698,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Kenuty,"Review is done, It is a shame that the performance got in my way which took me about 4 hours to tweak around and fix up myself personally, not only that the entire game's plot was quite dull for me, I really wanted to love this game but I forced myself to coop and gather gear and weapons so that I can quickly finish the story of this game I can never truly enjoy it as much as the other past creeds. I hated to put my thumbs down for this one seriously as a Triple A title but I was seriously disappointed to the max. Hopefully looking forward to a comeback to this title as this goes down to one of my top 10 spot of disappointments right next to the mass effect 3 ending and other fiascos. This shows that you can make something big but if you don't polish it well this is what happens.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdJ9dHZR4qw&list=UUXGd7RegfStA25hUftOyVfwandthis onehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uO2Bbw15lVA&feature=youtu.beADVICE - TURN OF Anti-Aliasing and PCSS- Shadowsyou'll get better fps is what I gathered from a friend. Helped my framerates until then. Also go offline from UPLAYGameplay Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DV_omUp16VIStoryI have spent about 40 hours in the game and just finally beaten it. I will have to say that this was not a great assassin's creed at all to me but a subpar B rated title.The story of the game as you already know is about Arno who is a Frenchmen and son of an assassin, his father was killed and so he was adopted by a templar who was also killed. He blames himself and goes to join the brotherhood to rise the ranks and defeat the mastermind behind it.The story felt very forced amd rushed. and so did the romance, it was a very dull plot from finish to end instead of being great like past assassin's creed that leaves players hungry for more. This game left me with asour taste as if I had accomplished nothing and wasted my time.  It was a complete letdown andGraphicsThe maps and architecture in this game looks amazing and is very large, the buildings are very aesthetically detailed and for those that can experience it without performance hitches its very clear work and detail has been put into the game's design. Maps have tunnels underneath it and buildings that you can go in this time around.CombatThe combat to the game this time is the same as the others with attack, parry, and roll except the kill streaks are taken out and is much harder, It needs more work because sometimes it can get clunky during battle due to possible bugs or fighting 5 stars enemy is such a pain. Best way of clearing enemies are using bombs smokes etc and just killing them all.ParkourThe parkour is improved with the ability to traverse up and down however can be quite buggy when it comes to climbing near windows. I felt like pressing directional in all different ways and solving a puzzle just to get past them.MultiplayerThe coop itself is very lacking, they took away the previous death match style games and replaced it with forced coops in certain places. There are coop missions you can do to earn unlock in armors and get more money with random mob generation which bugs out.  Most of the time people don't really try to stealth them, everyone rushes in kills accomplishes the mission or sometimes do escorts, rinse repeat and I can seriously see the replay value of this game dropping in a few weeks.Other gameplayI love the fact that you can go over and over a mission to redo it again figuring out different routes in the game though it is limited in ways you can do them really but nevertheless the choice is thereThe armor aspect of the game is a greay way to customize your assassin's but at the same time  quite silly because you can literally buy it all with helix points by paying which is such a silly and greedy system, You don't have to but you can do so.Final opinionTruly, I cannot recommend this game until things are fixed. The gameplay is by no mean horrible at all and by no mean very exciting but its the performance issues that really gets in the way.When you turn down settings to tone it all down even to low and get the same fps problems its clearly an issue with the game not my rig. The game itself is having problems on consoles! If you do your research Everyone is having problems in this game even the higher end tier rigs with the fps and only a handful of people can run it. Overall the game itself was very sub par and introduces some nice new mechanics but also failed to really bring anything exciting to the table. At best for this triple A title it felt B rated and dissappointing, as a Fan I will have to thumb this one down and wait for them to pick themselves up.Pros so far+ The architect and the city of paris is made very nicely along with the aesthetics.+Maps is large, theres a sewer/crypt level along with buildings you can even enter.+ The New Parkour system, how you can go up and down, its smooth, damn smooth and the direcitons it lets you manuever when you make the free runs. However can be clunky near windows.+ The new Stealth system is a nice addition to the game.+ The combat this time flows pretty smoothly and is more challenging basically its just the redone system with kill streaks taken out.Cons so far- Horrible Optimization on release full of bugs and glitches- The animation in combat isn't great, looks like weapons are floating at enemies instead of really impacting them.- The requirements are absurd, I have a tough pc, the 680 signature overclock runs it fine, though not at the highest settings. I've seen people with higher end cards having mini lags and issues during the cutscenes. Mine runs them at 25-30 and the game microstutters at wierd times.- Sometimes the free form running can make you run in a wierd angle if you aren't facing a certain way correctly windows etc and going past it is just a pain.- Co-op is uninspiring and the ability to actually buy items and gears defeats the purpose of playing the game to earn it. Why not keep the Deathmatch from previous games or add modes to that concept? the replay value is lacking and I can see this dieing real fast.- Forced coop and I barely see any of it.Yt/twitch Kenuty"
,Not Recommended,289650,12976147,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,蟲M,"Garbage classification: recyclable, other waste, Ubisoft."
76561197982139828,Not Recommended,289650,13455108,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,uncas1755,"Caveat Emptor buyers:This application is still very much in Beta release, and the support for the product is less than steller. If at all possible, you should wait at least another month or two. Trust me, it will go on sale again. (As it's terribly flawed)For the record I pre-ordered the title to support the AC game(s) franchise, but $90 later (gold version of game and season pass), buying around $800 in PC upgrades (Latest CPU,MoBo,& Video card), and only being able to use the game %33 of the time now since it's release due to MAJOR flaws in the game, I would have rather gotten a refund. (Game crashes completely on me at the start screen, even with the latest ""fix"" released just 1 day ago)I did officially ask for a refund from both Steam and Ubisoft. (I had to try, right?) Obviously they said no... :-)"
76561197998435808,Not Recommended,289650,12993393,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,economicBanana,"Let me start of by saying I am a great fan of the Series and have been a Supporter of Ubisoft for many years now. I've foolishly preordered the game a few months ago and I have given the Devs some time now to fix the game so here is my Review on it so far:Graphics: The game can be amazingly beautiful. The Artist did a superb job of creating a realistic and wonderful Paris, unfortunetly most players won't see it. The required Specs are really high and even if you meet them there are a bunch of graphical bugs and problems ruining the scenery. (Not even mentioning the problems it had at launch, which now have been partially fixed) (3/10 on release) 6/10Sound: Excellent choice of music and voice actors, all quite well. No Problems here, nothing grandios either. 9/10Balance: Fights have gotten a lot harder in my opinion but are still managable, if you don't happen to face a couple of well placed snipers who seem a bit OP. I'm really glad they fixed the alarm system, getting caught no longer means mission failure in stealth. The Assassinations can be performed differently now with a open approach on how you get to and kill the Target, although the secondary objectives are a bit too obvious in my taste. Then there is the microtransaction. This is a full price release, there shouldn't be microtransaction in it. Period. 7/10Atmosphere: Paris is alive, there are people everywhere going about their daily business, you feel the uprest in the Citiziens and the tension between Guards, Fanatics and the Assassin. The districts are diverse and all sides of the city. The main story however is (as always) told in the present, which more then ever is more annoying than enjoyable. The jumps in history and ""Simulation"" seem like a quick way to throw some exciting stuff in but makes it hard for me to immerse myself into the world. 8/10Controls: As always in AC best played with the Controller but Mouse and Keyboards works alright. The menues are obviously designed to work on consoles but are not terrible on the PC. But as always there are the weird problems with the free-running and climbing, getting stuck on weird places for no reason. 7/10Extent: Paris is a large City, filled with the usual treasure and collectables, but some of the treasure is only accesable through playing the Companion App or Browser Game. There are many secondary missions (some of which are refreshingly new and interesting like the Murder Cases) so you'll be busy even though the main story is not really long. Now here is the real problem though: Save games are not save. When released saving the game was pointless and even though it was fixed for a time, many players still have problems with this including me. I had about 45% of the game when it got patched, now this save game is broken and I can't save anymore. (Was 6/10) 2/10AI: Decent enough AI, the enemies have different approches and don't all wait their turn to be slaughtered like they used to in the older games, even though the regular guards are still easily overpowered. Allies are helping out ok, civilians are behaving like they should though sometimes a bit too late. Some guards have spotted me where they shouldn't have and not spotted me where they should have, and (especially in Co-Op) NPCs tend to have problems navigating.7/10Weapons and Skills: Costumization has gotten a lot of love in this game. There are many different Outfits, Clothes, Colours, Weapons and Skills to unlock and you can make your Assassin look unique. Sadly most Outfits must be unlocked (again) via the Companion App or Browser game. Also many of the Skills players have gottten used to as standart must be unlocked again. Some of the Skills and gadgets seem useless in the end game. Speaking of Skills, there is no way to get all Skills unlocked in the game. This is terrible as in the first playthrough you don't even know which skills are gonna be useful. 6/10Story: As always the historical context and playing with the historical events and people is a lot of fun. Some Characters are great but sadly come to short in the story (Napoleon or de Sade) while the story focuses on a dull and obvious love story. The twists and the end are very predictable, and no veteran of the Series should be suprised. Sadly the ending is not only obvious but also seems unfinished and rushed. There is no real resolution as the game again only tells you about the love story not every other part of the story. Arno is an overall ok character but doesn't really have anything motivating him except for the love interest. I expect Ubisoft will provide more story and explanation in the coming DLC's and sequels but Unity's story leave me dissapointed nontheless. 4/10Multiplayer: Lets put the first few days of Server troubles behind us and look at the Coop. The Idea behind it is great to me and it feels awesome to climb, jump and fight around as a team but the realization is again the problem. The Uplay servers still have problems, the gameplay is laggy, the NPCs are having difficulty and take way to long to follow protocol. Plus communication with your team (which would be very helpful) is impossible which makes it weird as most players don't like to follow each other around. 5/1061/100Summary: Do NOT buy this game in this state. Last time I've preordered from Ubisoft. They need to fix their game, which is a shame because at the core the game is really fun but it was released too soon. Maybe pick it up the Defenitve Edition when all DLC's and Patches are out."
76561198149913295,Not Recommended,289650,13989577,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,LuckyOtter,"[after the 4th patch]Alrighty....let's see....where do I start...Assassin's Creed Unity is taking place on the 19th Century French Revolution. We follow a new character Arno Victor Dorion in his quest to find the culprit who murdered his adoptive father. He along with his lover, Elise de la Serre (Elise is for revenge, while Arno is simply doing it for redemption).[Visual]This is something that many people will more likely agree. This game is truly beautiful. I appreciate the fact that Ubisoft truly made the game really eye candy. You can go to many other places and see the beauty on the poor and rich side of Paris. Of course, to experience this well, you might have to have a good PC to explore it pretty well. Otherwise, it is just a tease to you.[Gameplay]The game seems to play out like a refined version of AC1. The parkouring is smooth, but sometimes a bit buggy. The Combat is actually more difficult than one might think, if fighting a bunch of guards, you might end up using alot of smoke bombs and even with all the medicine you take, it might not be enough and you will more likely die. The new combat also removed the free flow kill streaks and counter kills, instead you parry, attack, or dodge. Fans wanted a more difficult challenge, and so they have it. Now the Fanbase is divided about it. For me, it wasn't bad but it could have been better refined. I believe Ubi was trying to add more realism into the AC series, after all, I don't think its normal for someone to kill 10 guards under 1 minute unless you had explosives. Stealth in this game is possible. It's not really the best stealth feature, but it is possible.[Missions & Other Objectives]The Main Missions are pretty well done If I may say. You can enter a building, lure them out, riot, go yolo, sneak under the building, etc. This made the game less repetitive. I cannot say the same for the Side Mission however, they do tend to repeat itself, however it does have some interesting stories behind these missions. Investegation Missions is pretty awesome, you play detective and try to figure out who murdered the person, and you have a variety of people to blame. So choose wisely. The Notredamus Puzzle is the most time consuming unworthy chore I ever done. You pretty much do all these painful riddles just to get a reskin altair costume that is merely cosmetic, I personally think it is not worth it. And finally the helix rifts. They are actually part of the storyline and you are basically just trying to escape that era. It was pretty enjoyable to watch and explore this small linear era, but it wasn't that big of a deal as I thought. The game has chest...BUT WAY too many chests....and some Nomad Chests and Initiate chest that are usually not opened to you unless you use a third party program (AC Initiates and the AC Unity app). There are finally co-op missions which aren't bad, but has little to no communication with ur teammates whatsoever and sometimes you will end up with just one fellow player instead of three.[Customization & Weapons]This is the only game in the series that has ALOT of customization for your character. Its really REALLY well done and many people enjoyed having their own attire. The weapons are also pretty cool as well. Some of these attires must be unlocked through missions, chests or through club competitions (which hasn't started yet)[Story]I won't lie to you guys, I say this as a true fan of the AC storyline, the story....is the weakest of all the series. I will explain with no spoiler as possible. The story focuses soo much on Arno and Elise that everyone else, including historical figures, was forgetable. And even when it focuses on Arno and Elise, it feels pretty meh. I do admit though, their love story is pretty well made. This is pretty much how the story usually ends up going: Arno kills the target, drain his target's memories to find the next target (there is no last words for the victim unfortunatly), kills the next guy, repeat. I know there is story behind all of it, but there is hardly any backstory for that target, not even the main target hardly had a backstory other than the fact he is a sage (but we knew that from the beginning). The ending was....I have to say...it was pretty cliche....and the Modern Day storyline was little to nonexistant , unfortunatly. I am NOT saying the story was horrible, but it is a weak storyline for an AC game.[Bugs & Glitches]This is where the game's experience was killed since its launch. It performed badly. Now we are at Patch 4. I can say that Online was fixed but it still isn't perfect. the Crashes however, I still get that. It really does kill the experience for me along with constant stuttering issues. I was able to run this game at around 45 fps with custom high/ultra high setting so it wasn't entirely bad for me. But I really cannot say the same for others. If you check the forums, you will see that many people can't run this game as well as others (this includes people with good PCs and bad PCs.) I also read reports that as if Patch 4, SLI/Crossfire Users perform worse for them.[Microtransactions]This one has no affect to us in gameplay, since this is optional. However, this cannot be ignored either. Putting microtransactions on a Single-player/Co-op game, simply to get items early instead of encouraging players to get them through effort is just....wrong. What bothers me is the price....it ranges from $20 - $100 and the helix credits aren't that much either. This is possibly the worst thing I ever saw in an AC game and this sort of business practice has made Ubisoft look like the new EA.[Recommend?]This game does have fun in it and I know you see a thumbs down. The reason is because this game may not run for everyone and to top it all, this game still has major issues that needs to be dealt with and the chances of having that is 50/50. You might be one of the lucky ones to run the game with little to no problems, or be one of those unfortunate enough to have a bad experience, Sooo....If you feel you can run this game and can deal with the issues the game has, by all means get it since it can still prove to be enjoyable, BUT please...get this game during discount, because I personally think this isn't worth the full price. This game isn't simply given by Ubisoft haters, but fans alike as well. Trust me...If a lot of people are complaining less about Uplay and more on Unity, then something went seriously bad for Ubisoft. I really worry for the series now. Personally, this game may have been given a recommendation or just a mere complaint about Uplay launcher if there were little bugs and glitches, or at least a good optimization and better support. The damage has been done and there is no doubt that this game became one of the biggest dissapointment of 2014 (sorry my fellow gamers who do like this game, but as much as I enjoyed some of the gameplay given by this game, would have to agree.)"
,Recommended,289650,26349011,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sir Bruce of House Wayne,"Underrated. Sure it was a mess at release, but it runs way better than syndicate, while having WAY better visuals. The combat actually takes some skill, not the most in gaming, but definately the most in any new AC game. Story is solid, the coop is actually fun(if anyone played it). If Ubisoft had not rushed this game out the door, it would have been remembered fondly. Too bad they did, which just piles on the problem that they assumed the new consoles would be more powerful and jumped the gun, but that's not really their fault. Buy it on sale, it's worth it. Less busywork than syndicate and more stealth 12/10Also you can bypass the microtransactions with cheatengine btw since the main thing is grinding for money or using the mobile style currency. Just replace those values and bam, buy the upgrades with that."
,Not Recommended,289650,13637032,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Cheat | сукаблять,"Buggy gameplay, bad story plot, many technical issues, lots of stuttering on 1080p on high-end hardware and the updates which take several months to release fix nothing.At least it doesn't crash for me, but still. Horrible!I honestly thought this was going to be as good as AC2, but I've never been so wrong in my life."
76561198083212789,Not Recommended,289650,13635538,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Jason,"When i Bought this game i was hoping for a great game that ran smooth, im so mad at myself who diddent check the pc version before buying the game. The framerate is tereble you cant even play the game. Before you release a game make sure its optimized!!!!"
,Not Recommended,289650,13947715,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,RobotRogue,"Massive performance issues, graphical artifacts, long long looooong load times, made the game virtually unplayable, even at the lowest settings on a fairly new gaming PC. Absolutely disgusted with Ubisoft for releasing such a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor performing game. Shame I can't get my money back."
,Not Recommended,289650,12942894,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,BrutalSwede [WP],"You can't pet the animals anymore. 0/10EDIT: On a more serious note:This game is ""good"" in the sense that the story is OK, the technology implemented is amazing, but the performance is really poor.I know my PC is technically the ""Min"" specs for this game, but it still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥most of the time even though it shouldn't. This game could have been optimized to run so much better, but the people at Ubi decided that they should rush the game.If they had taken a few more months (I wouldn't mind, I just want a finished game) this game could have been so much better."
,Not Recommended,289650,12908192,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zulu9001,"Oh God soooooooooooooo laggggy!!!Not at all optimized. I am running pair of AMD 7800s crossfire and it lags like hell on medium.the clothes flop around everywhere, i cant get past the first level because of the lag and the awful camera motions.Day 1 and already this game needs a patch release!! Ubisoft, please do some more testing and make sure your games work before releasing them.As of now, wont recommend buying it....not until they do a patch release and fix it"
76561198052369059,Not Recommended,289650,12916696,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Jarflock,"I love the simulation of extreme drunkenness Ubisoft has created!  Every moment of the game closely mimics the effects of advanced intoxication with the stuttering, jerky visuals, unresponsive controls, and best of all the overly helpful AI deciding that I really really want to jump up on a barrel, or climb a wall, rather than continue running away from the armed men chasing me.  Assassin's Creed;  This is What Being a Drunken Idiot Feels Like, is a great experience that I heartily recommend for all.  Just make sure you buy it expecting a drunk simulator; if instead you expect a stealth/parkour game set in revolutionary Paris, you may be disappointed."
76561198030195469,Recommended,289650,17386953,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Uzin,Pleasantly suprised! I uninstalled game many months ago because I couldn't handle the unstable graphics (even at low settings). Based on recent reviews posted which were still not very positive I almost didn't give the game another chance. I think the game plays fantastic now (patch 1.5) even at the highest settings. I feel it is now worth purchasing - if the graphics/performance are not acceptable for you then a refund can be requested.
76561198136335104,Not Recommended,289650,12977403,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,CuntBuyMyLove,"This is not Assasin's creed, this is Game of Bugs."
76561198054545363,Not Recommended,289650,12908631,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,dreggon,"as others have stated the games FPS is broken hopefully they fix it, but as it is now the game is unplayable with two gtx780ti gfx cards this should play without issueim sure the game is good, but until it is playable i wont know so until then...."
,Not Recommended,289650,13984215,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,SciLog1c,First thing you need for a good game - ability to fu*%ing play it.
76561198088289750,Not Recommended,289650,14184338,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Waifu Trash Weaboo,Best powerpoint presentation! 10/10 would uninstall again
76561198063640354,Not Recommended,289650,12908433,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,L3GENDOFTHEW3ST,UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE SHOULD YOU PURCHASE THIS HORRIBLE PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ IT IS SO BADLY OPTIMIZED THAT IT WOULD TAKE A SUPER COMPUTER AT NASA TO GET A CONSTANT 60FPS. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. IF YOU REALLY MUST PLAY THIS CRAP THEN JUST TORRENT IT CUZ THIS WAS A WASTE OF BANDWIDTH ON MY INTERNET!!!!!
,Not Recommended,289650,12977913,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Keigami,"This has to got to be the buggiest, glitchiest, boring AC released in the franchise history. Honestly Ubisoft is just milking it now, don't waste your money buying it full price like I did. The regret."
,Not Recommended,289650,12977844,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,OMarm,"This game is SO good, that it has inspired me to play Batman: Arkham City again.Wait...what did I just say?"
,Not Recommended,289650,12996215,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Inmost Silence,"Assassin's Creed Unity: A tale of uniting the angerEverybody knows by now that the launch of the highly anticipated Assassin's Creed Unity was - to say the least - a disaster. Tons of millions of bugs scared the customers and serious frame rate issues on every platform caused broken hearts.A long story of patches, new ridiculous bugs and not working features followed the launch (which caused the shares of Ubisoft to drop about 10% at release date), a story no one had expected from a big company like Ubisoft and such a triple-a game.A story which is too long and too churning to be told in this review.Nowadays Ubisoft apologized by making the Dead Kings DLC available for free and giving those, who already ordered the Season Pass an additional free game combined with a hidden oppressive contract. Thanks for that! Plus, they granted us a fourth patch and finally the game is playable with far less problems. So let's focus on the game on its own at the beginning.The GameAssassin's Creed Unity is set during the French revolution in Paris and does a great job showing the tumults and split society. It's love for detail is incredible (the player can notice tons of different animations, from apple picking over dancing to book pressing) and it's graphics are stunning. The city of Paris is really big (maybe even a bit too big) and, applause, the most important feature of Assassin's Creed is back: beautiful architecture to be climbed.This time the game features quite a lot of interiors that are ranged from generic to beautiful and impressive arranged.StoryThe story of Assassin's Creed has a hell of potential, having a really amazing setting - a potential, no game can even fulfil and neither does Unity. The player takes control of Arno, a young Parisian whose father is killed as he was a boy. And there we go with the lamest motivation of all time, which sadly lowers the quality of the story enormously: Revenge. Please Ubisoft, how about Revenge, leading to idealistic deeds?While Arno does have ideals and tries to save humanity, it never feels like he is aware of what he's doing. In conclusion Arno is a much weaker character than Ezio or Altair, and his story can't fascinate the player by far as much as Altair's or Ezio's story could.There are tons of optional quests, but sadly they don't have anything to do with the main story. It's more like occupational therapy than an addition to the story on which the impressions could grow.The game immersion has to suffer from another thing: A lots of game features.The Game FeaturesThe game has several features worth mentioning:Assassin's Creed Unity Mobile Application (needed for a lot of chests)Assassin's Creed: Initiates (needed for some chests)Helix creditscoop multiplayerIn Unity the player is confronted with a lot of blue marked chests to open but as he tries, a tip will be shown, saying that this chest has to be unlocked through theAC: Unity Mobile App. So this 'optional' app becomes needed as it is implemented straight throughout the whole game. In this mobile app you are tasked to find some hidden signs on each viewpoint (which is quite difficult sometimes) and then hire some assassins to do several tasks (lasting from 1 to 12 hours). Each task is granting you a Chest in Unity. You can tell this takes a lot of time andoff courseUbisoft is nice to the gamer and offers a Premium Edition and other mobile ingame transactions to save time. Really, Ubisoft? Didn't I pay you already? Like 60/90$ ?And actually I bought Unity to play an rpg and not a simulator-like planning game.Assassin's Creed: Initiates(currently offline, at this time like forever) is an online service that registers all your achievements of the previous instalments of the franchise - well, it should but it didn't wherefore it's offline now (since 2 months) so that Ubisoft can fix this.There are several golden chests in Unity, containing money or the outfits of the previous assassins, that can only be unlocked by achieving a given level in Initiates by having played the older games or by doing the 'soon coming' daily practices. At least one can access those chests for free. And during the time being offline, they can be unlocked without using Initiates.TheHelix creditsare an ingame currency that can be achieved by paying dollars. Nope, you didn't misread, there is an ingame shop in Unity, granting additional time savers and time-limited boosters. Yes, theoretically AC: Unity is a full-price triple-a game. No, we are not talking of a cheap MMO or free-to-play here. Yes, additional ingame transactions.This 'issue' doesn't have to be commented furthermore. Only one statement towards Ubisoft: F*CK YOU!!!Thecoop-multiplayerwhich was praised by, well, by Ubisoft for it's tactical finesse is fun to play but more like absolutely murderer-chaos than a silent and well planned assassination. Might have to do something with the fact that there's no time to actually plan a mission.Overall there are lot of features in Unity that barely work to enrich the game. Some are fun at least, others are nothing but insolent.Continuing in the comments"
,Recommended,289650,23007166,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,adrenalinda,"It is a great and marvellous gameI loved Altaïr and the first AC when it came out and I loved Ezio even more. Assassin's Creed seemed to be the franchise, that was built for me. Then came revelations and I was disappointed to the level of not even considering to buy Brotherhood. I scorned all the sequels and went back once I had read about Black Flag, which pulled me back into AC's glorious days. What I had learned was to carefully research reviews and opinions prior to an impulse buy, which costs you being part of it from the beginning and not being able to argue when friends and buddies all talk about it. AC Unity got plenty of bashing through reviews and first buyers alike, though it kept fascinating me just through the still pictures I saw online. I waited until it was bugfixed and patched and I didn't regret having added it to my collection.True, there are some minor glitches still and it is also true, every 3h of gameplay Arno won't exactly do what you where aiming to when pushing the controls (sidenote, I am a mouse / keyb gamer). Sometimes NPCs pop out of nowhere, but the whole experience is so immersive that it all won't matter. Hiding and planning your next move, analyzing patrol movements, carefully trying to achieve all challenges from the mission objectives and levelling up to get better gear, skills and outfit made me long for the next treasure and the next chest. The world of AC Unity is utterly overwhelming at the beginning where never ending missions, secrets and the like fill your map. It is most disorienting and luckily I am not a completionist. The story is compelling enough to keep you going and the fights are a tough nut to crack (why that's probably my first AC where I really specialized on stealth). The game is incredibly rewarding if a mission goes well and no alarm was triggered. It provides a sense of plain satisfaction. The French Revolution as a setting is breathtaking by just walking through the streets and wondering about it's marvellous architecture. Though I cannot claim its historic accuracy, the mix of it with some hollywoodish intermezzo just makes the trick.The game will keep you busy with plenty of extras outside of the main story, where you're requested to complete rifts, which is some kind of data collection parcours, investigation quests where clues will lead you to accuse one of many suspects and the solving of puzzles to gain access to special armour, or you can plan a heist in a well protected villa to gain more loot than by just roaming the streets. They're all optional but seemed more than a filler to me and are truly engaging if you're committed to let it sink in. I would buy the game again just to walk through French Revolution Paris once more and would make it mandatory to have the city and it's crowd being visitable via VR to every history class professor. I didn't do any of the multiplayer part since nobody ever seemed to play either at my level or was trying an online game while I was.What I especially liked+ fights are very hard, but smooth and nice to look at+ special skills like transforming yourself into a target+ the utter beauty and vivacity of the environments+ the tons of options to configure my own Arno to my playstyle+ sidequests like the Paris storiesWhat I didn't like much- I felt like I missed a lot by not chasing every potential map entry, but I got tired at some point- That's personal flavour, but I missed the real world Abstergo parts Desmond Miles got me used to- Another personal flavour, the tombs and treasure hunts felt always like an arcadish challenge and I missed them- The story builds up nicely, but ends a bit abruptly and feels flat (and I didn't understand it to be honest...)Other than that, I would recommend the game anytime.Cheers, adre"
,Not Recommended,289650,12887920,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,i9 LUL,"Did they even try to optimize? Even tho my specs are slightly below minimum I should be able to run this game above 30fps on lowest settings. I can run prettier games than this. It just shows how bad Ubisoft is at making PC games. What a shame.Nvidia Geforce GTX 660Intel i-7 26008 GB Ramplus, don't you think they had enough trailers?"
,Recommended,289650,28657478,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jeffy =D,"This game is a lot better than what people reviewed this game. (MY OPINION)Pros :- Amazing Graphics- New fun gameplay (a bit harder)- Good and interesting story- More character customization (like RPG games)- Very good animations (Parkour, Combat)- Beautiful city and placesCons :- Glitches (not that much tbh but if you found it it is very♥♥♥♥♥♥like you can't move)- Required good rig- Awkward and Bad controls####################################This game in my opinion is a good game.You just need to adapt to the new features to enjoy it.Overall Score : 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,289650,12887890,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Boseyb21,"Crashes every time i try to launch it,  Cmon Ubisoft!!!!"
76561198040027234,Not Recommended,289650,12980921,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,THOR,"On behalf of the entire French community, I'd like to sincerely apologize for the current state of Assassin's Creed Unity.I am not going to complain about all the flaws the game presents. I am just going to point out the bitter irony of playing a game about a revolution conducted by the people and aiming at getting rid of the aristocracy as well as sharing out wealth among the people, when only gamers with enough money to buy a cutting-edge PC will be able to play it satisfyingly, whereas the plebs and their mid-range computers get beheaded by the greedy blade of Ubisoft's guillotine.It makes me sad that French honour was ruined by this game, and by a French editor on top of that. This act of national treason is an insult to French culture and the very spirit of our beloved Révolution.I hope the game will be fixed soon, so that I may stop feeling ashamed of living in the most beautiful city in the world and speaking the most sophisticated language of all.Im am going out now. According to my current DNA sequence, I need to go buy a baguette and a croissant. I hope I don't come across to many people lining up in front of the backery, as it is well known that French people always make the framerate drop.I also hope that I will not fall throug the ground, like one of my sorely missed friends did, I hear it happens more and more often in this time of year.Then I will go home, wake up my girlfriend and French kiss her. I just hope that her skinface does not disappear this time.Finally, when I join her for an intimate co-op session, I hope I will not be disconnected, as it has happenend many times before.On this cheerful note, I wish you all, mesdames et messieurs, an excellent day.Vive la République, et Vive la France."
76561198082700478,Not Recommended,289650,12918685,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,turnip,ACU.exe has stopped working. 1/10
76561198080967539,Not Recommended,289650,13439365,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,TheTopHatter,"The requirments of this game are far high above what they should be, even top notch Computers have trouble running this game and the French Revolution setting may or may not appeal to you, it is really just your personal tastes. Having ""optional"" micro-transactions that can let you level yourself up to a God of an Assassin makes what Unity talked about, talking about having to ""learn your skills again and restart in a way compared to previous games"" it takes all of that and throws it in the ♥♥♥♥ing garbage can. The story: You play as possibly the LEAST interesting lead role yet, Arno (Ezio wannabe) Victor Dorian, a very English sounding, looking and acting ""french"" man. The new parkour system comes more as confusing than useful and this may be the weakest main plot story of AC games yet! Ubishit really took one down the crapper on this one. If you want a REAL AC game go to ""Assassin`s creed 2"", ""Assassin`s Creed: Brotherhood"" and hell, compared to even ""Assassin`s Creed 3"""
76561198095915128,Recommended,289650,23610464,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,John Joaneh,"98% of bugs are fixed. game is really worth a play through if youre a die hard assassin's creed fanthe intro and the ending are the most fun youll have. the middle can get kinda dull. DLC (Dead Kings) is a necessity, after beating the game.Check out my youtube channel for some walkthroughs:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCweKaN9tYmFgXzRMnqgFmcQ"
,Not Recommended,289650,12959040,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Neoliberalist Guy,Basically... DayZ Standalone is not an Alpha anymore if we compares1/10 Just because I like Elise
,Recommended,289650,32989125,Posted: 29 June,all,Zekk,"Rating7/10Worth it?On a sale, yes.PlaytimeIt took me about 27 hours to complete.That includes the Dead Kings expansion.Most missions completed with 100%.I've unlocked all the viewpoints, but I didn't bother collecting all the chests and treasures.ComparisonAll the previous Assassin's Creeds, obviously.If you haven't played any, that's a lot of running, climbing, stealth and arkham-style combat.PlotYou play as Arno Dorian, an Assassin living in Paris during the French Revolution.The game begins right where AC: Rogue left off - with the assassination of Charles Dorian.We follow Arno on his path to become an Assassin and find retribution.WARNING: SOME MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD!The Romeo and Juliet part was pretty good. I mean it's a cliché, but it was new to the AC series and the Assassin boy working with a Templar girl played well with me. The relationship lacked some depth and some parts were a bit too obvious (like one of the missions has you investigating a murder of a Master Assassin and there are two suspects - your Templar girlfriend and your Assassin mentor - it's supposed to be a dilemma on who to accuse of the murder, but it's way too transparent to cause any emotional reaction).SPOILERS OVER!It's not special or anything, not as good as the Ezio trilogy. But still a decent AC game.Look...It looks beautiful, Paris is amazing. Especially from the sky, when synchronising view points.Breathtaking views, but that's always been something Assassin's Creed games have done well.... and FeelI've played this 2.5 years after the initial release. By this time all the famous bugs have been fixed and I haven't experienced any crashes. Instead, the game ran very smoothly on highest possible settings.One issue I have experienced was that my graphics settings have changed mid-game on their own from a Borderless Window to Fullscreen mode. But it only happened once.The controls seem improved from the previous games, but it still happened that Arno jumped somewhere I didn't want him to jump. But the ""falling"" mechanics have been improved - it is now more difficult to just fall down to your doom. Getting down from buildings is now more smooth, implementing the parkour mechanics.MusicI've completed the game two days ago and by today I already don't remember the music.It was very generic, changing pace with the events on screen, but nothing that pops out.GameplayThis part of the series has slightly changed since the previous games. Some features were added, but some were taken away. One of the crucial bits that's now missing is getting the enemies attention. Previously you could whistle to lure nearby enemies. Not in this one. So cover kills only make sense on enemies that are walking directly next to your cover. I've actually had to leave cover, show myself to the enemy, wait until they started walking my way to investigate, then hide again and kill them. That takes the game-world immersion away.A couple of times when I tried to do a ledge-kill, Arno jumped on to the ledge first to let everyone around see me, only then he grabbed the enemy and threw him over the ledge. But at that point I was out in the open.Melting with the crowd to avoid detection is also done differently this time around, but that's not a good change in my opinion.One thing that has improved is the option of moving down from various heights, you don't just jump down but parkour your way down.DLCI've also played theDead Kings expansionthat is now included as part of the main game.I started playing this by accident - I wanted to fast-travel somewhere on the map, but instead of a standard fast-travel location I misclicked and got transported to this new location (Saint-Denis) and the DLC began. There was no way for me to come back until I've completed it. That itself has cause me some trouble.First of all, the DLC was designed to play after the game, not mid-game. So I was weaker than expected, didn't have some skills unlocked yet. During the DLC you don't get skill points, so there was no way for me to unlock them there. But I still managed to beat it and while doing so I've earned some great, powerful weapons and also loads of money. So when I came back to the main game, I was strong and rich, which then made the second part of the main game too easy.There was a silly bug in some of the cutscenes - my weapon of choice was a Guillotine Gun - a very powerful mortar with an axe attached to it. So I was fighting with that, killing anyone who came too close, and then a cutscene begins, showing me with my awesome weapon attached to my back, and some lame basic sabre in my hand.Overall the DLC was ok, a lot of running around back and forth, but also some demanding puzzles and fights. And a Guillotine Gun, of course.ConclusionWas it better than Brotherhood? No.Was it better than Black Flag? No.Is it a good Assassin's Creed game? Yes, absolutely.Paris looks great, there's a lot to do, the assassination missions offer different approaches and opportunities.Pros- beautiful Paris- cool new weapons (Guillotine Gun!)- parkour works also while getting downCons- can't get enemies attention (no whistling)- very insignificant music- some cutscenes ignore your choice of weapons- couldn't leave DLC mission until completed"
,Recommended,289650,26096717,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Kovach,"Completely underrated AC. Most if not all the technical issues that were rampant on release are fixed. I actually never had a single issue with graphics since day 1- I think I might be the only person. Amazingly beautiful game, fairly well optimized now, and a lot of content to get through. A must-buy for all Assassin's Creed fans. Def pick it up on sale if you're unsure. If you have the rig to run it and the time to play it you won't be disappointed."
76561198073798785,Not Recommended,289650,13569164,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Phil,To many problem that Ubisoft isn't actually fixing and it requires to much (of your computer) to be able for anyone to play the game and enjoy it.
76561197972586777,Not Recommended,289650,13472859,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Giantfoamhat,"This review is written by someone who has played every AC game with the exception of Rogue. In each installment, I have achieved 98%+ synch with 100% in Black Flag, Liberation, and Brotherhood. I have completed the AC:Unity main storyline and am leaving the game at 62% synch. I just cannot continue navigating around the map doing all of the side quests and gathering the collectibles.The beauty of the older AC games is the ability to enter a new zone and clear the map. This is nearly impossible in AC:U. Aside from the Nomad chests littering the map (of which I have been playing the Companion App since release and am about 70% done) completed Rift and Co-op quests still remain on the map. This makes it harder to prioritize what stil needs to be completed, etc. The older version had a map filter, so does AC:U. However, the filter does not allow for customization like the older versions and you cannot filter ""Collectibles.""Graphically the game is amazing. The story is ok. There is not real-world connection outside of the Animus like Black Flag had. You're just locked in there the entire game. This creates a lack of depth which made the other games so involving. From an AC fan with over 300 hours invested into the series, I am fairly disappointed with this installment."
76561198041115205,Not Recommended,289650,12977261,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Morton,"I really liked the idea of French Revolution setting, but this game is really broken.I can get over some glitches and I can avoid places that can crash the game, but framerate reaching slideshow level, especially indoor is really annoying.And on top of that there are constant reminders that even though I paid for this game so much, I always can pay more.Aside from that and lockpicking, map with too many dots, some broken missions, cover mechanics and some lazy writing it will be a great game... when it's done.So, If you are fan of AC, wait until Ubisoft at least fixes the technicall issues. If you are not, save your money, this game is not worth the pricetag."
76561198098147224,Not Recommended,289650,12887996,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,GayF^ck^tm,"I've waited for months for this game to release and now that it has I must say I'm disappointed.  Like many other reviewers, I'm getting terrible lag spikes.  My computer was specifically bought so that I could play games like this easily and so far it's been a regretable experience.  Within the first five minutes of the game I dropped frames, glitched through the ground, and saw terrible graphical glitching and tearing.  One the third mission where you're chasing the man down, any crowded areas dropped me to about 10 fps and usually lead to a desyncronization or dropped me through the map entirely resulting in the same thing.  At some points, it will run perfectly well, but only if there are no or few other NPCs nearby.  The prerendered CGI cutscenes looked good when they worked, but most of the time they didn't.  Until Ubisoft corrects this, I can't recommend this game. 2/10 until they fix this, and that's probably being generous.Specs:Intel Core I7-4700MQ @ 3.3 GHz with Turbo Boost, 8 GB RAM, NVidia GeForce Gt 740m graphics"
76561198043378094,Not Recommended,289650,13754786,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Javic0,"Ubisoft. Only I can tell you that I feel cheated by you with this game. I want my money back. I don't have any interest for playing this incomplete game. No more!!! I was just waiting for this patch with the hope that you make this game stable. But NO!!! I want my money, I don't pay $59 just for add the game to my library and leave it there and forget the terrible mistake I made to buying this product. I’m not going to wait for the 5th patch to came out. I don’t believe in your words anymore. I'm Uninstalling this game right now or software, or demo, or whatever you want to call it. But this is any thing else bot not a game. This is a sham and a scam for all fans of the franchise Assassin's Creed."
,Not Recommended,289650,12908721,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Taylorkil91,"I have become a HUGE assassin's Creed every snice my buddy made me play Assassins Creed Revelation i have fallen in love with the game seires, but now with ACU coming out i find it to be a HUGE failer, it is sadly a unfinish game with so mang bugs. beside the bugs, the game play feels feels great and i do enjoy it but it the performance that is hurting this game.proplems i have ran into so far:Lacking many graphics optionsreally bad FPSSound cuts outInteracting with NPCs bugs outPoor texture renderingItem rendering popingNPCs won't render rightEdited: i just had this happen after i posted the review, after i killed some npc  that started a fight with me, i ended up falling though the map."
,Not Recommended,289650,12913424,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Adeptus Minor,"I've put about 7 hours into this game, 3 of them may have been loading screens, but besides that I'm pretty happy with it. With my Nvidia 770, I'm getting 20-30fps I think, I haven't checked but honestly I prefer that, it is much more cinematic than something like 60fps would be. I couldn't stand the Hobbit. Anyway, I bought the 99$ helix credit microtransaction to reward them for all the hard work they have put into this obviously next generation title.  Good job Ubisoft, keep up the hard work!"
76561198048376501,Not Recommended,289650,13762571,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,HM2 (FMF) Frable 15th MEU (SOC),"Do not recommend buying unless you have a very top of the line graphics system, the game on its lowest graphics setting gives me 10-15fps. My system may not be top of the line with the HD7970 card, but when i can run BF4 on ultimate yet can't safely run AC unity its pretty sad. I hope they will optimize it better but until then it stas in my library."
,Not Recommended,289650,13792772,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ceridium,Don't.
76561198011142644,Not Recommended,289650,13912350,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,felix_wong,"This is certainly the WORST one in the whole Assassin's Creed series.Basically a very weak and short story, with a bugged battle system.It's a shame to the whole AC series."
76561198055317425,Not Recommended,289650,12919709,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Efrafa,"Is this what Ubisoft is up to these days? Just taking our money and running? Not worried about the impending doom of FPS drops, lag, stuttering, and falling through the roof of a building into complete darkness. A BUGGY MESS? Why should we even support these people if all they are going to do is leave us with this uh.. this uh... ABOMINATION! I have a top notch computer, that can easily run on ULTRA HIGH settings. What I get is that the game cannot be played without me moving 1 inch at 1 FPS. So to help I had to bring it down to LOW on a top notch computer. DA FUQ?! I was really hoping youd learn after WATCH_DOGS but apparently not, in fact it turned out worse. As I go back to the question.... WHY are we giving these people money to make another abomination and giving them money again? I dont know.. HYPE! It was so hyped, so beautiful, so smooth, so graphical impressive, lush and suprising.... LIKE ITS BAD TEXTURED FRUIT! I WAS NOT EVEN WORRIED ABOUT FRAME RATE, THE GAMEPLAY IS IMPRESSIVE BUT UNPLAYABLE! I really don't understand. I don't even trust them anymore... THEY DIDNT EVEN PATCH WATCH_DOGS after the release and to THIS DAY its not patched. You know what, I was all like ""whatever, its a first day launch"" but then I was like ""♥♥♥♥"" ""ITS UBISOFT WHO MADE THIS GAME"" meaning that Ubisoft takes our money, turns their back on Unity and whatever other game, scoops up our money like♥♥♥♥♥♥and makes another ABOMINATION and the cycle keeps going. I can't trust them. Have fun endorsing NVIDIDA and getting money from XBOX. PC should be your TOP PRIORITY. Maybe you actually care about FarCry 4.. But oh yeah its Ubisoft. As we speak they are putting FarCry 4 aside i bet because ♥♥♥♥ THE COMMUNITY   MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY and are working on FarCry 5 to brainwash us. And to think you even MADE Assassin's Creed 2. I even marvel at how Ubisoft made that. Fix it... I want my money to be worth it. But alas, now I am about 1 out of the Millions of people begging on the street with tattered clothes, while we solemmy protest, and Ubisoft guards their golden gates yelling ""LET THEM GIVE US MONEY!"" while we cry for a better game. VIVA TO THE GAMERS! DONT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL PATCHED. Oh wait.. Its Ubisoft."
76561197981046661,Not Recommended,289650,12919533,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Dreadfort_Dogmeat,"It's games like this that I wish Steam adds a third review option between ""thumbs up"" and ""thumbs down."" But, since I experienced more negative than positive gameplay, I must lean towards a thumbs down. First the positives:+The time period and history. The French Revolution is one of my favorite historical periods and the fact that Ubisoft is a French company gave me confidence that they would put more information and lore about this critical point in their nation's history.+I love the characters in the game, as well as the moral ambiguity between the Templars and the Assassins. Arno is a great protagonist, and Elise is one of the best female characters I've ever seen in a video game. Some of the historical figures, like the Marquis de Sade, have a charm to them that just makes me laugh and listen. In addition the voice acting is well done, although I've been playing in French in order to give the setting a more accurate feel (Hearing British accents in the English version breaks the immersion for me, even if the voice actors are talented).Now for the negatives:-Bugs. BUGS everywhere! Plus, poor optimization has ruined both the graphical quality and gameplay in this supposed ""next-gen"" game. While the bugs may be hilarious on some moments (I had a hysterical fit after my character fell into a simulation abyss after jumping from a building), for the most part the bugs are more irritating than they're worth. Usually, I play newly released games for many hours nonstop, but I'm struggling to play even an hour in one sitting because the bugs are a gamebreaker for me.-Frame rate issues. This is a personal preference, but if I'm playing a PC game, I expect 60 fps to be the standard. My PC can handle Titanfall and Metro: Last Light at around 80fps but for AC: Unity, the game plays at 40 fps maximum, and drops to as low as 15 fps on some areas of the game, like the Cafe Theatre, which is the Assassin's HQ. I could have tolerated 30fps if the the frame rate was stable, but the game constantly shifts in frame rate.-Microtransactions. If I paid $60 for a single-player game, I expect that to be the final payment for the game. Trying to further fleece your customers as well as purposely failing to tell reviewers about the microtransactions is an unethical business maneuver that should be condemned universally. Shame on you Ubisoft!All in all, I wanted to love this game due to its characters and setting, but the poor optimization and microtransactions prove that Ubisoft needs to rethink their strategy in developing future games as well as issuing an emergency patch for this broken game. A disappointing purchase for a longtime fan of the series."
,Not Recommended,289650,12978570,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ShroomBear,"It's like playing Assassins creed 2... After playing brotherhood and revelations. None of the fun stuff and when the end credits start rolling, you're wondering where the other 90% of content is."
76561198082552053,Not Recommended,289650,12937265,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Koben,"I begun with that it crashed every two minuts and fps drops all the time. but after 4 hours did Uplay think to be some #######and made the sky not work anymore. so i tried to make a local file, and that didnt work because it crashed right when i startet the game. SO UBISOFT GET YOUR SH#T GOING. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,289650,12888542,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,shad0vvfax,"Once they fix all the Framerate issues, If ever, I think the game will be amazing. I am lucky to get over 30fps on a Nvidia GTX 780M and a Core i7, and even then the framerate drops horribly at certain points. It is almost impossible to play the game. Until they get it all sorted out, don't bother."
,Recommended,289650,30710781,Posted: 24 March,all,4aLse,My views (I'm not a huge fan of AC series btw)-9.5/10 : Storyline is awesome.-11/10 : Graphics. (Freakin Beautiful).-8/10 : Gameplay (Jumping here and there sometimes).-7/10 : Combat (Slow Combat).-8/10 : Optimization (Few fps Drops) [Far much better than launch state].Buy if it's on SALE !!!Tested on:-CPU : i5 6402p (2.4 Ghz)-GPU : Nvidia GTX 1060 6 GB-RAM : 16 GB DDR4
,Not Recommended,289650,12977748,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,sopplord,Rubbish
,Not Recommended,289650,13463611,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Gunslinger O'Tumbleweed,"even though it is on sale dont buy it, its prolly gonna be even cheaper than the older games in the future, when it is finally fixed for pc"
,Not Recommended,289650,16294379,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,CluckingTiger,After a long long time and many updates it can finally scrap 30 FPS. I'm not changing my review though. Nothing can restore my faith in Ubisoft after this.
76561197970484290,Not Recommended,289650,12913690,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,S1STEMAT1C,it looks that ubisoft dont care much about pc gamers -- same thing happened last year in ac4 black flag also in far cry 3 on the pc version -- they are more concentrated on consoles than pc -- this game its a good but extremely poor optimize and that's to bad cause i paid 89.99 for it and i feel i just got robbed -- i just hope that some type of law enforcement government agencies start to get into this gaming industry robbery and false advertising -- cause ford dont release a car half way finish to the market!
,Not Recommended,289650,13742721,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TripleFire,"TAKE IT OFF YOUR WISHLIST - I completely regret buying this game.I dislike how they removed whistling, removed human shields and wasted our time with these smoke bombs vs stun bombs which almost work the same and neither work that well.  For example you can't assassinate people with the hidden blade after throwing a smoke bomb... you are forced into slow melee and they removed the ability to switch to your hidden blade as a weapon while in melee... and I think you only get one hidden blade.  If you recieve two i can't tell.Co-Op never works.Its saving system is terrible.  For i have purchased, in-game, 300,000+ F  of items... twice and they still show up as needing to be purchased once i quit the game and return.  I don't just purchase them, either.  After spending my florens I play missions and fast travel so as to give the game a reason to save/load.  But it still says i need to purchase items that I have already purchased several times.The story is boring.The parkour is frustrating to say the least, though they did add some pretty new moves... i hate getting stuck on furniture and circling windows cuz Arno doesn't want to enter them for some reason.Upgrading skills is masked as new and different, but really you still are restricted to certain skills based on how far in the story you are and you also have to acquire the needed amount of skill points... which you can only get by playing co-op missions or main story missionsOnly buy it if it's 5$ or if you're so rich 60$ is 5$ to you and you don't care about throwing money away.I completely regret buying this game.  The FREE DLC is crap too.  Boring story and lame weapon."
76561198011305877,Not Recommended,289650,12921113,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Herr Catsfood,"very poor optimisation and no graphic control, frequent crashesandmicro transactions scattered throughout the gamei'm really disappointed"
,Not Recommended,289650,13756406,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Steven Arveladze,"I played this game when it came out and abandoned it because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization. Tried it again a month later, after a lot of patches, and the performance is even more bad than it was at the launch day. I waited for this game so long, wasted 60 euros and this is what I get: a slideshow. 60€ wasted, thank you ubisoft, will buy again.EDIT: Alright it is March 2015 and patch 5 has been released. The framerate is still pretty bad, 25-35 on my machine, but at least the game doesn't crash or freeze anymore.EDIT II : It is January of 2017 and I played the game for the hell of it with my new GTX 1060. The game finally runs ok, 60 fps but unstable. But God damn it this game was released in 2014 and new graphics cards still struggle to keep it smooth. And it's not that the graphics are incredible or anything. The game does look nice with all the details but even with the draw distance maxed out, the buildings that are like 30 meters away from you look atrocious in 800x480 resolution. Perhaps this is an artistic choice, maybe Arno is shortsighted who knows?"
,Recommended,289650,25585729,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Bud,"""A short leap""Technical analysis summaryGraphics: 8.5Sound: 6.5Playability: 8.0Longevity: 7.5Impact: 8.0Pro+ A splendid digital Paris and beautiful character models+ Solid parkour mechanics and animations+ Improved combat system+ A lot of content and side missions...Cons- ...but not really enthralling- Bugs and Freezes- Sound effects are good, music is acceptable but... british voice actors for French characters?!- Poor story despite the interesting protagonistsOverall Verdict7.5: AC Unity is a shy step forward in the AC series, full of interesting ideas but also with none of them fully realized. Half single player and half multiplayer, doesn't convince in any of them. Most of the players won't even try all of the aspects of the character customization nor the side activities of a big ,and we have to admit beautiful, computerized Paris.Fans will miss the atmosphere of the old AC games but is admirable that Ubisoft actually tried to add something new to the formula, and true AC lovers will absolutely appreciate some new concepts. With a more engaging story it could have been a better game. All in all, an enjoyable game._______________Steam Optimization as of 19/09/2016[tested with Win 10 Pro - 64 bit - Version 1607 - OS Build 14393.187, MoBo MSI Z170A Gaming Pro - FW Build 1.B0, Intel i7 6700k, Gigabyte GeForce GTX 970 Xtreme Gaming Edition - Driver Version 372.70, Kingston Hyper X 8x2 GB 2666 MHz, game and steam client installed on Western Digital Blue 3TB model WD30EZRZ-00Z5HB0]At the time of the release, the game was full of game-crashing bugs. After a year of updates the game is more than playable but still needs some tuning to avoid certain unsolved bugs. The multiplayer never really worked properly (cutting what could have been a huge positive aspect of the game). Not a well optimized game."
,Not Recommended,289650,13751986,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[JDL]Cpt. aaron1234q,"I originally gave this game a thumbs up, but that was before I actually really started on it. I had framerate issues from the start, not the 'unplayable' 15 FPS people were talking about, but right around 4-6 FPS, if even that. Even with that 'small' issue in mind, I still liked the game. It was beautiful, with the wonderful image of Paris. That all changed, however, when I couldnt complete missions because of characters I was supposed to follow falling through the ground. It is a pain, also, when I jump out of a window only to find myself levatating in the air 30 feet above the ground, and have to restart from my last checkpoint. Dont get me wrong, I still love this game, but with still some glitches unresolved and the like, I wouldnt recommend it to anyone who didnt want a horrible work of progress on there hands. Of course, It could be just me having issues... If you are insisting on getting it, get when its on sale. I made the mistake of Pre-Ordering it back in October. I had low expectations but I was ready to deal with whatever came when I finally took the time to download it in late December. That all changed. I just hope that Ubisoft made a New Years resolution to fix the game. I still love ACU for some reason after all this..."
,Recommended,289650,29112307,Posted: 8 January,all,Antwog,"Assassin's Creed: Unity is a third-person open world game developed and published by Ubisoft. The game was released in November 2014. You play as Arno Dorian, a servant-turned Assassin who participates in the fight against the Templar Order during the French Revolution in the late 1700s.CampaignUnity features a good campaign. It mashes a main storyline with the open-world formula that includes various side-missions and feature various districts, or suburbs. The main story has very good storytelling, marking for a very strong narrative. I will provide a quick background, Arno is the son of Charles Dorian, an Assassin who was assassinated by Shay Cormac in Assassin's Creed Rogue. François de la Serre, the grand-master of a division within the Templar Order, adopts Arno and raises him in Versailles. The campaign begins with an forgettable and uninformative introduction, which very briefly explains to an 'Initiate' they will be playing as Arno in the new Animus. Unity lacks any modern storyline as in the previous games other than you're in the Abstergo headquarters.Regarding the actual main missions, I believe they are a step-up from prior AC games. Unity excels in allowing freedom of approach to these missions, as for example, in prior AC games if you were tailing a character and get spotted, you would fail the mission, whereas in Unity, it alters the nature of the mission without you failing it. Each mission has opportunities that assist you in completing your mission. For example, one mission has an opportunity where you need to steal poisoned wine that has been delivered to the palace, allowing you to sneak up and poison the enemy character's wine. So, these new approaches and opportunities freshen up the gameplay and enjoyment of the missions.As written, the campaign is good and there is a very good story, however similar to the most helpful review for this game at present, there is too much online content. There is two different types of coop side-missions that have interesting objectives, but unfortunately I couldn't play them, which will be a theme for new owners. Otherwise, there is a nice variety of side-missions that are both entertaining and different. Among some of the side missions, there is Paris Stories, featuring mini-storylines within Paris. There is Murder Mysteries, where Arno plays detective and investigates murders and finds the culprit. Lastly, there is Helix Rift missions, which tasks Arno to rescue Assassins stuck in simulations. Compared to previous AC games, Unity's side-missions are diverse and add some enjoyment into the game. However, one type of side mission incorporates the Companion App, which was patched out of the game. These missions were a gimmick and are useless because it granted you rewards for the App, therefore, Ubisoft kept the missions in but patched out the rewards for the Companion App.I want to quickly discuss renovation and upgrades. In the AC series, I like building and equipment renovations. For instance, I loved the renovation system in AC: Rogue because you had the ability to upgrade and renovate your base and ships and there were visual differences and rewards for what you upgraded. It's a small thing that I immensely love. In Unity, you can upgrade your weapons and purchase skills, purchase Social Clubs, which were abandoned taverns, and renovate your Café Theatre. I like that there were more benefits for upgrading your weapons in this compared to previous games. And, I like the idea of purchasing social clubs and renovating your Café. But, as I love renovation and visual difference, I feel Ubisoft missed an opportunity to create a proper renovation system similar to Rogue because upgrading your Café does not provide any major visual difference, it only just opens rooms that were previous non-accessible. So, I personally would have liked Unity to have an upgrade system that actually improves the quality and alters the design of buildings.Another little feature that I love in the AC Series is the database. Unity's database includes information about characters, locations, landmarks, and newspapers. The content in the newspapers changes as the game progresses. As usual, Unity does the database really well and I enjoyed reading the information. My only negative was the little and unnecessary statements that would randomly appear on the database's information, which usually has a * next to the statement.Lastly I will very briefly discuss gameplay. Unity features different animations, new gameplay mechanics, and a new movement system. In Unity, you must unlock new skills for you to use instead of having access to all at the beginning. For instance, you have to unlock double assassinations or have to unlock environment blending. I believe this small change has big effect on the game, as you need to decide how to play the game because you do not have everything unlocked at your disposal. Otherwise, I liked the new movement system. Movement overall feels more fluid than previous games, as it feels like less of a hiccup to navigate through the areas. I credit the new parkour system to this because it feels smoother to pass objects or pass large crowds. On the contrast, I don't like the climbing system, as (de)climbing buildings is clunky and it just is a pain to do.Open World Locations and LandscapeUnity utilises three cities of Paris, Versailles and Franciade. The city of Versailles showcases the beginning of the campaign and also where Arno grew up. Franciade is where you play the Dead Kings DLC. It is one district bigger than Versailles and incorporates diverse landscapes, notably the church and cemetery in one district and a big farm and quarry in another district. Furthermore, it has much more of a focus on underground exploration in tunnels and quarries. Paris is the main location in the game. It features six districts that have sub-districts within it. The city excels in its design because each sub-district is different in its buildings, behaviour of individuals, and socio-economic status. For instance, the districts in Le Louvre has a variety of middle and rich class individuals who dress elegantly and showcase different behavioural attitudes, such as movement, compared to the sub-district of Les Invalides that has more of a military focus with many revolutionaries and French troops in bases. With military AI, the only difference was the difficulty of those enemies in each sub-district, so there was nothing special in regards to military in each area.All cities in Unity look beautiful and the game’s graphics are remarkable. I loved the attention to detail on the landscape and in the variety of characters. I have the specs on my profile, so I managed to play Unity at max graphical settings at mostly 60FPS, I never dipped lower than 55FPS and when I dropped below 60FPS, it was very quick.BugsUnity had a lot of controversy regarding bugs at launch. Unfortunately, I still noticed a ton of bugs. Specifically, I encountered a variety of gameplay bugs, particularly movement bugs. I noticed a decent amount of graphical issues, but not as bad as it was near launch. Overall, the encountered bugs were annoying, but it would not keep me from purchasing this game.ConclusionAC Unity is an overall enjoyable game. It features a fun story. All cities are all beautiful and have unique traits that separates the cities and districts’ look and feel. There are a variety of issues, but it is in a good and playable state. I recommend this on sale or at any price under USD$30.Rating7.5/10If you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my groupAntwog's Analysis (Reviews).http://store.steampowered.com/app/289650/"
,Not Recommended,289650,13900392,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Meisterberührung von Hirschen,"Extremmely buggy. Not much more to say, I lost many missions to falling out of the world."
76561198007748372,Not Recommended,289650,12977774,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ghostpoidog,"Run Away, try to get your money back if you can, This is last time I will pre-order a game. HORRIABLE game data wise, fight and control mechanics are hopless and ugly. DO NOT GET THIS GAME, even when its in the cheap bin 1 week from now."
,Not Recommended,289650,13462514,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dr. Isaac Grey,"microtransactions, bugs, and pitiful storyline, say hello to EA's little brother's demon spawn, Unity."
,Not Recommended,289650,13458804,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pantoffel,The game was fun untill patch 3 came out and my the game constantly crash. With patch 4 this is still not fixed for me. Bought a game I cant play. Great.
76561198088650739,Not Recommended,289650,12919763,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,SnowCheetah,"After playing few hours of ACU, I wouldn't recommend to buy at this moment. There are so much flawed in this game that make you annoy rather than enjoy the game.First of all, there are bugs and glitches everywhere. people walking in the mid-air, player falls down into nowhere, etc etc....Second of all, I didn't experience the drop fps during the gameplay but during the cutscene, it happen so horribly that I almost have to skip the cutscene instead of enjoy the storylineLast of all, the program is unstable it keep crashing after I play couple of hours. This IS MAKING ME MAD AT ITEventhought  I  like the ACU system like Self customization (but weapon of choice still not much as I aspected-> weapon are most from sub weapons from other AC series), CO-OP gameplay (which causes bugs time to time like no objective after clearing one), and Free style gameplay( I gotta say it's a good idea to use your imagination to assainate the target with your own gameplay style) , BUT comparing bugs, unoptimized games....... I wouldn't recommend to anyone to play at the moment"
,Recommended,289650,21143041,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Zhev,"I enjoy it thus far, no issues regarding performance for me.Can't speak for everyone though."
76561198046485563,Not Recommended,289650,12974514,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,WeWereNords,"Broken game, oui?"
,Not Recommended,289650,12928147,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Innahoods Memecedes,Atleast i can go back to knack.
,Recommended,289650,24986825,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,mochipink89,"Unlike most people I actually enjoyed this game. The story was interesting to me and the gameplay is quite fun. I did encouter a few glitches here and then but honestly they weren't as bad as the ones that I've encountered in AC Syndicate: Jack The Ripper DLC.I LOVE the multiplayer missions, I think they can be really fun, depending with whom you play. I also REALLY LOVED that DLC of Dead Kings. It was so good and I really wish the story was longer.Was it worth the $40? No,not really. You better off buying the game with a sale."
76561198080624497,Not Recommended,289650,12889952,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,EliteEthan99,"Assassin's Creed Unity has amazing graphics and the best gameplay yet! But...The frickin FPS, man! It makes the game nearly unplayable! Even on a high-end PC! I do not recommond this game unless you get it on PS4."
,Not Recommended,289650,13245852,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Undercat,"This game, even after updates is simply unplayable. It is not fun, there are still major glitches, and multiplayer matchmaking with friends is completely impossible. I will not be purchasing another Ubisoft game again, and I would highly recomend players avoid this one."
76561198051083783,Not Recommended,289650,12919314,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Zyncla,"I'm honestly very surprised with the exceedingly poor quality of this release.  My machine: SSD, 8GB, i7 - 3770k, 2 x 560Ti's in SLI and the stuttering and lagging in this game is crazy.  With graphics set to high, and running around I see my CPU at roughly 50%, the GPUs both hovering around 70%, but the game stuttering... turning down the settings doesn't seem to make any difference on my setup at all... the worst though is the cutscenes... One took roughly 4 minutes to load, sound falling out of sync with video... the game is seriously bricked right now.I'm waiting for an update before I even attempt to play, as of right now it's crap.Blackflag was great, but this... very disappointing.  Last time I pre-order an ubisoft game."
76561198096725908,Not Recommended,289650,13936334,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,chriseisenbach,"Game is buggy, story is really lame, cool mechanics from previous games have been removed. Don't buy."
76561198096694370,Not Recommended,289650,12908829,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ADAM,Crashes every five minutes.
,Not Recommended,289650,28446561,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Junstatixxx,"I've played  all the major AC (I, II, Brotherhood, Revelation, III, IV, etc.) before this one and this is hands down the one with the worst controls and interactions. Trying to control Arno feels like pressing the button and hoping for the best. Yes it has impressive animations and graphics but I don't think they compensate the frustation that this game can cause.PROS:- The recreation of the 18th century France is damn impressive- The graphics are pretty cool. The facial expressions and illumination are a major leap in the franchise.- Nice parkour animations, very fluid between movements.CONS:- Awkward controls. The ""magnetic"" grips from past games are even worse in this one. The way in what the character chooses which grip should he stick to looks so random. A lot of times Arno will jump to an unexpected location because he thought that the grip that was 2m away in a random direction was better than the one you had half a meter in front of you. The cover system is awful as most of the times I cannot predict where will Arno stick if I switch between covers .- Combat system is still not good enough. Ubi has artificially raised the difficult by increasing the enemies damage and making the counter chances harder to see. A poor man's Batman Arkham combat system.- Bad AI. It wasn't that great in previous installments of the franchise but in this one is plain terrible. In the past games at  least enemies were somewhat efficient when in the pathfinding but in this game I've found many situations where a group of enemies were stuck against a wall or an obstacle trying to cross it just because they have vision of me through a crack.- The story is pretty plain and the main characters not likeable enough. This is a very personal one. Arno is like Ubi has tried to create a new Ezio but without his charisma. The story is again, just the typical vengeance stereotype.- Technical issues. Typical in the franchise. NPCs that jump, falls or walk against a wall with no reason etc.- Horrible framerate and stuttering. With an i7-6700k, GTX 1070 and 32 GB of RAM the game sometimes suffers random framedrops that render it almost unplayable. Not even choosing the lowest setting seems to fix it. WTF Ubi, WTF."
76561197966471600,Not Recommended,289650,12908038,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bemaze,I experienced multiple framerate issues and textures popping in and strange artifacts during the first 30 mins of the game. Decided to stop playing and wait for patch. I have dual-Titan SLI so don't think that buying a better graphics card will actually help. Other than the technical issues it has a lot of promise.
,Not Recommended,289650,12907722,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Wormwood The Interrogator,"I have two R9 290x's in crossfire and 16gb of ram. CPU is top end too, can't call it off the top of my head. this game plays like old people f*ck. Its no fun, no one wants to see it. If they don't fix this is a timely manner I'll be doing my best to get a refund. I didn't just waste money on the game, I bought the seasons pass only to realize the park isn't open for business. Don't buy it until you can read a bunch of updated reviews that this game runs quite smoothly on gaming rigs that are affordable. Fix it ubi."
,Not Recommended,289650,12913085,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Masterfold,"This game has the capacity to be as good as AC2 or AC:BF. It is NOT there right now, based off of bugs and framerate issues ALONE (ie, excluding all storyline/gameplay related issues)I play on a good PC(maybe higher-mid level or low-upper level quality) and I have horrible framerates, and other high-end PCs are having the same issue. My PC is only a year old, and even though the value of it has degenerated at the same rate of a banana, it still can run Black Flag at its highest graphics settings without ANY lag. That being said, if Ubisoft wants to keep the PC market intact, it needs to come out with software patches for Unity very quickly.GPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760CPU: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-4440 CPU @ 3.10GHzMemory: 8.00 GB RAM (7.92 GB usable)Current Resolution: 1920x1080, 60HzDriver version: 344.65Operating System: Microsoft Windows 8If the bugs are fixed, I will change my review. But for now-my review is negative.From the words of my second-in-command in Shogun 2: ""SHAMEFUL DISPLAY"""
76561198151815536,Not Recommended,289650,13539181,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,zward3191,"This game has the potential to be a really good game. It fixes a lot of things that the past titles struggled on. The parkour is much better, smoother really. The fighting is more challenging, can't take on armies by yourself anymore. A lot of people say that this game went in a poor direction, I disagree, I think this game is more of an Assassin's Creed game than the last 2. You aren't some crazy guy with daddy issues and a anger problem that wins the revolutionary war with a hachet and you aren't some pirate that spends 80% of his time on boat in a game that is famous for running/climbing on buildings. You a french verison of Ezio, origin story and all. Some people don't like that, but after the last 2 disappointments, it is nice to be back to what I enjoyed.Those are the ProsThe Cons.-PAY 2 WIN.....WTF Ubisoft? You can literally start the game with some of the best equipment in the game by paying real money for it....Don't you make enough money Ubisoft? Why sell a game for $60 and then add P2W? Leave that for free2play MMO games.-4patches and it is still broken. My computer is brand new and perfectly capable of playing any game out today.....except for this one apparently. Meet all the recommended requirements except my graphics card which is a Nvidia Gtx 680. In game when I look straight up 30fps when I look straight down 30fps when i looked in front of me to run....15fps...only when NPCs are around. The textures and shadows of NPCs are broken. You will have the exact same frame rate when your graphics and resulotion are set to Ultra High as you will when they are set to Low. There's something wrong with that.- You can't access certain chest without downloading the companion app.....also broken. Crashes over and over again, and I still can't get access to those stupid blue chests.I cannot recommend it at this time, maybe I will change my review when Ubisoft finshes the game."
,Recommended,289650,30879696,Posted: 1 April,all,Dark_Knight<Arpit>,"This is simply one of my favourite Assassin's Creed after Assassin's Creed 2, though it was a disaster at the time of its release mainly on PC and that was because of its poor optimization, glitches and game breaking bugs but now its completed fixed, though I only experienced minor bugs but it was two or three times only in my entire playthrough until now.Assassin's Creed Unity uses new gameplay mechanics and engine as the last time it happend was with AC 3 and infact I loved AC Unity's combat system as its kinda hard now and quite challenging and its new character revamped customization stuff is just amazing and this is what I wanted with a AC game :DAnd finally I'll give some Pros & Cons of this game -PROS+Its new and improved combat system is just amazing and challenging as well.+Improved Character Customization, this is how it should have been in previous AC games.+Paris is just Amazing! and Its just so much FUN freerunning and parkouring around Paris, I just LOVE it <3+New and Improved gameplay mechanics are good and refreshing.CONS :-Story is kinda okay but could have been much better, as I really liked the characters in this game.-Lacks the amount of Soundtracks especially while free roam, I mean it has really nice music when it plays but it just lacks the amount, because music just changes everything and especially in AC games I LOVE soundtracks from AC2 and Brotherhood which used to play while free roaming.And as a Conclusion I will say don't hesitate to buy this game as it is now completely patched and almost bug free( 95% ).I think this game recieved a lot of hate especially on PC at the time of release but now its completely fine and it deserves some appreciation as it was really a Enjoyable and Awesome! experience playing this game :D"
,Not Recommended,289650,13757505,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,irrational hedgepig,"Laggy to the point of unplayability.I am running with 8GB of ram and 2 crossfired R9 280x's along with a Phenom X6 1090T. Waste of 40 bucks, and 55GB of hard drive space. When, if ever, will companies such as Ubisoft and EA learn that a shoddy console port is NOT acceptable for a PC game? Not only is Ubisoft foolishly missing out on a significant amount of revenue by screwing this up - oh wait, they don't care that I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, and they don't even seem to notice that they are missing out. It's okay, I'll just find ways to play YOUR games without having to buy them..."
76561198111391862,Not Recommended,289650,13022196,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Kcaz,"This game is incredibly laggy, but i managed to get through the campaign and i noticed that you should save your money and get one of the other AC games. I wouldnt get this game if you dont have an amazing computer because u probibly cant run it. I cant believe Ubisoft released the game with so many glitches. Hope this helped you out on not getting this game :)."
,Not Recommended,289650,12920122,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ianosity,The only thing that was assassinated was this game every time I tried to run it.
,Not Recommended,289650,12886874,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Poopshoot9,Couldn't even start...should have known my graphics card couldn't handle it. Just wasted $70 that could have been my lunch money. If you don't have a dedicated gaming computer don't even try it I really reget getting this now. This is disappointing. They just got $70 unearned money.
76561198028806921,Not Recommended,289650,12907586,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NCRDesertRanger,"Update- Finished main quest line story. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't exceptional. No similar ""WTF"" moment like at the end of AC:Brotherhood. Just an average predictable ending with nothing special to it.Combat is a lot harder, not that that's a bad thing. No kill streaks. ""Tougher"" enemies are tougher. Whistling enemies to their doom is gone and will be missed. The only issue I have with the combat is that there is no counter measure to enemies shooting at you; no ""human shield"" counter measure. Having two high tier riflemen shooting at you will kill you, and there is nothing you can really do to stop it; except throwing a smoke grenade which isn't my favorable approach to the situation. I really miss the human shield counter measure.One thing I really did enjoy about the game were the investigatory quests, Sherlock Holmes style. I hope they carry on these types of quest into their following games.Hopefully in near future Ubisoft will optimize the game on PC, and polish the game some more so that I'm not so reluctant to recommend the game to others.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Day 1 review -  Story is decent, main character is decent.PC optimization - absolutely horrendous.Mouse/ Keyboard setup is bad. ""No Arno that's NOT were I'm telling you to go! Bad, Arno! Bad!""Glitchy glitchy glitchy glitchy glitchy glitchy glitchy glitchy glitchy glitchy glitchy glitchy glitchy ......Distant textures are non existent, it's a smudge of color.*sigh* this game could have had such a good welcome if it only had been optimized for the PC properly. Too bad...Well, there's always Black Flag. (They had done such a great job with Black Flag! Why did they go so wrong with Unity?!!)"
76561198056094886,Not Recommended,289650,12896291,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rawyvin,"Post DLC ReviewFor those who don't know, by way of pseduo apology, Ubisoft has offered its first DLC, Dead Kings, for free.  Of course, by downloading the DLC, you are giving up your rights to sue Ubisoft over Assassin's Creed: Unity, so there is that.Anyway, I just finished Dead Kings on Xbox.  What I found there addressed some of the issues that I saw in the game, though if you are looking for a glitchless experience, you won't find it here.  What you will find is a more satisfying conclusion to Arno's story, which is one thing that truely disappointed me about Unity.  In addition, you'll get some more side quest goodness with some pretty decent rewards.  Its underground mazes add a new element to the game that is fun to explore as well.It definitly does not fix things.  Bugs abound in the game, to include freezing you in place halfway through a mission, which I found to be the most common bug. Also, where as I found myself constantly relying on stealth in the main game, certain changes in enemy AI as well as the WMD known as the guillatine gun turned me into a melee fiend, kinda taking away from the whole 'assassin' thing.But despite these lingering problems, Dead Kings is a step in the right direction.  If you have the game, the DLC is free, so there is no harm in playing through.  Dead Kings doesn't make up for all the problems that Unity STILL has... but it does at least put a period to the end of a painful paragraph in the Assassin's Creed Franchise.-------Game Completed Review:So I played the game through on Xbox instead of PC.  I left the initial review comments below, for any interested parties, as I still cannot get it to work on my computer.I am a huge fan of the series.  When AC: Victory comes out next year, I will buy the game before it is released, and I will have the season pass.  So when I say that if you are not a huge fan of the series, you should give this game a miss, that should let you know how I feel about the game.Oh, it isn't that Unity is a bad game overall.  Paris is thus far my favorite AC world, and will give you hours of exploration to do, with dozens of activities.  I have been playing it almost straight for the last two weeks, and am still not complete with everything I can do.But that said, it is certainly a far cry from what Assassin's Creed: Black Flag was.  Assassin's Creed Black Flag had a compelling setting, a very compelling protagonist, and the sidequesting was a dream come true - who wouldn't want to be a pirate?  It also ended on a high note, with one of the sweetest endings that I have seen in any game.By comparison, AC:U had an interesting setting (the French Revolution), but interesting is not necessarily compelling.  Arno's initial introduction had me excited; it reminded me of Ezio, which is one of the all time fan favorite assassins.  But Arno wasn't nearly as well developed as he could have been.  Sure, you can go into the database and read Elise's letters, or see the database entry on Arno, but that is not the same as what they did with Ezio over the course of three games, or even Conner or Edward in one game each.  Sidequesting takes a lot of time, and provides a varied amount of activities for you to do, but at some point it got monotonous, and I did not have as much fun completing side missions as I could have.  And finally, the ending, while it brought everything to a nice resolution in one of the best boss fights of the series, left a lot to be desired.  I won't leave any spoilers, mostly because there is nothing to spoil.  In the other AC games, there was always a reason that you were still back in the Animus, finishing up whatever you didn't do; no such reason is given here.If you are a diehard fan of the series, then check out the game when it goes on sale; aside from some major glitch issues (which UbiSoft is STILL working on), the game was alright, and the glitches don't render the game unplayable, just annoying.  But if you are just a casual fan, go get AC:BF or wait until the next AC release to check THAT out.  This game isn't worth the time (so heartbreaking to write that line...)Also, in light of my continuing computer issues, make sure that you have a computer that can run this game well before you get it, if you get it.**********Initial Release Review:Like so many other reviews of this game upon its initial release to PC, I must sadly give a downgrade to what I think would have been an awesome game.  I am biased of course; I love Assassin's Creed; I have been addicted to the series for years now, and have bought the last three games on pre-release.  On all three release days, I have been driven myself crazy trying to get the game to work.  Though I have enjoyed every game in the series (yes, even ACIII, I am THAT much of a fanboy), I have to say that Ubisoft is horrible when it comes to delivery, especially on launch day.I see this game succeeding in spite of itself, as Ubisoft will possibly put out a patch that will make it easier for us all to play on PC, and eventually everyone will forget what a horrible launch day Assassin's Creed Unity had.Until that time, I cannot in good consious recommend this game to anyone who is not a die hard fan.  When Ubisoft puts out that patch (or when I get a better computer in a few years), I will re-review the game at that time."
,Not Recommended,289650,12919736,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,gublet,"This is the first Assassin's Creed I have ever owned. Repetitive gameplay may have been a problem for others but so far it has been fun for me. The physics with hair and clothing is amazing... if it were in 60 FPS. The 30 FPS cap ruins the entire game by making gameplay choppy, ruining the realism, and killing my enthusiasm. The multiplayer gameplay is new and exciting but when I play the 30 FPS sucks♥♥♥♥♥ That is many peoples problem with this game and I wish that Ubisoft would get their head out of their♥♥♥♥♥ Fix the damn problems and just skip making the next game so that you will have one good game since Assassin's Creed 2. Hope you can listen to every review that people have left you and fix your backward♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198119383167,Not Recommended,289650,12888351,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sir. Kumquat,alot of bugs. im trying to redownloading it to see if that fixes anything .
,Recommended,289650,12908709,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,thespiesman,"This game takes my computer and turns it into a second space heater. A pretty worthwhile use of my money given it costs about the same as one. If you are a Canadian, Russian, or living in otherwise cold places I would strongly recommend this game because it takes even the most high-end computers and makes them give off enough heat to make your bachelor pad a bit warmer. 10/10 would recommend ""Space Heater Simulator"" again."
,Not Recommended,289650,13706383,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DiabeticTurtle,fix the freaking fps problem nothing else right now just the fps propblem
76561198091854204,Not Recommended,289650,12928742,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,jmac711,"The game does not support laptops...the entire category of laptops is unsupported.  That doesn't make any sense.  I have a powerful laptop specifically designed for playing high intensity games and I cannot play this game for longer than 45 minutes before it crashes.  What nonsense.  I was cheated out of 60 dollars.  Boycott Ubisoft!  Do not buy any of their games anymore.  They want to discount the PC gaming community?  Let them, see how well that factors into their bottom line."
76561197997289516,Not Recommended,289650,12910920,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,avs439,♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft
76561198075166879,Not Recommended,289650,12907962,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ghoulish Butt Monster,NOT A GAMEPLAY REVIEW (As I can't even make it that far)One of the most horribly optimizted game I have ever played this year (Even worse then Dead Rising 3's release). I cannot even get past sequence 3 of the game as the combat is so unbearable in it's state. Would not recommend it even if it was free at the current state it is in. Let alone $60. I have never felt this ripped off by a game in a long time. First Watch_Dogs now this garbage release. I have now compeletly lost faith in Ubisoft. Will not be getting anywhere close to Far Cry 4 if this is the quality of work I can expect from Ubisoft from now on! Get your s**t together Ubisoft. If they do update and I can play and finish the game I may change my review to positive.
76561198115110623,Not Recommended,289650,12908398,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Chef,"The game itself is fine (story, free running, fighting, etc.).Though unless you have a BEAST of a computer, I would not recommend getting the game. I have to play on low graphic settings, just to get a playable fps. Other then my FPS problem it has been not too bad, other than the two crashes I have experience in my 8 hours of gameplay.Hopefully Ubisoft will fix this soon.Overall: Unless you know for a fact your computer can handle this game, then don't get it."
76561198151351914,Not Recommended,289650,32610706,Posted: 20 June,all,jakkistan1,"I really wanted to like this game, I really tried to.At its core its still an assassin's creed game, But:-The story and character development is pretty sad, I couldn't relate to/or feel for any of the characters.- The damn glitches man... Insane framerate drops, dead zones, every movement glitch imaginable (although i found it pretty amusing that one time i floated around the street like the nun on the blues brothers)I could probably drone on for hours about all the issues this game has, but that would be a waste of everyone's time.Just don't do it, even if its on sale.I made that mistake, and look at this review..."
76561197987179975,Not Recommended,289650,12919699,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Blackstrider,"I havent had much playtime with this game about 6 hours in. But its enough to give my impressions. First off I love the AC series, been a fan since day one. But I can see the greatness of this game. Problem is, are the poor perfomance issues. Crashes, glitches, framerate stutters and major framerate dips and losses even on loweest settings and resoulution. The game is buggy and just plain broken. The issues plague all platform, Xbox One PS4 and PC. This is one of the worst laucnhes from Ubisoft in recent memory, even worse than Watchdogs at launch. Is this is a good game? Sure, once Ubisoft fixes the damned thing. But as of right now, I honestly cannot reccomend anyone should buy this in the current state that it is in. Wait for the patches, *however long that it is* and spend your money elsewhere. There are thousands of reports from all over the internet about this game's terrible performannce issues on even High end PCs. Stay away from this game... just stay the hell away until its fixed..."
76561198070244579,Not Recommended,289650,13979006,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,BestBeast,"I really would like this game except for the support and glitches.  weapons will not stay purchased after completion of regular game. (thus dead kings weapons can not be equipped).  DEad kings is not available on steam account, even though it says it is available on their web site.  They dont seem to be in a hurry to fix these isses (if they are fixxing them at all)."
,Not Recommended,289650,12951327,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,achoo,"It could have been one of the best, if not the best, Assassin's Creed yet.I had no problems with the performance on day 1 even, but the game just itself isnt worth 60€/$/whatever. Maybe on sale.Lets get to the review before this is longer than the LoTR trilogy:Up and down parkour works sometimes perfectly, and would be perfect addition to AC series, but it is about luck. Arno will not follow your orders at all sometimes. Even in the new cover system, Arno will choose the cover he prefers over the cover you chose, and is very clunky. The counter button does not everytime work, Arno's decision not yours, so you will die every now and then, because it was Arno's wish to die.Combat took a massive leap backwards, it was better in AC3 and that should be saying something. The counters dont work, as I said, but not the biggest problem. The biggest problem is the gunshots. You cannot counter them, you cannot always dodge them, and they can happen even when you are in middle of finishing move. Yeah, and two or three shots is enough to kill you when you have max health.A rare plus here tho: I like how when one enemy sees you, they dont have shared vision anymore, so the rest dont. The enemies are individuals, and not controlled by some overmind.Ubi advertised their new customization a ton, but the truth is, it doesent change anything all that much, expect belts (more ammo) wich were in previous ACs too. They are mostly cosmetic changes, and there are only 3 or 4 different armors, and the rest change just one button of the shirt or so. Then there are the good looking ones, but you have to compete in Club Competetive to win those. And even after that you have to save a ton of money to get it, or you could always ''hack it'' with ''hack currency'' that you buy with real money. Yeah, a pay to play pay to win game.What did I like about the game tho? The small, very small, customization and the up and down parkour as ideas, seemless enterable buildings and the new assassination missions. If Assassin's Creed is going into this RPG direction, I feel it is the right one. And playing with friends is almost always more fun than alone. Just ditch this ''seemless multiplayer'' crap, it ruins singleplayer for the singleplayers and multiplayer for the multiplayers.I hope that Assassin's Creed will go the original Tomb Raider path, that another studio would buy the series, and make the series what Assassin's Creed used to be."
,Not Recommended,289650,12964673,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Gameplay_Ethan,Fuxk this game!!
,Not Recommended,289650,12929202,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Devonicus,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR PC.Gameplay was wonderful for the short time I was able to play.  Unfortunately due the immense amount of bugs and slow reaction time of the developer/publisher, I would say this not a wise purchase.  Understanding that all games will have their bugs and problems, the sheer amount of absolutely GAME BREAKING issues for the PC version shows that this is an irregularly reckless and rushed distribution.  Game was not ready for release to PC.  Shame on the publishing reviewers for giving the PC version such high praise despite such game breaking faults.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR PC."
,Not Recommended,289650,12920020,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,NoOrdinaryPanda,"DO NOT GET UNTIL A COUPLE PATCHES!From what I have experienced from this game, the frames are aweful for PC( My pc is a well built, not some crummy one ) and console. It is not well optimized for pc at all. I would say wait a while till you hear some good news from patches because as this game stand it is not worth getting."
76561198057301585,Not Recommended,289650,12919936,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Radio Disney,"I made a petition for this game, ubisoft, and uplay. Please sign it.https://www.change.org/p/ubisoft-make-games-for-pc-more-optimized-and-get-rid-of-uplay"
76561197976624159,Recommended,289650,34105144,Posted: 8 August,all,PilzEtosis,"TLDR: 6/10 - controls are a nightmare, looks beautiful, storyline is AC staple with fun RPG elements.I bought Unity some time ago but unfortunately gave up on it due to poor optimisation - I found it incredibly unsatisfactory to play. However, I came back with a new GFX card and Unity has been patched beyond. So would I recommend it?If you're a fan of the series and relatively familiar with the mechanics, then yes.Just jumping in to AC? This will frustrate the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.I only stuck with it all the way through because I enjoy the franchise. The controls in Unity are frankly abysmal - both in their construction and their response. I found myself fighting more with the button combinations than I was the AI. I'd get stuck in cover, furiously trying to free myself as I was spotted. I'd spend way more time than I was planning scaling the wall/foliage/fencing around windows, because the transition from wallclimbing to window-entering is eye-ball bleedingly bad.You die. Alot. Even for an AC game. But it's mostly because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics. The AI in Unity is vastly superior to previous incarnations of AC and the combat system has been tweaked so it's more challenging - and that I'm not going to complain about. After turning into Murder McPirateface in Blackflag (Which I loved because it's the best Pirate Sim ever) it was more captivating feeling like I was about to get one-shotted by a sword impale or peppered with gunshot.While I'm on gunshot - the game gives you zero (ZERO) prep on how to deal with enemies with guns. Which is pretty much every enemy. You will learn through pain of...everything...to pay attention to the heads up display and the small aiming reticles that pop up around your body.So what's good about Unity? For one, since the patch, Paris feels ALIVE. Like, realy alive. Hundreds of character models ons creen at a time, waving flags and singing songs. Ubisoft have made one hell of an effort to make you feel like you're participating in the French Revolution. It *will* murder the hell outta your rig if you haven't invested in hardware. But it does look and feel amazing.Another massive plus for me was the gearing up process. I was really disappointed that they didnt keep the same gearing detail and quality for Syndicate because it added a refreshing RPG element to the AC franchise. Yes, there are microtransactions, and unless you wanna grind like hell for the Legendary gear, you may find yourself tempted.And grinding in AC: Unity is no longer a simple process - in the past, it appears the best source of income (apart from being a limited property magnate) was doing co-op rifts. Except the online community is virtually non-existent in Unity now. Only once did I get paired with another assassin.  Which is really disappointing because although you CAN manage most of the rifts intended for more players on your own with a bit of patience, there are some rifts you just straight up cant practically do as a lone player.As mentioned before, the scenery is beautiful and the characters are well rendered (personalities not so much). The storyline is your standard AC conspiracies with a bit of back-and-forth with the Templars and Assassins with some shades of grey thrown in for good measure. You do get some interesting mini-levels that throw you into various other time periods including turn of the 20th century Paris, WW2 and Medieval times - but they're far and few between, revisited only as a grindy mini-game.Would I recommend this? Definitely, as a playthrough in the AC saga.Will it frustrate the ever living sh*t out of you? Yes. Yes it will."
,Not Recommended,289650,13028269,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Culveyhouse,"I wasted yet another $60 on a buggy, incomplete, haphazard, gamer-elitist hunk of software code.  The only saving grace so far is that the graphics look amazing in many areas, when not riddled with artifacts, stuttering, and other crap.  Do NOT waste your money on this abomination from hell."
,Not Recommended,289650,12997465,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,JayronHubard,"Bought the game and installed it a week ago. Haven't been able to play it since. I mean literally, I haven't even been able to start the game up. Every time I try to play it ""ACU.exe has stopped"". They have yet to fix this or help me. Do not buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I REPEAT DO NOT WASTE YOU'RE HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS UNPLAYABLE GAME."
,Recommended,289650,31368667,Posted: 25 April,all,Lordmuckinfutch,pretty good game now that most of the bugs are fixed
76561198038839400,Not Recommended,289650,14753322,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Pump the PSI,An absolute disgrace that this game was released like this. Months later and it's still an unplayable mess. As a fan of the series this has stopped me from purchasing any future releases
76561198098381396,Recommended,289650,23740446,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DreamingPagan,"Given the problems that turned me off the game when it first came out, I was pleasantly surprised when I came back a year later and was able to play it with no problems. Enjoyed Arno as a character, although you really need the Dead Kings DLC to feel like his character arc has been completed. I would actually love a sequel with him as the main character. Graphics are beautiful and I really got into wandering around Paris because it felt so realistic. NPCs were nuanced too - I never felt like historic figures were being shoved in my face for the sake of being there, which is a problem Syndicate suffered from.  Overall, I'd give this a positive review."
,Not Recommended,289650,12917617,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,#KushDaddy,"I had posted a review earlier, and gave the game the benifit of the doubt.. but unfortionately in its current state i can't give thumbs up.. but lets start with the good..Beautiful graphics,+Nice story so far,+more polished smoother freerunning (when frame rate is 60)+Some really beautiful and cool missions so far+More challenging combat (yet so far, not as fun, as you don't feel like a badass assassin like in earlier games) ie, no counter kills so far, only one weapon can be held at a time so far, and no hidden blade combat so far.And that ties us into the bad..- on a high end rig with a gtx 780 TI i can't even manage a steady frame rate using recomending graphics settings.the unstable framerate results in me blowing my cover, feeling like i have a ball and chain on me when running, and losing fights with the new combat system.- very glitchy, i fall through maps, get trapped in bushes and have to restart the game, and ""lag teleport"" blowing my cover.- I expected better from an assassin's creed game, and as gamers, we definitely deserve games to be a finished product on release.Now this game still has potential but they need to fix it, as PC gamers we also expect that when we purchace a game, it takes advantage of our rigs power. If this game can run on an Xbox one or ps4, it should be able to run like a dream on a gtx 780 Ti, And all of these issues are using the latest geforce expirance drivers..Black flag was so badass... what happened :/..I really hope for the best with this game, i love the assassin's creed games, I've been a fan since the first game came out. It was my first game on ps3. I am in no way a Ubisoft hater... but they need to fix this.. And thats my stance on all of this."
,Not Recommended,289650,12916160,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Dave,"Very bugging so far, I'm playing on my Alienware M18x with i7-4710, 16 Gb of RAM and GTX 860 SLI (4Gb total)... Yet FPS still drop under 15-20 in every cutscene and around 20-25 in real game...WASTED $60 FOR NOTHING"
,Not Recommended,289650,12907164,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[L],"Although I am a huge fan of the game, there are a lot of issues with the gameplay performance right now, i've only come across a few issues unlike others.I have had the following problems:-Random NPC spawns in the air.-Falling through the map on buildings and the ground. (Fixed)-Massive Frame drops.-Glitchy sequences.-Lack of advanced graphics settings.-Common Mouse lag on menus and other screens. (Fixed)-Uneventful and glitchy combat. (Fixed)Please note the (Fixed) issues are what I have seen, experience with these issues may difer on your system.Edit 11/22/14After playing for a few more hours with the latest patch, the game runs better, no crashes, map glitches or freezing for me, however, I still experience a glitchy type lag, until Ubisoft fixes this I still do not recommend this game.This game is buggy and once again is another example of a horrible pc port by ubisoft.Assassin's Creed Unity had (note had) huge potential but they managed to screw it up in every way possible.All of these issues are easily fixable with updates and patches but for a 60 dollar price tag, to put it in one word, disgraceful.As for the game itself:Graphics are good and I can run it on Very High settings. The sequences are short which results in the main story line being short as well however, there is plenty to do after the story is completed. The Coop mode is amazing and it is really fun to play even with just one friend. Coop is one of the strong points of the game, the experience is unlike any other Assassin's Creed or Coop game."
,Not Recommended,289650,12978323,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Thunganator,"If you are a fan of the previous AC games ESPECIALLY Black Flag please do not play this game. The story, the gameplay, the ""skills"" the mechanics ALL SUCK, they half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this game, took something that wasnt broke (story and idea wise) and ruined it, you cant pick up weapons, fight with your fists, carry more than 1♥♥♥♥♥♥gun and alot more they took out. The story is pathetic and predictable. The cover system is a complete joke and this game is just all around bad. I am ashamed I actually payed for this. Please do yourself a favor and do not give Ubisoft money for this crap. I beat the entire game (about 12 hours) and STRUGGLED through, trying to find motivation to finish it is very difficult. such crap, many money waste. wow"
,Not Recommended,289650,13229820,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,UNiROSSI,"In app purchase, lot of DLC that aren't include in Gold Edition, boring campaign, blah blah blah."
76561198035201885,Not Recommended,289650,12912998,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Keep calm and use ecm,Just... fix this bloody game plz! Or give me money back
,Not Recommended,289650,12989701,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Special K,"First off I would like to say this game is very broken.  Poor optimization, repetiveness, and very frustrating.  Every 5 seconds I get micro lag spikes which slightly pause the game and when the game comes back from the lag spike hair flies all over the place.  I wish I could really enjoy this game being my first game I played from the series but the constant lag makes it very difficult.  I have also heard that people on PS4 are also getting lag.  This game was released 2 months too early in my opinion.5/10"
76561198068452784,Not Recommended,289650,12924279,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,[打飞机] - A .W.,The game crash and i can't even play it..and my PC is not the problem..my PC is beyond the system requirement but the game still crash every time i run it..
,Not Recommended,289650,12920370,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Meme Machine,"My specs:i7 4510U @ 2.8GHz per core8GB DDR3 RAMAMD Radeon R9 290M 2GB DDR3 VRAMAt first I thought the low FPS was my issue. I was not fully convinced however simply because I can run both Tomb Raider and Titanfall on ultra settings (minus TressFX on Tomb Raider) and get 50-60 FPS. As I was extremely dissapointed with my poor judgement on purchasing a game my rig simply could not run I decided to Google "" Assassin's Creed Unity compatibility"" and slowly began to understand the massive issue this game is having. After watching many videos and reading a few articles I've adjusted my settings as such: all textures are low and lighting filters are off, my resolution is at 1280x720 in windowed mode and I get 30-50 FPS. Besides the obvious optimization issues this game has the storyline has no relevance to the last game, it sounds like Sean is still in this game but he has some sort of code-name, I'm not exactly sure. From what I've gathered Abstergo has created an Animus type console that allows you to play memories that they have pre-loaded, the Assasssin's hack your server and upload the memories of Arno to play. I feel as though it's just bull♥♥♥♥♥♥and is clearly a cash cow. I've thuroughly enjoyed every Assassn's Creed game up until this point and I think this will be my last purchase of the series. Regardless of how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the storyline and optimization are, the gameplay and climbing system is incredibly more fluid and I do have fun jumping roof to roof in a quick and easy way, there's not as many hang-ups climbing that I've experienced in the previous which is a plus. Basically if you're a huge fan of the series and have not purchased this game, I don't think it's worth it, if you want to give it a shot cause you think it looks fun, wait until they have fixed this game from the peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥that it currently is then proceed to have fun at your discretion. Just don't buy the game now."
,Not Recommended,289650,13128426,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,A HORNY RHINOCEROUS,"Besides the fact my game (as well as most others) hasn't worked for over two weeks, Ubisoft Support has not only refused, but not even acknowledged this.Either way, the game has too many bugs.Horrible. Don't buy it, pirate it if you REALLY want to, but you'll still be disappointed."
,Recommended,289650,28110929,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dejan,"Played it for few hours when it got released back in 2014. It was an absolute unplayable crap. Revisited it now, it's AMAZING. They fixed the bugs and the game has a lot of cool stuff - i like it."
,Recommended,289650,16179888,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,DaDoubleDee,Due to the new refund policy; I bought this game just to see if would play on my laptop which is getting old and the new patches and fixes make this game run really well. I was honestly very suprised. I get ~30fps on this:Geforce GTX 680MQuad core 2.3ghz16gb RAMSeriously... I thought my laptop would catch fire but nope.
76561198163022514,Not Recommended,289650,12946649,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,aps_contact,who knows how to fix game crashing i really wanna play it but it crashes on loading screen
76561198090832129,Not Recommended,289650,12912391,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Azcension,This game's performance is horrible. I will gladly change it to a positive rating as it is a great game with an interesting character and innovative gameplay. It's just horrendous when it comes to lags and bugs. I hope Ubisoft will get some patches out soon. REAL SOON.
,Not Recommended,289650,12890021,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Camel Holocaust,"Just wanted to have another negitive review. This game runs like the fat, mentally disabled cousin you have, that you dont invite to birthday partys any more because he wont stop eating candles off the cake.10/10 would buy candles again"
76561198006319360,Not Recommended,289650,13755226,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,brobrobro,i had hoped the reports of widespread issues might have been addressed by now and bought it since it was on sale.  didn't take long to realize i was dead wrong.  maybe by next new years it will be playable
76561198032374511,Not Recommended,289650,12907514,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,kelkin1,This is like watchdogs all over again. The more prominent and powerful ubisoft becomes the ♥♥♥♥♥ier their games. I'm so dissapointed...
,Not Recommended,289650,12907860,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rickityraou,"This game has a lot of potential but they fail to hit the mark. There is alot to do in the game almost to much but the main problem is the fps drops and the fact that if feels that Ubisoft sold out. There are so many micro transactions that it hurts to see, and we are talking like increase your sword damage for 3 min stuff. Its a low blow Ubisoft and im sad to see it happen. Oh and they took away the combos you can do with killing the dudes, how you can go from one dude to the other after killing them."
,Not Recommended,289650,29993724,Posted: 17 February,all,şerefsiz torbacı gay semih,"Despite all the negative reviews and people telling me not to buy it, I got this game anyway since I'm a huge AC fan. Well, I ♥♥♥♥ed up. I've played all the AC's up until Rogue and loved them to death, however, this game is mostly crap.Pros:+ Graphics are pretty cool.+ The new combat system: it doesn't let you kill a whole army spamming random keys. You are much more vulnerable.+ The new stealth system: the enemies are not as nearly as dumb before. They can see you even if you're above ground and there is CROUCHING! (it took so long)Neutral:0 The co-op isn't a must but it's okay I guess. I don't hate it nor love it.0 Picklocking system: it's not creative at all but why not just have it?Cons:- The plot is just crap. It's just a much worse version of Ezio's vengeance themed story. Nothing interesting ever goes on. The characters are pretty uninteresting.- The bugs. They are still a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs. Arno never really does what you want him to do exactly. The civilians can be seen wandering in peculiar places doing peculiar things.- The devs were absolutely careless. In addition to the bugs, there is only one store (not exactly a store, just a guy selling♥♥♥♥♥♥ which you buy everything from. It also really annoyed me that when you loot somewhere, you don't actually get the item the game tells you got. You just receive the attached money value. Would adding some details require too much work?- Absolutely awful sidequests: I wouldn't even call them sidequests. The game is pretty much empty other than the main quests. There aren't many creative and unique sidequests. All you pretty much do is assassinate some random citizen, tackle a thief etc. No insight whatsoever.- No decent present day plot: best part of the series was the combination of present day and the past. They destroyed that completely.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this game. For me, it's just pretty. You'd enjoy looking at the screenshots more than playing the game itself and experiencing true horror."
,Not Recommended,289650,12888980,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Kappatain_Kitty,"This game is buggy, poorly optimized and crashes all the time. It has already crashed 7 times and I have above recommended specs to run this game. DONT BUY THIS **** TIL THEY FIX IT.EDIT:: I have neglected to edit this review since I was able to play, and finish AC Unity. Still rage-filled so here we go.This game is terrible. I'm saying this as an AC fanboy, but this game is terrible. Ubisoft should be held to a very high standard, especially with AC games; however, AC Unity does nothing but disappoint and confuse me. My dislike of AC3 and Black Flag were because of the weak protagonists, but Unity takes it to another level.Arno (who's name I couldn't even remember 3/4 of the way through the campaign) is an utterly flat, boring and blatantly trasparent attempt to recreate the magic of Ezio Auditore. Arno is brash, unlikeable, and maintains an immense level of stupidty to further the 'plot' of this game. The sad thing is, most of the characters in this game are about the same, or worse.Elise, your on and off companion throughout the campaign, is an equally flat, idiotic character. She is a plot pusher that comes along whenever the storyline stalls out to the point of it being laughable. Aside from that, she offers precisely nothing to the game whatsoever apart from decent voice-acting.Overall the story is boring, drawn out, and confusing. I never knew who I was killing and why I was killing them, also, whenever you complete a contract your victim does not speak to you (like in previous AC games 'requiescat in pace') but Arno somehow absorbs information from their brain into his. This leads to weird out-of-body experiences that are never explained. Or maybe they were, I was half-asleep from boredom while playing through the story mode.I would say that this game's redeeming quality would be the world, and don't get me wrong, Paris is beautiful, but even with a GTX 970 I can barely manage 24 fps on this poorly optimized insult to AC fans everywhere. Ubisoft should be ashamed of this title, and I truly hope that the next AC game actually works. Try harder next time or you may just kill the franchise.5/10 rot in hell."
,Not Recommended,289650,12915737,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ϩcorchedEΨsØn#SneakyBeakyLike,"So this game has beautiful graphics, and a massive customization mechanism.That's pretty much all the good stuff.There's crashes, game breaking bugs, and texture failures here and there. I know some people run the game fine with the required rig, but the majority of the people (some with more powerful rigs) can't even have the game to load.Until the game patches once again, I classify this game as unplayable. I tried to tolerate everything, for I have stayed up the whole night before the day of launch because of the hype.And I get this. UBISOFT WHAT HAPPENED."
,Not Recommended,289650,12908353,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Leddagger16,10/10 got stuck in a roof. The game runs bad no matter the pc specs it seems. I run a amd phenom II X4 955 while my friend runs an I7 and we have the same framerate (10-25 fps average). Save your money until it goes on sale.
,Not Recommended,289650,12910925,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,SAD Zatch,"Settings on ""High"" looked like♥♥♥♥♥♥and stuttered and lagged. Went to change them and the game crashed my Computer and Steam wouldn't start. Obviously malicious, not-optimized cash grab, just like Watchdogs. Thanks Ubishit. I paid $60, I expect a great game, not♥♥♥♥♥♥Edit 1: Patch 4 made it even more unplayable. Ungodly load times and a tendency not to start the game itself for minutes. 0 FPS when resuming the game. Computer had to be shut down to stop the madness. It's been months Ubishit. Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game or give us all our money back."
,Not Recommended,289650,12913320,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Paisapower,"PERFORMANCE review, not a gameplay review. I can't appreciate the new features because of the overwhelming issues with performance on high end cards.HORRIBLE! Do not buy this game! Constantly getting fps drops and stuttering. I've had every single problem listed on here. Falling through the world and having to restart everything because it couldn't synch with uplay properly was where i was done with this game!!My Specs:GTX 770 Overclocked16gigs of rami7 4770K OC @4.3ghzWhen i ran at the recommended settings I couldn;t even move in-game. I had to put everything on the lowest possible settings just to get it playable, but even then I still stutter randomnly. Not optimized at all for PC. I would say a bad port but it only gets 20fps on the new consoles as well!! Garbage effort from ubisoft"
76561198026946492,Not Recommended,289650,13979776,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,sidewinder,"After Black Flag, it was going to be hard to beat the wide open freedom of AC4.  In more ways than one, this game, AC5, falls flat.  It felt very short, disjointed and there was a real lack of atmosphere during the entire game.  The added RPG, element, of weapon and accessories upgrades, didn't really add enough to make this game a stand out.  My personal view is that this is tied for the worst of the series. I would put AC4 first and AC2 a close second.  There isn't much here to warranty the cost.  Maybe wait till it's about $10"
76561198324562367,Recommended,289650,32016031,Posted: 28 May,all,OrNINJA,if your computer is good enough too run this then get it. it's and amazing game first asssassins creed i have ever played and i don't understand how it gets so much hate . its very hard at times but i see that as a good thing
,Not Recommended,289650,12992710,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Very Buttery Bread,"Its broke for now........good job Ubisoft.21/12/2014 Update: After the patches, it's is still kinda broken :)"
,Not Recommended,289650,12913862,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ckckckkkk,"Trying to start this game since yesterday,  so disappointed"
76561198062523677,Recommended,289650,19275888,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Moxicles,"Despite its infamously rocky launch, I actually feel Unity is one of the strongest games in the series. Big improvements were made to combat, stealth, parkour, and level design. Paris is gorgeous and bustling. I really enjoyed the character customization and co-op modes, and I'm quite sad they didn't return in Syndicate.The game has received a number of performance patches, and content is no longer gated behind the companion app/Initiates/Club Competitions. With Steam now offering refunds, I really encourage fans of the series who skipped Unity to give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,289650,12887449,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jason Lee James,"Got it to work, Lags durring cutscenes though.Gameplay is adequate, with occasional Glitches.Hair bugs out from time to time.Steps to get it working.1 - Update your drivers from manufacter's website manually2 - Configure your settings to  performance over quality(your GPU custom software settings)3 - Load game and wait patiently, skip the pre-intro, watch the intro, once you can walk set your graphics to LOW(do this only if you don't have the ""minimum requirements"" aka GTX600 or GT650M etc), Medium (if you are at ""MR"" 670 - 680) or leave it as is if you have better than the ""MR"" (700+)Play this Game on a Console if you have yet to buy it."
76561198062283723,Not Recommended,289650,12991161,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Coshy012,I am dissapointed that this is what the assassins creed series has come too. and for anyone looking for a 'lore friendly' story from the modern work complimented by the revoultion era assassining prepare to be dissapointed. Ubisoft need to repair soo many things about Unity. They have sent an unfinished game onto the market. If you are on the fence about buying this wait a few months for them to sort their♥♥♥♥♥♥out.
76561198074708308,Not Recommended,289650,13484032,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rabbit?,"All I'm going to say is...  Since release there have been 4 patches, that have fixed roughly nothing for the stability or quality of game play. IF Ubisoft can get their act together, and get the game patched, Unity will be a great game... But as it stands, I don't think anyone at Ubisoft has even tried to play this game on PC, even their testers..If you'd like to buy a game that has been released, but is the quality of an Early Access Alpha or Beta...Then this is the game for you..As it stands, I can not recommend this game, however  based on it's Potential I would recommend it in maybe 6 months. As we all know though, 6 months is a long time for a game to survive.."
76561198016053604,Not Recommended,289650,13488639,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rarebear,"You guys screwed up on this one.  This thing has more bugs than an early access game and thats saying something. Its just constantly crashing all the time. Cant get through one hour and a half without crashing.puts some patches up guys. ive already waited a LONG time to get it and its still all freakishly buggy, dude runs weird Chests wont open, Swords killing slashing air and killing dudes from 5 feet away, same with the should shove. its like 3 feet away and the dude compressed so much air it threw the opponent off. CMON! that sucks!I freaking LOVE this franchise and you guyrs are absolutely killing my experience man.Other than that it looks nice."
76561198136150355,Not Recommended,289650,12932307,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Dokarin,"First of all, let me tell you that i've played this game on both PS4( friends house) and PC( My game)The difference between consoles and PC version are obvious: Lagg.Some may say there are more glitches in the PC version then the console version, but that may not be true.The reason why less glitches and bugs may be encountered in consoles in comparison to PC is that most are caused by the lagg, example:The scale down a building pretty fast once you got the hang of the new parkour controls, when suddenly your game laggs for maybe 3 seconds. When the mists of lagg clear and you're eager to continue, you notice Arno floats mid-air in his gliding position, not able to move or anything. Starting Coöp or fast traveling may fix this, yet if you're in the begin missions, this may turn you into a rage devil.( consult a doctor before raging, tables will be flipped.)A pro about the PC version is that the online experience is free of cost, in comparison to PS4 and XboxOne.Lagg doesn't occur for me most of the times(mind you that the only thing not being 'optimal' is my vid card.)making the online experience one of the best gameplay features of Unity.Just for those who would still consider buying it. I strongly suggest you don't when your pc can't handle the weight this game will bring with it. If your video card is from Nvidia, is a ' generation too less' and it's the only thing not optimal for Unity, you might want to take the risk to try it, if you're willing to go through 30 minutes of hell first in the begin missions.Conclusion: For the average old gen pc user, i don't recommend buying it. For those with a 'weaker' vid card, i'm suggesting you consider well before taking the risk to try it. But a life without risk, is a life not lived."
,Not Recommended,289650,12952737,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ser Betawolf,This is why we cant have nice things :(
,Not Recommended,289650,13457897,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ned Big D,I have generally been happy with all of the Assasins Creed series PC ports till this game. AC Unity has so many problems with PC optimization and I feel it takes away from what could be a good game without all of the lag and co-op problems. I really wish Ubisoft took their time on this game and polished it up before release.
76561197971058545,Not Recommended,289650,12907211,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,bailey,game sucs cant play even with fast pc. tre dam mouse xyz dosnt reset even after adjusting.
76561198055153013,Not Recommended,289650,12889727,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,saren,"Seriously I was so excited for this game... then I realized i had only played the game for about an hour and the FPS was horrible, the game crashed every 2 freaken seconds.... I hope they fix it because I realllyyyy like this series"
76561198118227684,Not Recommended,289650,12916752,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,bencherry92,Being stuck in the 30-40 fps range with a GTX 970 is a joke.
,Not Recommended,289650,12907217,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TYTHETYTAN,"Hmm So far it looks good, but my only issue is that I can't actually play..."
76561198081607270,Not Recommended,289650,13055277,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,USMCMartinez,Until all the patches are made i wouldn't recommend this game to isis.
76561198027959202,Not Recommended,289650,13456896,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ironjackel,do not buy this game.. sooo buggy glitchs everywhere and almost unplayable because of frame rate issues .. they took this out of the oven too soon
76561198161387505,Not Recommended,289650,13990713,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Racist_Oreo,"PC Rig: Nvidia GeForce GTX 750 tiIntel i7 @ 3.2GHZ=z12 GB RAMI don't see any reason for this game not to work, even on the lowest setting, but it does. Right after starting it up for the first time, it would barely work with the setting as low as they get. Now I get I don't have a super computer, but this is just ridiculous. My computer is not so bad that I shouldn't be able to run this game. Bad move Ubisoft."
76561198006265186,Not Recommended,289650,13470084,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,romulous,"My first ontroduction to the AC series was the game prior to Unity, ACIV: Black Flag. I loved it, and was really looking forward to Unity. Everyone is well aware now how the launch of Unity turned out, so I am not going to re-hash all that (in short, game ran well for a small minority, there were massive problems for everyone else). I'm was in the latter group, and putting aside the myriad of bugs (such as Arno getting stuck on level geometry with no way for you to move), my biggest issue was very poor performance, even with every graphical setting dialled down to the absolute lowest.Now that Patch 4 has been released (the patch that was meant to focus on performance), I am still in exactly the same position. There appears to have been no performance improvements on my system whatsoever with the new patch. So, maybe one day when I buy a supercomputer, I may actually be able to properly try out the game (though it will still likely be an unoptimised POS, so unlikely). I suggest avoiding it in the meantime."
,Recommended,289650,33982005,Posted: 2 August,all,Tuprex,"I don't care enough to write a full review, but this game really isn't that bad. Not great but not as bad as people said it was."
76561198095809973,Not Recommended,289650,13460196,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,~Mr.Quackalack~,Unless you got a computer that can run as fast as a mutherfuking horse. Then your wasting your money on this game. Got it on sale for 40.19$ when in reality I only should have payed .02$. Also... Ubisoft -_- I start the game up. yea looks fine till the start screen then it starts to get a little laggy. then ingame. i try to run I do what it appears to me as running while my hair is going all over the place. Then a pause. Then game crash. So yea.... untill they can fix this game. No one should buy it. If you play tf2 buy a hat. Buy a nice game on steam thats cheaper. Binding of Isaac Rebirth I hear thats a good game -_- But in the love of Gaben Christ. Dont give your money to him.
76561198033753720,Not Recommended,289650,12912976,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,elblobbo,"My rig is i7 3630, 16 GB ram, GTX660 with 2GB ram. I realize that my video card falls on the bottom end of the specs, but to not even be able to play the game at all on the lowest graphic setteings is extremely dissapointing.I realize it's my bad for not reading the game specs before I plopped down the coin for the game, so this is just a warning to anyone thinking of buying ACU... Don't bother unless your rig is top of the line, especially in regards to your graphics card."
,Not Recommended,289650,12908343,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Onny󠀡,No
,Not Recommended,289650,12918848,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Xander Horus,"RUN FROM THIS!!!Ubisoft should be ashamed to release this and charge 60€!!!Badly optimised for PC, serious bugs (graphical and gameplay wise).I'm never gonna buy another thing from Ubisoft.RUN AWAY FROM THIS, LIKE THE DEVIL IS TRYING TO CATCH YOU!!!PS: Wait for heavy patches before buying"
,Not Recommended,289650,12960952,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Popbojo,"This game could be great, ya know, if you made it past the loading screen before it crashed.I have a GTX 760I7 3.5ghI cant make it past the loading screen and i want my money back."
,Not Recommended,289650,12924830,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,OG Pickle Boy,"this game is totally ace meat... if you wanna spend 3-5 hours on trying to get the game to run on medium settings and still have to deal with the buggy EVERYTHING be my guest. i just dont understand when it became okay for companies to come out with products that dont work, ths♥♥♥♥♥♥is getting on my last nerve, ubisoft is dead to me, i want a refund of time and money."
,Recommended,289650,25106330,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SuperSandro2000,"Another great Assassin's Creed game! The atmosphere is awesome and the more populated streets do really work in that favor.There are a lot of side missions, collectibles and chest to open and maybe to many. The main story is as always not that long.The only thing that I really hate is that lockpicking. It is awefull, not fair and way to arcadi."
,Recommended,289650,27566972,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,procrastinator,"I really enjoyed this game. I was always a fan of the series but that didn't affect my playthrough as this title was different than the other ones.Pros :- Amazing graphics- Experienced very rare bugs- Nice Customization of character- Combat feels great- Climbing up and down is much more fluid than in other gamesCons :- Very short campaign- Map is overcumbered with things to do and loot- No developpement on the battle between abstergo and the assassin's outisde the animus.All in all, I had much fun with this game. Campaign was too short for me to fully experience the game. There's some area I only visited once and never had the need to go there again. I had very few bugs and it didn't break the ""immersion"". The combat is better than in previous game in my opinion. What I remember most about the game is not the story but how gorgeous it looked. For 30$ bucks, I felt like it was worth my time and money."
,Not Recommended,289650,12928622,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,high on maple syrup,"NO SPOILERLet me tell you a story about me, sitting in my chair playing Unity. I was doing a mission that involved assassinating somebody af the templar order (about 2/3 of the game) in a palace. I do the little side mission things so it would be easier to kill the target. Afterwards, I try to get in the place. The game says nope and I'm magicaly stuck in a wall...great. Reaload last checkpoint. The game says the distration is still unlocked so I don't have to do the side thing. Awesome. Except the game lied. No distraction...great. Let's try anyway, I enter the palace/house/thing and NOPE... 10 fps, impossible to do the mission...GREAT, game breaking.Lowest settings possible.i7-4770k2 GTX 760SPOILER (sorta)TL;DR that b*tch of Marie Lévesque had the best defence possible, 10 fps at low. The templars won."
76561198098569798,Not Recommended,289650,12890208,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,samtastic94,"Wow, the performance of this game is VERY dissapointing.... there is no way I could put it any nicer."
,Not Recommended,289650,13873095,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Warlock Beta,"Chaotic issues all over the place.Major FPS drops and such make it unplayable for many........even on monster rigs that exceed the reccomended specs.  Been that way since release, despite 4 patches already.I reccomend waiting to consider buying until patches finally get it working."
,Recommended,289650,16139783,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Zed Clampet,"TL/DR An excellent AC game that suffered from an abysmal launch, but which is fairly playable at this point.StoryThe story of Unity is nothing special, but fully adequate.  One doesn't necessarily play AC for the story anyway, but it carries along nicely from the more recent games.Parkour ControlsIt's pretty easy to get around. My one complaint involves getting down from a roof. Arno simply doesn't like it, no matter how many times you push the buttons, causing me to constantly look for alternative, non-lethal jumps.Of course, there's still that ""My assassin is an idiot"" feel when you are running down the street and suddenly jump onto an urn someone left behind, sitting there perched like an imbecile.  You jump off, but instead of landing on the ground, you make a magnificent leap onto a bench across the street.  Jumping from the bench, you now grab onto the beams over a doorway.  Arno, you idiot. I just want to be on the fricking ground!CombatCombat is fairly nice and responsive, but somewhat repetitive.  You mostly just swing, parry, etc.StealthStealth is difficult, as the AI can see you in the most unlikely way.  Still, successfully going stealthy will usually make your life easier, although in most instances you can get caught and just slaughter everyone, regardless.Co-opCo-op is a blast.  You can do free roam together and there are quite a lot of co-op quests. Some of these list as being for 4 players, but we've handled all of them with just 2.  You continue to get rewards for completing co-op quests even after you've done them a time or two.Optimization and BugsIt's highly unlikely that you will get 60fps on Ultra. I have a 980m with 16 gb of RAM and a 3.,5 ghz processor and get about 45. Medium graphics still look nice. Low graphics look...awful.I haven't encountered any bugs."
,Not Recommended,289650,13436340,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,littleman809,Game wont even start.. always says acu.exe has stopped working when I start it up
76561198154051564,Not Recommended,289650,12990033,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,ericrayquan47,This game is garbage steam needs a way to refund people for situtations like these this is the buggest game i have ever planned and it has changed my thoughts on the series
,Recommended,289650,28622208,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Term1nator98,Set the spoken language to French. 10x's more immersive.
76561198147329261,Not Recommended,289650,12987844,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,l29king,i cant get it to work. keeps crashing. im just probably going to buy this on the ps4 like i originaly planned to do. when are the patches coming out to fix these bugs?
76561198006842167,Not Recommended,289650,12917469,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,PcolaTy,"Been an Assassin's Creed fan since AC2, so am familiar with the series.The good.-Beautiful city-Good love story between the Assassin Arno and Templar Elise (Brings back memories of Altiar and Maria Thorpe).-Customization - You can now arm Arno with a series of ranged weapons at the same time.-Historical characters - just cannot believe I meet Napoleon in Versailles.-Character customization - even greater abilities to customize your assassin now.The bad.-Bugs, bugs everywhere.-Poor optimization-Certain actions can cause you to literally fall through the map and or crash the game (mostly fighting and assinations).-Framerate issues in certain areas.-AI characters cannot climb up onto roofs like in previous titles. (Hint: To get away from a fight, just go straight up and they will forget about you.)-Not entirely sure if this has happened to anyone else, but I've had problems with desync in the games and had to restart a memory.-Trait system - Great idea, lousy execution.Slight edit: As someone stated, this game is way pre-Alpha and should not of been released, but seeing as this is UBI that we are talking about, I guess I should not of expected anything less."
,Not Recommended,289650,13465196,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,RASA_MASA,"Welcome to Paris circa 1789 and meet a ♥♥♥♥♥torm that is the french revolution.You're some cliche obnoxious male model with a ponytail minus father.You're in the wrong place at the wrong time and eventually end up as an assassin in the Brotherhood of Paris, an organisation of assassins.Your merry group of hooded model citizens is fighting an ancient war against another, evil organisation of Templars who seek to gain control of the world and make everyone wake up at 4 in the morning (true story).Oh and there is a sword that shoots lightning, yay!Before I flame the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this piece of crap, I've just got to say that I love(d?) Assassins Creed games.Overall for me, Unity is the new low point in the long line of Assassins Creed games. Here is why.Time to vent about dirty money. You're offered packages of in-game currency up to worth of nearly 100 euros to buy items which make the game easier for you. The game is already relatively easy and you don't need any of the bling provided by the cha-ching. Besides, you're rewarded with in-game items as you progress in the game and I found those items to be just enough help. Now I do realize that mtx-business is the current trend and its understandable for them to try and make money out of their product but it just feels wrong, like dirty money. Not like Valve's business model which doesn't make the game any easier. Cheats used to be there to make the game easy for scrubs but I guess that time is long gone.The story of the game is not entirely ""flat"" but it lacks that something which made the original Assassins Creed game have such an impact on me. Perhaps its the fact that the AC games used to have a ""real life""-side to their storyline as opposed to Unity where all the action happens in-game. The main story in the series that (without going too much into detail) had to do with a certain ancient civilization and their relics, the happy fun times that is the impending demise of the world etc.  seems to have lost much of its importance and role in the game. Now Templars are just some chumps looking to make money at others expense and the really sinister world-domination is not that prominent a theme anymore.Luckily the storyline conscists of traditional AC themes such as betrayal, romance and ""fight the power""-mentality which is all good there and definitely a big plus but overall still lacking.Now, some good things to say about the game.Graphics are fantastic. The level of detail and architecture (thats a plus for architects of Paris of the time though) in the various castles, churches, palaces and whatnot is of very high quality and really just a sight for sore eyes.The gameplay of AC conscists of freerunning and combat as usual and it feels fairly smooth (albeit for some incredibly silly controlling flaws and bugs, much of which were fixed on the first patches), except for the combat mechanics: the ""skills"" are bought with yet another currency and to me it feels ridicilous that you just can't do anything to an enemy on the ground before you ""buy"" ground execution (which btw. can't be used in multiplayer, no idea why).Shooting mechanics are allright but the phantom blade addition just feels silly (much less than blowgun used in the black flag).Perhaps the biggest and the best addition Unity has tried to give us are the multiplayer missions. A nice idea truly, but the lack of communication makes coordinating a 4-man assassin team a ludicrous job. Multiplayer bit has a lot of improving to do and I hope future patches do just that.The Unity companion app is allright but the rewards it gives are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥. 250 credits from a single blue ""nomad chest"" makes me just think ""yes mad"". Not worth my time doing the ridicilous puzzle♥♥♥♥♥♥ mission bit and then having to fetch it myself or wait for 24 hours. Right.Unity app feels like its just something they took out of the actual game for the sake of taking it out. Playing it on your mobile or tablet is okay I guess but what if someone doesn't have said devices at their disposal? Surely, they're living after their time but I'm just saying they should've added an option to do that♥♥♥♥♥♥in-game.The game, with all its flaws, works as a fantastic time-sink even after completing the main story.Running around the city, collecting the collectibles and doing mini-quests, multiplayer missions and stuff can give many hours of enjoyment if you wish to call it that.TL;DR: mämmi with sprinkles6/10 would not play through a second time"
,Not Recommended,289650,13979580,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,mystikkpro,"Please, I'd like you to take some time to read this, because you may waste $50 or more on this game. I have an incredible gaming computer which can stand pretty much every game, high settings at 60fps but that being said if you're like me and can handle the extreme lag of this game which most people have the glitches actually make the game unplayable. Not meaning the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥.. It is actually unplayable. I can not see the main menu, the map or most of the game at all with a white screen which keeps on flashing. This game does have potential and I love the story line so far but I just can't get passed any more. I am extremely dissapointed in Ubisoft, the game has been our for a fair few months now but the PC version is complete crap. Either get this on a PS4 or Xbox One, or don't get it at all."
76561197994830401,Not Recommended,289650,13962778,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,mediumvillain,"Don't get this game. If you decide you must play it, get it for console, and get it on sale or pre-owned. It looks very pretty, but it's buggy as hell, it doesn't perform as well as comparable games, the changes to the fighting & movement systems are unnecessary & counterintuitive, the story is not particularly innovative or enthralling and... just, everything. I knew there was something wrong the moment I loaded the game and rather than being taken to a menu to change the graphics settings, it loaded a forced intro movie & opening sequence played on ""less than optimal"" settings, and I had to finish the opening mission, then actually quit and reload the game before I could even access the settings menu.  To be honest, I prefer Rogue to Unity, despite being last gen. Not at all a good sign for the franchise or for Ubisoft.P.S. Don't ever buy a game that has a review embargo until a day after it's released."
76561198188212605,Recommended,289650,34151439,Posted: 10 August,all,Big smile Lee,After a few patches it is a good game. The fight system is one of the most difficult in the whole ac history (up to ac origins)
,Recommended,289650,23002639,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,uncle billy,Runs decently
,Not Recommended,289650,12885456,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,juanbear,well ♥♥♥♥ me... so are you going to fix this ub♥♥♥♥s are you going to ignore us
76561198007421613,Not Recommended,289650,13028094,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,f_c99,"I rarely write a review, but ACU definitively deserves one.As many people I was very disapointed with the quality of the game (control of the characters, camera angle, fight ... you name it), but I think some of these issues can be fixed with patches.What can't be fixed is the story line. And I don't mean the French history.No spoiler here, but the story is really bad, like properly bad and boring. I mean even if the game is not technically good, I was hoping it will compensate with an interesting development of the story.But no, with ACU you get nothing : No fun playing and no fun finishing the game.The only fun you have at the end is that you get 38Go free on your computer."
76561198046621908,Not Recommended,289650,14102920,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ikillkittens™,Where were you when Ubisoft was kill?
76561197967720725,Not Recommended,289650,12917314,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Radix Malorum,"Get this game if you enjoy single digit frame rates and stuttering with pcs better than required specs running on low graphic settings and randomly falling into the world desyncing and failing the mission.They obviously either did no QA or outsourced all their QA to a team of mentally challenged walruses because the framerate drop and stuttering is constant and ever present on pcs with higher specs than the recommended specs  even on low preset settings and destroys any and all fun that can be had with the game or its story.Even the menu lags, which is ridiculous and absurd.  This is one of the worst launches I've seen in a large franchise in a very long time.  Even Rome 2 TW and BF4 arguably had better launches than this.FYI.  This is even with the updated Nvidia drivers specifically for AC Unity."
,Not Recommended,289650,12912701,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,William,"Ubisoft should be thankful steam does not have a return policy. This is one of the worst releases I have ever seen. It would appear that no QA testing was done and the game was released. Do NOT buy this game, spend/save your money elsewhere."
76561198036852388,Not Recommended,289650,12911274,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,penney7,THIS IS ABSOLUTE♥♥♥♥♥SHITE!!! they cant have possibly thought this was ready to be released to the public. on any pc the frame rate no matter if your build is god like or♥♥♥♥♥♥its always chopy at the most crucial moments.they worked more on the trailers than they did on this game. honestly if your thinking of buying this game DONT. i cant stress this enough its not worth the 70 bucks you put into it. probably worth 20 bucks no more. the game is way to buggy to play.
76561198076676545,Recommended,289650,34019814,Posted: 4 August,all,Start,"I've heard many negative reviews in the past about this game, but I think it wasn't too bad, I like playing co-op with my friends a lot, there may be a lot of bugs, but it's not too bad. I just wish that Ubisoft spent more time on this game, it would've probably been better if they worked on it once again.I suggest you get this on sale, it's better getting it for $20 instead of $40.The story was actually good in my opinion, it wasn't too bad but it was actually a nice story.Before you get this game, you should get a good computer."
,Recommended,289650,34736307,Posted: 4 September,all,OHELLOTHERE,"I enjoyed the game, it was really fun, there was a lot to do and the ending was very good, only thing that i didn't like was that arno (the assassin) didn't have any personality when he became an assassin, he was just the one kid in class that sits in the corner and doesn't speak to anyone."
76561198017166821,Recommended,289650,23924886,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,HYDRA_assassin,"Assassin's Creed unity has got a hell lot of backlash since its initial buggy release. But i gotta say, 90% of its bugs are fixed. The game is still definitely flawed, with bugs here n there, but its still a very beautiful game. In my opinion its way prettier than Syndicate. I'm giving it a thumbs up because its very very playable now, and its a must have for every assassin's creed fan out there. Go ahead and buy it. You won't regret."
,Not Recommended,289650,13492362,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Falukorv,"I DO NOT RECOMMEND YOU TO PAY FULL PRICE FOR THIS GAME(Probably not even buy it on sale).Cons:-Boring characters and stoy.-Most of the games chests are locked behind Uplay, Initiates and the 'not working' Companion app.-The game is full of bugs.-The multiplayer is a joke.-All of the best gear is locked behind ""Club competitions"" which doesn't even exist in the game. This means you can't access the best gear(even thoug it is displayed in the menu) since they decided to lock it behind something that you probably have to pay for anyway.-All the side activities doesn't contribute to the game at all since they only give you money, which you after about halv the game have enough of since you can't spend it on anything.-An insane price for the crappy content it offers.-Microtransactions.Oh and since the latest patch the game freezes in the start menu everytime whic means that I can't play it. Would recommend 100000000000/10.Pros:-Pretty graphics."
76561198150343565,Not Recommended,289650,13440536,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Duck_Marston,This game this game has put me threw so much torment ever sence I bought it. I loved it the story was genaric but no complants the thing this game did to me was delete my save progress. I didn't do it once but four times it deleted all my saves. The first three times I played it I was half way threw the game. But the last time it did it I was almost finished with the story. I loved assassin's creed but know I have no problem never playing this game or any others that come out in the future.
76561198028530708,Not Recommended,289650,12889033,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rhombus,"It's a shame 'cause I like the story and I want to play it more, but the poor optimization prevents me from wanting to do so. Not recommending this game in its current state."
76561198074625073,Not Recommended,289650,12939032,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Lucky Look,Brokens Creed Unity
76561198036440588,Not Recommended,289650,12885716,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DanishDynamite,"I feel so let down / cheated. The game is super sluggish and littered with bugs. I can play Watch Dogs and Far Cry 3 with virtually full settings applied and have them run smooth as silk. This monstrosity on the other hand is flat out unplayable. Unplayable at minimum settings with NVIDIA's most recent 344.65 driver. The game looks stunning, which is what breaks my heart considering the painfully low frame rates I experienced. If you have a super-computer, congratulations, because thats what you'll need to play this game the way it was meant to be experienced. What a bummer. I was really excited for this one. Sad waste of $60.My Specs:OS:            Windows 8.1 ProProcessor: Intel i7 - 4771 CPU @ 3.5GHzRAM:         16GBGraphics:   NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780MVRAM:       4GB"
,Not Recommended,289650,12945846,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Geek Citadel,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=341821854Arno goes on a trip with his father, meets a pretty young girl, and soon finds his deceased father lying dead at his feet. He grows up into a roguish man with a fondness for getting himself into trouble. His bad boy ways catch up with him as he tossed into prison after he is framed for murder. Coincidentally, he is placed in prison with a man who served with his father as an Assassin. With this new knowledge he takes on the role his Father once held and starts on his path to revenge.What we likedSplendid Visuals - France is beyond gorgeous, and this is easily one of the most beautiful games I have ever played. The detail of each of the buildings is superb. The increased number of civilians are what truly steal the show, with over 100+ NPC’s crowding the streets and causing havoc. Each of the main characters are painstakingly detailed and have accurate and convincing facial expressions to match. This is easily the best looking and detailed Assassin’s Creed title to date.Stealthy – I always thought that for a game all about Stealth, Assassin’s Creed had one of the absolute worst systems for doing so. Someone using the Animus has played a little bit of Splinter Cell, because Arno has finally learned what other Assassin’s haven’t… how to sneak around and use cover. It isn’t perfect by any means, but at least the options have expanded significantly.Wealth of Content – Unity makes sure that you don’t ever have to worry about running out of things to do. There is so much content that exists in the game that it can be a bit overwhelming at first. Once that map opens up and each of those quests and collectibles appear on the screen, you’ll wonder if you will ever complete it all.Cooperative Play – I’ve been dying for an Assassin’s Creed to allow for some true cooperative play. Unity does a great job at setting up missions for up to four players, or allowing them to free-roam and take on the world with their pals. If only the game wasn’t a mess in pretty much every other way.What we didn't likeBuggy – What would an Assassin’s Creed game be without bugs? From people sinking into the floor and regularly popping into view, to the odd appearance of textures forming in the background. This title is full of all sorts of nonsense that will surely create many a YouTube Blooper Reel.Not Optimized – I have a GTX 980 and this game has all sorts of issues playing the game past the high setting. The frame-rate sporadically dips from 60 to 45 during cut scenes or anywhere there are tons of people standing around the city. This game was clearly was designed for a graphics card that will only appear when we get warp drive technology. It makes it a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to configure for both looks and performance, and the random leap between frame-rate can get in the way of the experience.The PS4 version on the other hand is filled with muddy textures, and basically becomes a slide show in most areas. This actually impacts combat and movement responsiveness which made it harder for me to parry attacks. The game had the nerve to freeze up randomly in some areas as well, while still sporting all of the buggy issues mentioned on the PC version. The console version is an absolute mess.Terrible Story – The plot relies on the tried and true revenge trope and a lot of convenient moments so that Arno can kill people. Unlike the previous games in the series, assassinating a Templar figurehead will emit a wave of memories for Arno to pick up with his ESP or whatever godlike ability he possesses. The problem is that for some reason the story is led by his sudden visions and nthe meanderings of the Assassin’s running the animus from the outside.The story outside of the animus highlights the Assassins finding a random hacker, and asking him to help them beat Templars. He has no choice but to help them of course, and that’s the whole back story. You play a random guy who has to stop the Templars from stealing history… go you! I feel like I’m playing a random episode of Carmen San Diego or something, nah… that would be cool.Stiff Combat – There are a few changes that have made the life of an Assassin much harder. Enemies strike with a bit more precision and can kill an under-geared assassin in one or two shots. Other than that the combat remains strikingly similar to previous games in the series, and in some ways it takes many a step back. Arno can get hit while trying to finish animations, or fail to properly lock-on a target to attack someone at his back. He will often flail about attempting to fight, and the overall feel of combat feels slower and less refined. It looks bland in comparison to games like Shadow of Mordor, which proves that sword combat can be fast, fluid, and visceral.Parkour fail – Assassin’s Creed games are notorious for ignoring the problems with its automated navigation system. In fact, Ubisoft promised that Unity’s climbing system was “overhauled” for the Next Generation. If by overhauled they meant they add some pretty animations and kept the awkward loss of momentum issues… I’d agree. Anyone expecting quick and fluid animation as shown in E3 video will be sorely disappointed.Outside content – Assassin’s Creed Unity has a collection of content within the game that cannot be accessed without other apps. You have to download the companion app and sign up for the initiates’ website to access certain chests in-game. So unless you feel the need to get all these excess programs, you won’t be able to enjoy all the content.ConclusionAs it stands as of the very first week of release, Assassin’s Creed Unity is a technical mess full of bugs and performance issues on every platform. When you can get around the frame drops and the glitches, the gameplay doesn’t make great strides improve on the tried and true formula. Assassin’s Creed Unity earns a Fans Only from Geek Citadel. This franchise has taken a spiral due to the lack of attention paid to creating a working game.The most volatile part of the problem is when well-known video game journalists like IGN, Kotaku, and many more don’t let us know these problems exist. They wait until we’ve all started boohooing after we purchased the game, but they have clearly had their hands on it a week ahead of schedule. Right after that they want to make an article saying “You should stop buying games early,” so they can fit into the mold. No guys, you should have created an article stating that this game is awful before release.I know a lot of these “video game journalists” are afraid to lose the free games they receive from companies. Yet people on YouTube go out of our way to buy a game, play it, and create a review without a handout from publishers. If we can take our time and do that without fear of being blacklisted by these companies… why can’t Gamespot, IGN, and Kotaku? They get paid to do this stuff, so where is the journalistic integrity when we need it most? Don’t be afraid to say before we spend $60 on a game that it is garbage.Publishers also seem to think they can just push a game out the door because it “should be released by now.” That’s an easy way to push garbage onto us people who are paying for these games. It’s an unforgivable practice to ship a game as retail in such a broken state. Assassin’s Creed Unity is a game I want to like, but the more I try to play it the more the flaws hold back my experience. For a game branded as a full release, it absolutely feels like a game that belongs in Early Access."
76561198028735506,Not Recommended,289650,13472691,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Duskkiller,Porrly optimised peice of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198037529018,Not Recommended,289650,13018077,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,benross,i regret i bougth it
,Not Recommended,289650,13978231,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,MegaMan,"Spent 20 minutes setting up Uplay before finally starting the game. Framerate was chugging, so I adjusted some graphical options and my character's hair started whipping back and forth as if possessed. Game then defied expectations by somehow becoming even slower. I waited four patches before playing and the first level doesn't even work right. Unplayable."
,Not Recommended,289650,13011757,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Ssin.,"Gameplay's funStory's alrightBut oh god the crashing and framerate dropsPlease, for the love of god, if you're planning on buying thisdont do it yetit's a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right nowBut you have guns so 10/10"
,Not Recommended,289650,12932995,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,rampage,Buggy crap. No English localization for Russians.
76561197998830660,Not Recommended,289650,12916558,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Vordun,"Poorly optimized; I have to play on minimum settings.A bigger issue than this is the presense of quick-time events.  I cannot progress through the story because of a quicktime event that demands a higher rate of pressing E than I seem to be able to muster.GG, can't beat quicktime event and can't go around it."
76561198128912943,Not Recommended,289650,12987317,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,King willie,"I have a decent enough computer that can run chivalry and planet side 2 on max settings and get 60 fps. i wasent hoping to get good graphics when i got this game, i dont cair if i had to play on low, but this game looked amazing and i had to get it. and when i did i was so disapointed. The game lags like a ♥♥♥♥♥ on lowest settings, and its not that my computer cant run it. it totaly can. i get about 10 fps playing normaly. but when i go into egal vision for whatever reason it gives me 30 fps. and that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off becuase i know my computer can run it but ubisoft seems to be helbent on geting the worst game studio award. My suguestion, unless you have a beast of a PC and i mean like a monster pc do not get this game untell the fix their ♥♥♥♥ upsx."
76561198091353121,Not Recommended,289650,13024477,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,LuxCapere,"Apparently, Assassin's Creed was suppossed to have ended at AC3. After that, the story, conspiracies, and well anything at all interesting or unique that made this game stand out was thrown out the window.  I didn't buy Black Flag once I had heard it was going to be about pirates and have nothing to do with the actual AC backstory or universe practically for that matter; I am unsure what compelled me to try Unity. I guess I thought the return to an urban setting would mean AC would be back on track. AC Unity just goes further and further of track. There is absolutely nothing about this game that is relevant to Assassins Creed when it comes to the detailed immersion in the brotherhood you have had before in past games, and their struggle/plight. ACU is just way, way, way to watered down to be appealing to long time fans.The only accomplishment this game can attempt to claim is the super detailed and stunningly visual game world that IS better than any other AC ever. But it is totally glitched to hell, constantly repetitive in terms of side quests, random events you come across while roaming, and even the npc types and the interactions they have with each other.  And there aren't even shops anymore in the game. Only one hub to get ammo and gear from, which is either the assassins vendor in your HQ or the start button. YES, you can just click start and get what ever consumables you need. There is truelly no point to actually exploring and getting immersed in the game world, like in AC II for example.I kept playing the game till I got about a quarter of the way through the story. I kept believing that I would end up playing a mission where my hopes would be revived and I would find a well designed level that was challenging and made me fell like a badass assassin again. Things only got worse, and worse, and worse as time went on. Eventually I found myself on a level where you had to listen in on and follow a target as they made their way through a mansion where there were just hordes of enemies crammed into each floor, just standing around. They didn't even have meanigful or well thought out patrol patterns. One cluster of three enemies walked infinitely around in a ten foot circle next to a flight of stairs. Unbelievable.I  eliminated all of the outside guards before going in side, which was a breeze as enemies literally can not see what is happening directly in front of them if they are more than fifteen feet away, rooftop guards are especially like this. Once inside I was spotted quickly due to the cover system not allowing you to snap around corners, and then eliminated ten guards on the first floor, making loads and loads of noise in the process, there were even gunshots, and still I did not fail the mission or get penalized. I mean, the guards on the floor above which I could see with eagle vision were not even alerted. AT ALL.Once I finished the mission, I exited the game and have not played it since. There was no point to. The only fun and somehwat enjoyable part of the game for me, going around the city clubbing random enemies over the head with my sharpshooter's musket, got boring fairly quickly. And that mansion mission was the last straw. There needs to be a ""Lemon Law"" for games, because ACU is just blatantly broken and unfinished. It is to the point that it is unplayable."
76561198050021269,Recommended,289650,16693758,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,lunarvida,"THE BAD -First off everything bad you've heard about this port is probably true; it glitches, crashes, even at highest ultra settings the textures screw up, and a lot of little things that made the world more engagin were left out, worst of all you can no longer pet dogs ;_;THE GOOD -Besides all that though the game is really fun and the side quests give you a decent amount of time and interesting content making you solve puzzles, crimes, or good old fashion steal and kills. The story this time around is unique too; without giving too much away lets just say you may enjoy the new take on templar/assassin relations. The new weapons are okay, not really anything ""new"" but having a choice about how you equip you character can let you make a tank for one mission and a stealth killer for another pretty easily with the right amount of coin. The co-op missions are great fun too, you can even play them solo if you feel like you can't handle it (if your a collector than you most likely will end up doing this if you don't have a crew) or jump on with random ppl and torch a mission together; Honestly I had so much fun with the co-op I neglected the main story until I beat them all.Great game, even with its issues."
,Recommended,289650,29272223,Posted: 15 January,all,Whiterun Guard,"My first AC game I bought XDIts gameplay really cool, i don't really know why many people really hate this series so badWell, i still found some gameplay glitches but for me that still harmless, its multiplayer feature doesnt really bad either.For the storyline, for me, itn't as good as AC Rogue, and even the older AC series.But Napoleon looks cool here XDI enjoyed this one so far"
76561198014635560,Not Recommended,289650,12931062,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Articuss,"This game really is♥♥♥♥♥♥You cannot grab enemies, you cannot pickpocket, you cannot fight without the camera acting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.You cannot open numerous chests without 'not' playing the game.  Ubisoft has even added a cash shop to the game.What is this?  F&$#ing Neverwinter?Do not buy this game unless you are a masochist.  Aside from the abysmal 'optmization' of this game, the general gameplay is greatly bereft of the various improvements from earlier entries to the series.  In turn, this game is instead loaded with many of the failings of the prior entries.This game is a waste of $60.00.  If I could go back in time knowing and having experienced this game as I have now, I would be reluctant to pay $20.00 for the game granted its current state.Optimization will come with time.  That is the least of my gripes.  The blatant absence of features like grabbing enemies, human shields, and pickpocketing irritates the s*#% out of me!!It had such potential, but Ubisoft done f&#%ed that up.  I really hate that I don't like this game.  There is clearly a great amount of effort and work that went into it, but there is just such a blatant lack of progress in this entry that I'm not sure I'll ever buy another Ubisoft game again.  The heists that I played are great, and repeatable! Alas, too many failings and omissions have ruined this game at present.  Who the hell made these decisions?  Amancio?"
,Recommended,289650,35235598,Posted: 26 September,all,HalfNatty,"For $10 (sale right now) it's definitely worth it if you enjoy good graphics and decent story. I ignored all the Ubisoft BS collectible stuff and just did the main story missions. I'm not an AC fan at all but the setting, story, and combat was okay."
76561198055650144,Not Recommended,289650,12919708,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,gud stauf,This game is awful. The PC version is defiantly not worth the $70 CAD. I have a computer that meets all the specs recomended by Ubisoft for this game and I hardly cap 30 frames. I would not buy this game if you were thinking about it. There are many other game developers that still care about their customers who deserve it more than Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,289650,12918402,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,"French Dip, Hold the Fries","When I was younger, we judged games based off of their state upon release because we didn't have the capability of downloading bug fixes and patches at the time. If this were released then, Ubisoft would be called out just as they should be now. Their heads deserve to be placed on the chopping block (pun intended).Glitches: I beat the game on the first day, and I honestly have no idea how. I'm running on a Nvidia GTX Titan Z with 4.3 GHz processing power, and it still had FPS issues for me. Multiplayer is not existant, I fell through the ground numerous times, crucial NPCs in froze and I had to restart entire missions because I could not interact with them, I was shot through roofs and once up to through THREE buildings, thrown off buildings across half the map for trying to jump from building to building, died randomly despite me not being in combat or wanted, seen through walls or through buildings, and more.The Story: From the beginning, I knew what was going to happen and who was a friend/foe. It was very predictable in many ways, and presents nothing more than a cliche revenge tale. Elise was frustrating for her ignorance in her relationship with Arno, and seemed very forced when the ""climax"" to their love story unfolded. There wasn't really any need for us to grow connected to the charachters presented in Unity's main story missions. I did enjoy Arno because, despite his lack of intrigue, he was definitely one of the more charming of the assassin's presented to us in the series. It's a shame that he wasn't more fleshed out. For instance, his learning of the Assassin's and his becoming one himself was almost as silly as AC4 - you meet a man, and boom! Welcome! It's just silly. It's definitely one of the weakest in the franchise for its glossed over storyline, and has a lot of plotholes that were never really adressed. Every sequence consists of two or three missions - usually consisting of you running to certain locations for a quick and meaningless assassination. It's a very short story.The Time Travel Missions: I felt that these were really out of place, and unneeded. I know that many wanted an appearance from Lady Liberty and the Eiffel Tower, but these three sequences were just unusual and seemed more fit for DLC content. The segment where Arno is transported to WWII Paris and must climb the Eiffel Tower is probably the most out of place and rushed section of all of these. In every time travel mission, you interact with numerous NPCs who appear as sillhouetts (similar to those one finds in AC2 and beyond). They are there to show a glimpse of what was, but you do not have any ability to interact with them because you'd be changing events in history. I get that! What's a major problem as far as continuity goes is what happens on the Eiffel Tower - you shoot planes in a turret section that are firing right back at you. So, are the piolots and planes time travellers as well, or do they see Arno climbing? But what about the other NPCs who don't appear to acknowledge Arno at all? Are the pilots just shooting at the tower as target practice, and our protagonist is merely in the wrong place at the wrong time? Another segment finds you running through fields avoiding falling rocks from explosions. Each mission can be completed in about a minute.Other Cons: I feel like, as a way to stay ""innovative,"" Ubisoft forced changes in areas that previously shined. While I can agree that the ""counter to win"" strategy of years' past was a bit too easy, the new Parry System is quite unfair. You hit parry as a meter above an enemy flashes to yellow. The problems arise when fighting any more than one enemy at a time because when a characte is off-screen, no indicator is given to alert players to an impending strike. With how agressive and over powered new enemies are, not being able to protect yourself is really frustrating and will probably kill you within two or three hits (even with upgraded armor). Every guard also carries a rifle or pistol as well, so escape is virtually impossible to achieve with full health. Every single time I was about to make a turn, they would strike then. It felt really cheap to run down the legth of an entire street only to dart right or left through a window and get instantly killed by a lone gunshot. I managed to upgrade my health to the point where it took two shots to take me down, but it's still very frustrating. When you get killed after an assassination, you must re-watch the entie cutscene again - VERY annoying not being able to skip them like any other cutscene in the game. The jumps that Arno makes are beyond humanly possible, as well. I understand that Ubisoft wishes to release a game with fluid movements that get a character around fairly quickly, but Arno shouldn't be able to jump across entire streets from a mere standing position. When shot while climbing a building, you cannot grab back on. More often than not, it wasn't the shot that killed me - it was the fall.Pros: The new downward parkour mechanics are fun, though a little odd at points. It takes some real work to understand how to work it and not get stuck on some random area of a building. It's fast, fluid, and entertaining at points watching him climb down Paris' largest churches and cathedrals. The entire city is absolutely stunning, cutscenes fairly fluid (exluding the future portions where FPS tanked), and animaions are all pretty smooth for the most part. Ubisoft truly shines in terms of graphics with Asassin's Creed: Unity. And as I said before - Arno is pretty charming. He's not overbearing, and not too sexual in nature. It's entertaining watching his story unfold.Overall, the game at launch was what I played through. I can not recommend the game by any means in its current stage. It's a true shame, Ubisoft, that you have yet to learn of mistakes from past games (most recently Watch_Dogs). It feels like I had a big middle finger shoved in my face, and am told to suck it up and wait to give them more money upon next year's release. What have we come to when we have to expect broken games upon purchase? Ubisoft deserves every semblance of flack for what they put forward in this state."
76561198037620969,Not Recommended,289650,12895396,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dedish,Coming in just under the recomended Requirements I've encountered these problems:Random game crashesFPS drops.Controls responding poorlyJumping and getting stuck in wallsLag after using fast travel.My recomendation... wait till they issues some patches.
,Not Recommended,289650,12921338,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Optimist,"This game is the buggiest game i have ever tryed. (and I play alot of Alpha games)The meny is all white, and its impossible to see what buttons to press, and i have no chanse for changing any settings.Please do not support this!!  This is for your own best,I would assasinate the creator of this game!!Please give me my money back!"
,Not Recommended,289650,12921182,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,j0esj0es20,"Poorly optimized and glitchy. Also in the menu instead of having a section for the actual game and then the DLC, the main game is thrown into a big list along with all future DLC they plan to release. Straight off the bat, it feels like you aren't getting what you paid for.Putting aside the big problem with MACROtransactions, Ubisoft has failed to deliver a fully functional game. Take all the time you want. Delay the release date if you have to. All of that would have been fine. Just seems like you tried to build a brick house with raw clay because you didn't have the time to make bricks. A company that releases AAA games does not get to have the excuse of ""not enough time"".Edit: After updates and completion of the game. I'm going to add onto this review. Currently, the biggest problem you will run into are the crashes. This might be a special case, but for me the game will crash every hour or so. Though the game saves every damn second, so it's not the end of the world. Multiplayer is fun and the customization is a great feature that gives the game a lot more longevity and replayability."
,Recommended,289650,32323566,Posted: 10 June,all,Mehrshad,Good storyVery good coopAnd big mapThanks ubisoft
76561198019492844,Not Recommended,289650,12988612,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Le Zeff,"Probs one of the worst games when it comes to FPS stutter and Bugs. Every Co - Op Mission i get stuck in a bug and have to quit the mission.... Worst game iv bought on steam... Dont buy it, save the frustration!"
76561198071765083,Not Recommended,289650,14073836,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,K-Dawg,"After 5 patches  and their 'commitment to fix performance issues' I've finally bought it, and guess what? I cannot f-ing play it because of its prformance although my specs are above recommended. Not even on lowest quality. I am NOT recommending and will stop paying Ubisoft a single penny from now on."
76561198028301180,Not Recommended,289650,15868139,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,HowlingSiren,"Huge fan of Black Flag, enjoyed Rogue as well (I like big boats, I cannot lie). But I cannot recommend this one, mainly because it is a laggy mess on a high end PC with GTX970. Paris is beautiful, and filled with an incredible amount of NPCs, but I would happily have sacrificed half those moving, talking NPCs for the sake of performance.Also, there is such a thing as too many chests/collectibles. I understand these are optional but Ubisoft, which of you played through what feels like thousands of collectibles and thought it was fun?!  And the locked chests... Bad enough that you waste time to reach chests, only to find you can't unlock many, many of them until you complete sequence 9 of 13.All in all, Unity is an exercise in frustration.There are some notable improvements though which are worth listing:- Stealth is better, you can crouch!- Customization- Harder combat- Side quests are mostly fun, enjoyed the murder investigations in particular"
76561198134487665,Recommended,289650,23257283,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,RickMyBalls,Parkour system is better than Syndicate
76561197970541127,Not Recommended,289650,12906662,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Kellis,"I am disappoint.The three Assassin's Creed II games were some of my favorites, ever, and Black Flag was well done and enjoyable, as well.  III had a cardboard cutout for a hero, but had some interesting ideas, and was at least technically well done.V?  Technically, it's a steaming pile of...well.  My rig is a little behind the times, now, but still above recommended spec.  Despite that, the flickering, graphical glitches, and stuttering make the game unplayable.  I can only hope that a patch will eventually be released that fixes this debacle.That'll teach me to not wait until after release for reviews.  :("
,Not Recommended,289650,12918481,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Clipper,"Assassin's Creed is one of my most favorite franchises ever, but this game is boring as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198044435876,Not Recommended,289650,13535121,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Shrugz,Give me my money back. This game is that worst thing I've seen in a long time and it hurts me to say this but... GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF ubisoft
,Not Recommended,289650,13456696,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,serialthrilla336,"Had this game over a month now (pre-ordered) and wish I hadn't.  4 updates from Ubisoft now and the game is still mostly unplayable on my PC.  I have SLI GTX970 graphics cards for crying out loud.  With one of those Graphics cards I got Far Cry 4 for free, and that game runs absolutely beautifully!!  Perhaps the AC team should take a few notes from the FC team.At this point I""m only 30% through the game and refuse to play it until they get the graphics working better."
76561197994579451,Not Recommended,289650,12933622,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,[|LoRdAsRiEl]=>,Until this is fixed this game is simply not playable. I run a very decent rig and get framerates in the 30ies ... I spent more time trying to find a setting which would allow me to play this broken piece of [...] than actually playing. Do not buy this until some serious patching has been done.
76561198076436786,Not Recommended,289650,13458817,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DaFyish,This game has sooooo many bugs. It has gotten to the point where i cant even launch the game. Even though there are bugs the core game is great.
,Not Recommended,289650,13040806,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,meene,"FXXK IT CRASHES ACCIDENTLY AND THEN I LOST ALL MY SAVES!!!!!!!!!!!!0/10 FXXK UBI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!---------------------------------------------Edit:And now i finished it and im very disappointed,the worst one in the series(i never played AC1 so that one excluded)+Beautiful landscape+Awesome music+Coop quests+Detection quests-I really didnt hear even once the assassin's creed""nothing is true,everything is{LINK REMOVED}permitted"",wtf?!Isntthat should be the theme of the entire series?Instead heard more than 10times of templar's.-Too short single campaign,i think you could even make it in 4hours if regardless of minor quests.This is unacceptable,the story is the soul of AC series however this game makes it nothing,and when i finished i know:oh this is only a revenge,and not that intense.-Worst control experience of all series.At first i like it because seems i can easily climb higher than before,but soon i get crazy because it gets very hard to do what i want,cant even jump back from the wall to the opposite,so i have to climb to the rooftops or drop on the ground,in this game house are almost have 3 floors,im too tired,really.-Worst stealth experience of all series.I didnt make a single mission undetected,oh except the one in chapter 11 or 10(that mission has a minor quest to do),there are always a bunch of fxxking snipers who are sensitive as you,and always 50+ guards,watching everywhere inside and even outside of the area,yeah and ofc they are strong,so many guys die again and again when they start to play coop quests(i got a 2star guy play a 3star mission,he was running,full health,and a sniper says""you are mine"",and bong!he died directly.)At first i tried to use guise however this skill's cd is too long and if you kill someone it becomes invaild,so i just buy a good weapon and jump into the trouble and kill everyone,that is more efficient and take less time.-Due to the lack of the story,napoleon,other 2 master assassins in the brotherhood and many others have nothing to do with the game,all they do are only several speaks,the entire game is like this:i kill one guy and oh i know some of his memory,in the memory another guy appears and then i kill him and then the next.-Ridiculous puzzles,i cant even make a single one except coincidence,wanna me use eagle eye in entire paris?-After the game i dont get any impressive feelings,maybe $30, far away from $60My opinion: 2/10 or 3/10 or 4/10,idk,they are the same.This game even shouldnt be called""Assassin's Creed"""
76561198091245840,Recommended,289650,15751018,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Casual,"I got this game way after it came out so i don't know about all this bug stuff because ive had none, so i guess that's fixed, it runs perfect with everything on ultra and it's just beautiful. So far this game has just been perfect, Everything is more challenging, No more taking on 15 guys at once, you will be overwhelmed. It forces you to use stratagy and teamwork, I see allot of bad reviews but i think it's just people playing the game wrong, They are used to being an unstoppable one man army, Because honestly in the earlier games it was insainly easy, you can insta-kill anybody without being touched even bullets barely did damage, The earlier games were still amazing though my favorites being the first assassin's creed, and black flag.  Im not really into microtransactions, to me thats more like for free to play games. But i also don't see anywhere where it forces you to buy anything, Everything ive seen so far can be bought with game money but if you don't want to wait you can basicly cheat and buy it with real money like an impatient rich person, so you can only be mad at yourself if you spend more money. But anyways.. co-op, my internet is horrid it's dsl, kinda feels like dial-up and somehow i was still able to play with 3 other players with no problems, so i think that's amazing. Some people have a problem with the uplay launcher, in my opinion it's not a problem, rockstar does the same thing with their social club, it's just a social thing, there is DRM but i can play it without internet all i want it seems, just says uplay can't connect right now... But anyways the story is amazing cut scenes are put in seamlessly. I love the main character, i loved all the main characters in all the games, Animations are perfectly fluid, my mind is blown by how many npc's there can be on screen with no lag at all, i mean.. wut? Facial animations are like L.A.noir's enough said. Combat is more complex/challenging, seems to have to do allot with timing and not letting yourself get surrounded in other words you can't just take on everyone with ease, ive died allot lot lot in this game and it has never stopped being fun and it does real good with checkpoints. I love the player customizations, and choosing a main weapon, basicly your class. The game rewards you for everything even if it's a small reward, i don't know what else to say, im upset this got so many bad reviews, The only real place i see ubisoft messed up is with performance, the minimum requirements are the highest ive seen so far with a game, not a whole lot of people have a rig with that power, and i guess they had bug issues, but i mean you can only be mad at yourself if you saw the requirments and bought the game without meeting them, this game is a monster but it's worth it."
,Not Recommended,289650,12993674,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,HEATHEN,"Wow This Game I Mostly Played On PC And I've Waited For Long Time For This Game To Come Buyed With All My Savings And This Is What the Gave Me Crashes And Low Framerate Per Second,This Is The Worst Game Ever Never Buy Games For Ubisoft AgainNEVER BUY IT AGAIN"
,Recommended,289650,34221453,Posted: 13 August,all,мαєsτRo,"Despite all the complaints, i found the game very enjoyable.. Sure there are several bugs, but as an AC fan who was there from Altair's time i love the series enough to look past small bugs that doesn't affect the gameplay experience too much."
76561197960558036,Not Recommended,289650,12974565,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bog,Cant even get past the start screen without it crashing11/10 would sit there hitting Ctrl Alt Delete again
,Not Recommended,289650,13279876,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Rick,"Even in the lowest settings, the game has such a low frame rate, that it's just unplayeable. I've seen games with better graphics that are ""light"" to my PC, in comparison with this game. For a long time I'ce been waiting for an Assassin's Creed in the french revolution. But now I'm fustrated. If Ubisoft doesn't add new patches, so I can play the game, even in the lowest settings, I will want my money back."
76561198070220354,Recommended,289650,16506740,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Belal,"Great game, I had heard it was buggy and choppy gameplay, with framerate issues, but I feel these problems must have been fixed because I have experienced none of these.  I highly recommend the game, especially if your an AC fan.  The gameplay is excellent, I like the gearing system, huge enviroment to roam in, and best of all FINALLY full on Co-op.  Not only multiplayer missions 2-4 people (random queue available), but you can also invite your friends directly into your game."
,Not Recommended,289650,12948536,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,🌸Bulletz4Life🌸,alot of fps lags and bugs you cant walk 5sec without crashing into a wall or falling down from the mapUbisoft published an undone game they let us play it before they finished itas an assassins creed game series fan i dont recomend this game after the ac bf succes i though it might be even betterthan black flag waiting to see how rogue will be running on pc but im done paying for assassin's creed game after that
,Not Recommended,289650,14030121,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Zebz_Fish,"REVIEW MADE IN 2015 OPINIONS MAY VARYDo you want the honest opinion about Assassin's creed Unity from a diehard fan of the AC franchise? Well, sit back, cause this is gonna be one hell of a ride.Lets talk about the hype... When Unity was annonced back in summer of 2014 i was excited. ""an AC game whitout any stupid ship gameplay? ill love it :D"" and then it begun. Me and the rest of the community started hyping up the game and thats a bad thing since the game developers has trouble delivering and we shouldent expect this much from ubisoft anyway. So the hype basically destroyed unity... but more on that later, lets talk about the game.StoryAssassin's creed Unity takes place druing the french revulution. In the present, the modern assassins are racing against the Templars to find, shortend down, a soon-to-be animus test subject with a extra amount of memories about his ancestors. If the templars find him first, they will be able to locate a large amount of information about "" the first civilization"" and find more pieces of eden. The assassin's ofcourse wont let this happen and decides to send multiple assassins into the animuses in order to find information about the soon-to-be test subject before the templars can. We take control of a nameless/faceless Assassins that inturn takes controll of the soon-to-be Assassins Arno Dorian. We follow Arno from a child, to a young adult and finally a full grown Adult, where the assassin part kicks of. whitout spoiling anything, Arno eventully runs into the test subjects ancestor and proceds to find him in the present time.But thats just the icing of the cake, theres a lot more going on in paris with tones of side quests witch mixes in a bunch of famous and historical characters that Arno helps out in various ways.GraphicsAs a next gen title the game looks pretty..that means if you actully manage to play on anything over medium quality.. Thats the real problem with Unity, its choppy framerate. Even though i might suffer from the occasionally freeze of fps drop when i enter a new area or a new quest loads up, it docent even come close to what ive seen some people, with far better computers than i have, run into. Some people cant even play the game on low quality, and cutscenes cant even be watched for some of them. Lets go over what we know.Im fully capable of playing the game on high quality, but i stick to medium since i dont really care about the graphics. Like i mentioned before, the cutscenes run smoothly and nice for me and rare frame drops and freezes happen occasionally but my computer is kinda slow, so its expected. overall, it runs smoothly for me and i dont have any major problems.JESUS CHRIST! Some people cant even play the game because of the constant drops in frame rate, freezes and overall  choppyness. Turning around barely renders and actions takes point to registrer.Yeah, its that bad!! I used to consider my self lucky that i my game only freezed about 3 times per session, but now i think that my game is some kind of god sent gift considering some people crash, freeze or drop 50 frames per minute!!The pc realese has recived multiple optimizations but i cant tell the diffrence, i hope ubisoft decides to fix the graphics at some point.GameplayActully, this is the games strong point. There are many sidequests and constant events in the streets around paris, multiple chests that can be approached diffrently and collectibles spread throughout the city, ready to be collected!!  So you definitely wont be bored while your roaming the city. Unity also decides to step back to the days of AC Revulations by having alot of weapons, armors and skills! You can earn money but investing in buldings, loot it or steal it. The parkour system has also been simplified, as you can control your way through the city much easier. By holding down the UP button while free-running, Arno will jump higher of climb buildings faster, and by holding the DOWN button, Arno will decend buildings more quickly, jump downwards while freeruning on buildings or more quickly move past small obstacels. If neither of these arnt your cup of tea, you can simply hold down the sprint button and Arno will perform either UP or DOWN as he see fits. Although this makes free running look cooler and easier to perform, its kind of unnecessary. You will also recive money from quests and community events. Thankfully there isent a ""level"" requirement to buy or equip the weapons, you simply have to buy them and equip them. Unity also introduces the phantom blade, witch replaces the knife, hidden gun and crossbow. it has its own small arrows and berserker darts, witch makes a return in this game. Unity also has diffrent classes that you can play in order to findout witch playstyle fits you the most.Combat- More challenging than in other AC games, in this one you cant just counter and kill everybody in a giant chain, as you actually need skill and you need to be on the lookout for heavy swingers and marksman that can interrupt your combos. This playstyle is simple in the beginning but picks up in difficulty later in the game.Stealth- Yeah, this game actully gives out Assassin a chance to hide. You can crouch behind object and hide behind corners. Sneak around, distreacting targets to sneak past them and lockpicking doors. This playstyle is more difficult to master, since you always have to be alert and your rear and minimap and make effective use of the eagle sense. You can thow smoke bombs and cherry bombs to make distractions to either assassinate a target or sneak past them. Using the phantom blade's effectively takes practise and you always have to have a plan B, in case you get discovered.Marksman/Sniper- Definitely the easiest class to master, the Marksman/Sniper favours Guns and the phantom blade over pure combat strength. This class is all about staying out of combat and being support for other Assassins, however if you play by yourself, this class can be quite tricky to main, since you need to stay out of sight more often.So with some selection in the mix, this game surely mixes it up, however, this classes are simply subclasses, and they all go through the same quests and story. no diffrence. You may have noticed how i mentioned "" however if you play by your self"" before. Thats because Unity has the heaviest emphasis on Co-op than any other AC unity game. You nee to join a club in order to 100% the game, certian, bigger, harder missions require help from other assassins, witch can become annoying after a while, thankfully, there is still the singel player story HOWEVER, its incredibly short. So if your planning to get this game, make sure you have some freinds to play with, otherwise you might sit there and not be able to finish certain missons.CONCLUSSIONSo its obvious that i like the game, but can i recommend this to you? or can i recommend this to someone who has never played an AC game before?... well short and simple... No. I wouldent be able to reccomend this game to, well, anyone and still feel good about my self. This game, although it looks good, for some lucky people, and plays good, if you like constanly getting pepered about club compition and boosts, it still falls short compered to other games. Although ive always liked AC and gladly thrown my money at them, they really disappointed me with Unity. The lacking story, the cliche ending, the AI isent very good, the lacking single player story and MICROTRANSACTIONS?! No. dont buy this peice of money grab. and dont make this your first AC game, buy AC2 in that case. But, if i cant convince you, please approch this game with cation.... This is certainly the last game i preorder from Ubisoft. And dont trust Uplay. As of today, im not gonna recommend this to my freinds. As a hardcore fan of AC, this game fell down under the hype and just became a short, money grabbing side project..And remember guys, Udontplay. Ubisoft plays YOU. And thanks for reading."
76561198071335388,Not Recommended,289650,12922508,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,TANK,THIS GAME COST ME MORE THAN 70 DOLLARS AS I PREORDERED IT AND IT GAVE ME SO MANY PROBLEMS!!!! NOT ONLY DID IT TAKE HOURS TO OPEN FOR SOME REASON IT ALSO CRASHED MY COMPUTER AFTER 20 SEC. I WILL NEVER EVER EVER BUY A GAME FROM UBISOFT EVER AGAIN AND HOPE YOU GUYS GO BANKRUPT!!! I DO NOT RECOMMEND EVER BUYING THIS GAME EVEN IF ITS FOR SALE FOR 1 DOLLAR!!
,Not Recommended,289650,12927054,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Finn,"Lags, bugs... not playable >:("
76561198067841081,Not Recommended,289650,12907966,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,IRREV,well it is a good game but i am wondering myself when does it is going to go out of beta Version. the amount of bugs is just too dam high!!!over 9000 and♥♥♥♥♥♥D:
,Not Recommended,289650,13167211,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Saviik,"This game is entirely unplayable. It's broken all to hell, and the lag is terrible, no matter what graphics settings you have. I've tried and tried to play it, but when your game skips every few seconds, it becomes pretty impossible to play. I've been a huge fan of the Assassin's Creed francise, but I simply can't recommend this game in its broken state. More patches are severely needed.EDIT: So Patch 4 released the other day. Downloaded it, just attempted to play, and it has changed nothing whatsoever. Well, except for one thing. That'd be the fact that I crashed about 20 seconds into the game, which wasn't an issue before Patch 4 released.Picture relatedhttp://i.imgur.com/bzlbXNX.pngI don't know where Ubisoft went wrong with this game, but they are messing up at every turn."
,Not Recommended,289650,12938584,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,DarwinAward,"the game is broken and doesn't work properly, if even at all"
76561198038295368,Not Recommended,289650,12932880,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Grim's Legion,"So I have been a big fan of assassins creed since the AC2. AC1 was, in my opinion, fun but awful at the same time. AC2 was 30x better and all the following the same, exellent story and gameplay. That is until now, its seems they fell between the cracks of AC1 & AC2, making it only 15x better then AC1 if you will. The story, which is usually pretty creative and interesting, falls short and is very dull. On top of that they removed alot of features i enjoined. For example, combat with your hands, fighting with a variety of weapons sword to heavy/long weapon the pistols, fight with the wrist blades, which now can only be used when undetected. On top of that, your choice of weapons are, Sword & pistol or Heavy sword/Ax & pistol or Spear/Pike & Pistol or, last but not least, rifle ONLY. Im not going to touch on the variety of annoying gliches as they can/will be fixed. The COOP is a bit dull if you ask me. But to some it up, if your dead set on getting this game to, >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>WAIT TILL IT GOES ON SALE ITS NOT WORTH $60 <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<"
,Recommended,289650,16659698,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,trusstee,"When I bought this game it was set to Japanese. I requested a refund. I re purchased the game and it was in English. I finally play and am impressed to not have any framerate issues noted by the earlier reviews.I can reccomend this game if you meet the requirements listed above...Im using a desktop PC with ani7 4770k @3.5  even usage across the coresGTX 970     maintains a mid to high 70s fps sometimes more... no less than 59 in huge crowds8GB RAM8.1 ProPROSI am blown away by the facial animation.I prefer this games more fluid parkour system.The combat system is more challenging than previous gamesI'm wielding a Bident, but they have a ton of different weapons (too many to list)CONSThey keep stammering about the Animus in this oneThere are texture pop ins and sometimes whole people pop in"
76561198028730568,Recommended,289650,33137254,Posted: 2 July,all,Vecius de Valde,"This game is an interesting new perspective in the AC-Universe.For a appropriate evaluation its important to let oneself not be too influenced by the forerunner Black Flag and Rogoue, because the gameplay, environment, character development and story are worlds apart. This review will be long so consider you warned (When I say long, then I mean essay). For those reading to the end my thanks.For people expecting the large map resulting in massive freedom of places to go to from mentioned forerunnners will be certainly disillusioned. But its only to be expected. Paris is not the Caribbean neither the North-Atlantic. For reference its much more fruitful to remember AC II Brotherhood and Revelations. From there you can draw some parallels.First to the gameplay. Not rarely AC Unity is said to be utterly unplayable because of huge amount of bugs. Also disturbing for much seems to be a new type of parcour-movement. To the bugs I can just say I dont encounter them more often in the game than in other AC titles. The parcour is another thing. You will find it impossible to jump from to high places and at the start its annoying because of the regular use in earlier games, but soon one can adapt. The reason is, that in the mentioned forerunners, there is not so much of a huge population resulting in buildings beeing at time together but also quite often having gaps between them that make it impossible to continuously jump from one to another. In Unity the buildings are much closer. There is simply no reason to make risky jumps.The fighting situation has changed a lot also. The fighting abilities of groops of enimies is higher than before and its now not natural to just slaughter yourself through dozens of enimies without much of a damage to speak. Thats because now most of the unoccupied enemies dont just stand around and look their comrades die, but aim at you with their guns. EVERY man now have one, not just the higher ranked. While there isnt so much difference in using different weapons as before, there is a huge variety of usable weapons now, and because of speed/damage and other attributes the way of fighting efficiently with them also differ (Just forget about the handling of long weapons. NO ONE by sense would use them this way). Same for the armor. Sets specialized on distinct game styles make the creation of  ones character a step more individualistic.The graphic is a point of taste. Roughly speaking the quality concerning the detail has dropped. But what is used, creates a whole new atmosphere. Imagine yourself walking through one of those paintings of the Old Masters like Ruben or van Gogh. Sorry, but I really thought that when I first saw it myself. At first glance one might label it just a downgrade from before, but if you let yourself immerse in it, it gives of just the right mix of making the mud and blood much more gore and ugly and the facade lighten up by the sun just as marvelous as Paris can be.Character development dont just start and end with the choice of weapon as it was before. Aside the before mentioned armor sets you can/have to ""buy"" also various abilities with a own currency. You cant have them all from the beginning as they are unlocked as you play through the main story.  They further specialize your protagonist and holds the whole process of upgrading fun and worthwile over the time. For players trying to get and buy everything as soon as possible in the game it is an ideal setting. For those not containing to this groop there is the way of getting appropriate equipment by completing the missions at hand.At last there is the story. I try not to spoiler too much, but if you are highly sensible in this regard, I recommend you to skip this paragraph. As this is the last, at this point my thanks to you continuing until here. For the rest:The story, or rather the background of the actual storyline is a bit different from the ones before. In this game you have comparatively little connection to the whole ""forerunner-race""-thing. Its not completly absent but its also not on the level as it was in Rogue or Black Flag, more the less as in the ""original"" AC-series with Desmond. This is also the case for the Assassins and Templar. While they were before mysterious factions lurking in the shadows and waging a war that is just superficially scratching at the surface of history and creating a kind of bystander-perspective to the ""normal world"" (this doesnt include AC III as for some the american revolution is to heavy a topic to go by it as a ""bystander"") , in AC Unity you have Assassins more directivly active in the politics. Also the pattern of ""chosen"" protagonists that are from the beginning not your everyday assassin novice and strangely jump right into the stuff of master-assassin-caliber, dont dwindling in the ""basic"" stuff is not the one of Unity. You are not overly special (just a bit) and take also missions that are not the heroic kind of saving-the-world and/or destroying-the-whole-Templar-Order kind of thing. But as mentioned there is also no kind of enravel-the-puzzle-of-mankind.So this is the end, its long enough. If you even now dont know if to buy the game or not, then I also cant help anymore. Thanks for everyone who perservered to the end. I hope this is helpful for whoever wants whatever to do with it."
,Not Recommended,289650,12933109,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Gundar Thresh,"I can't play the game because of all the graphics issues. They need to be fixed ASAP. At this time I would not recommend buying this game.Keeping in mind that I do have the graphics issues, I can't judge the rest of the game because of extreme lag and just recently my character falling into nothingness when he was standing on solid ground the moment before.And yes, all my settings were on low."
76561198136094035,Not Recommended,289650,12973067,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,provi,"It's a decent game, but this taught me that under 18th century Paris there's a white abyss that goes on forever. Seems Legit. And the stealth is so bad I was planning to use it all game,but you can't even switch cover at all. How cr%&py is that! Honestly, I'd give it a three out of ten. If you are planning to buy this, just throw those 60 dollars in a fire and you'll get something better than this game."
,Not Recommended,289650,12914079,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Send Doods,Well I cant play for more than an hour at a time without it crashing. It also doesnt help that I'm bored out of my mind while playing. I have fallen through the ground 5 times. This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Ubisoft test your games before you release them!
76561198106270646,Recommended,289650,22523471,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Uxii,"I played this game when it was released on ps4 and I was amazed by how all the mechanics were changed, the combat was challenging again and the new free running was beautiful.The customization is another great addition to the game, you can just get the gear that suits your playstyle. And you can change it at almost any moment in the game.The story wasn't my favorite thing of the game at first, but that changed the second time I played through the game.The map is amazing, it is  very big and you can go and explore every single bit of it, including many interiors (not from special buildings, but interiors from normal houses).If you don't like the main missions, there are plenty of other things you can do (murder mysteries, assassin missions or just exploring the map). Another new thing that is added to the game, is the co-op gameplay. Not many people were fond of it, but with friends and good communication you can have a great time.That was the first time I played it. One year later I decided do play it again. This time on pc.At first I had some issues getting the game to finally work and not crash every 15 minutes. But when it worked I was amazed all over again, maybe even more than the first time. I like Unity over Syndicate to be honest, Syndicate doesn't feel as smooth as Unity feels. Unity feels unique when you play it, but Syndicate doesn't have that feeling.The thing Unity has, is the ability to hide your hud by pressing a button. I started this second playthrough and decided to play it without the HUD. And I must say it's even better than playing with the HUD on. I don't rely on my kinimap anymore, but on what I see and because I can't see my healthbar I have to be stealthy at all times and avoid conflict as much as possible. It makes the main missions way more intense and you get a nice satisfied feeling when you completed a mission without dying over and over again. For me it made me like the story better than my first playthrough. The other thing you have without the HUD is the beauty of the game, this game (all AC games have this to be honest) looks amazing, it's so cool to just walk the streets of Paris and enjoy the scenery.I know this game got some bad comments from people who didn't like the co-op and/or the story, but there's so much more than that to it than those two things. There's the new combat system, the new free running, character customisation, tons of side missions, a gigantic an beautiful city to explore and many more things that make this game amazing."
,Recommended,289650,34396473,Posted: 21 August,all,Nome :I,"Less buggy than when it came out, but it still has issues. Other than that, to me, it's the best one after the Ezio trilogy."
,Not Recommended,289650,12980240,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,chase001,This is the worst game I have ever purchased from Steam and the Assassin's Creed series continues to get worst with ever release. Absolutely terrible.
76561198119029583,Not Recommended,289650,13763815,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Daedric Dewi,Get Shadow of Mordor or something instead atleast then it will actually run.Seriously though dont get it there are more game breaking bugs than ive exeperianced in all other combined i really dont even think they tested before release.To summarise: Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥-1000000000000000000000000000/10
76561198125171238,Not Recommended,289650,12939044,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,YourMomIsMyWhoreJaJaJa,S.H.I.T.
76561198063230184,Recommended,289650,25041156,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,arun_jag,"I just finished the game after playing for almost 77 hours and its safe to say that this game is good. This game is not at all like the one I have been hearing since its disastarous launch. But there are pros and cons to this, so lets list them.Pros:+ Great Parkour mechanics with some good animations make it a bit fluid at times.+ Combat has been improved in the challenge aspect so dont think of playing god like in previous AC games.+ Great graphics makes the city of paris beautiful to look at both externally and internally.+ Great missions on both story and side activities. They offer a bit replay value.+ Assassinations missions are great as in they provide more oppurtunities.+ Stealth mechanics are great as well but challenging and there is no desync should you be detected.+ No desync even for Tailing missions.+ Loads of side activites and most of them are fun. Especially love the paris stories.Cons- Bugs are present but nothing game breaking- Some annoyances with the AI.- Co-op missions are frustrating if played alone.- Hate the british voice acting for french people which really irked me because of loss of authenticity.I would also like to add that the story is a mixed bag for me because it is mostly good but vexed me because of some unlikeable characters within the assassin order. Changed how the assasin order is represented (dont like the cult thing and the initiation that they have going along), no confession scenes and also f***ing british voice acting which doesnt belong in a french era. Here's to hoping that everyone doesnt sound british in a egyptian, japanese and indian setting in their next game.Anyway, I would rate this an 8/10 because I enjoyed playing this game and I liked playing it from start to finish."
,Not Recommended,289650,13769984,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,red_head55,"I can’t give this game a positive review.Pros-Great story lineFree runningCustomizationCons-Game crashesGame is poorly optimizedI didn’t list a lot for pros or cons but I feel like these what makes and breaks the game. But the cons don’t make the game fun at all. You could be in the middle of a mission and the game just freezes on you. That is really annoying. The optimization for this game is terrible because for the game to even look likes its running smooth I have to keep the camera facing the ground.I have been a long time assassin’s creed fan but after this game I don’t know if I want to buy anymore for how poorly this game was executed. If you really want to play this game, I would recommend not playing this game on PC."
76561198043327830,Not Recommended,289650,13467834,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,dandevyn,Bought ACU with all intentions of playing.. yet laughs on me it won't even play. I restarted my computer 6x's now and still won't launch it crashes everytime I try..Wasted money hopefully it will help front the pay for some real programs so that one day the product being sold will work as described.. Some really bored lawyers would love to get a hold of this issue..
76561198019090860,Recommended,289650,23175875,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,rsknight,"Recently this game was at a huge discount, so I thought why not? I've played all the previous games in the series. I admit I had low expectations, but this was a huge surprise! This has to be the best one so far (still haven't played AC Syndicate). Everything runs smooth like butter, with no glitches or bugs (I have an old i7-920, 12GB ram, GTX 970), great story, HUGE city to explore... it's just fantastic. Don't pay attention to the early reviews, this game is one of the best! And I still haven't had a single issue with Uplay with any Ubisoft game, I guess not everyone experience the problems that lot of people report about Uplay."
,Not Recommended,289650,12916161,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Donald J. Trump,"Assassin Creed is the number one fanchise in the world but we cant enjoy it with Unity like this. I cant even do my Let's Play with this kind of set up. Ubisoft, fix all the glitches please. and hurry"
76561198110873995,Not Recommended,289650,12914050,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,jordancraig16,why does this game continue to crash
,Not Recommended,289650,12917432,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Fantasia,FPS issues...
76561198001893242,Not Recommended,289650,12915168,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,MAGA MAN,Very laggy and glitchy. Multiplayer is unplayable in its current state and single player is very buggy along with continual drops in fps. If you want a new good game then get the new dragon age. Pass this one up until it's thoroughly patched.
,Not Recommended,289650,12889655,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,{D(.Y.)M}  ŦД☈₴ ™  ☚ˬ˯˯ˬ☛,This game is one of the worst optomized games ever made. It is unplayable for anyone who hasnt dumped 1000 dollars into there machine recently... Peice of crap.
,Not Recommended,289650,13485983,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,PoshAlligator,If you can get it to work then maybe.
,Not Recommended,289650,12933067,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jeanne d'Arc,what'ss ???? cant even open the game
,Not Recommended,289650,12927512,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Lightningスパーク⚡|•ㅅ•|⚡,"The game just isn't ready yetToo many bugs/glitches I can't even play the game anymore right nowIt was working perfectly fine yesterday now its constantly crashingThey still have not patched up ANYTHING yet when and claim its only AMD problem when its really just their whole game in general that needs helpIn terms of gameplay its pretty goodStory is GreatCo-op is Greatonly problem is that the game's graphical things are seemingly at a beta rather than full releaseNormally I'd recommend but with the state of the game as is, wait for a bit, then start playingUbisoft why do you continuously disappoint us"
76561198062265065,Not Recommended,289650,12924064,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Simon Ferocious,i can't start the game!
76561198117698831,Not Recommended,289650,12912657,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,jmck13,Spent $60 on this and it wont even let me past the opening movie.
,Not Recommended,289650,12916834,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,SIRHC,I do not recommend that you buy this at the moment.the port for pc is just terribleframerate for a midrange to high end pcs are even having trouble not going below 30fps
76561198151548808,Not Recommended,289650,12917358,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,KEVBOT3014,"I don't reccomend this game for the time being. (november 12th, 2014)-bad FPS even on the lowest graphics settings-abundunce of lagI am not mad at the game for these problems, but i would not get the game until these are fixed, i can understand how the game had these problems because it only was worked on for a year. I will enjoy this game when ubisoft can get these problems fixed. When the glitches are fixed, this game will get the love it rightfully should get. please dont dog ubisoft for unleashing the game with the state it is in. All companies make mistakes, this is one of ubisoft's mistakes."
76561198053145578,Not Recommended,289650,14558309,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Osprie,"WARNING: ANGRY RANTToo be honest Ubisoft has been burning the bridge for a while now. But now there is nothing left to burn. Microtransaction and companion apps to open chests ingame are immersion breaking. I with a 970 cant even run this game without turning down the graphics way down until the game looks like♥♥♥♥♥and yet still the game refuses to run for 10 min before it has some dumbass problem that kills the game.And that's not even mentioning the bugs and Glitches that you will stumble across within 10-20 min of gameplay, Ac unity in its current full released stage is more broken, buggy, glitchy than Star Citizen which is in its pre-aphla/aphla stage.Months after full release and Ubisoft is apparently trying to fix the game from crashing (so says the giatn headlines). This is ridiculous, i payed $50 (sympathy fro those who payed full price) for an unfinished game, im wouldnt be surprised if that the next Assasins Creed got no attention at all.The Combat, stealth and freerunning system are all pretty much the same with no fresh ideas, what Ubisoft has done is pick up everything from the trash can, put it in a new setting and pushed out a game that deserves nothing.-4/15 Would never reccomend this to anyone.P.S if your wondering y i have almost no hours is becasue i cant even run the game on mediuem/low for 10 min with my brand new computer GTX 970, 16GB rammUbisoft Rest in peppironies."
,Recommended,289650,16372147,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Rush,"This was honestly my favourite game for the lsat year. It had a cool story line, Arno was wicked and the game in general was fun to play. I met some great people playing this game, shared a few laughs and played the unique multiplayer. resently you made some changes to the game to help patch the game. I love the fact that you're trying to fix the game but now I'm unable to play this great game. Honestly I'd get a PC up grade for it and everything jus to see the game at maxed out and well be able to play the game beyond the now 10 FPS since the update. I use to be able to run this game at 30 frames at a decent setting with my Alienware 17 containing a 770m. Can you please do something so I can play this game again. I would really appreciate it. This game has truly made my year, from school projects, to hours of online gameplay which I spent with friends I met on here from across the globe."
76561198042052395,Not Recommended,289650,19279311,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Chemical Scum,"So, when I first played it, it was horribly bugged. Just... Bugged out of proportion. This is quite normal for game nowadays, they fix that in later patches. So I waited, and waited, and waited. Looking for the positive reviews, but they never really show. I thought welp - I own the game, might as well try it. During the first five minutes of play, I encountered two bugs. NPCs walking on top of one another, and trees floating above ground. Gritting my teeth, I played on, thinking I could look past these things. And to my surprise, I could indeed look past it.In spite of this, I had to uninstall. Just... Give up. Combat is horrible - every guard owns a gun, and every guard is a marksman. They have no problem unloading their guns in a crowd, nor do they miss someone running past them at a distance with people in between. Those are shots really good marksman have a hard time with, with a modern gun, and these guys are shooting ancient crap that has the same precision as say... Boomerangs. Only these ancient boomerang guns seem to be magical. I had no idea ubisoft implemented magical weapons. But there you go. If someone aims at me, I could do nothing about it. Oh yeah, the dodge feature, which instantly allows you to become a target for meleers while the marksman (perhaps) misses. Great, dodge the bullet, stabbed with the sword.Fine, fine... I thought. Perhaps I'm just bad at this. And after all, I am an assassin, not a knight or a samurai. I should be competent in melee, but not a superhero. I'll kill them in stealth instead. Only I can't because many enemies are also clairvoyant. It's my fault really, if they have magical guns then chances should be good that they're also wizards, who can instantly tell that their friends die even though their backs are turned and their friends make no sound as they die. Even around corners, if they're a pair walking down the street. So, stabbing is out of the question unless you stab all your enemies in the same moment.Again I thought; fine... Fine... Assassins are not mass killers. They don't take out several people. They're pinpoint killers, focusing on the one target they're supposed to hit then running for it. But again - running for it only works if your enemies doesn't have the time to draw their magical guns and firing through masses of people, hitting the one person who's running. Which they often do.I mean, I am not bad at these sort of games. I've played almost all other assassin creed games. From Altair, to Ezio, to Connor and Kenway. I never had any problems in any sort of combat, and I liked them all in varying degrees. But this game... Can't do it. Combat is out, stealth is out. What am I supposed to do? Petition a ban against magical guns? I know I haven't played the game that much, but that's not really a feature is it?In either case. Buy this if you're a huge fan, or if you just like wonky gameplay. Otherwise, don't bother.It's a polished turd. Great to look at, but not meant to be consumed."
,Not Recommended,289650,12922199,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,[MVG] Lunaticgrrg,"im abit torn on this game, the combat is laggy, alot of glitches, and anawkward coop system"
76561198077023301,Not Recommended,289650,12975504,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mytch,"My only advice is, turn off cloud saving. Lost 10 hrs of gameplay due to Ubisoft's inability to create a stable save system. Other than that, this game is relatively average in comparison to the rest of the series."
76561198069883340,Not Recommended,289650,12974783,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Darkwing Dork,"I really wanted to like this game. I REALLY DID, but everywhere I look I find things they screwed up on. The frame rate is awful (which makes picklocking much harder than it needs to be), I've gotten stuck in hay baskets, fallen into buildings or just through the ground altogether, and even lost items that I had already unlocked. In addition, there are chests everywhere you can't open unless you download their stupid app and play it a bunch (and the app is awful). THEN they also have in game currency that you can BUY with real money called Hack (up to $99 worth. Seriously?). And don't even get me started on Co-Op. Connection is terrible, host migration takes forever, and gameplay wise, it's difficult to properly communicate with teammates. You are limited to targeting something (mind, you can't REMOVE a target once you set one, so at some point there are just targets everywhere) and a ""Let's go"" command. I can't tell my teammates to throw a cherry bomb, or use their phantom blade, or tell person A to go there and person B to go somewhere else, or even tell them what I'M going to be doing. The whole thing just ends up being a big mess as you try to predict what your teammates are going to be doing. I honestly end up treating co-op missions like solo missions, paying little attention to what my teammates are doing and not working with them at all.As far as things the game does RIGHT, I can say that the story is...ALRIGHT. It's not fantastic but it's not bad either. I like the changes to combat. Instead of couter attacks you have parry, which will render the enemy defensless for a short period of time, rather than just instantly killing them as you string together counter attack after counter attack like pervious games. It goes really well with Co-op, because with 2-4 people you'd consider just charging into an army and taking them on. However, with combat more challenging (and guns nearly one shotting you with basic armor) it makes you think twice about your strategy. They brought back magic medicine which heals all your health at the push of a button which I actually don't like at all. I liked health rejen out of combat much better because then I could get in little fights all around town and if I got hit once or twice it didn't matter much. But now, I'd have to use medicine after every little fight to keep my health up. I also like the skill system. In co-op it lets each player bring somethign different to the table. One guy might have lots of health and melee skills, another might have ranged skills, and the last two have stealthy skills. It spices up the gameplay nicely. (ALSO I REALLY LIKE THAT YOU CAN HAVE A RIFLE AS A WEAPON. JUST FREAKING SMACK PEOPLE WITH A RIFLE. SWORDS? TOO EASY. BULLETS? THOSE ARE FOR SCRUBS. JUST BASH THEIR FACES IN WITH IT)Overall, I would NOT recommend this game at this point in time. MAYBE when they fix frame rate issues (I know I didn't talk about this a lot but believe me, IT'S A BIG ISSUE), and the various bugs the plague the game get sorted out my opinion might change. I realize the game hasn't been out long but that is NO excuse for all these issues. When you release something, it should be as perfect as possible. I understand they can't catch every little bug but this is just unexcusable."
,Not Recommended,289650,14643072,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,bleh ∨∧,"This game is like my childhood, I hated it"
,Not Recommended,289650,12975921,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,xtravar,"Ignoring the bugs, it's disappointingYou've probably heard about all of the DLC, tie-ins, and technical nonsense that has been plaguing the launch.  But even looking past those things, it's hard to find the silver lining here.For a series that is supposed to be about climbing, stealth, and combat, this latest installment of the series somehow made those things worse.  My strategy toward the end of the game was (1) run into middle of several guys, (2) spam attack, smokebomb, and health.They said they improved combat, but they made it worse.  Let me explain: once you've triggered combat, you can't do any low-profile things anymore until your alert is lowered.  So trying to easily perform an assassination when you aren't necessarily in the midst of combat is impossible.Due to the new death physics and fancy 'finishing' moves (why were these added?) you can't do a dang thing until that body hits the ground and stays there.Climbing is as awful as ever.  Here's the big, beautiful city of Paris, and here you are stuck to a wall unable to move like a freakin' idiot.  The whole accidental jumping thing doesn't happen anymore.  You just get stuck to the wall.  Let me tell you, when running from guards, I would prefer to take that leap of faith (no pun intended) than get shot at.The stealth hasn't advanced at all.  There's really no incentive to do it, because you can always kill everyone in every scene.  Unless it's a mission requirement or bonus achievement, there's no point to it.The side missions are boring.  There's nothing new and exciting to do, except for the mystery missions, which don't make a whole lot of sense and require a lot of running around.The modern day plot has been put on hold - you're just playin' a virtual reality game, getting tips from modern day assassin's.  There's no point to it.The actual (historical) plot's pacing is absolutely awful.  And there's not enough to make any sense of it.  It's a revenge story where you meet some historical characters in the process, but they never play any meaningful part.  The assassin's aren't the cornerstone of the story, or even the age-old Assassin v Templar narrative.  Even the main character doesn't play a meaningful part.  I barely cared until 20 hours in, where it finally took an interesting turn.The voice acting doesn't help.  The main dialog is all in British, while some conversations heard are in French.  The main dialog, strangely, still throws in French-isms like ""merci"".  If you played AC3, this game may trigger your PTSD.There is some time-travel fun to be had.  You climb the Eiffel tower during WW2, and go back to midieval times.  Unfortunately, these are short sequences and simply remind me of other, more fun games - The Saboteur and the original Assassin's Creed.Now, the less crappy stuff.The companion mobile app does not have an option to be played in-game like AC4.  I tried pulling out my phone.  It's annoying and not worth the effort.  Unfortunately, these locked blue chests in the game will taunt me forever.There are new missions that can only be played multiplayer and there are lockables that only unlock if you multiplayer.There are chests that only open if you have the other games.  I have the other games.  The chests did not open.  I presume that will be fixed.They let you 'hack' upgrades by paying real money.  Honestly, this doesn't bother me so much, except for the fact that I can't imagine anyone getting into this game enough to want to pay more for it.In summary, AC:Unity feels like a really bad indie game with huge budget.  The graphics are great!  There are tons of useless minigame-like things!  But where's the beef?  It feels like nobody is making sure the game is coherent as a whole.  Ubisoft has kind of cornered themselves here: they can't make a game this big as polished on a yearly release schedule as they did earlier games in the series, but if they make the game smaller or the release schedule longer, they face other consequences.In the future, Ubisoft needs to: (1) polish the core mechanics of the game, (2) pay for good writing, (3) put someone in charge of pacing.  If they can't fix these things, the series is going to fall apart and stop being a cash cow.Pros:* Another AC game!* Paris!  Graphics!Cons:* Everything.  This game died a death of a thousand needles."
,Not Recommended,289650,12928730,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,「ZGNIK」,if there would be a fix fore the game crashing 24-7  i woudl  vote yes but icant play 5 min with out crashing and i run all the other assasins creed max  settings no lagg
76561198124858335,Not Recommended,289650,12928016,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,mrklitler2u,"verrrrryyyyy buggy. keep getting ""ACU.EXE"" stopped working and then he game crashes.  nothing a couple of patches cant fix. hopefully that will be soon 3/10 until bugs are fixed"
76561198053126199,Not Recommended,289650,12930120,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Yuri,"I was so exited when i first saw the CGI trailer that I pre-ordered this game and as it is now it's not worth your money (it's actually disrespectful selling a product on it's current state). I totally agree with people saying that this microtransactions crack it up the game immersion, the performance on my amd's video card it's the worst and from what I'm reading so far it's not happening only with me, I would truly love if they took this microtransactions out of the game and having the option for save slots, so when (and if) they fix it i could have that experience promised to all of us."
,Recommended,289650,29431590,Posted: 22 January,all,Bubblegum Witch,"The number of noticeable bugs still in this game is appalling, but I honestly think that people got so caught up in the game being broken they missed that underneath that, Assassin's Creed Unity is a pretty great game, and it still holds up visually for the most part. I'm not sure if I'd want every AC game to have imitation Dark Souls combat, but it works well here and engaged me more than I've really gotten from combat in other Assassin's Creed games (even Syndicate, whose combat is smooth and flashy but shallow). They definitely could have cut down on the random 'Paris Stories' missions that are all incredibly basic time wasters and it's annoying how the game blocks upgrading your lockpick behind story progress, but I still quite like Assassin's Creed Unity. The spectacle of it is worth the price of admission."
,Not Recommended,289650,12915757,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Thunderkitty,"Broken game aside from the massive number of bugs from being dropped out of the world at random or  getting stuck in a closet because an NPC numped you inside. The game is riddle with micro-transaction ranging up to $99.00 USD just to unlock SINGLEPLAYER items. This game also requires the stupid unity App on your phone if you want the ""full"" experiance. In all I am happier with Watch Dogs because it doesn't run at 15 FPS and Watch Dogs isn't riddled with micro-transactions."
76561198147915590,Not Recommended,289650,12915498,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,fatty,"so here is my review it an okay game gameplay why but with a all the technical problems it just doesn't work i can't even load the game properly anymore it just won't work until they patch this stuff up  i would""t get this game"
,Not Recommended,289650,13795026,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,DarlingTerror,well......im disapointed as hell. how is it possible i set all graphics to low even and this game wont play! i was sooo excited to play it! Took a whole day to download... 40 bucks for nothing. *CRYING*  im sure its a fun game?? i would'nt know it wont even run. im so sad=-(
,Not Recommended,289650,13764935,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kidd,"I LOVED this game. I loved it to DEATH. I had legendary armour, completed the game, I had EVERYTHING. I do a side mission, game crashes twice and what do you know. IT DELETED MY GAME FOR ME. THANKS, I DIDN'T NEED IT. ♥♥♥♥ you Uplay.Edit: I found out that it deleted by Black Flag save file too, and I'm really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥now. Syndicate Hype, right guys? Can't wait for Syndicate ;)"
76561198022136193,Not Recommended,289650,12954859,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Shuuu tiddies,"This is literally one of the worst games i have ever played, and i consider myself a big Assassin's creed fan."
76561198050561018,Not Recommended,289650,12922361,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Hannibal Lecter,"I can't understand that. There are some areas in Paris and your fps can't go above 50 even if you have a beast gaming setup (i7 cpu gtx 780). I wonder what will happen if i change my settings to low and surprisingly nothing changed at all. I  set my resolution to the lowest and the same thing, nothing changes. This and all of these frame issues should be fixed.This is a good and also an enjoyable game but completely unplayable at this time. Hope it gets fixed soon..."
76561198009304547,Not Recommended,289650,12928764,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Duonightmare,"No, just no. For obvious reasons."
,Not Recommended,289650,12991359,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Flash,♥♥♥♥ing looked and looks so good the art and graphics are the best but the game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥the fps the static and the bugsi smashed my desk cuase i keep getting ♥♥♥♥ing bugs and dying
,Not Recommended,289650,13681053,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,jwjw7,"This game is heavily dependent on your graphics card. I have tried to play it will my Geforce Gtx 650 and i am getting around about 10 frames. However i bought it the day it released and i have ordered a gtx 980 4g gddr5, if the new card does not work i will be extremelly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ however i will make an edit when i get the new card. I have a feeling this game is just hasnt been optimized for PC at all. from what i have heard its got a good story and good game play but am only halfway through the first mission so i couldnt say more.EDIT: OK, so this game has good gameplay and a fairly decent storyline. It is, however, incredibly GPU dependent. Your processor matters very little ( as it does in most RPG, rather than strat games) The game is semi demanding even on my 980. I am getting about 48-60 frames depending on the environment (On ULTRA). I have seen the game pull 3.5 gigs at times out of the 4. The game freezes frequently (~2 times an hour) for about 4 seconds and then works well. The graphics themselves are stunning (as they should be) i feel this game is just very poorly optimized and was released way before it should have been. I feel if it had some good optimization it would be an overall 8 or if im generous 9 out of 10.Storyline: 7.5/10Combat: 10/10Optimization 2/10Customization system: 6/10Depth: 8/10Side missions: 9/10Graphics 10/10"
,Not Recommended,289650,13365470,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Petaholic,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. If you are expecting an Assasins Creed game that is actually good, and you can actually run... Leave this page now. This game is no where near complete... It looks like a better version of the first Theif game. The gameplay is horrible compared to Black Flag... This is by far the worst AC ever to be released... Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ed it up.. They legit ♥♥♥♥ed it up.. The music/voice acting is not good, the game on high looks like a potato... Don't even try Ultra or very high. I play every single game I have on ultra/highest and this game? dropped me down to a normal for a good 40 fps.... Ubisoft have legit ♥♥♥♥ed this up."
,Not Recommended,289650,13118085,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Acquire,"This is ridiculous.  I'm a fan of this series and have bought all the main releases on the PC.   I've been able to play all of them without much problems.  This game though is a completely broken mess. Performance is horrible. On dual 780 Tis in SLI the game stutters like crazy.  The latest patch, patch 3, has managed to make the stuttering even worse.  It was very annoying to play, now it pretty much is unplayable.    Please do not buy this game. Even if you've been a fan of the series. Ubisoft needs to stop releasing broken games.  Watch Dogs was never fixed on the PC and it honestly feels like this one may never be playable on the PC as well."
,Recommended,289650,31831305,Posted: 18 May,all,XxMEMELORDxX,"Honestly, one of my favourite Assassin's Creed.Rarely ran into issues thoughout the game and the story was fine. Game is receiving way more hate than it deserves.Going back to AC4/Rouge, AC Unity actually felt like an improvement to engine, graphics and free-running overall albeit needing tweeks still however especially optimisation for a majority of players.The only issue i had which many would agree is how they changed combat. It really made the game too difficult in some areas and clunky in others. Unlocking skills however was the worst part of this game.Looking forward to what Ubisoft will bring to AC Origins!"
,Recommended,289650,24250014,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Massacre,"About 95% of bugs have been fixed i just played it recently was not completely unplayable. The story is fine(though at times i do feel like they are milking to series a bit too much"" , still worth a play specially the co op missions. The graphics are good though hair textures are a bit meh! But as an assassin's creed fan can't stop following the series xD"
76561198205188776,Recommended,289650,24584905,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Mr.PotatoMan141,It GudBugs FixedFramerates are stable
76561198151398749,Recommended,289650,34074755,Posted: 6 August,all,Srav Pes,"I'll try to be as thorough as I can, because I was as confused as many of you might be: I purchased this game off steam, and with the full campaign behind me, along with 67 hours of gametime, I have experienced 0 bugs or glitches, as reported by many of the reviewers here.Now, to clarify, many of the bugs that originally made the game ""unplayable"" have probably been patched by now. And it could be due to the fact that I'm running the game on an Nvidia GTX 1080 Ti, along with 30GB of RAM, and an i7 (7700K) Processor. or I could have just lucked out and got a bugless copy.That being said, however, the game itself is stunning for a multitude of reasons:1) It is perhaps the most visually stunning Assassin's Creed game, along with Black Flag, and I found myself often times simply watching my character move and marvelling at the fluidity. I've been running the game at Max settings with a locked frame rate of 162.2) The story is genuinely engaging, and nails all elements of comedy, intrigue, adrenaline, and continuation of the Assassin's Creed storyline. Anyone who's been following game-to-game will enjoy the story.3) It introduces new mechanics that expand the playability and challenge veteran players. The combat, and stealth, this time around, seemed more challenging (requiring more focus)There's more, but honestly, it just feels great to play. That being said, all other reviewers have valid points, so to anyone considering buying this game, I would say it's a 50/50 shot and you should hope you're lucky like I was."
76561197984877212,Not Recommended,289650,13799666,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Prev,47 minutes into the game it stalled 3 times and crashed completely once. After watchdogs and this I might have to swear off ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,289650,12969150,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bologna Boy,DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!Ive been a fan of this series since the second edition and they have always had a frame rate problem with my pc but unity has to be the worst of all. I can play most triple A titles from medium to high graphics but I can barely run this game on all low settings. Throughout the game (the little i could actually stand to play) I ran into many bugs and glitches with textures randomly becoming invisible and me going through walls. They probably rushed this game. The combat system is ten times harder than the previous ones (some people like it but I dont) and the game mostly relies on stealth. (I like) DO NOT PICK THIS GAME UP UNLESS YOU HAVE A BEEFY UP TO DATE COMPUTER AND YOU ARE AN EXTREME FAN OF THIS SERIES. Otherwise wait for a new AC game. They seem to have been pushing them out quite frequently.
76561197977804023,Not Recommended,289650,14889811,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,semajjalsten,"4 Months in and the game is still broken!I waited until patch 5 before even trying because of what I heard. I even built my current gaming PC just to play this game. I get it booted up, and play for a few hours, and stop. The next day, the game crashes on load. I write to ubisoft support, and they claim it has to do with my system (which I know it doesn't as I play many many games on this PC through Steam...Unity is the only one from Uplay).Needless to say, not my machine, yet they are still acting like it was. Then one day, I try again, and there's a Uplay update - and magically the game starts to work again! Then I get into playing it, and this is where the review really comes in.The game is basically unplayable. One of my favorite things about the assassins creed franchise was how fluid the movement and parkour was....and in this game I can almost never make Arno go where I was planning. This is SUPER evident in the 2nd main campaign, where you have a time limit to get to a point, and 1 - i can't control Arno well enough to get there becuase of how he climbs so instead of following the path, i just run to the ground and try and climb up to where I'm supposed to be from somewhere else, and 2 - when I finally get to the right spot at the right time, instead of doing the standard game play button combo for diving off a roof, it makes you hit this strange combo...and then it doesn't work! the door stayed open, I lower myself down, and jump in, but the animation goes back to what would have happened if it let me jump from where I was before!?!The worst is in speaking with Ubisoft, wondering how a AAA game developer can let this happen and not try and produce some good will with their customers, they responded by saying that the free DLC they gave us more than compensates for a $60 game being unplayable 4 months in...It's going to take me a long time before I can trust any Ubisoft game again...and I definitely will not be pre-ordering any of them anymore."
,Not Recommended,289650,32923183,Posted: 28 June,all,The Karped Krusader,"Definitely one of the worst games in the series. Possible spoilers ahead! You have been warned.The story is horrible and difficult to stay engaged in. The only reason I even beat this game is because I wanted to see what the end would contribute to the overall AC series story like some of the other entries in the series did. I ended up being quite disappointed, even with the low expectations I had prior to beating the game. There is little closure in the end and doesn't answer many questions. Where did Germain get the Sword of Eden? What happened to the other three Assassin Grand Masters after Arno was expelled? Why did this game not add anything to the AC universal story?! So many questions like this that really leave you with a bitter feeling after you beat it...The characters are all very cookie cutter and predictable. Nothing ever seems to differentiate between separate targets. You kill one guy and he just leads you to the next head honcho, repeat this process 50 times, or so it feels like. Arno was an okay protagonist, but didn't really make you want to keep playing as him or get another game playing as Arno as most people did with Ezio after AC2.There is so much extra crap to do, and I call it crap on purpose. It is distracting and pointless to do all the secondary missions and objectives. You can easily get through the game with mid-tier weapons and armor, so why waste your time trying to upgrade further? You get an OP set of armor and a sword to boot at the end anyway... All of it really just clutters your map and gets in the way.As for the gameplay, the formula for playing the game is in stark contrast to the earlier games. AC Brotherhood really let you choose how you want to kill your targets. There were numerous ways to stealthfully assassinate a target. From a bench, from the roof, from the crowd, etc.  I really liked being able to figure out what path I could take in ACB when climbing, but lately all of the games seem to only have one path up a building or structure and it feels extremely forced. In Unity, you really don't get many choices and it ALWAYS ends up with you running away from a hoard of 25 guards at the end of the assassination. The series is so different because in the beginning, the goal was to try NOT to fight all the guards and to avoid have a pile of bodies, rather to take out your target quickly and quietly and then escape.Speaking of bodies, why did Ubisoft remove so many functions from the previous games that were so nice to have?! You can no longer pick up bodies to hide or relocate them, you can't pick up their weapons, you can't use your fists, you aren't able to take human shields to block gunshots (which are way too common in Unity,) you can't use the dagger (which has been removed from use in the series for a while now..) It's like they're taking out all of the parts that made the game fun. It's more of a fighting/ combat game now where you're expected to fight and survive rather than sneak and stealthfully dispatch a single target without any extra combat involved.I appreciate Ubisoft trying to change the game up a bit by adding choice of weapons and such, but I don't think it serviced the game all too well. With the combination of choosing your weapons and armor and leveling up skills with ""experience points"" made it feel like it was trying to be like an RPG, and that is far from what the AC games are. It didn't make the game any more fun.One other thing about the gameplay that irks me is the idea of the factions or sides. I don't have a problem with there being a multifaceted ""society"" in the game, but what is the point of having factions that fight each other (i.e. the Gang members and the French guardsmen), but when you fight one of the factions and the other joins in to kill them as well, they attack you afterwards. The enemy of my enemy is my friend, unless you're playing AC Unity. Then everyone is out to get you at all times. Even if you simply run by a guard and do nothing else..Let's not forget what this game was most famous for: THE BUGS AND GLITCHES! They're still here alright... I experienced countless glitches along the way of playing through this game. Random citizen NPCs in the windows three stories up, getting shot, stabbed, and executed through walls, getting stuck on top of a chair or bench while sqautting as if I were on top of a synch point, running up a wall and somehow falling down past where I jumped from and ending up dead, and lots more. One technical part that I REALLY wish Ubisoft would address is the clumbsy controls of the game. The movement is not tight at all which makes it so you have to rotate 90 degrees one way or the other to make a slight turn. It really is ridiculous, and this is not a problem limited to Unity, it's most of the games, but Unity seems to have it the worst.In all honesty, the AC series is one of my favorites which is why I get so disappointed by them being lackluster like this. They can't all be gold like AC2 and ACB, but Ubisoft really dropped the ball on this one. The strategy in making sequels is usually to take what like likable and what worked from the previous games and apply it/ improve upon those concepts in future products, but Ubisoft seemed to do just the opposite. I am going to play Syndicate next because I would like to play all the games in the series; I don't want to give up on what I used to hold in such high esteem in the past! I will likely try out Origins too.TL;DRCharacters - Bad and uninterestingStory - Boring and adds nothing to the continuous story the other AC games are establishingGameplay - Polar opposite of the good AC games, meaning Unity's gameplay is the antithesis of an Assassin game. Ubisoft made the game only able to be played one way. WAY too much combat now.Technical - Still quite buggyI would not recommend this game because it is honestly a useless entry in the AC series. I sincerely hope that Ubisoft taking the year off from putting out a new AC game will pay off and give us a great entry into the series that everyone really wants to see again! I trust that with the extra year they had, there is much more room for picking up where they fell short in all the other entries."
76561198117422009,Not Recommended,289650,14656426,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Som1udontno,"This has the potential to be an amazing game, however it's  bad porting slows it. As of Patch 5 they still need to fix the hitboxes on everything. I constantly find myself stuck floating in mid air, getting stuck in rooftops and the ground, and falling through the world among others. However if you ignore the constant 10FPS and glitches, this is quite possibly the best AC yet. You will need to buy the $6000 Steam Box (Coming later this year) to run it though. :P I want to post this neutral, but I can't, I don't want to not reccommend it, but I can't reccomend it until Patch 6 and until it's possible to run it without a gaming PC worth a small fortune, so I have to say I don't reccomend this. Get the console version, people!Edit: Fixed the patch numbers after looking at news and seeing Patch 5, still doesn't fix the bugs though.On the bright side you don't need a smartphone to get 100% now. Just a gaming PC. :P"
,Recommended,289650,31249940,Posted: 19 April,all,Karlambda,"Assassin's Creed Unity is like the other games but with a twist.You are able to customize your character way more than the other games could offer. This includes colors, hoods, belts, etc. While this may not be important to some, it sure can be immersive if one chooses to play that way.One other cool feature is the outfits system. This allows you to unlock classic outfits from the previous games, as well as never before seen outfits. All in all, the customization is great.One new feature is co-op. In this mode you play through a certain mission with another player, and you two must work together to complete it. This can give you the chance to show off your master assassin skills to other players. Not only that, but show off your cool assassin outfit that you customized. The co-op is very fun and very immersive.Now to everything else... well unless you havent played any other games in the series, its the same deal. Aside from the story, everything feels the same in some sort of way. It feels kinda monotnous to the rest of the games. I cant really explain it, just trust me when I say its pulling a call of duty move. (COD move is where each game is basically the same with few minor adjustments)I do reccomend Assassin's Creed Unity, it is very fun and the new features really bring out the creativity the player can utilize."
,Recommended,289650,21534762,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,418,"Overall: 7.5/10What worked:Story, graphics, fun gameplay, murder mysteries & coop.What didn't work:-Drastically different combat that I never got used to & never enjoyed.-Removal of ships/naval combat-A pretty weak story overall.  Arno is an interesting character, but the story is only as good as the supporting characters.  Aside from Bellec & Elise, I never knew or cared about anyone else.   You never befriend the other assassins or do missions for them like in the Ezio games.  The amount of interaction they give to the story was very distant and cold.-You only meet the main villain twice.  It's almost as bad as the AC Revelations Villain that you literally never meet & you're surprised he even knew your name.  Ayala, Haytham, Rodrigo, Cesare, these are the characters that are supposed to steal the show, draw sympathy & taunt you through out the game.  You never meet Germain until the end of the game.-The game controls pretty weird too, the thousands of NPC's in Paris is amazing to look at, but they didn't get Arno to control as smoothly as I had Edward or Ezio down.  I really think they were changing what wasn't broken just for the sake of changing it to say that they had innovated.-For whatever reason, they removed all the real world 2014 interaction and replaced it with these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Helix portals.  Sending Arno to occupied 1942 France?  What the hell are you doing?  As much as I often hated the real world/modern day timelines at times, at least they were seeded with the fiction of the story.Overall, if you like the Assassin's Creed games, this is enjoyable.  However, the main character is better than Connor & Edward, but worse than Ezio, Altair & Shay.  The main villain is very weak, the supporting characters are all nobodies compared to the memorable cast from the Ezio trilogy.  And that's really a recurring theme every time I play AC games, I'm always comparing them to the Ezio trilogy.  I had more fun in Black Flag & Rogue even though they were earlier iterations."
76561198021051195,Not Recommended,289650,12928350,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,CaptCuddles92,The game is ok but the tech problems are game breaking to the point of unplayable. DO NOT BUY UNTIL MASSIVE PRICE CUT.
76561198067826462,Not Recommended,289650,12929832,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,JoblessPickle,"Waste of 60 USD until this gets patched, this is beyond ridiculous, I couldn't play through the entire first mission without a crash on the cutscene.  Now, every cutscene crashes at least ten times before it works, and the frame rate is atrocious even on the complete lowest settings.  Running a FX-6350 and a EVGA GeForce 660 TI (yes it's under the minimal requirements, but it has been a graphics slayer on every game allowing max settings and 60 fps on almost every game to date).  Extremely dissapointed so far, hopefully there will be a patch in the near future so I can give a positive review.  From what I've seen on console footage it looks like an outstanding game with great new gameplay features, but for now I'll just have to wonder as it seems it is nearly unplayable for most PC users."
,Not Recommended,289650,12929703,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,☆Vladimir Lenin☆ ☭TSL☭,"ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE,dont buy this untill they patch it"
76561198045727012,Not Recommended,289650,12930178,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jared,"Don't bother please save all of the cash moneys on it....for now until it gets an update, maybe."
,Recommended,289650,31948908,Posted: 25 May,all,Cedjoe,"I don't see anything wrong with this game, one of the best AC imo"
76561198010612160,Recommended,289650,22747654,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Bjørn,"One of the best of Creed universe, when it comes to control and graphic.... It's the French revolution and story behind it...Overall 8/10.Recommend a high perf. computer..."
76561198081865260,Not Recommended,289650,12915521,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,HoneyBadger'sRevenge,This game is entirely unplayable unless you have the absolute best PC out there. I lost $60 on something i can't even use. This had better be fixed soon.
,Not Recommended,289650,12916506,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,jrg_sk8er,"hey i just downloaded it started up alright but when i played it, it was so laggy that it is so unplayable cmon what am i suppose to do with it.... i turn down all the setting down Ubisoft please fix it i want to play this masterpeice"
76561198015246206,Not Recommended,289650,12913004,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Talovar,"This game would be fun and great if a patch comes that enhances performance. Playing while thinking about when I'll randomly crash next, dealing with FPS drops or Arno falling through the terrain to his death is not leaving a good first impression at all. This has ruined pre-ordering any future game for me and I hope a patch comes soon.The gameplay is fun and would be better if the framerate did not drop during combat, cutscenes or in NPC-crowded areas. However, the performance is not up to par despite Day One patches. I do not recommend buying this game until a fix comes our way.Update: Three patches have come that fixed SOME problems, but still not FPS drops or random crashes (outlined as being ""fixed"" in patch 3). Still would not recommend this game, or even buying it during a sale as of 1 December."
,Not Recommended,289650,12915743,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Gooby,The start up menu is by far too laggy and I still can't get the game to run smoothly even with the lowest settings. I've waited a day for this game for this game to fix and it still hasn't. This is so upsetting. I paid $60 for a game I can't even play.
,Not Recommended,289650,12916894,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Aegon,"I bought garrys mod for 10$ and playef that for 200+ hours. In that time I fell through the map 5 times. In the short time both I and my computer could stomach this disgrace on the assassin's creed series, I fell through the map 11 times and got frozen in place twice."
,Not Recommended,289650,12915145,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,kimerino,"Bugs out the♥♥♥♥♥ terrible movement response, horrible pop in and graphics in general even on maximum settings. First game in a while ive had buyers remorse."
,Not Recommended,289650,12911032,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Vacationist,"If there is one thing that Day One Garry's Incident is better than AC Unity, it would be the optimization"
,Not Recommended,289650,13276309,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,AmanApp,What can i say about this game? So he is a pros and cons list:Pros:-Character Development is nice-Customaztion is goodCons:Now here is the part you all want to hear-Fighting stinks. AC3 and AC4 both had an awesome combat system but ACU just makes up their own which stinks-The Story could have been much better-Tons of glitches-FPS drop for no reason-Coop is dull and doing the same thing over and over-Fried my GTX 780 2GB now i need a new one and i am relying on my GTX 660 right nowI gives this game a 6/10 for effort
76561198099607432,Not Recommended,289650,12927052,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ShadowKnight93,"This game has terrible frames even on low settings. I've got a NVIDIA GTX790 and a Core i7 3770K at 5Ghz. The entire game is a buggy mess. If they don't fix this soon, i demand a refund."
,Not Recommended,289650,12916775,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Bootytron,"Expected so much more than this, all that can be said."
76561197970524443,Not Recommended,289650,12925444,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,HooksGURU,"I will start with the fact that this is not a true ""next generation"" game, as Ubisoft promised to provide to the fans.From the very start bugs, glitches, and engine issues present themselves in a way that even inexperienced Indy developers seem to be able to leave from the presentation.I have put maybe an hour into the game, and another hour just getting it stable before I just couldn't deal with it anymore. I am on a quite powerful system, sporting 3-way Sli GTX780ti units, and Haswell flagship (2011 v3)-Intel X99 platform. To put it in the kindest way possible, this title seldom takes proper advantage of such hardware, and issues that are present should have never made it into the final retail build. It is like all testing was exempt, and Ubisoft wanted to release the game before the holiday season. Disgraceful performance. Attempting to run at 1440p is disgusting, the engine was obviously never considered to run at 60hz above 1080p.They may patch it, but I will remember this release as the worst in history from Ubisoft. I have terminated my order for FarCry 4, and advisted as many as I can to do the same.The once great company that gave us FarCry, is no more...If I had to evaluate the new in-house engine it would be as follows:Textures are washed out. Aassets look like they were taken from a game over 5 years ago. AI is comical. Landscape and texture ""pop-in"" is the worst I have seen in a AAA title. Draw distance was obviously built around console limitations as is the rest is the entire game presentation for the PC platform.Unity, in a nutshell, is a waste of money, time, and space. AAA title this is not. Buyers beware, all the negative feedback is true."
76561198049262941,Not Recommended,289650,15246759,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Yogi,"Generally a buggy and poorly optimized mess. The game itself in gameplay and story may be excellent, but I'll never know, because in its current state it's quite unplayable for me."
76561198082705132,Not Recommended,289650,13692609,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ultimateshogun123uk,"Do not buy this game all ive had since i wasted 44 pounds was a 16hr download time, unplayable fps and overwhelming graphical issues i wasted 44pounds of my christmas money for a rubbish broken game"
,Recommended,289650,33428237,Posted: 10 July,all,Mearsy,"Overall this game is good. I didn't think I would enjoy it, but it turns out it really isn't that bad as to what I was hearing about it. Yes at times there are some bugs, but they are nothing major. I know many weren't fans of the co-op but I really liked the system, was great to play some activities with friends and even randoms. Definately worth buying when it's on sale."
76561197970755187,Recommended,289650,25530814,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,MGarceau,"Critically ill-received, Unity may be the poster-child of annualized, calendarized, churn-'em to burn-'em publisher mentality. While that's not a statement intended to change or judge a business model, Unity is, quite literally, the product of such a business model.With that said, Unity still, for its launch-time bug misgivings (and there are so many graphical issues, just YouTube for evidence), muddled and at times abstruse story, is still a mechanically sound game with engaging combat and for the most part, fluid movement. Consider for a moment its mechanics for free-form movement, while not perfect, is a far cry from being bad, and is, for the most part, quite good, especially so when considering the scope of its city-scapes.Unity further updates the combat mechanics from its predecessor, Black Flag, and it is, most certainly, an improvement. Where Black Flag's combat had a non-existant difficulty that felt like rote-whack-a-mole, Unity asks the player to pay attention to the enemies' motions and time counter-attacks according to an enemies' movements. Another way to say this, Unity asks the player to pay attention and be skilled. This, I found, to be far more rewarding, satisfying and interesting to play.With the noted bugs aside, the game is visually pretty. While it does run relatively heavy compared to other modern AAA games that carry visual parity, it still is, nonetheless, pretty to look at. Character facial animations are convincing. The city streets are detailed and representitive to the time, place, and space of its source material.And the story. By this point in the long-running series, I'm certain very few could eloquently recap what the hell is going on in under 1 minute. I see this as a problem; good writing (or narritive for that matter), should be easy to follow, regardless of the complexity of the story trying to be told. It's hard to fabricate something that's simple and straightforward, yet subtle, nuanced and clever; it's much easier to overwhelm with complexity and nonsensical derivatives to tell some story. And this series, Unity especially, has nailed the latter.But, even with all these shortcomings, Unity is still a good game. One worth playing, because as a whole it sill works, even if its moving parts seem duck-taped together, at times."
,Recommended,289650,25628168,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Retro,"Most underrated AC release due to the release backlash. And since I bought Unity 6months after release, I never had any problems with it through my playtime of the game. Story worked really well for me, one of the better AC storylines for me, and MP was kinda cool with a friend.The thing that grinds me with this game is the NPC's having British accents... really Ubi...8.5/10"
76561198072140962,Not Recommended,289650,13147670,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,KGov,"I've done everything possible to mediate the game not launching to no avail! Press 'Play' and Uplay logs me in successfully, ACU's splash screen pops up, ten seconds later I get greeted with 'Assassin's Creed Unity has stopped working'.Validated cache, disabled Steam/Uplay overlay, disabled cloud, exited EVGA Precision running in background, disabled HID in Device Manager, and re-installed ACU after uninstalling and cleaning registry with CCleaner.I enjoy the Assassin's Creed series having played all of them and was excited so much I pre-ordered the latest. Far Cry 4 was in my wishlist until I saw the plethora quantity of 'not launching' threads in the forum! First Ubisoft game I've encountered a problem having zero issues with the other AC games, Far Cry 3, and Spinter Cell: Conviction/Blacklist.Specs:Windows 7, i7 920, 6GB RAM, GTX 750 Ti SC."
,Not Recommended,289650,13025425,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Fuuko,this game is the worst dont buy it until there has been a few patchesYOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,289650,13125631,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,A $ A P S Q U A T,This Game could have been good and in itself it is not a bad game it just is not well implemented.1. The grapics are very good but that comes with some bad things for people who dont have beast PC its almost unplayable on my PC2. There is a bug when parcouring when Arno frezes i plave and you have to restart from veiw point or the begining of the mission
76561198039917761,Not Recommended,289650,12962816,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,McGimpsey,Horrible optimisation. I can run every game in my library on 60fps on max settings. Except this one. This game is literally unplayable. I want a refund.
76561197997681436,Not Recommended,289650,13191469,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Painapple,"Don' t buy it,  this game is broken, and when you ask for refund both of them Steam an Ubisoft Show you a middle finger.I will never buy anything from Ubi or steam until i download it from torrents"
76561198055631052,Recommended,289650,29969759,Posted: 16 February,all,Rafalo15,"There was a time after Black Flag where I simply got bored of the Assassin's Creed and no longer cared to play any new release during that time. However, after having had the chance to play Unity I can't help but call my past self a fool.Yeah, the game has its fair share of bugs and the AI is questionable at times but they pale in comparison to the improvements that this game implemented.Freerunning is smoother than ever before (you'll still get stuck quite often however), letting you climb up and down with ease, you can actually go inside buildings now, whether as an escape route, for a mission, or merely in your search for one of the many chests available for looting. And to top it off, they're usually populated in one way or another. Speaking of the chests, there are 4 different ones in this, the standard white ones, the patriot red ones, blue uPlay chests and finally the yellow ancestor chests, some of these containing iconic outfits from the previous games in the series.Combat has been vastly improved, gone are the days of merely spamming X to chain kill people, now you actually have to fight and if you can't master parrying then you can and will die... a lot. Customisation is also a thing in this and there is plenty of it, allowing you to mix and match armour sets, decide which of the many melee and ranged weapons are best for you, the colour of your attire etc.The city of Paris itself feels alive in this game, with Red Redemption-like side stories happening at random that you can partake in for extra gear, a myriad of co-op missions to do (if you can still find anyone online these days), and the sheer amount of npcs walking around.Overall, Unity is a solid game and fits in well within the AC universe."
76561198067627696,Recommended,289650,24037823,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,$#@%!,"So the game ran fine on my computer on ultra high and mine is only a 800 dollar rig. Encountered no bugs.However, this was still my least favorite Assassin's Creed game so far for a few different reasons.The combat really bugs me, you don't get that same rush of power chain killing 10 enemies at once. Because you can't. You are going to get hurt in this game. You also can't use the assassin's blade in combat.Combat is just a lot harder and not as fluid as the others, it's hard to dodge gunshots and those guns will kill you in one or two shots which gets very annoying.This game forced me to utilize stealth, through the whole game because I just wanted to avoid the awkward battling as much as possible.Without spoiling anything I can also say the ending left a sour taste in my mouth. Did not enjoy the ending,I still recommend playing through it because all Assassin's Creed games are worth playing, but this one is definitely skippable and not worth 100 percenting."
76561198156966705,Recommended,289650,16396189,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TFU_Jedi,"I built my first PC and this is one of the first games I downloaded. I read a bunch of terrible reviews, but I have had no real issues playing. At most, a couple of tiny bugs when a civilian does something a bit weird - nothing new for an AC game! I've had a great time on the CO-OP, this is a feature I have been dying to see in the franchise, and it has worked great for me. It seems the last patch (5) must have helped a lot, but I think it is important to remember the sheer scope of this game. From the top of the tallest building, I can see the rioting mobs for miles around. I have never seen such a 'living' city in any other game. Free-running is awesome and the combat is both simpler and harder than previous generations. Massive thumbs up, especially if you get it on discount, just make sure you have the specs to run it ;)"
76561198079313298,Not Recommended,289650,12932179,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,General Aladeen,"i have a gtx 750, and i cant even play this on low without getting 5-12 fps, theres a problem with that, TINY map, so dont get me started with that, and for the love of god, the fps is horrible once more lol.. i normally can run ANY game out so far on ultra, or some high, but this, unacceptable, sorry nobody has money to spend 800 dollars, to play ONE game lol. get outttaaa here ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,289650,12919686,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Xenotech2000,"This looks like it has the potential to be a good Assassin's Creed game. Unfortunately, I have trouble telling because I can't get past the fourth mission. Does the game crash? Is it too difficult? Is there a bug preventing me from passing? No. The game is just terribly optimized. The framerate is horrendous even at the lowest setting and I don't have a poor PC. The textures have trouble loading, the game freezes, the loading times are terrible, and the game is just overal poorly optimized.If you want to get this game, please wait until the issues have been fixed. As of this moment(11/12/14), Ubisoft has said they are working on a patch. It is unknown whether this patch will actually fix everything, or if we will hvae a repeat of Watch_Dogs, with fans needing to patch the game legitimately.TL;DR: Looks like a good game. Wait until a good patch comes out or you're gonna have a bad time."
76561198111243094,Recommended,289650,33617709,Posted: 17 July,all,xPuncake615,Its not a bad game if you have a high end PC.
,Not Recommended,289650,12928309,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ReinBork,"So you can pay REAL money for fake in game money like on cell phone FREEMIUM games... How much do I need to pay for better framerate and less crashes? UBI, if you're going to be a money grabber then at least make a game that more than 40% of people can run successfully without problems. Stop stooping so low and you would have more fans.1/5 until I get my money refunded or a patch hits that actually lets me play."
76561198037740120,Not Recommended,289650,12921536,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Rolf Harris,"Ubisoft obviously doesn't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about their PC player base, as a $1600 computer can barely run this due to horrid optimisation. Thanks Ubi for a job well done :)"
,Not Recommended,289650,12917767,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,DarthKanade,"Look at u paper PC, yet u said the game is poorly optimizedWhen u have 4970x + GTX980*4 will u still lag?Why u don't reflect on u own ?U only have gtx770loljust kidding XXD"
,Not Recommended,289650,13975631,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Roger Rimjob,1.	Optimized poorly.  Framerate is pretty bad.  There are some ways to improve it slightly but for $70 I shouldn’t have to.2.	Barely much mention of what I am there for.  THE ♥♥♥♥ING FRENCH REVOLUTION.  Guys come on.  There is some stuff there sure but it is pretty weak.3.	Uplay blows♥♥♥♥♥  Enough said.  We keep telling you this but ♥♥♥♥ the customer right?4.	Honestly the story is not that great or engaging.  It is barely enjoyable if I force myself.  Maybe if the fps wasn’t so bad I would enjoy it more.  Just sayin’.Don’t buy this game.  Ubisoft will see the money rolling in and think it is okay to sell us this horse♥♥♥♥♥♥  They are going to have to make a pretty awesome game before I buy anything from them again.
76561198122061319,Not Recommended,289650,12911403,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Reisen Inaba,"NOBODY BUY THIS GAME. OR ASK FOR YOUR MONEY BACK.Full of graphical errors and glitches, and ubisoft has made little to no attempts to reassure all the buyers that they will soon be sending out a day 1 patch.If your lucky enough to get through the download process you'll be met with a white menu screen where you cant even see the options. Then after launching, your mini map is white, your buttons are white, faces melt, people start flying, FPS drops as you see the ""gravity mechanics"" go wild and drapes/ capes start having a will of their own.tbh tho, its quite funny to watch, so there is that....seriously people, look elsewhere, Ubisoft is a♥♥♥♥♥♥company until they fix their crap games.overhype/10. Will not recommend to my dog."
,Not Recommended,289650,12892142,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zox,This game is a 60 dollar learning experience. Allow me to save you the cash and tell you what I've learned: Don't preorder games from Ubisoft.
,Recommended,289650,19413807,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Vicomte de Sytex,"Do not care about bad reviews, this game is awesome.+story is nice+no more bugs anymore+no fps drop on gtx760+realy realy nice graphics+better gameplay than other assassin's creed games (I mean new combat system, or climbing system)(10/10)"
,Not Recommended,289650,12891053,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Kenta,"Absolute crap. Doesn't support AMD, laptops or anything below a top of the line gaming laptop. Ubisoft should really work on products people who aren't abolutely loaded can enjoy"
,Not Recommended,289650,12889167,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ozzy,"Horrible, I've played almost every other assassins creed game out there with no problems; as this one had co-op I wanted to get it on steam. I have since been blown away by the performance issues; I can't get past the first mission due to my character sinking into the floor... and becoming unable to move."
,Not Recommended,289650,12895247,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ukinator,"Crashed once after two hours and i'm surprised it took that long, the game kept locking up for as long as 40 seconds at a time and the frame rate plummets quite often. Seems like pretty good game, aside from the poor optimization which will hopefully get fixed soon...?"
76561197997527069,Not Recommended,289650,12890832,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Innocent,"What everyone else is saying is true, it has terrible rendering. The game simply is so glitchy that looking up is a peril, even more so than anything else in the world. Beware the terrible glitching and god help you if an explosion should go off and throw off all of your framerate and get you killed. I recommend Ubisoft Recall this game like a bad car with a safety design flaw to save some face before people get migranes from it's annoyance. If I could, I'd put two thumbs down.   I recommend anyone reading this wait's a solid month or at least until reviews start rolling in positive to even consider buying it, I'd honestly like my money back but we all know that's not going to happen, so at the very least I can try to stop them from getting any more for this shoddy piece of work, good luck recovering Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,289650,12891170,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Helisium,"PATCH 4 UPDATE: This was supposed to be the patch that fixed performance issues, unfortunately however this patch changes NOTHING, the performance is still exactly the same that it was at launch, ubisoft is literally lying to your face and laughing by telling you that this patch fixed performance issues.Quite frankly it's disgusting that they can get away with doing things like this, this is the kind of company that just need to die ASAP, hopefully costumers will learn from this and start boycotting ubisoft from now on.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I CANNOT even average 30 fps with everything on ultra plus TXAA, on a ♥♥♥♥ING GTX TITAN, yes you read that correctly, a GTX TITAN CANNOT MAINTAIN CONSTANT 30 FPS IF TXAA IS ENABLED.Without it however i can get around 35 ish maybe 45 on outdoors and 60 fps indoors (Without any action on-screen), for those people out there that are defending this game and ubisoft i'll just say this: NBA 2K15 has better graphics than this game and with everything on max plus AA, the game never drops below 100 fps, whereas in this game it's nigh impossible to get constant 60 fps.If that's not bad optimization then i don't know what is.Score: 5/10. Avoid this game like the plague."
,Recommended,289650,34469519,Posted: 24 August,all,Fischy,"It's a decent game. Not the best AC, But also not the worst. Nice idea with the multiplayer but the execution could be better."
76561198041815201,Recommended,289650,34471769,Posted: 24 August,all,Smigel,"Went into this game expecting it to be garabage from all the reviews and glitches I saw, started playing and went ""damn this is pretty good"". Kept playing and started to enoy Arno and the rest of he story. Not the best game I have ever played but still pretty damn good."
76561198073730534,Recommended,289650,32613933,Posted: 21 June,all,BOT (Muffin),"Good story, but still loads of buggs be aware for some laughable moments"
76561198037687823,Not Recommended,289650,13866560,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Grumbleskull,Worst AC since the dawn of time.
76561198019488429,Not Recommended,289650,13456298,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nigel Byron,"It's fun, but broken."
,Not Recommended,289650,24286917,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MarioDragon,"I had an earlier positive review but I believe I reviewed it too soon. After beating Unity, I've decided it's one of the worst games I've ever played.Is it the glitches? No actually. This is one of the least glitchy Assassin's Creed games I've played, but problems come from the fact that the game is just so very badly made from the core. Somehow Ubisoft managed to make one of the most frustrating and enraging games that I've played in my life.For some reason it feels like Unity's sole purpose is to annoy you. Think you're doing well in combat? Get shot. Running away after a successful assassination? Get shot 6 times. Realize you have no smoke bombs? Get shot. Want to move out of the way of the guards? The controls don't let you - you waddle back and forth in the same spot, then attacked. Want to use the cover system? Use it, get seen anyway, realize you can't get out of cover, get shot. Want to take out a guard on the ledge? Climb on the ledge, take 10 seconds to kill him, get seen by all guards, get shot. Attack guards head on? Except you can't because you're sheathing your weapon for some unholy reason. Get stabbed then shot then plowed by an axe.The enemies have laser focus vision and laser aiming that never misses except when you roll for some reason. They reload instantaneously, you can't use enemies as cover when getting shot, and counter all you want but in the time it takes you to start attacking the enemy you just countered is exactly the amount of time the game needs to attack you with another enemy. Sometimes you counter but your character does absolutely nothing in response, he just stands there and takes damage. Get level 5, full health upgrades, and still die in 5-6 hits. I just don't understand.But then there's other problems: The collectibles swamp the map making it a Where's Waldo to find where you're supposed to go next (generally you want to fast travel so you aren't walking for 600 meters right? also for some reason when I would filter it to missions the main mission wouldn't show). Items are overpriced, and even with owning every Cafe I still can't make a substantial amount of money without what feels like MMO level of grinding. Without a substantial amount of money you'll be stuck with garbage armor and weapons. The weapons/armor price jumps are like this: 25,000F for second or third best items, 200,000F for best. You have to spend 200,000F on your sword, hat, gloves, boots, pants, and torso. Consumables cost too much and if you think you can just search guards to get consumables like you can in other games, think again! It's as if Unity deliberately goes out of its way to avoid giving you items you want or need.I forgot what that arm-crossbow that you get is called but the entire tutorial for that weapon revolved around it being a silent weapon you can use to kill people, well, silently. Strangely, whenver I used it, every guard's vision in the vicinity immediately turned straight toward me even if I had only a split hair sticking out from behind three walls. It isn't very silent and because of that went largely unused for me.And the worst part about all of this? The story is good, and I really liked it. I just hate that this is a game I will never play again, and can't believe Ubisoft managed to make one that was this unbelieveably frustrating to me. I've never been annoyed with an Assassin's Creed game before, in act I've never been this annoyed with any game before. How did Unity do it? I guess it just isn't the game for me.Then there's the price. I don't know why it's still $40 on Steam when you can find it for less than $20 on the PS4/Xbox one. If you absolutely must then get this game on sale, but otherwise you won't miss a lot of the 'grand' story by skipping this one, and you may just save your anger."
,Not Recommended,289650,12922554,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,AlphaInfiniti niko niko,"I paid $70 for this game and when i play it, it shows the buttons for the tutorial, BUT NOT THE LETTER/NUMBER PRINTED ON IT! And when i go to pause menu, the screen is all whitish likes its glitched SO WHAT THE HELL????"
76561198041225920,Not Recommended,289650,12920164,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,sampadda84,Ubi-Soft has betrayed its user base and turned their backs on its community just to make an extra dollar. This game should of never of been released in the state that it is in. It has turned my most beloved IP  and my faith in its company from one of Love to complete disdain. The worse part is I convinced 3 others to buy this game with me and now we can not get a refund. The amount of bugs and performance issues from just the first 1.5 hours of play are enough to make me turn it off and never want to pick it up again. I will no longer be purchasing Ubi-Soft games from here on out.
,Not Recommended,289650,12922551,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Charly,"Gameplay is good. Its the typical AC experience - and the game can look beautiful.However, I cannot recommend this game. The crashing... the performance issues... the glitches and bugs.... Its just too buggy."
,Not Recommended,289650,12924499,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,The Reaper,"game cool, good looking and story seem to be good so far.But1: micropurchase is somewhat♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off by that i spend 79eur to game and i see it has micropurchase on PC game. Micropurchases are used to upgrade gear... so u can have all best gear and whole maps and els revealed whit micropurchases..they are for phone games, and now they are gonna be on PC games -_-.2: some contents are unlocked via phone app that what i understand it is unlocked, app is fine cool, but you have to purchase premium for full potential of the app, once again i bought the game for 79e, why not add the app premium too? punch of other stuff i get but no premium.3: PERFORMANCE problems, slow motion.. low fps... and CAPED 30fps (whenever i even get that is on rare not so populated place) (hardware: cpu: fx-6350 Gpu: HD Radeon 7950 Ram: 8Gb, Win 7. settings high or higher. Tested: all settings fps improves only by 1-2fps by lowering settings.) feels unfinished and feels like its not beta tested.:update: 4: BIGGEST thing i hate is that THERE IS NO SAVE SLOTS! how does the family member play if no save slots? (okey moving files but that is quite hard) reason i hate this the most is that all new games should have saveslots for another gameplay+its not probably a thing which is gonna come any soon."
76561198125082148,Recommended,289650,17651870,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Erwin Rommel,It is a very good game with lots to do and a big world to do it in the co op is fun and players are friendly
76561198065241730,Recommended,289650,31697084,Posted: 12 May,all,AurumWeaver,"It definitely was a garbage game when it hit the release date back in the day, but it now runs very well. The game itself is predictable - it's an assassin's creed, so you have a fun yet incredibly misadapted movement system when it comes to infiltration. It's still a pretty great rendering of Paris all in all. If you're looking for a nice game to buy, you should head over to AC Syndicate, which I hear is better in every aspect. If you want this game specifically, well it's far from a bad game now. Classic AC, have fun."
76561198059505877,Not Recommended,289650,12917364,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Nova Prime,Doesnt work. Repeatedly crashes. Pls fix Ubisoft!!!!
76561198057572748,Not Recommended,289650,12917532,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,RED DEAD REDEMPTION 2,Spent 70$ on garbage. Ubisoft really messed up this time and I thought watch dogs was bad. lol
76561198056406723,Not Recommended,289650,12978987,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Human Hound,♥♥♥♥ this game!!
,Not Recommended,289650,12918457,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,---Plasma---,"terable framerates on high with a OC 290 20-40 fps, this game should not be this hard to run, it is in need of a patch."
,Not Recommended,289650,12918405,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,bajablasted,"I should have listened to the other reviews, but decided to try my luck.i7-4700MQ8GB RamNvidia GTX 770MThe game is unplayable.I played for about 25 seconds on low and then decided it was unplayable.  It was probably foolish to buy this for a laptop based on the other reviews, but I'm amazed that I can't even run the game on low at 1920x1080...  I just finished Mordor on high playing at 2560x1440.  No trouble with Watchdogs, Call of Duty etc.  This is by far the worst performing game by far in my (large) steam library and is the first time I've ever considered looking into whether or not steam has a refund policy.You shouldn't need a 1500 desktop to play this game on medium.   Personally I'm surprised that Ubisoft released the game as is and hope that this isn't an indication of what's to come as the new generation of console games are ported to PC."
,Not Recommended,289650,12917080,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,The Real Mehicana,"This game is a disgrace to the franchise! Yeah, the story might be good... IF I COULD FREAKING PLAY THE THING!I have to restart the game every ten minutes becuase of crashes and graphical glitches! Seriously, save your money until they update it a few times. The ammount of bugs are ridiculous! I have a masterful PC and I cant even play long enough to hear dialog!"
76561198035813056,Not Recommended,289650,12921599,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,NotAHacker,"I have loved everything about the Assassin's Creed series. Everything.Until now.Say what you will about the graphicla issues, I myself only had some minor lagging and some dodgy camera work.For me, it was everything else. The climbing was weird, the story was haphazard and confusing, and it overall had the pervasive feeling that the developers got lazy in setting the scene of France. For Assassin's Creed II, it took some effort to create a strong sense of Renaissance Italy. But Ubisoft, being a French developer, seems to have really slacked off in creating a vibrant and exciting world. For example, I haven't played much, but I'm walking along the Paris streets, just unlocked free world well and truly, and I find a little quest. An unknown man tells me to steal 2 artefacts from the Notre Dame to join his cult. This cult of which I do not remember (kind of a case and point right there) was not explained, had zero context and value or meaning, and I was expected to just grab some valuables and hand them over to this unknown man for no apparent reason. That is not good game making. You don't assign random quests for no reason with no build upon them. What? It felt lazy; the whole game felt lazy.I would rate every other Assassin's Creed 9/10 or higher. Unity I would rate 4/10, or 2/10 if you were someone unlucky enough to have buggy issues."
,Not Recommended,289650,12890617,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,123,The menu screen is very nice and bright beautifuly done and dont forget the gameplay the main character crash screen is very common in this game the mouse controls are very nice this is about as far as i got into the game mostly because IT CRASHED 18 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ TIMES WORST PREORDER EVERY THIS IS THE TYPE OF GAME YOU BUY AS A GIFT FOR THE KIDS WHO TOLD YOU SANTA WASNT REAL dont buy this game worst port of the century and even on lowest settings it crashes i did everything my specs are lightyears ahead of this game screw you ubisoft i dont want a refund I WANT A WORKING GAME THAT I PRE ORDERED AND STALKED FOR MONTHS
,Not Recommended,289650,12934159,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,TheMintyRam,Hype simulater 2014
,Not Recommended,289650,12910402,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,GustavoCubas,"The games seems to be good, but the performance is terrible. I have a HD7970 and an i570k and I can barely get 30fps on the lowest settings."
,Not Recommended,289650,12916613,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Buzzinyo,Do they think everbody has a core I-7 and like GTX 9000's SLIi. Yes 9000's. I thought my computer was good before this overloaded game came to me. I have GTX 780 so I thought I was fine. I go in the game 2 fps that is so cool...... Unless you have 5930X or some Xeon  2-way SLi 980s (or a titan) DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!
,Recommended,289650,17903103,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ashwaah,It works nowI see faces and the nightmares have gone away
,Not Recommended,289650,12890866,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Malice_Unarmed,"This is a performance review, only played until the opening city is unlocked but can clearly see this game needs a patch to help optimize for PC. Getting constant lag spikes/stuttering, texture pop (feels like I'm playing an ID Tech5 game) and horrible aliasing everywhere. Least my game will open unlike a lot of others. When you buy a tripple A title and pay $100 (with season pass) you expect certain qualities and not have to wait for a patch in order to play which is exactly what I am going to do since the stuttering is a little to much for me at this time.i7 980EVGA GTX 780 Ti16GB 2133mhz DDR3"
,Not Recommended,289650,12888672,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SoulSlice,It lags on start and the game crashes on the loading screen. I really hope they can fix this soon cause i was really looking forward to playing the game as soon as i could. I wouldn't recomment the game now cause of how buggy it is.
,Not Recommended,289650,12895337,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Banana Soldier,You cant turn down or up any settings till after you finish the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial so if you install and cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥well sorry.I know how you feel
76561197984397805,Not Recommended,289650,12907194,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MelloYelloCello,"wow...... virtually unplayable... guess I'll go back and finish Black Flag... what a waste of $60!!!!!I can't believe I bought this game day one... if reviews are embargoed till the game is released, then there is a reason for this. I am a sucker... never again Ubisoft!!! never again!!"
76561198119287462,Not Recommended,289650,12908558,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SoulSlayer,"spent ♥♥♥♥ing $60 for this game and cant even play it >_< everytime i run it, it just sits at a black screen and then after about 20 or more minutes it will get to the intro, but cant even play it. FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198008458774,Not Recommended,289650,12895299,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Macthugalicious,"until they fix the bugs, this game isnt worth it at all. sooo much lag, not worth 60 bucks"
,Not Recommended,289650,12895354,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Azrael,The bugs and issues in this game made me cry.  All I have to say.
76561198045151950,Not Recommended,289650,13254381,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Donpeal,"After the scant towns of America and Pirate adventure I was looking forward to a return to Europe with sprawling cities reaching into the sky and the puzzle of killing targets again. Then they shipped a game that was not complete and loaded with ads for other content. When I purchase something for entertainment purposes I want it to entertain me not try to sell me addition things. Unity is like getting a movie sequel you always wanted but the climatic scenes are pixilated and there are commercials. The requirement to finish targets with the assassin's blade also breaks the flow of game play. I would much rather have a Hitman style experience where it is kill target and get bonus scenes or points for how it is achieved. In previous games targets would at least flee if you where spotted and you had to actively engage them while fending off guards but now there seems to be no consequence to walking in and stabbing the first two guards in the face only to alert the entire group and have your target come to you. With purchasable weapons constantly flashed in front of you this becomes even less of a challenge. At this rate the next game will give you an option to buy a one use tank every 5 minutes that has to be declined then you will just roll in blow everything away only to get out and stab the target with the hidden blade to kill him.  When Assassin's Creed first came out I was overjoyed that they seemed to combined two of my favorite series, Hitman and Prince of Persia; but with each installment we seem to be getting away from having that mix of free running and having to plan approaches to stab a target that I liked."
76561198019265665,Not Recommended,289650,24004926,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,kylerob94,"There are some wonderful aspects to Unity, particularly in the environment and the detail that was put in the world. But there are countless annoyances throughout this game, and numerous problems and bugs that still exist. Optimization is still iffy, with framerate drops. There are countless graphical bugs throughout, from NPCs popping into existence 3 feet in front of you to thin white lines visible between some textures.The biggest problem with the game for me, however, is that it's just not fun. The camera is clunky and often gets caught up on the environment. The combat itself can be fun and exciting in smaller groups, but is frustrating when you're facing against large groups. I've found myself mashing a button to drop a smoke grenade, which Arno would ignore, to attacks going through enemies without affecting them, to numerous gameplay mechanics which do not make an ounce of sense to me.One of the problems throughout the AC series has been feature creep, but this game reverses that, to a negative effect. Enemies with guns are much more annoying as there is no effective way to dodge them. You can no longer grab another enemy and use them as a human shield (and in fact their bullets seem to go through their comrades and hit you anyway without a problem, which is particularly frustrating when you're surrounded by 10 guards and 4 of them are pulling out pistols), and your dodge move only works when you're near another enemy, not when you're trying to run towards a rifleman. The damage higher level snipers inflict is also riduculous.Counter-attacks and parries that cause damage or instantly kill the enemy are out, as are kill streaks and combos. And under other circumstances, I would be alright with that, as previous games have often had straight-up combat being easier and much quicker than stealth. However, that combined with the other changes to the combat system just turns combat into a frustrating annoyance.The changes to the stealth system is also similarly frustrating. In an attempt to make the game more difficult and challenging, the developers made it annoying. Hiding in crowds seems a lot more finicky, there's no tall grass to hide in, and you can't whistle to attract enemies. If you want to attract one enemy away from the sight of others, you have to stand in his line of sight and spin in place for a while until he notices you and decides to investigate.Speaking of noticing and investigating, the co-op missions are also particularly awful. In order to increase the difficulty and encourage you to play them with multiple people (though you can play them solo), the enemies are horribly buffed, particularly in noticing you. You will be expected to sneak into a palace which has three guards at each entrance and overlapping snipers which have to be taken out at the same time or they will spot you. And then they will spot you on the other side of the street and immediately become suspicious and start shooting at you as well.The storyline of the game is...mediocre. Nothing too special, though a bit more of a stronger personal story than previous AC games. However, I was disappointed with the treatment of the French Revolution. As with a lot of AC games, the actual historical events are often poorly explained or depicted, can be often played out of order, and they expect you to already know everything or just go with the flow. Not to mention the fact that the main character is locked in a prison during the lead-up and beginning of the revolution itself is horribly disappointing. You don't see a gradual transformation, you don't see people becoming more and more riled up and fighting back. It's just a cutscene and now it's the Republic, with the Reign of Terror, and that's it.All in all, Unity is not horrible. It's a AAA game with a lot of resources put into it, but it's horribly disappointing compared to other AC games, and in an attempt to make the game more of a challenge, it was just made frustrating instead."
,Not Recommended,289650,30305934,Posted: 3 March,all,TwistedRaven,"I got the game back on when it was new. Computer ran it terribly because of it's launch issues and the gaming industry and followers learned a new lesson then (or so we hope).And so did I. Not to pre-order again.I decided to give it another shot. See if it was worth playing.The story had me gripped on a few points but the ending was just so anti-climatic that it's unreal. You can see the game was meant to be more of an active online thing rather than anything else. Because it shows.And that bit was fun.... back then. Right now, I can barely find people online.I couldn't even bother to finish the free DLC they had to toss in because of the launch problems.The game is beautiful, yes, but I only advise you to play it in case you're a really die-hard fan of the series.So, do yourself a favour and stay away from it."
,Not Recommended,289650,13521735,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,boss442,"I have been a huge fan of the Assassins creed franchise, before every game I go back and play the last two, but this one just falls short on too many levels. The environment and the time period that you play in is excellent, the added mechanic of being able to get behind cover is much needed, and the new enemy difficulty levels generated from the ship battle difficulties from previous games adds a new level of necessity when trying to be sneaky instead of just slaughtering everyone. Unfortunately this game crashes everytime I play it!!!! Even with my settings adjusted my framerates are too low to enjoy running around, I constantly find myself getting frusterated with the charecters lack of proper response when trying to traverse the side of buildings, and nothing is funner than a nice glitch that sends your charecter jumping to his death. It is really disappointing to know they had it so right in Assassins creed two, several games ago, and they somehow manage to screw it up. I will reccomend this game when it is playable."
76561198137346524,Not Recommended,289650,13520540,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,アンジェロ,"This game wont even start. Didn't start after the latest patch. Verified game cache, nothing happened. Last time I played I saw people floating and♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ broken game. DO NOT BUYYYYYYY"
,Not Recommended,289650,13791741,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Anerdson,"This game, has set me back about 400+ dollars. $70 for the game itself, and about $350 when i realized my graphics card was below the minimum system req. Yet I still can't play it. Do NOT get this game, if you value your money."
76561198145531854,Not Recommended,289650,14860381,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,kerryatog,"Very upset I've thrown away $116 on this game, lag is so bad its unplayable. Would not recommend this game to anyone infact i've told people not to buy it at all so thanks alot,  so disappointed  and angry."
,Not Recommended,289650,12932110,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,drab3n,"TLDR:Mostof the issues are fixable, the game is not totally lost,ifUbisoft continues work on the game and updates it.This game had a lot of promise and was described as a game that would breathe new life into the tired franchise, similar to CoD Advanced Warfare, but Unity seems to be just another generic following the same formula all Ubi games follow. I was a huge fan of Assassin's Creed, but seeing what the franchise has been turned into, this will be the last AC I purchase unless Ubireallysteps up their game.Movement: Arno's movement does seem a bit slower than previous games, but it is a trade-off, giving Arno more control so when you're running, you can make a quicker turn. The game has somewhat fixed the parkour system, where you now can hold a button to do your free-running, and if you hold Space, you'll continue to freerun but Arno will move a bit higher along whatever you're scaling as he gets the chance. If you hold E while running along a building, Arno will move lower as he gets opportunities where he will not receive damage, though moving down is a bit buggier and a lot quicker than moving up. On a couple occasions, moving town a building like a tower, Arno need to do a 90 degree turn in one direction, but instead does a 270 degree turn the other way, clipping right through the building and spinning strangely, ending up where he was supposed to. When it's not doing things like that, it isn't too bad, but moving lower is very abrupt, where you will randomly just leap off a ledge or something to some platform way below you, but just high enough you don't take damage. Sometimes Arno's hands will clip through ledges he is holding onto, because the building is designed to have a ledge that sticks out farther visually than it really does.Combat: The repetitive combat, composed of waiting until an enemy attacks, hit your counter button and get a counter kill, rinse and repeat until all enemies are dead, it's partially fixed. Now Arno will actually do a parry that can't be easily interrupted by other actions you want to do means you can't mash your counter button repeatedly. When an enemy attacks, his health bar flashes yellow, indicating your window to counter and get an attack in. Your movement (and also your enemies') during combat feels slower, actions taking much longer, and it feels like you and your enemies' weapons have weight to them, and it looks alright, but makes combat a lot more difficult, seeing as you can get hit while attacking someone else. There is a dodge mechanic that either you or an enemy can do, rolling on the ground, which takes a bit more skill but is not worth using due to how buggy it is. Depending on when you roll back, if an enemy was trying to attack yoy, sometimes they will jump through the air an impossible distance to still managing to hit you from far away. An enemy can also roll, but it's reversed for them, in that an enemy rolling = cannothit them, and the enemies love to roll in small rooms; an enemy can be corned in a room and continually roll, not moving in the actual room, simply doing a rolling animation while staying in place, forcing you to go back to waiting until they attack, countering, getting a hit in and going from there.Customization: The customization no longer requires you to go a shop or blacksmith, etc. to get new equipment, it is done by going to some menu when you pause the game and viewing your character and changing your equipment which changes your stats and you also look different. Your hood, jacket/coat, pants, shoes, gloves and weapons can all be changed which will change how Arno looks, and the perks are a bit more specific, listing things like your suspicion decreasing a certain percentage more or less. The issue with the way the important information is listed is that, rather than doing small icons or diamonds that are filled and will tell you ""Oh this sword does 7 out of 8 diamond things of damage"", they now use meters which are filled certain amounts, so when you compare lots of weapons to see which is better, you get confused, thinking ""Oh this sword's metre thing is pretty full, compared to that other sword that was really full but I think that other sword that was mostly full is better."" You need to buy these weapons and equipment using Francs, which is strange, considering there is no store so your money isn't really goingtoanyone, it just disappears. If you want to bypass this, you can spend Helix Points, this strange currency that you acquire by spending real-world money, which seems very unnecessary. The game is singleplayer/co-op, but there's no PvP where you want to be better or stronger than someone else, you have no need to have a sword better than your friend, it just seems like a random idea that was thrown in later to make more money.Graphics/Performance/Optimization: Nothing really special that's consistent through the game. Certain areas perform incredibly well, some drop you into single digit framerates, some stuff looks great, some areas look terrible, etc. I am currently running the game with an i7 4770K and a 780 Ti, using the latest Nvidia drivers which includes ""providing the best experience"" for Unity, if anything performance-wise changes, I will make sure to update this. The graphics options are not particularly expansive, but most settings are Low - Medium - High - Very High - Ultra High, and I can mostly get 60fps on Very High with 2x MSAA. The game mostly uses two models for everything, one being pretty good, the other being pure PS1 quality, at first making me question if my video card was defective. The game seems to be using these lower-detail models when you're farther away from them, but it switches to them much too soon. You can look down the street, see the first two buildings look pretty good, but the third looks awful. The cutscenes will focus on faces most of the time, and the faces look rather good in these, but your framerate plummits when you get very close to their face, and the rest of the stuff in the cutscene looks horrible. NPC pop-in and smaller objects pop in everywhere, and some people will magically appear once you're within a few metres of them, and some groups of people appear in the distance but you still see them pop in, and it's quite jarring. In a small room that had many NPCs, they all looked terrible, and I will include pictures below, and sometimes one would bump into another, and one NPC would suddenly be standing on another's shoulder or head. A lot of these visual issues seem like they can be fixed, hopefully.Story: So far the story has been a bit uneventful, spending about 20 minutes with Arno as a child (much better than AC3 being a young Connor for hours) and jumping to Arno as a young adult. So far Arno is aware of the Assassins and has poked some fun at them, which is a nice break from the games taking the Assassins vs Templars so seriously, but I'm not overly interested in this story at the moment, so I will play more and update this.Collectibles/Smaller things: Ubi seems to be trying to take a singleplayer/co-op game a very social experience, and it doesn't seem to be done very well. I walked up to a chest, and upon interacting with it, was told I needed the Assassin's Creed Unity Companion App, and there was no explanation following it. I went to a different chest and was told I needed Assassin's Creed Initiates; again, no explanation. I went to another chest and was told I need more ""Nomad"" points, and wasn't sure what that was, so I went to a fourth chest and was told my lockpicking skill wasn't high enough to open this chest. It seems an inconvenience, since you have tostopplaying the game, so you can do somethinginthe game?Summary: A currently broken but mostly-fixable game. Hopefully Ubi updates the game, some things are fixable but the microtransactions and apps/web games just seem shoe-horned in."
,Recommended,289650,23125463,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Cojo,"Honestly, I wish there was a 'sorta' option for this game. Because I sorta like it, but I also sorta dislike it.Pros:Graphics are phenomenalElise is the waifu of waifusCo-op is fun, when it worksParkour is fluid and fun, when glitches aren't weighing you downThe outfit customization is on pointI like the time period it's set inI appreciate what they were trying to do.Cons:Glitches, glitches errywhereYou remember those cool♥♥♥♥♥confession scenes once you killed a target? Where you get an insight into the character you've killed and their motivations? yeah those are gone.Combat is unnecessarily intricate. AC:Brotherhood was the best it's been, in the games I've played.You don't feel like an assaassin.Arno isn't as likeable as Altair, Ezio, or even Connor. YES, even Connor.Arno shows no remorse for killing his first hostile. Not even an ounce."
,Not Recommended,289650,13885500,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ThePirateBae,"If you are a die hard Assassins creed fan, go for it. I personally cannt get passed sequence 4 because i am having zero fun. The other ac games i could binge for days and days trying to unlock everything. This one i cannot even try the main story and get hooked. It may just be me but i do not like Arno. I do not like france. I think what throws me off the most is the combat system. It just seems blah. I see everyone complaining about graphics and crashing but i can play on utlra no problem and the game looks absolutely beautiful. However to me the gameplay is the ♥♥♥♥♥est it has been in a while. It went from the original ac looking at it knowing the series would be promising, then you look at how amazing it had gotten over the years for it to just go right back to the bottom."
,Not Recommended,289650,22186780,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Shutup868,"It frustrates me how bad this game is. The few good things I can say about this pale in comparison to all the bad things I'm constantly reminded of in the story and gameplay.Good things:-They overhauled the combat system. Ever since Revelations the combat in AC has been a total joke as no matter what strength of weapon you had you could just kill streak every enemy (with the exception of brutes or captains) and have no problem in combat. The new combat system is a nice idea, HOWEVER, the way it was executed could have been better. most of the times you have to wait for someone to attack you before you can actually do anything, and the parry system can be pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at times.-Back to one hidden blade. This may just be a personal thing for me, but Ezio getting the double hidden blades was really cool. Connor, Edward, and Shay also getting the double hidden blades was not so much. It was even made a point by one Templar in AC4 that two hidden blades was the standard, when it really should only be one. I'm glad Arno only had access to one hidden blade, HOWEVER later you can still unlock double assassinations, and they are so frustrating to execute with you having to be perfectly between two guards or you'll just end up killing one and alerting the other.-Up and Down Parkour: Ever get frustrated when you're trying to dismount a building and you end up leaping off and desynchronizing? I sure do. In this game you have the ability to parkour up buildings and then have a controlled descent down them. A nice touch, I don't really have any complaints about this one.Bad things:-The story in general. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ Arno and Elise are just not interesting characters. The plot has next to nothing to actually do with the French Revolution, much unlike Connor and the American Revolution. Meanwhile there's nothing going in present day either. All you are is some random person along with hundreds of other ""Initiates"".-Stealth is a joke. After around sequence 4 I got so bored with the game I just wanted to finish it as quickly as possible. Most of the time I found I could just sneak past everything with a disguise ability that makes no sense and is really stupid, or I could just charge through a restricted area and throw smoke bombs everywhere, assassinate my target, and run. It gives you all these little side opportunities for infiltration or distraction, but none of them are necessary at all. Not to mention there are hardly any optional objectives to stay undetected or out of combat.-Nothing new. There are absolutely no new things they added to this game. All they did was take things out. There aren't even Brotherhood/Fleet missions to do on the side. All you can do is Co-Op, which brings me to another point.-Co-Op. It's pointless and♥♥♥♥♥♥ None of the missions have anything to do with the Co-Op mechanic. The Heist missions you can easily do by yourself, and the regular Co-Op missions are boring and short. I had a bit of fun with the Co-Op for a while, but you quickly run out of missions and end up with nothing to do.-Gadgets. At the end of sequence 3 you unlock the ""Phantom Blade"", which is essentially just a glorified crossbow with terrible range. That's the only new gadget in the game. All the others are just previous gadgets or things only meant for Co-Op, like group healing or a cache for group resupply. For a game with an entirely new engine it's really sad that this game added less to the series then Rogue added to AC4 as practically a half AC title on the same engine.I could go on, but I just don't want to talk about this game anymore. This adds nothing to the AC series and can be completely skipped outright."
,Not Recommended,289650,12929730,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,willywhippersnap,Good game but crashes a lot which ruins immersion.
,Not Recommended,289650,13010937,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,cuckmaster,"I am a huge fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise...but what the ♥♥♥♥ even is this game? I crash probably every 20 minutes in the damn game, the plot in this game is just horrible, and it's so historically inaccurate. It's unplayable. I wish I could refund this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198059647948,Not Recommended,289650,12968528,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,LucaSplash,I just want frame rate! and to be able to finish a mission without falling through the floor
76561197991847619,Not Recommended,289650,12890728,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bubblerap,"As of launch, not able to play AT ALL. Stuttering is horrible. Game looks awesome visually. Will update after patch."
76561198100635259,Not Recommended,289650,14858533,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Aztec,"got it on sell, i seen the reviews i didnt want to belive it was a bad game and its not! its just glitchy as hell ruins the game and is never going to get fixed is just how the game is.......what a FAIL"
,Recommended,289650,15093978,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,vwollschlaeger,"Well ...AC:Unity wasn't a bad game!Arno and Elise are very likable, the city (Paris) is a wonderful setting!And while the main story feels short (compared to AC2/Black Flag) it is actually fine for me.Short: It's a fine game!(no - i don't point at logic problems within the story, weird things in general... it's still a game not a movie)- I like the open missions and harder fights and improved (at time buggy) stealth!- I like the 'heist' / 'murder mysteries' quests.- I love the setting and i can't stress this enough.- I like also that AI doesn't seem to have a hive-mind (FarCry3/4)- I like Arno (that wouldn't be important when we wouldn't had AC3 - i (personally) hated Conner)Technicals....The game is technical impressive - when it runs that is!- that being said -I could play AC:Unity on the late 2013 Retina Macbook Pro (2.3ghz Core i7 Quad-Core / 16GB Ram / 2GB GDDR5 Geforce 750 GT), running Windows 8.1 update 1 & and the latest nVidia driverwith mixed setting from low to medium to high in 720p.(high detail but low detail shadows and sadly no AO or Anti-Aliasing)And that's the first game where i would like to have AO and Anti-Aliasing!The game runs mostly with 30 fps.There was a point where i made 40 fps (v1.3 or 1.4) due the broken GI. - which i think was interesting - technically.honestly..Since my computer is mainly a working machine i don't care.I see also the game isn't the best optimised one (like AC3 back the days)Doing game engine development / games my self, i really can overlook this issue in the end.Crossplatform development in general is a dauting and complicated task.I guess even with extra months of development we wouldn't have a perfect game.See update 1.5. Anvil Next might be ready for primetime with Assassin's Creed Victory (a year later)."
76561198043095135,Not Recommended,289650,12920931,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Phantasm,its terrible at the moment (hoping that they improve it)
76561198030754801,Not Recommended,289650,12921916,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,icky,"buggy, poor performance, low frames, new combat system sucks and poor performance just wrecks it more, crafting? cut scenes still fail but hey its ubisoft... get used to it, the automated running system has u running up all kinds of stuff unintentionally which is also exasperated by the glitchy graphics, etc etc etc"
,Not Recommended,289650,12920882,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,wwolfram,"No English language? Really? When I pre-purchased this game on Steam, Enlish WAS in a list of languages, so does it now — WITHOUT any notifications of regional restrictions!I understand that UbiSoft CAN afford to neglect and ignore their customers. Alright then, in return I won't buy their products anymore."
,Not Recommended,289650,12920954,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Darthstef,"Is there a way to get a refund?  This game doesn't work for me, I cant see anything because of some fog."
,Recommended,289650,30163801,Posted: 25 February,all,Mahmoud,I bought this game just to play the co op missions with friends and I really enjoyed every single one of them.The graphic is just amazing!
,Not Recommended,289650,15055526,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Mogs,"I fell into the trap and bought it on a steam sale thinking ""maybe it will work and not suck and if it doesn't who cares because it was cheaper!""Even at a discount, this isn't worth the frustration of trying to get the game to work. It's now been many months since the initial buggy release and many patches but it is still plagued with major game breaking errors. I've been troubleshooting the last hour on how to not to crash directly after loading my only save.The most dissapointing part of this game is not the game itself but the fact that I got suckered into throwing money at it despite all the warnings."
,Recommended,289650,31003325,Posted: 7 April,all,$ýnd!¢@t€Kn!Ght™,"The world at the core of Unity is much denser than anything we’ve seen before in the series. There’s no loose overworld connecting disparate cities or the high seas to sail your boat on, the entirety of AC Unity is heavily urban. Paris itself is a sight to behold, and Ubisoft has really pushed the boat out in creating a believable cityscape, comfortably outdoing anything in the series before. The increase NPC count is the most noticeable addition and it adds a real air of business and chaos to proceedings, with streets actually appearing chock full of people jostling for position amid the hubbub.Overall world detail is fantastic and Unity is easily one of the better looking games out there, particularly in respect to the vastness of its open-world. While there’s obvious repetition at times Ubisoft has done a good job of keeping the environments varied, and there’s enough focal points and landmarks to distract from the copycat houses jutting into the streets.In AC Unity there’s the usual treasure chests to track down, this time with some gated off behind advanced lock picking techniques or insanely accurate rhythm skills. Then there’s the Cockades, which act as a marginally more interesting alternative to Animus fragments, and collecting them all does actually do something this time around.The rest of the map is littered with activities, which range from murder mysteries to Nostradamus riddles, co-operative heists, Paris Stories, rifts, and more. There’s an overabundance of things to do and you’ll doubtful be left wanting for content, helped in part by the co-op missions which are repeatable for additional loot.The heists are a little neater, and have a renewed on stealth, the only problem being that being spotted and an alarm bell going can desynchronize the event for everyone and force a restart. Ultimately stealth games rely on patience, so once you have four people playing together online, patience invariably goes out the window, so you’re going to need quite a tight knit group of mates to get the most out of this experience. Playing each mission nets you one of three bits of loot though, encouraging multiple replays to get all the kit available.Ah, the loot. Equipment plays a far bigger role in Assassin’s Creed this time around. As a player you are ranked on a 5 point scale in regards to the quality of the gear you are equipped with. Everything from weapons to bracers, belts and chest plates comes with its own unique stats, providing boosts to the likes of stealth, hitpoints, damage, and more. Each subset has dozens upon dozens of equippable items, ranging from just a few hundred of the in-game currency to upwards of 250,000. Both gear and money are more important than ever before in the series, and you’ll finally be actually thankful for the cash you’re grabbing from chests. Using new gear on your character can make a noticeable different, extending the segments of your health bar or ensuring you can take down some of the weaker enemies in just a single sword swipe.Ranged enemies in particular can wipe you out in just a couple of shots, lending a renewed focus to stealth and the use of cover. It means you have to pick your fights carefully and make use of all the tools at your disposal, whether they be Phantom Blade’s, Cherry Bombs, or a good old fashioned mace to the face.The stealth overhaul feels like a real step back to the roots of what an assassin should be, forcing you to think through each counter and opening up the opportunity for some slick maneuvers. This is reinforced by the return of the dynamic assassination missions. One early mission has you taking down a target inside Notre Dame, the opening segment informing you there’s 11 different entry points, one signature kill method and a bunch of side missions to help you if you see fit. Pickpocketing a guard in a pub outside can give you the keys to just waltz on in, while clambering onto the roof can see you sneak in through a handily placed window. In here you can drop down on your target from the rafters, or you could kill off the priest and take his place in the confession booth, stabbing your target through the head before calmly leaving as his personal guard watch on, blissfully unaware.Now, performance is a  real sticking point. Assassin’s Creed Unity is undeniably gorgeous game, with the hustle and bustle of street life every bit as jaw dropping as the stunning vistas atop sync points. Texture pop-in is also an issue, particularly in the crowds. Up close the citizens of Paris looking wonderful, but stray more than 15 feet or set and the detail begins to drop dramatically, and you all too quickly realise they’ve resorted to a stock set of a handful of character models, simply differentiated by the colour of their clothing.This game is so good that I feel like I am in the game the display quality and the graphics of this game are out of the world and looks extremely real to me. Stealth is given more importance in this game.You cannot go rushing and kill a bunch of templars.here is a fantastically entertaining experience, and I ultimately enjoyed being immersed in its world."
,Not Recommended,289650,22069628,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Dr. Phil,"I liked to have thought that after two years of being on the market the game would be playable.However, what started as repeated crashes to desktop in every cutscene turned into repeated crashes in-game, followed by UPlay failing to start at all and culminating in a grand finale of the game refusing to launch.Long story short: Still buggy, possibly moreso in Windows 10 and the only useful official advice I found from Ubisoft was to delete my contacts in Uplay which, when  I bought the game for the co-op, is a no-go. Some people may still have have luck with it, but for me the price tag of $12 was definitely too high which is why I signed on for a refund."
76561198126323255,Not Recommended,289650,14569738,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,dhamisfire,"i love assassins creed and all. and this game was a pretty good game. but as for as bugs go, its nearly unplayable. I have a good computer and on medium/low graphics, the game will lag every five seconds literally. I know ubisoft is trying to fix it but ive downloaded 20 gb of updates and it hasnt fixed it. Also, the latest update broke the game, i cant even play the game now after i update it. If the game is fixed then i would rate it 5 star but until then its at a 1"
76561198043164720,Not Recommended,289650,12944604,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Lil_Battle_ship,Dont buy this game the game is to glichy NEEDS TO BE FIXED!
76561198085746212,Not Recommended,289650,12957233,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Inigo Montoya,"My Specs:i7 4790k @ 4.7GHz, 8GB 1866Mhz, AMD HD7850 x 2 (crossfire) 2GB VRAM, Windows 8.1I haven't upgraded my GPUs in some time because so far I haven't had the need to do so. I am able to play pretty much every game on high to ultra settings and get a smooth 60FPS. In most games the performance of my system is comparable to a GTX770 if not better, yet in AC Unity my performance was:Min FPS: 18Max FPS 43Avg FPS: 25Even when I set the game to the lowest settings, my Avg FPS went up to 28I even tried reducing the resolution to 1600x900 and still my game ran in the mid 40s (dipping down to mid 20s in some scenes)I have no idea how people are still going on completeing missions. I could not go for more than 5 mins at a time before pausing the game, lowering the settings and trying again. Nothing works. I have spent a ton of money building a decent gaming PC in hopes that i can play the AAA titles at medium to high settings but this is just unacceptable. This is not just a PC issue, its the same for all platforms so I doubt that any patches or updates will drastically improve the performance of this game. If you are thinking about buying this game then don't. wait a few months till Ubisoft does some sinificant performance updates and till this game goes on sale on steam. It is not worth wasting $60, if I had known better I would have waited till this game was on sale for $8 or something."
,Not Recommended,289650,12920660,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Shroomcloud,This game isn't done; see other reviews for details.
,Not Recommended,289650,24151276,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AirRai,"This game is terrible. Please don't buy it. I got it on sale and I'm still regreting my purchase.Pros:-Conan O'brien made me laugh on Clueless Gamer-Visuals (It looks pretty when you aren't moving or near crowds)Cons:-Microtransactions (They make it super hard to unlock stuff so people will buy with real money, scumbags)-Uplay required-Unstable FPS-crashes a lot-Combat System sucks-Pushing for co-op way too much (None of my friends bought this POS and its nearly impossible to solo those co-op missions)"
,Not Recommended,289650,12889100,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Scully,This game shames the AC series
76561197998155713,Not Recommended,289650,12893872,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,elandre123,"i paid 100$ for the gold version and the game doesnt even work. I can start the first cinematic, but it crashes after 10 secondsé it is not normal I have an alienware pc with a i7 processor and a GTX 760. it is sad"
,Not Recommended,289650,12908523,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Allen,"Only ""No"" For now, i have a top of the line gaming deasktop and it runs horribly, i am very soon getting a Razer Blade Pro. When i get this new computer i will try to play it, if it runs or doesn't run good, i will post here again.(Other than the FPS with Crowds and fighting, i love these games, i just made the mistake of getting it for PC.)"
,Not Recommended,289650,20216018,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Cocky,The game world is great though the story does a pretty miserable job of explaining the French Revolution and honestly I couldn't keep up with who was who as the story was just 100% total dogshit. Arno is not a memorable character and you'll be happy to see the end of him when you finish.Probably the only Assassin's Creed game I rushed to finish ASAP so I wouldn't have to keep playing the thing.Best part of the whole game is the rift scenarios where you are trapped between servers and see memories from other time periods. That was interesting. Don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,289650,12937542,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,amir115,"A lot of bags and glitches!!! you better buy the first assassin's creed. Buy this only if you have the strongest computer in the world and even then try to play it in medium graphics... you have failed me, Ubisoft:-("
76561198296900724,Recommended,289650,28634725,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,lhjune316,fun co op experience
,Recommended,289650,32946182,Posted: 28 June,all,Mukar,"Before I begin: Yes, the game is mostly fixed but sadly still has poor optimization.Assassin's Creed Unity is, for the most part, a normal Assassin's Creed game with a Ubisoft Open World. However, the game offers more difficult and interesting combat, better parkour, gorgeous graphics and incredible customization alongisde a decent Shakespherean drama starring Flynn Rider from Disney's Tangled and Merideth from Brave. Not to mention Paris feels very, VERY alive. It's breathtaking honestly.While the optimization might not be great, I can run the game at 4k 40fps on High settings (There's not much visual difference between High, Very High, and Ultra High to begin with, but they do require a lot more power to run smoothly). Additionally, I haven't experienced any stability issues. Certainly no crashes, and surprisingly, no bugs.Overall it's probably the best Assassin's Creed game I've ever played. With everything it has to offer, it's a shame the game was plagued by a rocky launch and resulting poor reviews. I'd say that if your system is above the recommended settings (yes, above not just at), then you should be able to run the game fine and is definitely worth picking up while on sale.NOTE: Performance based on GTX 1070, i7 6700k processor and 16GB RAM. Performance across different setups may vary, batteries not included."
,Not Recommended,289650,12892124,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SaUcErS pLaNeT,"I FOUND A FIXat least for my case, a problem with crashing upon loading of a savei updated my driver and nothing happened, so i simplyuninstalled my driverreinstalled itupdated it againrestarted pclaunched gameloaded save and no crashnow i can play the game!!! but stillskippy frames, bad lag at some pointscomment below if this hepled you get your game to work and let you play it :Dsorry for any grammer mistakes or anything of that matter, but this is just my opinion of the GAME MECHANICS / PERFORMANCE, i havent even gotten a chance to see what the story is like!!!!!! DO NOT BUYYY!!!So, i have beena fan since AC 1, all the way too AC 3, brotherhood, revelations, and blackflag, although i havent played liberation or rogue, im pretty sure they are wayyyy better then this one.I open this game after spending hours downloading the37.7 GBsneeded to play this game (around50 gbspace for install). A soon as i open it, uplay launcher had problems for me, then when i finally get into the game, i notice instantly, the worst frames i have ever had in any AC game before!!! I tone it down to med (was on high on default) but still bad frames, i keep fiddling with it and finally just resort to all low graphic options and even changing my res from 1920 x 1080 to 1280x720 and still,bad frames.On top of that my game crashes as soon as i load my save!!!!! i orginally loaded up the game and it crashed within 15 minutes or so? before i finished the first mission (i get to the part where you have to climb the chapel? or some building and it crashed)But this game is apitiful excuse of an assassins creed game,i love the concept of coop story mode[/i]. i have wanted that since day one (AC 1) But this, id rather have another solo game with more effort and stable then this peice OF♥♥♥♥♥♥UBISOFT needs to get there stuff together, because i amNO LONGER PRE-ORDING they're games.[/u]I WASTED 60$$ DO NOT BUYYY!!!i feel bad for anyone who bought the 89$ season pass pack, they wasted even more money.All in all,FIX YOUR GAME Ubisoft.Update---- its been an hour and still nothing, updated nvidia drivers, everything set to low, resolution and graphics, even turned off blood fx!!! still NOTHING WORKS!!!!! ------"
,Recommended,289650,13223147,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dincht,"I bought a new GPU for this game, and it's been a blast.They removed hunting animals & sailing which I hate in the previous games (AC III & AC IV), it's like back to Ezio's world but with much, much, much, and much better environment (hence the minimum requirements). And the combat system is definitely much harder, and it is good, but the best thing from this game is the new co op multiplayer.The only thing I hate in this game is the companion app, because you can't beat the game 100% unless you play this bugfest app. What a nightmare."
,Not Recommended,289650,12891075,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Johnny Paper,"Don't buy the game has to many gliches and bugs, it is even reported running choppy on consoles"
,Recommended,289650,24213653,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Your Pal Brian,"So, to curb all of the hate - the game is decently solid. It is a pretty good storyline, and I enjoy it. The only real flaw I found with the game is the combat has changed. Each enemy is a separate fight. You can't get a kill from a combo or link kill after kill. It is slash under they are dead, change target, slash until they are dead. Firearms are now a standard weapon for your enemies. During a fight, they'll start pulling out guns. One or two hits - you're dead. Get ready to drop smoke bombs a lot.I bought the game on sale, and I don't regret it. It was a bit different gameplay, but the storyline was enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,289650,15815270,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,positivestress,"I love the Assassin's Creed series and I really wanted to like this game, but thanks to the massive performance issues Unity has made it onto the list of games I truly regret purchasing. My fault for ignoring what everyone was saying about it, I guess. Syndicate is going to have to get some amazing reviews when it comes out or I think I'm done giving my money to this franchise."
,Not Recommended,289650,13799271,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,johnbenston,"Well the gameplay seemed fun I didn't personally have any real framerate issues personally. Well then why am I giving this a bad review? Well to put it simple bugs ruined what could have been a really great experience for me, if you want more details keep reading.-I've fallen through the map-I've lost my save file on the cloud-After turning off cloud saving my new file became corrupted-Sometimes I encounter a bug which causes nothing but my map and pausing to work-I can't open initiate chests now that I'm not saved on the cloud-various other bugsNon bug related things I hated about the game-Microtransactions?-The companion app, yes it's useful and I like the idea but certain chests in game are not obtainable unless you use the app. The app also has a premium version... It's not needed for anything in game from what I understand but seriously?-If you die the spot you marked on your map disappears.-In my opinion the interface could be better-only 1 save file slotThere are some good things though+Granted I'm only on sequence 3 the plot seems really interesting so far+Freerun has been improved in my opinion+there are now skills you can unlock, I haven't progressed far but it seems pretty solid so far+Combat is harder, the counter kill and chain kill skills are gone but I kind of felt it should have been a high level skill instead of leaving entirely+The game looks great+pretty great animationsAgain the game seemed pretty good when it worked, I just can't recommend this game until all the bugs I have run into are fixed. I have asked some people if they have founded a fix and the general responses I get are ""Get a better computer"" and ""Use patch 4"" I am using patch 4 and I certainly don't need a new computer to play this. If These issues are fixed I will glady update my review once I finish the game but until then I will wait for patch 5 and hope that it fixes many of these problems."
76561198037814967,Not Recommended,289650,12927472,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Noodle,I'm having nightmares because of the characters' mesh bug...'5 nights at Freddy's'/10P/S: I can't play co-op :(
,Recommended,289650,29357946,Posted: 19 January,all,Ghost,"This game worked for me without a single crash,Story line : 8.5 / 10Graphics : 9.5 / 10Optimization : 8 / 10Recommended if u have a PC that meets at least minimum requirements."
,Not Recommended,289650,23737536,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Gauss,"I like playing Assassin's Creed games. I like playing what I call, collecting games. I like running around cities or places collecting things, doing missions, ect. I have played every Assassin's Creed game before this. Black Flag was easily my favorite, with Assassin's Creed 3 being a low point for me.I do not like this game. I am not a 100% sure what it is. Could be the crappy framerate I am getting compared to other similar games. It could be that the game feels like it has no substance. You see, in order to push the multiplayer part of the game, the non story missions feel much more shallow than before. You go talk to someone, there is no cutscene, just them talking to you while you stand there. Then you go and do some task for them (pick up x, kill y, ect.). That is pretty much it. I couldn't bring myself to continue playing this game.The combat has changed a little bit, it is a little bit harder in a good way, but my camera felt so zoomed in during combat that I would get hit by guys off screen because I couldn't see them so that I could counter them. That was pretty lame.The only innovation I saw was the detective missions where you go and look for clues for a crime in several locations. That is pretty cool.Overall a pretty bland game in my opinion. You are best skipping this entry to the Assassin Creed series."
76561197970674314,Not Recommended,289650,21988275,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,victorvacendak,"Let me start with saying I am a fan of the first Assassin's Creed game and this is the worst game of the series (close to being the worst game I've ever played). The terrible controls (on PC), the countless glitches that force the player to restart the whole memory. The story is the usual borefest, and the fact that there is only two locations (Versaille is too small to be taken seriously): Paris and the underworld of Franciade, aka Saint-Denis (available as a free DLC for everyone who bought the original game) makes it the least interesting game of the series. Just because there are thousands of collectable items on the map, it is far from interesting (after the 500th locked chest or cockade it is kind of annoying). The missions are way too repetitive (just like all the other Ubisoft adventures for example FarCry 2-3-4 - retrieve this, escort that, kill this, steal that multiplied by 100, thank God the pathetic hunting missions are left out this time). The only thing that is actually a welcome change of pace is the mission sequence called the Murder Investigation. It is not too original, almost identical to what we've already seen in the Arkham series. Only this time the protagonist uses his Eagle Vision instead of the good old Detective Vision and the finding the culprit takes a little brainwork.The aforementioned controls... Freerunning is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Sometimes Arno just doesn't wanna jump straight ahead, instead hops sideways onto objects or off the roof (interestingly when the same action is the intent, he refuses to do so). Entering a window can also be a challenge, especially when under pressure by enemies and every second counts as they are shooting at Arno. It is easy to get stuck, and sometimes a knee-high object can be impossible for Arno to get over (a rock or tomb stone of pointy roof of a house). He has to walk around (again, when he is involved in a chase this small hick-up can mean the difference between success and failure. Controls weren't the strong point of any previous AC game, but this time it is beyond frustrating.The glitches... Visual glitches are not really present anymore (I guess the numerous patches helped fixing the texture loading problems). But AI and physics glitches still represent a huge issue. Cut scenes or objective markers are not triggering, again resulting in a nice reload of the whole mission.The game looks beautiful, Ubisoft's Anvil Next 2.0 is doing an excellent job, but at what cost? The frame rates are sub optimal on a high-end system. And the interesting part is that it doesn't matter if the settings are lowered to let's say 1280x720, no AA, no AF, everything set to low, certain locations still will be choppy (reminds me of Ubi's other high profile product: Watch Dogs, different game engine, same optimalization problems). I've seen console videos on Youtube, and even though the framerate is set to 30 fps and visual effects seem to be inferior compared to the PC, choppiness is definitely an issue there too.And the biggest issue is yet another reinvented combat system. Ever since the first game each iteration introduced a tiny bit of change to the battle. The blocking for example was different (on PC) for Altair, for Ezio and for Connor/Edward/Patrick. But it seemed to have worked. At least for me. It was still challenging to take on a bunch of heavies/brutes with rifleman surrounding the clash. But it always provided with a sense of well earned security for my assassin. That he was a superior fighter and could take on anybody. Now, in Unity, it all was meant to be rebuilt. Was it? Well, everything that was good got dumped for a new clumsy, fencing type of combat. During a sword fight even with the perfect parry (replacing the counter move), it is impossible to kill with that fluency like before. Even lowly guards could be tough to kill, not to mention a group of angry guards unless the player has a five star (maybe diamond?) equipmet rating. And the officers and brutes, who are capable of blocking every move Arno makes (unless the weapon mastery skill is bought). No more combo kills, a smoke bomb doesn't change Arno's stance to be able to use the hidden blade on multiple enemies simultanously. All the fun's gone from the fight. What is the logic behind this? Shouldn't a master assassin be capable of dealing with more than one enemy at the same time? Should a master assassin be a superior fighter than the army trained soldiers?A new cover system is also introduced. Well, new to Assassin's Creed, anyways. It's the one that has been used by other Ubi products, like Watch Dogs or Splinter Cell, where a press of a button is needed to enter and exit cover or a low profile. Only, while moving cover to cover works relatively well in those other two, though in Unity, since there is no indicator as to where exactly Arno could move, the result is disastrous. And also, in WD and SC the day/night cycle or the lack of light influences the enemy AI's perception, here night or day becomes irrelevant if you choose to sneak around. Enemies can see you well at night too. So the night setting is purely for the esthetics or the mood, nothing more. And yet, the bigest disappointment is the fact that you are no longer able to pick up and hide bodies! What kind of a silly notion is that in a game which promotes stealth?Kills, perfect parries, evasion (vanishing), cover kills etc. give XP which over time changes the player's rank from Recruit to Legend. But this doesn't seem to affect the players abilities (Arno doesn't run or climb faster etc.). To be able to fight or sneak more efficiently the player has to buy and upgrade clothing and weapons. So what's the point of all that XP? Skills can't be bought, since for the skills Ubi invented a currency (three to be precise). You have money (Livres) of course to buy stuff (no more self-healing, the potion is back!), and then there are Creed Points to upgrade the stuff you buy, the Sync Points to upgrade the skills (of course the skill tree is closed, even if one possesses the points necessary to buy a skill cannot do so until te end of Memory 9, when all the skills become available). And the Helix points are a sort of microtransaction currency to buy extras, like time saver packs. Helix points are actually sold by Ubisoft for real money, so if you bought the original game around its release for 50 or more of your currency, and you still want some of the extras, well, this game could set you back as much as a 150 euros off the bat.For the skill points (Creed Points) the player has to complete the main story missions and the co-op missions. The co-op missions are usually very hard, requiring 2-4 players, but not not impossible if you wish to play them alone . But the glitches sometimes render the co-op session moot by the usual disappearing objective marker. Communication with your team members is impossible. Since it is a console port, no in-game chat is available. Third-party voice chat would be preferable, but for 10 minutes of play with random people it is not really an option, especially, since it is mostly static or broken with big delays. Via Uplay it is possible to chat, but during the action it is not too practical. A simple (unreal Tournament like) text function within the game could have been sufficient. It's been a couple years since the game's release, so don't expect to find too many players online ready to join you.My score: 65% (only recommended for hard-core collectors who purchased all the previous ones)"
,Recommended,289650,17488532,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Serbian_Wolf1389,"Hi guys,When i first tried to play this game i was running it on my old graphics card the GTX 690 and it wasn't playing well and lived up to all the negative expectations as others have described.However i have since upgraded to a EVGA 980Ti SC and still using the same CPU (i7 3770k) and im getting a solid 60 - 80 FPS with all the settings maxed out including AA (which i know i dont need to max out for this time but why the hell not).Game is beautiful and the story is fantastic.  I'm doing all the side missions now and then will do Dead Kings DLC as well.  Loving the attention to detail with the buildings in Paris and this game really brings back the true meaning of Assassin's Creed.  Rogue and Black Flag are still great games but they are more open world an more about ship battles which is cool in its own way.But playing Unity really does bring back memories of Assasins creed 2 and Revelations.  Climbing all those historic buildings is awesome as is reading about them (to a certain degree.  this game kind of overdoes the descriptions but its no big deal).Anyway guys TL;DR if you have a good graphics card then you'll enjoy this game, if you don't, it simply won't run well for you and you'll be upset."
,Recommended,289650,33714072,Posted: 21 July,all,NegNoodles,"Pros:Amazing graphicsRelatively engaging and interesting narrativeRevamped parkour and fluid free running system. Absolutely loved the new parkour up/down featuresAccess to essentially every single legacy outfit there isCons:Graphically demanding, poorly optimizedNo replay value. There's literally nothing to do after you're done the main story. Aside from farming gear, there's actually no engaging side missions. I found no reason to play this game after I've collected all of the weapons and armor.The trailer was very misleading. I always assumed we would have access to four different assassins, and would've gotten a chance to explore the storyline of each assassin. Sadly, we're only able to play ArnoDespite the minor technical issues and the lack of replay value, this is still my favourite AC thus far. The drawbacks are not as noticeable as the game itself is actually quite amazing. The graphics is amazing, the narrative is relatively engaging and interesting, the parkour and free running system is probably the more fluid next gen game (VS Syndicate's horrible system). In this game, parkour has been made significantly easier with the newly implemented parkour up/down system, which allows you  to scale buildings with more ease. The ability to gain access to virtually every single legacy outfit is a huge plus as well. I strongly believe that this ""tradition"" is one of the more important elements of the game, and it's a huge pity that Syndicate decided to only introduce 2 of the many possible legacy outfits.This game attempts to bring back the ""old-school"" combat that was seen in the first AC game, and I really like it. I'm also a huge fan of the wide variety of customization items available. However, it's a real pity that this game had so much potential yet Ubisoft decided to just downgrade it as usual. Even the mission we saw in a trailer/walkthrough at some gaming convention was designed specifically for showcasing the game. It wasn't even in the final game. Nor were the other 3 assassins that worked alongside Arno. It's a disappointment that this game could've been so much better, with the newly reworked parkour system, new graphical engine, the vast open world, and the co-op missions."
76561198052133343,Not Recommended,289650,12934119,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Steven,"My computer has pretty end graphics, the gameplay is nice (despite the quite occasional bug), but is very choppy. I had to configure everything to the lowest to even get a decent play. Which is sad. The previous AC games I could play very well at high settings, but not this one.So, hold off until there are some patches out to fix this.Climbing is a b&!""è&ç BTW! In previous games you could just hop on a wall, or climb on a window. Here, no such thing... Trying to scale the church (in the tutorial section) is very difficult now. Which takes the fun away from all the climbing. I can see anchor points where the character *could* hang on to, but doesn't want? Even though it's like shoulder height. Just run in the wall and jump to that point... No, doesn't work. Need to climb somewhere else first and then come back to that same point and then he can hang on it? Really, not very good!For now my recommendation is: don't buy until most of the bugs are fixed. I know I regret buying it so soon."
,Not Recommended,289650,12934372,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Pulp,"The game is one big let down. The pc version of the game as a bad console port and isnt optimized at all. The game is full of bugs and glitches, and huge framedrops during cutscenes and standard gameplay."
,Not Recommended,289650,12930939,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Prince Akion,"Just bought the gold edition and boy do I feel stupid. I have everything set to LOW, and ran every other AC game on Ultra, so wtf is this with the shadow flashing, and my head leaving my body etc... I hope I did not waste my money, and that they fix the problems in this game or I will not be buying the next one!Until they fix these problems, and stop blaming AMD, I suggest you not only look away but run away. Maybe even throw in some parkour."
,Not Recommended,289650,12917561,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Lockenoir,"-Former review removed.-Disclaimer: Spoilers ahead. Not that it matters.After buying it on PS4, and Playing through the entire game. I feel its only right to tell you all the truth.This game is not worth the money they're asking.Allow me to summarize the entirety of Assassin’s Creed Unity. Because you know what? There’s literally no reason to complain about spoilers here, not if you’re a fan of the original series.Premise of the game:Go find out if this guy found a sage (ancient alien dude reborn as a human) so we can get to his body before the templars do.Main game:12 frickton sequences of annoying endless objectives and difficult enemies.Ending:OH HAHA ARNO DUMPED THE BODY IN WITH ALL THE THOUSANDS OF SKELETONS UNDER PARIS IN THE CATACOMBS. LOOK AT THAT. WE DIDNT NEED YOU AFTER ALL.Credits roll.No modern gameplay.Pointless main story.Absolutely no substantial reason as to why this game was so insanely hyped as the next big step in the Assassin’s Creed Story.Congratulations. We all jumped the bandwagon, and bought a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ spinoff for no reason other than good combat mechanics and multiplayer co-op.Oh. Look at that, we bought CoD.Mind you, I’ve been a huge fan of this series since its conception,Hell, I even love Assassin’s Creed III. Which is widely accepted as one of the worst games in the series.But you know what? No. I ♥♥♥♥ing loved Assassin’s Creed III. Handholding and all.But this game? ♥♥♥♥. This game was the biggest waste of my time.I’ve never been so disappointed by an Assassin’s Creed game. In my entire life.Oh, and Elise dies. That’s right. The great big lovely romance Ubisoft promised us? Barely touched upon, and when it finally starts to get rolling? She gets killed. Whoopdeefrikkindoo."
76561198130915153,Not Recommended,289650,12960562,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,KingHowie,on my pc this game is very lag-y  and also it will start but when i get to the gameplay it goes to this scratchy messed up screen    ubisoft neeeds to fix this
76561198075320039,Not Recommended,289650,12917537,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,drizzthu,"I love AC, but this game is a hot steaming pile of crapola.Ubisoft... get yourself together.1- ridden with bugs, crashes and fps drops. And i mean lots, if u can even get the game to launch.2- why paris, i still dont understand this. The gameplay is fun for a couple hours and then it starts to feel like a boring version of AC2 with a sorry excuse for coop.3- Arno is more boring then Connor in my opinion. I find most of the side characters to have more depth then him.4- last but not least, ALL THE HYPE. Oh and the Embargo. -.- save your money ppl. Just give up on AAAs"
,Not Recommended,289650,12917382,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,They Dont Own My Asshole,"This is horrible, everyone must stay away at all costs. I cannot even run it at HD, I have to set it at 480p with all low graphics settings for it to run  at sub 10 fps. Keep in mind that I can run ARMA 3 on medium at 1080p and I will get at least 30 fps."
76561198050553550,Not Recommended,289650,12917539,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,BattlePants,I've fallen through the ground atleast 20 ♥♥♥♥ing times every single time I've played the game.
,Recommended,289650,30741095,Posted: 25 March,all,GT_Explosion,"Have been played this for a long time and i can be sure that this is the best game in assassin's creed series about combat. The combat is fluent and smooth, can be challenging from time to time but with enough practice you can find yourself almost invincible. The combat is definetly harder than other assassin's creed game but i think it's the right way ubisoft chose to go."
76561198071032013,Recommended,289650,23932300,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,oscarbuffalo,I don't know how bad it was at launch but right now it's really good. I've put some time into singleplayer and co-op and i think it is one of the betters in the series.
76561198024744760,Not Recommended,289650,12952068,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Micka,"Right now the game is not worth 60€ (even less 90€).Even with a690GTX+16GB+SDD(1080 High resolution, not even the maximum) the framerates are unstable,it drops and blocks for no reasonjust by moving the camera around your head. it is especially annoying when moving on the roofs, it will most certainly block when you will turn or about to jump, making you go far away from where you planned. that's killing it.the graphics looks good for sure, but you can't appreciate it with this ""frame-block"" every 15-20 sec.They already realeased patch2, I don't even want to imagine how it was before.About the climbing attitude:you don't need to think at all, run over the roofs, over the walls, there is no way you can fail. If you jump to a place a bit to far away, you will literally fly to reach it, no worries. The previous assassin's creeds were more technical, I liked it. Now it is so easy that the map feels flat.I miss the times where games were realeased at once. No updates, No patches. Just a good, well tested game at once.It feels like BF4; so not tested, so laggy that it kills the gameplay. Ubisoft is not better than EA with this game, they do the same♥♥♥♥♥♥Now fix the game, and I'll recommand it. Because good stories and gorgeous graphics can't be appreciated with so much glitches."
76561198081192115,Not Recommended,289650,12921295,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,stubby twanga,"i bought this game hoping to get the same fun expereince i have come to known playng AC... I didn't... at all. the cutscences are glitchy as, the parkour is terrible, and theres alot of lag. After a couple patches (i say couple but you might want to wait for 3 or 4) it might get better, but for now STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME."
76561198005888133,Not Recommended,289650,12968669,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Dλnte,To many lags and bugs for a finished product. Feels like im playing early access game.Gameplay and story is good on the other hand.But untill they fix all the lagging its a NO.
,Not Recommended,289650,12996653,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Lekr0,"Can't connect to ubisoft services for a month now, getting the same message everytime I start the game up."
,Not Recommended,289650,14910681,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Ne[a]era,I bought this game two days ago. Latest Patch is applied.I played 3 Minutes and the game crashed before I even reached the first objective in the tutorial.
,Not Recommended,289650,14571515,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,shanneng,"I can review this game with pure numbers. Here is a list of my play times with the last three AC games.ACIII: 90+ hoursACIV (Black Flag): 110+ hoursACUnity: 50 hoursSo it's been entertaining for half as long. So I judge it about half as good as the last two.Good stuff: Oh sure, it's pretty at street level and inside buildings. Sometimes very much so. And the combat (which many hate) for me is interestingly varied and the swordfighting feels appropriately hard, especially when you're surrounded.Mediocre stuff: The plot isn't great. The voice acting is sub par (for a series which has usually been great this is a big miss). And the collection stuff feels -- for the first time, IMO -- very much like a chore.Bad stuff: The parkour -- one of the keys of the franchise -- doesn't feel anywhere near as breathtaking and dangerous as it once did. Maybe this is because we're ""used to it"". But maybe it's also the awkward way that every roof in Paris seems to ""stop"" your movement; those long flowing runs are mostly gone. Gaining viewpoints used to be an absolute highlight for me in previous versions. But every swoopy synchronization in *this* iteration is just a sea of blue-grey roofing tiles. Yawntastic.Conclusion: Skip it. You're not missing anything ""important"" in the overarching plot. Wait for the next one, and hope it's good."
,Not Recommended,289650,12920023,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,BruceLeeroyC,bad port. good for some people. bad for most.
76561198002818065,Not Recommended,289650,22056645,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Secret Asian Man,Just tried to play it with a rigg that exceeds the recommended requirements.....25fps.......refund.
76561198075532135,Recommended,289650,34281423,Posted: 16 August,all,NoahKnox,i dont understand why people hate this game so much i have a[cpu]i3 6100[gpu]gtx 1060[ram]8gb ddr4and i can run this game on 1080p high and get 50 to 65 fps
,Not Recommended,289650,12907342,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Manderley,"Ubisoft. Please optimize.If it weren't for the terrible optimization, microtransaction nickel-and-diming and manditory Uplay, this would be a contender for GOTY.But these flaws aren't things that can be ignored."
,Not Recommended,289650,12894159,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,aNex,"Don't buy for now. Massive bugs everywhere, random crashes, and frame drops for no reason. Wait until Ubisoft fixes their♥♥♥♥♥♥I doesn't look like a bad game. It's just bugs and fps problems."
,Not Recommended,289650,12918397,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Longes,"Currently this game is an unplayable mess. Shame on you, Ubisoft and Steam for releasing this crap."
,Not Recommended,289650,12885429,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,scorozo,i paid 60 for this... and it doesn't work.it acually doesn't work.my computer tells me there is a problem that stops the game from running and it stops working.why
,Not Recommended,289650,28835984,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sherman,"its a shame this absolutely had the potential to blow every other entry in the series out of the water. too bad its broken, unoptimized, and buggy. so much so that it completely destroys the experience. its ironic that dying is called ""desynchronizing"" because desync is a huge issue in coop, not only the person who joins but everyone will be affected. speaking of which, coop! finally right? well... when it works its a great time but it rarely ever does. more often than not you'll be fighting the controls just to get arno to do what you want him to. also combat, again fun when it works but often ♥♥♥♥s over the players. insta-death, ignoring parries, teleporting enemies, unity has it all. whats most disappointing is the amount of detail put into the world, revolutionary france is beautifully realized and covered in detail, but unfortunately you wont see much of this detail because you'll have to throw the texture level down to nothing to get a playable framerate.if you really want it get it on sale dont spend more than $18ish"
76561198065663392,Not Recommended,289650,13306657,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,mr_wright88,"Assassin's Creed Unity: All the fun of playing an alpha build of a game at the low, low cost of 60 dollars."
76561198041443883,Not Recommended,289650,12977465,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Hsarus,"First off I've lost my saved game in this game at 1st I got really mad a place a bad review saying bad words. So my bad review about this game is about the bugs, I've lost my saved game sequence 7 with a tones of side quest done and Co-op missions etc all gone and I can't retrieve it. Secondly the game is full of bugs sometimes some pedestrian are walking in mid air lol. Game has a lot of frame skip if you place yourself in front of a wall with 57fps and do a 360 degre back to the wall the fps won't be the same ... Anyway if Ubi had taken the time to correct all of this with their game testers insted of release the game at 70$ and making US the buyers doing the job of a game tester telling them all the problems it should of been less expensive."
76561198134579955,Not Recommended,289650,12990598,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,I Fight Dragons,♥♥♥♥ this game....nuff said
76561198170123050,Not Recommended,289650,13916094,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Gamer Boy,When Ubisoft made this tasteless disgrace of a game has literally bent me over and just put a boot up my asss. Before you shove a dicck up my asss you can at least give me a pack f ciggarretes because I would at least enjoy a ciggarete before i get fuucckkeedd♥♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFTP.S. I hope whoever made this game gets fired from his job and his wife and familly divorce him because he just bent over MILLIONS of people and ♥♥♥♥♥EEd them
76561198037482483,Not Recommended,289650,16540460,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DuckDuckGoose,"This game is unplayable, the game should be renamed Assassins Creed: The Powerpoint Slide Show."
76561198289727772,Recommended,289650,30578229,Posted: 17 March,all,zjufengyufei,"Though there are no ship games as AC4, the improvement is significant.1. Better optimization, i7 6700hq with gtx1060 got stable 60 fps all the time, though there is unnecessary cpu usage( you can forbid the game to use 2 cores and it still work good). performance is better than BugCreed4.2. Frequent stop response problem on win10 can be fixed by renaming XAudio_2_7.dll under System 32.3. Finally, I don't have to worry about stupidly runining onto trees or boxes or walls while chasing somebody. AC4's super bad ""automatic action-environment association"" disappeared. Though sometimes Arno seems still like to disobey my control.4. Enemies become more simple minded, unlike AC4 where 1 enemy call a bunch of person upon seeing you, AC5 is easier.5. Graphics is grey, AC4 is more vivid,6. No bushes and flowers for me to hide, I have to run all the way."
76561198126486798,Not Recommended,289650,12888441,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ConchShell,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME. I am a personal fan of the Assasins Creed Series and I was very much looking forward to this, game but I get this whatever you may want to call it. I have an alienware m14x running a GT 750m geforce ready driver and I can play the game but only if i play on the lowest graphics and turn my resolution down to the point where the game looks so awful it isnt even worth playing. Ubisoft you have failed me. :'("
76561198006573540,Not Recommended,289650,12891604,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nominal,"I met the specs. I paid the money. I could not play the game. Two thumbs down and two fingers up, do not buy."
76561198064138472,Not Recommended,289650,12891320,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,im Fergieee,"I payed 60$ for a game that works like a piece of crap. This game has some major buges that need fixing such as, not being able to move, incredible lag,falling throught the floors to get out of the map. This is probable the worst Assassins Creed game i'v played by far. i love this series and i hope that opinion wont change but right now it seems as if it will."
,Not Recommended,289650,13628490,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,josh,somehow the bullet killed me before it was even fired out of the barrel of my enemies gun. 10/10 - ign
76561198092271193,Not Recommended,289650,13857761,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Dark Requiem,a good game but not a great game... game has a boring plot and numerous bugs but not game breaking still are present... will recommend game if game is cheaper... but for now skip this
76561198053132002,Recommended,289650,33115571,Posted: 1 July,all,DADDY!!!,"bought ilst summer after i finished AC rogue, started playing it couple of weeks ago. well after coming from AC3, black flag and rouge(which just seems to be an expansion of black flag), initially i was put down, i realy liked black flag alot, i wanted the same mechanics to pass over in the new game, anyway instead of doing the main story missions i started doing the side quests and after a week i finaaly felt comfortable, one more thing i would like to add ther there is no option to start a new game after you started the game, which was a let down.Buy it if available on discount atleast 50%"
,Not Recommended,289650,13992076,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Orimis,"Honestly very underwhelming. As a massive fan of the AC franchise I was sorely disappointed by Unity. The story starts off ok with a little background of Arno and his joining of the Assassin's but after that theres nothing. Except repetitive missons that are way too easy to achieve 100% sync.A total lack of current day story line and very little continuity in the story itself just feels wierd.The free running system has been changed for the worse, it feels clunky and unreponsive. Also the AI is worse than AC 1, enemies cannot scale walls and the combat system is very poorly thought out.Not to mention Unity has one of the worst endings to any game I have ever played without any closure or explaination to the story line or current day events."
,Not Recommended,289650,12940823,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,A$AP Jarda,"The story is good, but the performance is HORRIBLE!!!! NVIDIA GTX 770, Intel i5-4400 and still crashing and 20 fps on medium quality. Sometimes glitching into walls, AC:Initiates COMPLETELY doesn't work. (I'm complaining about Initiates because I was looking at the suits you can get, and I saw I can get the Ezio suit just by doing some exploring in Initiates but it was just consuming my time and I got nowhere.) Just think twice if you really want this game. I'd wait a while before buying. BTW: I bought the gold edition with a season pass, and I REALLY regret doing that. I should've just bought the normal version but I didn't knew it will end like this."
,Not Recommended,289650,13049961,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,DoukJin,"Had horrible frame rate issues during in game cutscenes to begin with, issue now fixed. Now experiencing crashes upon the game loading. 20% progress, game crashes upon continuing the game and crashes immediately after getting past the initial loading screen after the continue button.  The game was running fine up until now.Definitely do not buy right now."
,Not Recommended,289650,13989456,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Bonehead,"DLC Has everything to offer! With all the glitches you've come to love and enjoy!:Enjoy using cover as Arno sticks halfway out off of a pillar you just told him to use as cover and gets spotted through a wall!Enjoy the random guy who is simply there, unmoving, and unable to die but keeps you in conflict!Enjoy a VERY tiny portion of the original map, but now with a new desolate skin and slight fog!1 new weapon, 5 different stat sets!New armor! All lower level than what you have because you've beaten the game already!"
,Not Recommended,289650,13320232,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Squirrel on Acid,Lots of people have been complainging A LOT about performance issues. I run a GTX 760 and an I5 with 8GB RAM which is basically the recommended settings and I run the game fine on high. But nobody can run it on anything higher.The story line and the game in general is a lot worse than the other AC games.You get random glitchy npcs walking up to you and asking you to join your friends game or buy a DLC while youre playing which completely ruins immersion. and microtransactions?! Really ubi?!.Sometimes you spend an hour or so getting to an awesome chest just to find out that you HAVE TO DOWNLOAD SOME ♥♥♥♥ING APPLCATION OR SOME♥♥♥♥♥♥LIKE THAT TO USE IT.No recommended until ubi fixes it and realizes it doesnt need money THAT much.
,Recommended,289650,19458525,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Putro,"Perfectly fine in my system. A good example for SLI that give benefit scaling 160% more better than scaling on Syndicate. Run solid on 60 fps max setting, Only found few drop fps especially in some cutscene but it didn't disturb my gameplay. Maybe i got the latest version after 1 year been released so i don't get very bad performa issue.The environment..the city view....so beautifull in ultra high, soft shadow and FXAA. It would be more beautifull if i use MSAA but that's will sacrifice alot of  framerate 10/10The reflect from NPCs is realistic. They will scream and run when hear a gun battle while in the street or market...waow that's cool, man.  8/10I played a lot of AC series but when i run in rooftop, climbing and parkour, AC Unity give me better experience than another series.At this time , i play 2 AC Creed: Unity and Syndicate(not in steam). After spend 3 hours with Unity, i can feel how boring AC syndicate with repetitive side mission by the same formula.Only mp mission that make me to wait so long to find another player join my game, maybe because this is not new release game.This is The Assassin what i am looking for. Too epic to be skipped."
76561197985389583,Not Recommended,289650,30972666,Posted: 5 April,all,GlexX,"This is the first review I've ever written after having my Steam account for years. I've played all the Assassin's Creed games as I've been purchasing them whenever they go on sale, but I cannot recommend Unity. There is terrible lag on actions whenever keys are pressed, and moving around can easily become infuriating as Arno gets stuck on ledges, walls, and many other obstacles. I haven't thrown a game controller across the room since I was a little kid but this game made me want to smash my keyboard in frustration. I've tried multiple times to get into this game but have found the buggy movement makes it unplayable for me. Ubisoft also needs to realize that not eveyone is interested in multiplayer, and there is a decent bit of content in this game that is unavailable in single player mode. Only buy this game when it goes on sale, and be prepared for a very trying experience."
76561198059115532,Not Recommended,289650,13798992,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,kd.ter,its the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game in my life i ♥♥♥♥ed my money realy with it
,Not Recommended,289650,13797869,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,wack all u :D,I couldn't even play. It was about at 1 FPS and the contrast in the menu was so high I managed to just click things until my game started. I don't even think you can call this a game. It is a big steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥with wrapping paper.Edit: 3 months later and I still cannot play due to low FPS and a high contrast menu I can not use. (I have a gaming rig btw I can run more demanding games easily 60 FPS)Another Edit: Still unable to play due to problems above. Ubisoft just wants money I guess. 60 $ mistake I will never make again.
76561198034156004,Not Recommended,289650,13458545,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,♕Dukewolf♕,Still have yet to play the game i bought the day it came out well over a monthin short 11/10 would get my wallet♥♥♥♥♥♥♥againis there a way to give this less than a zero?
76561198094938465,Not Recommended,289650,13859658,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Kale,"This game barely runs, and when it does it is very slow, and crashes constantly, menus turn a blinding white when you enter them so you can't see what you are looking at.  Save your money, do NOT buy this game on Steam, I wish I could get my mony back!"
,Not Recommended,289650,13794301,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Gees,"Assassin’s Creed Unity was the worst game i bought in 2014 it feels like your playing Assassin’s creed 2 but with micro transactons and rediculis ""Perks"" you get from leveling up that in previous game you had throughout the hole game. it is one of the moast hardwhere intencive game i have and i have a $1000 computer that can berly run it on low settings. The only thing that i think was good about this game was the costimizaton. unless ubisoft makes an assasin's creed with ninjas i will never buy an assasins creed ever again."
76561197964352917,Recommended,289650,29638313,Posted: 1 February,all,Benbone,"It is not often that I take the time to review a game. But this game is an amazing piece of art, I must say. I played other A.C. games from this series. I very much liked AC Rogue, which is as excellent, if not even better. But as a European, I am amazed by the Detail that the city of Paris is depicted in, the songs sung in the streets, the revolutionary Paris, with all its factions and the historic persons I have met in the game. If you have any interest at all in the historic period of the french revolution with its exciting events and the beginnings of the modern society, then this is your must-have-game. The main story and many side missions are neatly woven into the real historic events.This game will let you travel freely through the streets of Paris and other places around like Versailles. I met Mongolfier, La Place, Robespierre, and other revolutionary people from siences, arts and politics. This game has amazed me a lot by just walking in the streets and watching the people, or jumping from rooftop to rooftop and enjoy the beautiful baroque architecture and Paris' landmarks.If the game wasn't as bloody and gory I would give it to my children to get a feeling of the late 18th century. But unfortunately, this game is as brutal, ruthless and murderous as the rest of the series. You basically spend most of the time backstabbing guards, poisoning enemies or simply shooting other people to death. Only in a game, that this activity can yield so much fun and entertainment. Job well done, worth every single penny I spent."
,Recommended,289650,20212684,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SPG,"I've played this game about 30 hours right now, and I like most of it so far. Although there are a few (not even minor things) I really dislike about this game.First of all: it doesn't work properly on Windows 10 after installation, you get a crash every 10 to 15 minutes. It is easy to fix though, but it is quite irritating at first. You can stop it by searching forXAudio2_7.dll, you will get probably 3 results. Move or rename the one in Windows/System32, and you will have no problem playing the game anymore. (you won't have sound during the UBISOFT logo video, but there are no other problems with this.)Now during the combat they changed a few key things:They removed the human shield ability, I don't know why, but it's bad. You will get in combat with maybe 7 soldiers, maybe 2 will start to shoot at you, and you can't do anything about it. And, when you are in combat and throw a smokebomb, you have to keep using your primary weapon (i.e. sword, axe or spear thingy), so you can't just stab them with your hidden blade, which is just totally ridiculous. Also, a lot of times, you will get spotted. And when you are spotted, you cannot air assasinate enemy's, so far so good. BUT: when you jump on them, they get knocked down, andyou can't friggin stab them when they are on the ground, you just have to wait for them to get back up. You can only stab them on the ground after playing a large part of the story, after which you have to use ability points to unlock the ability to stab people who you knocked down on the ground. (just WHY ubisoft?why did you think that was a good idea?)Now I do like the Paris they made, it's a pretty big open world with a lot to do in it. It's also really nice you can customise they way you play by changing parts of Arno's costume. Also the lighting is sublime, The castles and palaces are just beatiful with the glossy marble and golden detailing and the beautiful art pieces on the walls. The story is good so far (only played until sequence 6 yet)Short version of my review:Pros:+ really nice and beautifully created Paris, they put so much detail into it.+ random events on the streets of Paris+ lot's of quests/side missions+ you can customise Arno's costume, with each part contributing to different abbilities+ lot's of different weapons+ when you have to assassinate a major person in the story, you can take a lot of different routes to get to them+ nice brutal finishing animationsCons:- crashes every 10-15 minutes on Windows 10 after install, easy to fix though, but Ubisoft should've already fixed it.- can't stab enemy's who are in a smoke cloud- they removed the human shield ability- can stab knocked down enemy's only after playing a big part of the story"
76561198066188397,Recommended,289650,23125065,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Clit YeastWood,"Now i know i might get alot of hate for saying this, but i really liked this game. It was alot of fun and had some great missions. I think it really doesnt deserve as much hate as it is receiving. But I might just be saying this because the assassins creed franchise has been one of my all time favorites. I remember putting in many hours into the first game. But when the second one came out, thats when i got really into these games. So if you love assassins creed as much as i do then, you will probably like this game too."
76561198108523367,Not Recommended,289650,13458685,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AdmiralReno,Buy an indie game. Atleast they are optimized. Patch 4 didn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198088574330,Not Recommended,289650,13485277,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Macho Man Randy Savage,Just crapHonestly just wait for them to fix it
,Not Recommended,289650,13457475,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sancho Daquan Poncho.,Too ♥♥♥♥ing buggy
,Not Recommended,289650,22137855,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,touuqe,"Clunky movement and controls, a HUD that looks slapped on at the last minute and an open world full of visual glitches makes this game so hard to enjoy. I'm probably going to refund this.I'd recommend getting AC Blackflag or AC Syndicate as they are much more enjoyable."
76561198011241036,Recommended,289650,16986504,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,MojoRisin,"Despite all of the negative press this game received, I must say I really enjoyed it.  The only issue I had was a loss of my  saved game.  Now I simply keep my own backup of the save file just in case.  I even run this game with high graphics and without meeting the recommended specs.  I'm using a 2.6 processor and gtx960 nividia card.  Although I just started playing Rogue, I like Unity better at this point."
76561198097805307,Recommended,289650,24522416,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Vladimir Lenin,"The game has many pros and cons, but in general its a fun game where you can learn a little bit of history while you kill many many people. So to reduce the review i recomend this experience to they who like to kill meanwhile learn and get fun alone or with friends.-The game seen so alive, the NPCs helps to get you into the history, like one more revolutionary french, so its feels like YOU make the history.-The movement of Arno, the parkour, everything are very well connected. The new moves makes the game more realistic, in comparison to other games of the saga, in which the movement was continuously stopped by the basic forms to move.- The textures sometimes take too long to charge because of the amount of NPCs (I think) but this dont ruin the experience.-When you are travelling you have new loading screen, a black screen. In the previous Assassins Creed there was a screen with your character loading the history (remember you are in the Anymus, a machine that load history) So that screen makes you see that you are simulating continously the history of your ancestor, an while the loading you could run and jump (that make you a very funny 5 min). In this game, you forget you are in a machine and only focus on the gameplay, that its not bad, but you lose the immersion of the game and also lose 5 funny min.-The refuge of Arno its very interesting, you have many things to renovate, thing that help you to many things you discover on the game. But it fits perfectly on the age helping to feel there.-The loot you make is more ""realistic"", when you loot or steal something, dont steal just money, you loot anything like garlic or anything, but this have a price and this is what you get, making the feeling of looting more valious.-The Assasssins Creed Revelations has a very famous sistem of making money, well, the AC Unity has nothing to envy.-The fighting is more fluid, hardest than the previous game, but better. You have to fight, like a man, not like a god with blades, that is a way to get you into the game, and is more fun to figth nor to go anyway killing like a god. Here you will have a problem if you dont think too much and get in a fight with to many soldiers. There are more combos and fightbacks that are awesome.-The missions are very free of choises, you must think, because you cant get into anywhere killing and killing, because, like a said before, the fighting is harder so the ways of completing a mission used to get close to the stealth, and is very heartwarming to complete a mission you have think by yourself.-The multiplayer is very good and the missions are adjusted to make possible the coordination. So if you play alone and get into the online, dont worry, you'll cooperate because the game is make in this way. But you have to be careful because you can get a spoiler, because the searching is for all the mission and if you dont know the game you can really get dissapointed. BE CAREFUL¡¡¡And to conclude, some ideas or thinkins that i've seen like the more stupid things of the game. CAREFUL IT HAS SPOILER¡Where the revolution of the people is stopped and you fight in both team.A game where Louis XVI looks like a good man.A game where Robespiere is not bad just for killing....Where the Jacobins are called ""extremists"" and the fight to eat is a conspiracy.Enjoy it¡"
,Not Recommended,289650,21745008,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,KingSpirit,Certainly doesn't live up to its expectations. Random frame drops on a high performance system. Would not recommend unless on a huge sale.
,Recommended,289650,32987689,Posted: 29 June,all,๖The Notorious™,"Most likely my favourite AC Game next to AC4 Black Flag, This one has definetely the best looking graphics, and smoothest/fluidest realistic looking combat and oh boy! don't forget about all the blood and gore Unity has, it's sad that Ubisoft skimped down on the blood, gore and physics in their latest AC Game Syndicate, which was quite a big dissapointment, Hopefully Origins will have the harder/better looking Unity Combat! Instead of Syndicate's cartoony feeling combat."
,Not Recommended,289650,12890373,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Andromalius,Crashes before I can even play for one minute.
76561198019588884,Not Recommended,289650,13990690,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Codyrum96 - Hawaii,"This is a sad sorry excuse for a game.  The gameplay is great if you like assassins creed great customization and whatnot.  But be warned as their are so many ""uncompatible"" graphics cards that ubisoft claims.  But if you do have a graphics card that is compatible you get serious FPS lag i mean you will have 60 frames then in a matter of .5 seconds you'll get 5 frames then back up to 60.  This is very game breaking in my opinion and ubisoft cant seem to fix it so save yourself the 50 dollars and buy black flag or a different game because this is deffinently not worth 50 bucks maybe 5 dollars in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,289650,13991315,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,EY BOWSE,Performance issuesBroken co-op connectionUplayMicrotransactions
,Not Recommended,289650,21172199,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Rheon,"Have you ever paid someone to kick you in the testacles when that isn't your fetish?That's kinda what buying this game feels like.I keep starting it over and over from the beginning since it was released, yet still have never finished it because I keep stopping out of boredom.I also despise being forced into multiplayer to get items and skill points.Also, why is it that I'm in one year, then do a multiplayer that jumps 4 years ahead, then I'm back in the previous time. Shouldn't these multiplayer missions unlock when Arno reaches that year on his own instead of jumping me all over outside of the story? It muddles things up.This is the game that made me give up on the AC series."
,Not Recommended,289650,13985155,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,KThxBaiNao,Game is optimized horribly.Story is weak.
,Recommended,289650,25374851,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Zero,Had a rough start but its truely a great AC game. I haven't enjoyed an assasssins creed game since revalations but I might be biased since I find French history more facinating than colonial history
76561198107075061,Recommended,289650,31020771,Posted: 8 April,all,DILWALE_BEAST,i like this game & its DLC....
,Not Recommended,289650,12944775,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Ainsley Harriott's Nazi Grandpa,"Honestly, this is just sad... This was one of my most anticipated games of 2014, and this... Just... UHG! Ubisoft doesnt care about PC, they are just making this for a money run of console users! DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT, buy this game until Ubisoft at least sends out a few patches and optimizes it!"
,Not Recommended,289650,12886083,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Selkie707,"Post First Couple Of Missions Review:So far I will say that i enjoy the storyline much more than AC3 and AC4 in that I can find myself actually relating to the character. Arno actually has a personality unlike Conner and I find himself reminding me of young ezio from AC2. I bought this game simply because of my love for the series, well at least the AC2 line, AC4 and AC3 looked nice, but simply didnt live up to the former games in my opinion. If you are indeed looking to purchase this game i highly recommend that you make sure your rig can run it.Performance:I have an nvidia 880m, and it does infact run ""okay"". With details and textures on ultra at 1080p i find myself hovering around the 30 fps range on average with occasional drops to around 22.(So i'm recieving the ""cinematic"" experiance i guess /S)  Oddly enough these drops have happened the most for me during cut scenes which i find quite odd. I have two monitors hooked up to this laptop and as i played i had gpu-z up on one. The game managed to fill over 4gb of vram at points which is the most i have ever seen fill. I'm attaching a youtube video of me 'horribly' playing through a mission. This mission had the most fps drops ive had so far so it works well to show what others with an 880m can expect. The youtube video also has the rest of my computers specs for those interested.YoutubeGraphics:After playing the game for a while there is one thing that definitely popped out. The game, at least so far, appears horrible at choosing when to render buildings/far away objects in more detail. The worst example i have seen so far is the screenshot i took below.Image 1Image 2The above is just bad, especially for a game with such demanding requirements and i hope they release a patch that either improves the loading of textures at a distance or lets you adjust when they load.The only other issue i discovered was the already known town folk warping in and out. When close up i also noticed that their textures loading were a bit wonky as well."
,Not Recommended,289650,22075264,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,patrickor4,"Ok gameplay, but it keeps closing at random points? Frustrating as all ****."
76561198259397838,Recommended,289650,35214906,Posted: 25 September,all,What up biches,"pretty game after all the bugs that it previously had has been fixed, but controlling and its smoothness is still not satifactory when u try to jump down the charactor just keeps going backwards and sometime when u try to stealth the way out, ur are aften stuck by something like walls, he just cannot move or so, maybe you would say that a personal issue but I been playing ac franchsie for long time( not in this accout for previous games) that i never seen an ac game can be that good like ac brotherhood back in the time. but still it is a game worth-playin due to it has a mediocre storyline nut amazing graphic although the game has been sometime. the atmosphere is pretty nicegraphic: not exactly the same the video of e3 shown, but still good after downgrade.controlling: sometimes buggy.STORY: SOMEWHAT CLICHE BUT STILL WITH SOME ATMOSPHERE.ENJOY DIVING INTO THE CITY OF A NEXT-GEN GRAPHIC SHOWN.PLEASE JUST FIX THE CONTROLLING PROBLEM IN ORIGINS CUZ PLAYIN SYNDICATE I CAN STILL FEEL HOW BUGGY IT IS TO MAKE THE CHARACTOR JUMP UP WHILE IT ACTUALLY GOES DOWN MAN, AND THE WALL EJECTING IN 90 DEGREE CAN NO LOOGER BE PREFORMED IN THIS GAME, WHICH WAS LIKE W+SPACE+RIGHT CLICK HOLDING BACK IN ACBH AND ACR EVEN AC2"
,Recommended,289650,19180145,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Siri er kul,"Ok, so for this game I will actually make a proper review. I have to warn you that I suck at writing reviews like this cause I never can get to the point.My expectations for this game was not high at all, in fact the only reason I bought this game was because of Rogue which was for me, one of the best ac games hands down. But we are talking about unity so I'll stop praising that game for now.The French revolution is such an interesting part of history and I wished unity would've interracted more with it - for me, the story was good, but not as extrodinary as it could've been. I wished there were more interraction with the residents and a bit more with the historical characters - but tbh the scenes that we got was pretty entertaining. When it comes to gameplay I have to say I miss the old interface that was in ac4 and rogue. I got ofc used to the new one but for some reason I miss the little ""sync wheel"" at the end of each mission lmaoOther than that the controls was a good change I think, but it felt very clumsy using them - there were several times where Arno got stuck on a wall and would not go up and times where he did'nt want to jump down - and again that can be me at fault, you see, I suck at video games                             ... or it could've been a bug 'cause you know, unity isn't exactly bug-free (at least they've fixed A LOT, I only experienced like three minor bugs which wasn't a big deal for me) But don't get me wrong, the little change in the game's parkour is A+More good things - the multiplayer concept was a very cool thing I enjoy it a lot and will probably play this game more later with friends. The upgrading system was cool too, even though I cringed hard at the micro transactions they've added in the game.If this game is on sale then I truly recommend it cause it's not that bad. I enjoyed it.In the end I just want to give a huge ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to all those guns each stupid policeman and guard had. Seriously, they can't get more OP than that"
,Not Recommended,289650,12963871,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Good Guy Garry,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198008530260,Not Recommended,289650,12975321,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,johnsalot,I built a pretty beastly machine for exactly the purpose of playing high end games with good graphics settings.  Even with the settings turned all the way down the game skips and causes the camera to jump all over the place.  This essentially makes the game unplayable.  I will be asking for a refund.  I don't want this game anymore.
,Not Recommended,289650,12885993,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bout73Ninjas,"The game is quite flawed at launch. It's how I want to open this review. I've had the opening mission bug out on me near the end prompting a full restart, combat has frozen in certaint areas multiple times, leaving long delays before action resumes, and not only that, but the game seems very poorly optimized at this time. My GTX 780 is showing frequent (if small) frame spikes, and graphics are consistently not rendering properly. Please be advized that these issues exist at launch day.That being said, what I have played of the game so far is... interesting. The story doesn't really seem to do anything new, in fact it is strikingly similar to Ezio's story. Stealth missions, while still plenty of fun, also don't seem to deviate from the tried and true format. Unfortunately, what could have been a huge reveal during the plot at the end of the prologue was quite underwhelming. I am also still very much in the dark as to who my present-day character is and how they fit into the story. This is something I would have liked to have been cleared up near the beginning before I was thrust into the past.However, I have been enjoying playing the game and I do look forward to seeing how the game plays out. I am very fond of the downward parkour controls, and the obstacle maneuvering controls have been well-refined. I personally am happy to see the series return to Europe and to a busier city setting.My verdict: If you're a big fan of the series and have played it all, my initial response is that there's enough here to keep you happy and comfortable, even if it doesn't sweep you off your feet. If you haven't played much, don't bother. As far as I can tell, the game down't hold up much on its own."
,Not Recommended,289650,16214021,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Thatweirdguy's Hero,"If this is what next gen can give us then i prefer to stay old gen seriouly this is unexceptable for a next gen game released a couple of months ago.. first off the game runs horrible on my GTX 960 on low setting with a 30 fps cap , secondly did the dev even bother to patch the performance on certain cutsenes which lags your game , i can see a crap tone of glitches on which i saw after release which is still not fixed .Glitches and Bugs- Getting stuck in a corner when ai refuses to move- Ai civilians glitching in and out of the map- Blurry texture when zoomed into an object- Teleporting ai- The rag boll effects when there is a big crowed is horrible.- Cover system glitchs arno into the object or wall- Awkard Ai following glitchesOverall i got this game june 2015 and i thought well might give it a try but i was wrong ..What is good about the game- Different combat system to other AC- Setting during the french revolution- New gadgets and weapons- Interaction with the interiors of buildings- A proper designed steath crouching system- Interesting storyline- Coop for friendly players- Rich environment with lots of AI civilians- Huge city with banks and historical sites- Free season passWhats Bad about the game- Horrible graphics performance on high end graphic cards- Still unfixed bugs and glitches- Uplay and their pointless DLC pack- Apps to unlock chests- No naval combat or change of settings- Annoying english voiceing- Huge game of 50GB- loot system is broken- Badly designed Coop missions- Laggy main menu- Club competition is rigged and broken- No way to dodge or block bullets , die from 2 shots- Over priced even at 50% off- Online mode crashes the game- Pressing Shift and Space at the same time , seriouslyThis should have been a great game but the development and marketing for the game just totally ruined it , it was suppose to be a big hype with all the cool features but it seems the developers needs a memo on how to patch a soild game and create something which doesnt kill consoles and pc. If you are a AC fan like me i'll just push myself through the game but others for just experience go with something else like rouge as a better choice ."
76561198007727750,Not Recommended,289650,13887365,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Turblin,"Weakest AC game yet, imho.  The setting looks like the same four blocks of central paris copied over the entire game's expanse.  Co-op play is nothing special.  Do yourself a favor and wait untill this title is on a big sale before trying it out."
,Recommended,289650,19784354,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Bahuemac,"I think the new engine did the game good. It feels fresher. It's not inventing much new (I still need to try co-op) but when coming from Black Flag and Rogue you'll appreciate what it does.It has no sailing and ship combat (love it or hate it) but consists mostly of Paris and some other smaller towns/palaces. In pure miles to travel I guess Unity is inferior to BL/Rogue but it makes up with love of detail and by using the space available to bigger extend. Most notably there are plenty indoors area now being used for missions, to contain collectibles or as means of moving across streets/lines of buildings more quickly (hopping into one window and leaving through the opposite one).Even when recognizing certain reused assets over the time Paris feels diverse and lively. This game having more civilians on the streets than any AC before adds to it. Every nook and cranny feels kind of unique, often featuring landmarks with historical buildings or places and brimming with life, at best illuminated into a gorgeous sunset making use of fancy post-processing effects. I think this is the first AC where I actually enjoyed moving on ground level more than via the rooftops only thanks to the many more details that are naturally to be found ""down below"". For the first time I also bothered to consequently read the associated database/mini-encyclopedia - and immediately after having unlocked entries about places, people or historic events at the time. It helps with immersion and to grow interest for the city. Even after I will drop the game (which can still take a while) I can already see myself going on a Google/Wikipedia travel vacation with all the screenshots I took and comparing how Paris, characters and events are shown in the game and how they really looked or worked out back then and how they do now.Reading the database entries, newspapers (there are two, and each year that passes in the story timeline spawns a new issue to read from around places with a couple random stories about the events of that year) or paying attention to details generally is advised. The storyline is following along historic events from around 1788 to 1794 or so (I haven't fully finished it yet but I'm close) and sometimes makes sudden leaps of numerous months up to a year you wouldn't notice if it weren't for previously acquired historic knowledge and the occasional time ""stamps"" in the introductory memories of each sequence.This leads to my gripe with the game or series as a whole: I miss the present-time storyline. Here it is hardly advanced at all. I stopped hoping for anything new ever since Black Flag. More so important is the past-time story. That one isn't bad but not necessarily surprising either. I feel more engaged than in Rogue, the characters are more likeable and tangible, I particularly like the relationship between Arno and Élise even if it didn't get as much display as it could've deserved earlier on. You are back to certain roots like having a proper Assassin brotherhood to work for, a council to report to, you get a real initiation and the three tenets I had forgotten some games back are recited. This is neatly incorporated into the co-op multiplayer which allows you to form clans with people (""brotherhoods"") and to grow up in ranks (individually) or specify such (clan-related). Should people have felt displaced with AC3 and onward they will feel back home in ways with Unity, it is closer to the original game and the Ezio trilogy in many ways.But: Things can be a little predictable. Following real historic events to some degree and having to maintain a certain balance of power for the present-time story to make sense always means a certain predictability. Some details might be considered plain fan service even. For example it was interesting to meet Napoleon but I have only seen him once and he was relatively irrelevant to the story so far. They could've left him out and it would've hardly made a difference, but I suppose when playing that time one would just expect or hope to have his appearance (regardless of whether he was indeed in real-life where the game shows him to be when you meet him or not, which I don't know). In this manner I can easily see others to roll their eyes a little at this game or the series generally. Even so there was/is boldness in recreating historic settings as well as it does and this is is a game with great love of detail and you can tell the developers put lots of effort into making Paris feel and look as great as they could.I'm wondering how a non-open world game would fare in comparison. I think I observe that certain groups of civilians in front of historic buildings always stay the same over the years that pass story-wise. There might also be some inconsistencies with how buildings actually looked in-between in the real-life and how they do in the game. For example whether the Bastille was already damaged before you play the mission that sees it stormed. Or whether a certain bridge was built with the Bastille's stones while it was still intact (it was completely taken apart by the Revolutionaries if I understand correctly, so both couldn't exist at the same time but they do in the game). Or if the small noon-cannon in the Palais-Royal actually fires at noon as it seems to do in real-life. Even if I'm just mistaken I guess a more ""enclosed"" kind of game could deal with these details more consistently and faithful to the facts. But this isn't meant as a negative, I'm just wondering, I bet most players never paid nearly enough attention to any of this so in the end it won't matter.These are details one could divulge himself with for more and more hours to come, and I'm kind of curious. Not sure if I'll examine them as much but there sure is a lot one can do with this even after having completed the game a longer while back. This should be appreciated too if I'm to be asked, there is a deep value in it by itself beyond being a game simply. It's sad that all this is a bit looked over in the series generally (I myself learned my lesson late, I feel inclined to properly re-read databases and stuff in the previous games now, I surely will pay more attention in the future titles) or in Unity due to the bumpy start it seemed to have had. The performance issues many seemed to have look fixed, at least on my rig the game runs smoothly, although maybe because I'm rather high-end and at the cost of detail. (The level of detail on buildings and such quickly deteriorates at a distance and characters are rendered during cutscenes with better quality than they actually look like when you're controlling stuff - but I'm also getting some harmless yet consistent graphical glitches that could be the engine, a faulty GPU, faulty drivers - having similar phenomena in other games speaks for this - or some such else so I don't know for sure if this is all supposed to look as I see it or not. It's still a great looking game overall.)If I had to add some negatives: The A.I. can be very stupid. I uploaded one video showing an example of that. Something else includes you being able to assassinate targets in a row from around cover with your enemies literally running into it like lemmings. The combat can feel hard at first and you can get overwhelmed by too many guards but you can essentially still block/evade it all if you're quick enough and when you have enough smoke bombs (different gear you wear improves your capacities/abilities/stats) you can easily get rid of them all in a fairly easy manner. By unlocking advanced combat moves you can break any of their blocking abilities and cut them down without much of a sweat. In this manner the series continues to be lacking any great challenges although there are plenty of nice-ish riddles around that have you explore landmarks for hidden symbols with eagle vision. And the co-op content looks like beefed up on difficulty either although I haven't tried it enough to say for sure."
76561198026253242,Not Recommended,289650,12918347,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,两杀吃鸡,"OK GUYS, guess u have read enough below my review, my laptop specs are not the best, 8970m graphics, i7 4990mq 16ram. but i am able to play many good looking games without a problem in ultra-high settings. however, ACU s completely unplayable for me. and i mean it. the game is slideshow even if i set every single setting to the lowest possible. the framerate is no more than 30 or 25. so if u r thinking abt purchasing,  just NO!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !    IT'S NOT WORKING !"
76561198093674539,Not Recommended,289650,12911780,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Electrose,Who ♥♥♥♥ing does service maintenance the launch day of a game? and even if you can get in its so badly optimized that its impossible to run!!!
,Not Recommended,289650,12962968,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[DM]Thermis,"I was incredibly excited for this game and put off buying when I read all the bad reviews about the graphical errors and bad gameplay. However I am a diehard Assassin's Creed fan. If you are thinking like I was ""How bad can it be"" let me just stop you there. It's bad, really really bad. I'm currently alpha testing games that are more put together than this game is. DO not buy this game unless you are a really diehard AC fan. I'm very disapointed in Ubisoft, I really hope they don't ♥♥♥♥ up The Divison like the've ♥♥♥♥ed up Watch Dogs and This."
76561198026801404,Not Recommended,289650,12896053,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,=Skleebz=,Game crashes before I get a chance to do anything-10/10
,Not Recommended,289650,12907111,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,HLG,"I would recommend jumpiing off a cliff first, more of a rush, and no laggyness whatsoever.ACU has some serious optimization issues. I have the 8350 OC'ed to 6GHz, and it still used 100%of the cpu on low graphics. My dual 7770s match the minimum requirement, and with the OC out perform a 290, but lacks VRAM. The game should run on low, but I can't play the first chase mission, because by the time it is loaded, the enemy is too far away and mission fails right after load in. One of two things needs to happen, either give us a refund, or optimize this game to reasonable standards."
,Not Recommended,289650,12906735,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TeamKennedy,The first ever game I pre-ordered was Assassin's Creed 2. The latest game I pre-ordered was Assassin's Creed: Unity. The game that first convinced me to pre-order a game also belongs to the same series that ended any faith I had in the preordering system. (And Ubisoft as well.)This game doesn't even run. At. All. Not even on Console. Good luck getting above 60 FPS even on Medium settings.
,Not Recommended,289650,12896408,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Melvar,"The game seems actually promising, but I can't get through it with all the lag and stutters. It did have points where it actually worked and I could get to my desired location. I sure do hope they patch the game up, then I will support it."
,Not Recommended,289650,12906514,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Lolibot,"TL;DR YOU DO NOT WANTOkay. I have loved assassin's creed, not for the story, but for the gameplay itself, mostly the multiplayer. When i heard about co-op, I swooned. I watched EVERY trailer that came out for this thing (16+ i think?)Now, i have a pretty beefy computer, its not top end, but i can play new high end games without a hitch. My frame rate is horrible, not to mention random frame rate drops which causes you to suddenly SPIN AROUND to face the opposite direction you were runing right into a swarm of guards, fun!Okay, so the game isnt optimized right yet, okay. Thats fine, i have an Nvidia card, it should be done right. its fine. i can forgive that. it just came out.I have a friend i want to play with, so i try to connect to them. doesnt happen. seems NOBODY can connect to anyone for whatever reason.Okay, the servers arent up to par yet with the workload. You cant exactly test that without making the thing open beta. I can forgive that.What I absolutely can NOT forgive is the SLEW of bugs this game has along with the clunky controls. I've found myself running down an ally, making a turn and suddenly im climbing a random barrel 5 feet away FOR NO REASON. Or the horrible climbing system that worked BETTER on the previous AC games. how the HELL do you break something that you've made work for YEARS?!Oh but bugs? i've got PLENTY of those. I've been running across a roof and my guy hops up onto some invisable platform, jitters for a bit, then freezes. cant move. cant do anything. the game is still going, but im stuck on some invisable floating platform. Oh, what about the random clipping issues in game or in cutscenes where you can see fire through your body from a torch on the far wall or people's HAIR through their face making them look like wolfmen. How about the random horrid pixilation? Or where there are suddenly NO WORDS on my submenus.The list of bugs go on....and i've played this game for FOUR hours. 4. not 40. FOUR. Game testing takes days, weeks, months! Did they not even TEST their game?! If this was found in just 4 hours of me playing i can only imagine what deeper, game breaking, hell computer breaking, bugs there are in this game. NOBODY would have been upset if ubisoft set the game back a month, two, three months back to make sure it was properly done. hell, they should have hired the people they set to make all those damn trailers to playtest the game!!This is the kind of thing i expect from a lower quality game company, not someone well known like ubisoft, the kind of thing you expect from some pre-alpha game. I am not upset, i am furious, i feel cheated and i want my money back."
76561198042238818,Not Recommended,289650,12906685,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Enorats,"I haven't had any real issues with bugs aside from the game flat out freezing several times. It started up again after about 10 seconds, but that was a bit odd.That said.. I can't recommend this game. A few hours in and the story feels horribly disjointed and I'm really not into it. But what's really killing it for me are the controls. I'm playing with the same 360 controller I've used in every PC AC game, but it's just not working for me. Trying to get whatever his name is to go through a window is an absolute nightmare. Trying to get him off a railing, onto a balcony, and into a door is even worse. Especially when there's a guy aiming a rifle at you on said balcony. The game is also horribly slow to respond. Often I'm finding myself screaming at the bloody computer MOVE!!!! for like 5-10 seconds as the character just sits there hanging from something, waiting around forever for somebody to stop squirming so I can loot them, or waiting for an enemy I just knocked over to get back up so I can keep poking them.. because for some reason I can't just bloody kill them while they're on the ground.The game has like a dozen different currencies and absolutely everything gives you something different, and often you've got no idea what is used for what. There are even microtransactions.. MICROTRANSACTIONS.. in my full price AAA game. That's a F2P thing. Keep that stuff out of P2P please.Coop is a nightmare. Everything pretty much instantly kills you, and the enemies get stronger the more players there are. They take forever to kill with even 2 players, and you basically have to stealth kill everything.. which is really hard to do with more than one player. Anyone enters combat, and suddenly they're aware of everyone else too. There is also no way to communicate with other players that I've found. Long story short, I can finish ""solo"" coop missions (which can only be attempted AFTER completion of the mission the first time, in something like 1/3 the time or less with much less effort.All in all, some interesting ideas.. but worst AC game I've played by far."
76561198032647931,Not Recommended,289650,12885855,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Vondett,"Ok so. I love the series . I do recommend this game, but not yet.That out of the way. . . what the hell is this ? Its clearly not finished . I paid 60$ for this and from the first minutes of the game it freezes every now and then for a couple of seconds (I have a pretty good gaming computer , so I set up settings accordingly), I even tried Lowering the settings to the bare minimum and freezes and some ""jumping"" occurs. Then I jump onto the bar to hang from and the character just appears to be standing in mid air and not moving, its not frozen , i can still move the camera around, but not the character... Please FIX this . Oh and in the future please do a better job testing it and polishing the product before release . Better to miss your dead line and release it a month or two later than have a ton of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥customers/fans .Thank you"
,Recommended,289650,19094823,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,KaJuPe,"A lot of people might say that this game is sh*t! A lot of people say that because of the parkour system! A lot of people have not played this game after the patch they did! The parkour now feels really fluid and easy to control. There's a lot of customization and weapons to get and as the cherry on top of the cake: Co-op! Get a few friends to play with and there you have hours of fun! My PC can barely handle this game so I'm playing on the lowest settings, but the game still looks amazing! Yes, it has a lot of glitches, but think about it. A game without glitches is a booring game! (BTW, the Dead Kings dlc is really well made!)"
76561198116559484,Not Recommended,289650,12954490,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Bin Ossas,"The whole screen becomes white when I enter an enclosed area eg. a house, tunnel, and this made the game unplayable when you reach the metro network part whereby you need to find the exit in the tunnel. Please fix this."
,Recommended,289650,32917985,Posted: 28 June,all,Chad,"Broken and glitchy, but in a funny/good way."
76561198068120696,Not Recommended,289650,16399525,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,QuickerWhifferUpper,"Long time fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise.  I went ahead and bought this even though there were mixed feeling/reviews about it.  After an extensive amount of time playing, I can without a doubt agree with the negative reviews.  This game is poorly optimized with horrible graphic setting options.  It took me a few hours just to arrange the settings for a half-way decent gaming experience (constantly adjusting resolution, ratio, etc).  The game is also full of many...many bugs even after being out on the market for so long.  Ran into a couple quests where the target became invincible or the game could/would not detect me smashing my E key for some stupid cinematic effect.  Truly disappointed...one of the worst big title games I have had the misfortune of buying and playing."
,Not Recommended,289650,16143282,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Lilith,"GlaDOS was right, the specs. are a lie after all!"
,Not Recommended,289650,14594884,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,notohp,Reset my game after patch 5. What's more to say?
,Not Recommended,289650,13047403,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Luke.,"I'm a big fan of the series but I've got to tell you, it looks like the game was PC deoptimized.I've got a gtx770 SLI and I need to set the graphics do something between medium and high to get a constant 60 fps without lots of drops. Having to do so with a beast machine was a total turn off.And the bugs, ohh the bugs... you probally know about them, so I'm not even going to enter in the subject. They should finish their game before realeasing it.I'm waiting for more patches and fixes (specially performace ones) before continuing my game."
76561198057077220,Recommended,289650,14878884,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,rivenmikez,"THIS IS AN EARLY REVIEW AND I WILL UPDATE IT ONCE I HAVE COMPLETED THE GAMEWriting this review only having a few hours of gameplay but mainly focused on performence/bug/glitches that everyone seem to talk about-pros-Look terribly good if you have the required system or better (dont even bother trying to run it on a toaster OF COURSE you will experience fps drop and meeh graphics)...I run it on a 970gtx strix at max settings or almost..could max it out but I dont feel like pushing my card too hard for AC so I keep AA and shadows to the 3/4 everything else is maxed out and run smooth as hell without any fps drop at all so if you have a good gpu, good pcu and  8gb of ram or more DO NOT take what most peoples say about performence issues too seriously they probably run it on a toaster OR posted a review in the first few months BEFORE the patches-Combat system feel a bit better than previous AC games but is still quite basic and easy-new parkour stuff is great- Way more custom options for your outfits and weapons which is about time to be honest-story is nice and catchy if you finished AC rogue and AC 3 as they are all very close together in the timeline It is a bit cliche predictable and linear if you rush it (still the same templar hunt than the previous AC... ok AC rogue was an assassins hunt but it exactly the same..)Cons:-Even if I said that performence wise peoples are pretty much crying for no reasons on the glitches side it is true that the game is still kinda glitchy/a bit buggy and would have been better with more testing and fixing BEFORE THE RELEASE- Guard ai is quite bad when you sneak around... I mean how can you not detect someone that walk inches behind you only because they ''Stealth walk''... Unless they are all deaf and semi blind or something this is something ubi need to work on before the next release because it is simply waaaay to easy for a game where you spend most of your time sneaking around-Optimisation. As I said before the game does look well and run smooth but after a few tests I noticed that my gpu usage is about the same at medium high and ultra settings O.o never seen it on another game of the same ''level'' and I can imagine that it most be hell for peoples who dosent own a recent rig so I hope they keep releasing patches to help this problem-The amount of DLC that is shoved in your faces.. This  isnt a ftp game ubi... stop being so EA for god sake your customers dont have to pay over 100$ for a complet experience this ISNT right... Every dlc they have made should be free considering the state of the game when it was released + the bad optimisation that is still semi presentThat about it... If you want it buy it while it on sale or wait for a price reduction... It is a good game and maybe one of the best AC yet but could have been a master piece if Ubi wasent rushing everything to  make more and more money... I give it an early 7.5/10 (could have been 9 if only they would have took more time to release it)"
,Not Recommended,289650,12895362,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SourNate024,This game doesnt even start. I have uninstalled it and i havent even been able to play it. I dont understand how it is legal to sell a product that doesnt even work. I will never be buying a Ubisoft game again.
,Not Recommended,289650,12922205,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Sithious,"Yea... you know a game has completely failed you when it won't even effing start *sigh*. I thought Ubisoft would have gotten their act together after the failure that is Watch Dogs, but it seems they actually got worse, becuase the game actually not starting and always crashing is definatly worse. If you go through these downvotes reviews the game is running like complete sh*t cakes for alot of people, which was the exact same problem with Watch Dogs, isen't making me keen to play this now anyway even when they do fix it. Another expensive failure by Ubi, yay, I can't even say anything else about this right now becuase it won't start up no matter what I do.So yea my faith in Ubisoft is pretty much almost gone now, I can barely only give them another chance becuase Black Flag was so good but they are really pushing it now.Oh and yea my game time by the way, is me waiting for it to start up, even after 3 hours... it's still just a static splash screen. 75 bucks to buy a splash screen in the middle of your desktop... that's not a ripoff at all, totally not.DO NOT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD BUY THIS GAME, IT DOSENT EVEN START! SPEND YOU MONEY ON SOMETHING USEFUL, LIKE A CHEAP LOVEABLE GAME THAT ACTUALLY WORKS AND A DONUT.OR GO AND BUY SHADOW OR MORDOR, THAT S**T IS AMAZE BALLS! ITS BASICALLY♥♥♥♥♥CREED IN LORD OF THE RINGS! OH AND IT WORKS TO, SO CURRENTLY, ITS A MILLION TIMES BETTER THEN UNITY.Dissapointment out of 10"
76561198018606644,Recommended,289650,16162968,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,aranale,"As someone who only bought this game due to steam's new refund policy, as there are an exhorbitant number of complaints about the game, I must say, the introduction of this new policy is a great feature.The reason everyone complains is because their system cannot run this game, which is clearly ahead of its time. All things that are ahead of their time are viewed in a negative light at the time of their conception, then to be reevaluated and reappreciated over time.This game (I recommend playing in French for full immersion ;)) is sensory experience. AC Rogue, which I also (and more readily) had purchased, pales in comparison with this game, and is essentially a rehash of AC Black Flag, if fun in spite of that. This game by comparison seeks to delve into new territory with visuals reminiscent of cinema depicting French history, such as La Reine Margot, and flawless integration of cutscenes with playing. This game doesn't throw you into a world, in which you rummage about to entertain yourself as with almost every other game (frankly, particularly in this series), but invites you visually to explore your surroundings, an enticement that is on every level of finer conception than the regurgitated title of AC Rogue.If your system can handle it, THIS is the new generation of video games that Ubisoft has to offer.update on features/ recommendations:Features:First AC to feature STEAMPUNK elementsIntegrates multiple time periodsYou have to THINK: this game encourages/demands you to be creative and precise in carrying out your tasks, you are an assassin after all, not a thug. This combined with the new sneak element makes this game run much more like a Bethesda experience, while retaining all of the AC defining elementsImprovement and characterization system MUCH more RPG- personalize your fighting style and visual style to an extent unprecedented in ACRecommendations: Turn of the HUD visuals for a more challenging, visually clean and cinematic experience."
,Not Recommended,289650,12906643,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,GonzoSwunks,"bad, just no. you need a super rig to play this game at all.  i am able to play black flag on ultra at 40 fps but cant play this one above 10 fps on low. AMD users get crapped over all the time, and wished they could optimize it for lower end pcs."
,Not Recommended,289650,12906780,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Balding Madness,"I7 4770K Overclocked to 4.5 GHZ2 Gigabyte GTX 970's  G1 in SLI overclocked to 1514 GHZ Clock16GB of RamInstalled updated drivers that are ""optimized"" For Assassin's Creed UnityAverage FPS at High settings: 35FPSMan I thought Watchs Dogs was bad. This is even worse. I have a PC that can run Metro Last Light at Ultra settings just fine and I cant even run this on high. Obviously this is not optimized for PC. It is becoming clear that Ubisoft does not put much effort in to PC. Right now this game is unplayable. I was very exited for Far Cry 4 but after Watch Dogs horrible launch, and now this game. I might skip it all together. I am a huge open world fan and I am very dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,289650,30527031,Posted: 15 March,all,Black Science Man,I truly am enjoying this game but it is not playable on Windows 10 due to frequent crashing (~15 minutes) even with xaudio dll workaround. Would not recommend on a win10 system.
76561198119356450,Not Recommended,289650,24482675,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Shakoris,"This game is not worth the 40$ that they want from you. It isn't even worth the combined 50$ adding the DLC. During some battles, the game decides ""Oh, this guy is going to live. Let's kill him by making him unable to see. He can look under the map instead of the enemy who would have died to him. Also the wall. That lovely wall. Forget the enemies you were fighting and are about to slash you. Look at that wall.""There are also times in which the game decides ""Oh, that was a perfect headshot? Let me put an invisible chair above a chair and make it a wooden chair shot. Doesn't matter that you were obviously shooting above it."" Completely destroys some missions when you want to have better rewards. You can also cut an enemy but it goes right through them without them being time frozen, which the 'time frozen' bug will be explained slightly later. There are also times in which I was frozen in place with a gun. I couldn't move until an extremist hit me. Sometimes being hit doesn't do anything for you and you will die.You have guards and extremists spazzing for two seconds to an entire minute on the ground like worms crawling. They even go across an entire area crawl spazzing the entire way... WHILE DEAD. You can't loot them during this time. One wouldn't stop so I just left him to spazz the entire time while going to a different area. There are also times in which a dead extremist, which you looted, has their mouth moving still. My reaction wasn't why this existed. It was more ""What are they even saying?"" At least make your bugs work correctly if you are keeping them!You have a system that doesn't recognize double assassinations to a degree in which it should. (I'm looking at you messengers that clearly should be assassinated with one of your guard buddies) You got extremists who decide to parry every attack you make and sometimes some extremists that decide, ""Oh, you were hitting me? I don't recall that. There was no sword going through my body for 3 seconds. I was time frozen. You can't hurt me."" This entire game is a cesspool of bugs.The entire trash of a combat system this game has is even worse. The developers decided it was an intelligent idea to give you a slow sword in a game in which you can have fifteen extremists after you at once. This isn't mentioning this particular sword (Rapier) should actually be fast and accurate.You dodge one attack, you get shot by someone else. There is no avoiding bullets unlike Assassins Creed Syndicate. You better hope you use a crowd for a meatshield. (And even then the bullets can go through them) If you want a better combat system, suffer through most of the game first and buy some health upgrades and a better weapon (Which will be a while). Otherwise this game becomes pot reliant, which is a joke for a game based on assassinations. Even then it takes about 5-6 seconds to loot ONE body. This is literally a waste of time. It has gotten to the point in which I rather shop than loot for the common medicine.I love the parry system. The dodge system is a joke. I don't want to distance myself from my prey. I want to kill them. Stop making me roll away. I don't need them pulling a gun on me while I have other people keeping me from closing the distance on the gunner. Dodging also makes you vunerable to attacks. ""Remember guys; professional assassins are experts at parrying but not dodging"" is the pesudo logic I got from this game's developers just based on the defense system alone.The actual assassinations would be okay if you could whistle, but they decided to eliminate that concept. Instead, they added a distraction that is temporary. In other words, it's reliant on how much you have on hand. In the middle of a mission, this is a major annoyance that is extremely unreliable. You are better off going in and being 'detected' and have them investigate. They get close, don't get me wrong. However, not close enough to the actual sound and location. Smoke doesn't always work either. This makes and breaks many of your battles. You 'blind' them but somehow they can see you at times. The sight range of some enemies are rediculous as well. You can be 20 feet away from someone who has NOTHING to do with the mission and they will ALERT the MISSION area.The game has the potential to crash randomly. (Still apparently) One of my friends had their copy crash around seven times in a row before they could actually get in again to do ONE mission. Mine crashed around five times during different points of the game. It got really irritating after a while.This game is a disgrace. The game came out with death inducing bugs and still has death inducing bugs. I would get Syndicate instead. At least those bugs are tolerable. Only get this game if you like 'worms'. The crawling spazzing dead animated humans are amusing."
76561198040836250,Not Recommended,289650,14161990,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,raeco,"Cant even play the game it crashes when  i start the tutorial at main menu.0/10 And its on a new computer aswell. bought it yesterday and was excited to finaly beable to pay after my old said it wasnt strong enough to handle it.GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER UBISOFT!EDIT: can now play the game but many textures have a pink or purple tone to them andwhile indors im covered in a thick fog that makes it nearly impossible to se anything. thanks to this bug i cnat make it past the first real mission of the game an the screen turns completly white while indoors.EDIT2: the game now works after updating drivers and i have now played through the story and done a few sindmisions in aprox 20 hours. the story is decent but can get a little confusing at times. bot the number one complaint i have about the game is that the background npcs that doesnt speak french aswell as the main charachters speak english with what i can only describe as a brittish accent, it would hav been better if they had a french accent while speakng english."
,Not Recommended,289650,14059977,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Ruinous Angel,Frame Rate of 10 at lowest specs and lowest quality.
,Recommended,289650,19390839,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,RavusI,"Just bought and played for an hour due to the sale; honestly with all the bad rep going around I wasn't even sure I would buy the game. I found the story really interesting, contrary to the more common opinion that the MC is really boring etc. There's a reason why the story seems to suck for so many people and I think I've figured out why.Play it in French with English Subtitles. It becomes a GREAT game.Visuals are absolutely stunning, and with a few tricks with nvidia settings; there are some guides on youtube for this check the most recent one, you can actually get it to run on ultra at about 40 - 50 FPS or more on PC depending on your card."
,Recommended,289650,22222006,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,LakuPope,"Didn't buy this at launch, so can't really attest to the problems it might have had. As for now, Assassin's Creed Unity runs, looks and feels awesome. The movement is much smoother than in the previous titles, the combat has been reworked and the graphics are just breathtakingly beautiful. Performance seems solid aswell, 60fps maxed out @ 1080p easily, only cutscenes have some fps issues."
76561198071307718,Recommended,289650,21879310,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,v☾ntage,"Despite all the unfortunate hate this game has gotten, so far, I haven't encountered any performance issues while playing this game. While Assassin's Creed Unity's main story is far from being one of the best in the series, the game was still enjoyable for me at the very least. Having played through all of the Assassin's Creed games in their respective order, the enormous city of Paris with its high roof tops felt extremely nostalgic. I have spent hours free roaming because of how gorgeous the city is. The parkour is a bit different this time around. The controls do take a while to get used to and it can be a little frustrating at first, but once you get the hang of it, the majority of time it works well.Unity, in my opinion, has some of the most interesting side missions ever introduced in the franchise.  The Paris stories, Cafe and Co-op missions are very intriguing as they provide a lot of context for tackling your objectives.  Muder Mystries and Enigmas on the other hand can be quite entertaining if you're in the mood for some problem solving.  But what truly makes Unity different from all other Assassin's Creed games however, is the sheer amount of customization.  It is extremely satisfying and rewarding when you're finally able to unlock the gears and skills you've wanted after playing the game for a period of time.All in all, this game is definitely worth a shot if you're a fan of the series. If not, you should try it when it's on sale. The immense amount of content will be well worth the price."
,Recommended,289650,28864479,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,lemons,"I'm glad to be playing this game in a smooth 60fps at all times. I remember playing this game two years ago when this was first released on the Xbox One and man I remember the constant frame drops in big crowds. Now, I see that Ubisoft attempted to make it run better compared this was first released on PC. Now, I'm satisfied and I do not mind running this game back again.To be honest, this Assassin's Creed game is the most innovative out of the bunch. Especially, the stealth mechanics are amazing and the combat took a turn back to the Brotherhood/Revelations days, which I love. Oh, and put this game in the French language its pretty good!Great redemption so far. I loved Unity two years ago and I still love it now!"
,Recommended,289650,20104880,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Nano,"I bought this game on sale not expecting much from all the hate when it came out, i was suprised to find this game has been fixed, runs smoothly and is very fun to play."
,Recommended,289650,17939779,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Daytime,"Assassin Creed Unity is an amazing game. After many updates and fixes, it is now a much more playable and enjoyable experience.Pros: Realism, Immersiveness, Large Crowds, Hardcore CombatCons: Some bugs pertaining to AI and their placements, Some combat glitches here and thereIn conclusion, if you are an Assassin Creed fan then this is definitely a must have for your collection. I give this game a 4 Star Rating"
76561198162692303,Recommended,289650,16999781,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,prpennise,"when this was the only one i had played, i loved it, but now that i have played more (all) of the assasins creed games, i will say that there is still more to be praised than criticezed... yes, the storyline is flat, but the parcor is awesome... the fighting changed, but the graphics are great... overall it is a good game, but as an ac, not what the fans have come to expect"
,Recommended,289650,19501270,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SaltySub,"Yes, recommended, IF:Do you like history and geopolitics through the lens of occult societies? Is this game on sale right now? Are you playing it after Patch 5? Are you willing to spend a day tweaking drivers, AA, AF and quality settings? Do you have at least a Haswell quad-core i7 and GTX 960 with 4GB VRAM or equivalent? Are you familiar withReshade.Me?Have you played Assassin's Creed before and like the general gameplay style? Are you willing to accept that the screenshots shown on the Store Page are most likely only achievable at the very highest graphic settings requiring at least a GTX 980Ti with DSR, etc.? Can you tolerate UPlay long enough to actually play the game?If you answered yes to ALL of the above, then this game is for you!If you answered NO to any of the above, then check out Dishonored, a bizarre but beautiful tactical stealth (as opposed to open world per se) gaming experience without all the monstrosity of a modern Assassin's Creed game.Update:  I finished the game, played more hours than on record because I set it to offline to avoid all the UPlay and other stuff.Overall Experience:7/10 (for AC fans Ubisoft certainly put a ton of effort into this game, that is unfortunately also the drawback, too ""dense"" content)Main Storyline:6.5/10 (too many Grand Masters can spoil the broth, but interesting nonetheless)Dead Kings Storyline:8/10 (compact but classic AC experience)"
76561197994094370,Recommended,289650,32625682,Posted: 21 June,all,PureStealth,"I'm not sure why this game was considered so bad. Maybe it's my nostalgia talking, but I had enough fun to see the game through to the end. (fun little story incoming) I got this game on day one so I decided to check out the online. I was matched up with an actual game developer. So I'm not sure you can say the people who made this game were entirely apathetic about it. I'm not sure if this game is worth 60 dollars but it's not a bad game still sadly not as good as assasins creed 2. I highly reccomend you play assasins creed liberation first I feel it's one of the best yet the most underated games of the series."
76561198138247801,Not Recommended,289650,13718166,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Glove Neck,"I'm a huge fan of AC. I have played all of the games. In all the time I have played thi series I have never had a complaint, until I played Unity. This game probably has more bugs than Skate 3. It also crashes all of the time. 2 minutes into the first mission my character got stuck in the air. Then later on in the game I had to escort someone but the kept falling through the floor. I have nothing good to say about this game. It is one of the worst games of 2014. I cant believe I wasted my money on this piece of garbage. I strongly reccomend not buying this game until Ubisoft fixes all of the bugs in the game."
76561198006622118,Not Recommended,289650,12935353,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,tino.de.cruyenaere,Can't even start this♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!
76561198086909431,Recommended,289650,17592784,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,nobodyspecial,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awsome.the only down side was that the controles are a bit uncomfutible but thats it
,Recommended,289650,21555296,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,eh,"Now that Ubisoft fixed it, it is actually pretty fun."
,Not Recommended,289650,14868743,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,sherman.root,"To start i have a high end computer and didnt expect proplems like other people, surprisingly this game still runs awful and has constant low frames even though it had such potential to be an amazing game. Would not reccomend until its fixed in later patchs (i doubt it will or a long time). 4/10"
,Recommended,289650,22008751,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Doomsdrzej,"I haven't finished the game yet but had to comment on the expected performances issues. I am playing this title on a MSI GT72 with 16GB of RAM and a 970M. On it, the game is smooth and doesn't chop at all. I can't tell whether it was like this from the initial release or whether the pleasant experience is the result of patches but it works well which is great because the game is as good as the other Assassin's Creed titles if not prettier."
,Not Recommended,289650,12937620,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Xx_MadSensei_xX,"Ubisoft was one of my favorite gaming companies but since Watch Dogs i've been losing all hope and respect i had for them because they dont respect us, gamers aswell. Im tired of this crap. EA, Ubisoft, Activison, they all make games with only goal in their minds, that is to make money, they dont care if we have a good time playing their games, they only care about building the hype so everyone can be fooled by them, I QUIT. i wont give any more money to those greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, im sick of paying 70 bucks to BETA testing their games, i hope they all go bankruptcy.This game is broke is unplayable, it is frustating because it had all to be the game of the year but they messed up, AGAIN.Good day to everyone."
,Not Recommended,289650,27640287,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dreejavu,"While the performance was fine for me, this game still mainly consists of bugs and glitches. There's nothing worse than trying to be immersed in this world built around the French Revolution and being abruptly disturbed by NPCs flying through your screen.Literally during the intro where you play as young Arno, 10 minutes into the game, there were incredible glitches that should never ever be able to pass quality assurance and be shipped in a released and patched product respectively. Those glitches are not just some minor stuff you could choose to condone. I could not help but laugh at the cut scene in which I was forced to watch the back of my character's head for 30 seconds because someone at Ubisoft apparently managed to ♥♥♥♥ up the camera angle in the dialogue. It would be hilarious if it weren't so freaking sad.Long story short, I refunded AC:Unity. Simply because the immersive open world you're walking through is severely disturbed by so much glitching and reloading. Maybe you'll have fun with the game if you can get a deal for 5 or maybe 10 euros. But it really isn't worth anything more than that."
,Recommended,289650,29906861,Posted: 13 February,all,Lennon,"This game is underrated in my opinion, really is not that bad as people make it sound. I know it had a lot of bugs at start, but now it is running really well. I don´t think i ran into any bugs actually during my gameplay of around 100 hours.The strongest part about the game is definetly the graphics and enviroment in whole, it is easy to see they have put a lot of effort in that.The weakest part is probably the enemy AI and story - story was a bit dull in my opinion and enemies were extremely dumb - though i guess if they were smart, game would become much harder."
76561198058423888,Recommended,289650,22036483,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,o15YellowGT5oh,"If you have the hardware, this game is visually stunning."
76561197969875452,Not Recommended,289650,12926965,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Vastronaut,My first crash after 20 minutes in game. Screen and sound froze. System totally locked and a hard reset was required. Nvidia.. the way it's meant to crash.
,Not Recommended,289650,24103350,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,fifadol,"It is awkward since players tend to Change the System or game files in order to get a work around the problems they face while playing (Crashes, GPU issues, Light and textures issues .. etc)there are positive things indeed ... but The Negatives are countlessIn Summary.. The Game is Broken"
,Recommended,289650,17122666,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,toasty,"This game reminds me a lot of AC2. It seems that Ubisoft has tried to take the series back to the elements that people loved in the earlier games, and so far I have really enjoyed Unity. It is a shame that it was released in such a technical mess, and I really wish game companies like Ubisoft would get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and stop releasing broken products to paying fans of a reputable series.However, as of now the game does not seem to have any gamebreaking glitches. I can run it at 40-60 fps on my system and I haven't noticed any stuttering or graphics errors (using a GTX 970 [4GB VRAM] and an Intel i5-4690). I bought it for half price during the summer sale and I have absolutely no complaints.I'm only a couple of hours into the game so far, but the storyline and gameplay are very entertaining. When this game was released I probably wouldn't have recommended it, but now I believe it is worth the time and money."
,Recommended,289650,20361002,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Whistler,"Interesting these reports of crashing and the like. I've had a rare crash during the splash screen ubisoft logo (which I suspect is actually codec related) but otherwise it runs grandly. 74 hours in and it's a gorgeous experience of 19th century France.A few pet peeves to be sure but they're minor and easily worked around. Sometimes Arno won't catch the exact spot I want him to catch during a parkour ascent or descent and will get me (sometimes) in trouble. Also, in a couple really cramped instances Arno was putting away his weapon instead of parrying or attacking. All of this is easily remedied by efficient bomb use and perhaps changing the setting of the fight if you are fighting at all.All in all I love the new fight system. It now feels fair as the NPCs have just as much an ability to kill you as you do them. You must be quick, attentive, and resourcful to win fights. Gear only helps mitigate your mistakes...and you will make mistakes. I love how the civilians will jump in from time to time and take some of the fire and steel off me. In fact in one particular mission I recall you can actually use several civs to start a riot, there-by allowing you a clandestine entrance to a certain location. This version of the series actually makes you have to plan your assaults, and I for one like the change from the almost super-hero like fighting abilities from Conner to Shay. Those were all fun and great games, but the combat system wears thin after so many titles.Make no mistake, you will die alot at first, but you will learn if you stick with it.Windows 10 x64 Profesionali7-5820k@4 GhzASROCK Extreme4 x991x850 EVO SSDZotac 980 Ti Amp Extreme16 GB DDR4Running on Ultra@1080p. :steamhappy: Frame rate drops only happen to me when I'm in the most peaceful area within Paris... your headquaters, which isn't so bothersome considering you aren't in any danger.Never buy it? If you're not up to the challenge then by-all-means, stay away. From a veteran of all the games (save the PSP one) it's fun and exciting. Wish more would use the voice feature to coordinate but for the most part, as long as you stick together and you come prepared (read as: inventory stocked) you can still pull it off even if you suck.Remember, there is no shame in running to fight another time. If you're overwhelmed, use multiple bombs if you have to and run like the wind."
,Recommended,289650,21185321,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,NightFox,"Beautiful game, well done ubisoftMy best game after ac29/10 coz of***SPOILER ALERT**Élise's deathf**k u ac and ur f*cking sad endings ./."
76561198048771606,Recommended,289650,21196131,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Be-Ur-420,"Best creed ever. Coop free roam, if you have any friends at all you will enjoy this game. Please positively review this game. Devs deserve mad props, I love you guys."
,Not Recommended,289650,15015971,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Michael Sly,"I really want to recommend this game. I really do. I wasn't compelled to write a review for this game until playing Assassin's Creed: Rogue. I'll explain a little later.The huge scope is amazing - it takes during the French Revolution, a time period that defined the modern era. It has many great features: co-op multiplayer, player customization, a large amount of weapons and gear which can fit each person's play style, plenty of collectables, better free-running, more emphasis on stealth than past titles. It's clear to me the development team tried to create an honest AC game post-sailing by returning to form. I actually LIKE the gameplay in this one, which is apparently different from many others' opinions. The downside in my opinion to gameplay is the emphasis on still having to pay for credits to purchase expensive gear. You can wait to accumulate the amount of in-game money, but it stresses on how it does take and hopes players end up purchasing another type of currency to milk as much as they can out of you.My biggest gripe: This game is optimized flat-out terribly for the PC. Absolutely atrocious. The game was designed to be more difficult and previous functions that people were used to, such as being able to whistle, were taken out. With more challenging gameplay, it only emphasizes how terrible this game runs. Framerate is depressing, so actions you input take a half-second to punch in - you'll end walking around a corner too fast and end being spotted, or if you're in combat and you try to parry, you'll end up getting hit anyway. Sure, this game gives you a fair amount of graphic options, but nearly every single one you'll try will only help with framerate issues just a little bit. You'll end up having to change graphic options via roundabout ways and STILL the performance is near-negligable. This game was designed to be quite pretty, but I'm the kind of person who prefers toned-back graphics to actual gameplay and high framerates.Compare this with Rogue and it's no competition. Rogue is the ultimate utopia for the PC gamer performance-wise; it runs better than Unity, Black Flag, and (in my experience) AC3. I'd like to think Ubisoft decided to listen to the PC community's reception on Unity and decided to learn from their mistakes, take their time with the release date on Rogue, and iron out any potential performance issues. Hopefully Rogue is the standard on performance Ubisoft will use when measuring up any future AC titles.TL;DR: skip Unity by all means if you know what's good for you. I can't even recommend it even if it was on sale for $10. Rogue is the one you'll absolutely want, and I'd argue the full price for that one is worth it."
,Not Recommended,289650,33432587,Posted: 10 July,all,AND I'M FREEEEEE,"If you have an nvidia card with a driver released after 2015, avoid this game at all costs. Somewhere along the line they broke the shaders and as a result the ""glitch"" sequences where you travel forward in time cause eye-searing graphical corruptions. There are fixes, such as downgrading your drivers or ramping up your MSAA, but both make a poorly performing game run worse. Unless you have a beast of a rig that could endure either of those solutions this is game isn't worth picking up on PC, I'm afraid.It's a shame really, since a lot of the time this game is absolutely beautiful to look at even 3 years after its disaster of a launch. :("
76561198052267644,Not Recommended,289650,13215771,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,vitco,What is wrong with ubisoft? Each patch makes the game less playable.
76561198106319757,Recommended,289650,16495295,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SCULLY,"I LOVE THIS GAME! It is probably my favourite assassins creed I dont know why people hate it its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.I dont know why people hated the combat system eather, it isnt easy at first but once you get used to it, it grabs a special place in your heart. I'm not going to lie I liked black flags combat system a bit more this game would be even better if it had it, but the combat system in this adds a bit of a challange. I thought that it would be worse than it is but nope its a lot better. Plus there is customization and the customization is good. oh and for some reason i can run this with a 660. sorry if i spelt things wrong."
,Not Recommended,289650,12885792,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,warferret,Maybe if I could actually get into the game I would give it a good review but since I CAN NOT even after all the solutions of verfying the files. rebooting. installing updates. and other attempts i still get a ACU.exe error. Game is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198118531236,Not Recommended,289650,15641979,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Officer Nice,"This game still runs like sheeeeeit. And for that alone, you should not buy it. We have to take a stand and demand that our games AT LEAST run properly."
,Not Recommended,289650,12955969,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,M|,"This is a waste of money, I feel fooled."
,Not Recommended,289650,12958786,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,♠Sp3ctre🇨🇦,"I want to give it a great review, but I can't.ACU has great graphics and A MASSIVE Potential, but for now this is a game that will just annoy and frustrate its owners. The FPS is just awful for me, but I run it on a i5-3317U core, Windows 8.1, I really want to hope that that is the problem but I just can't do that either. I mean come on, isn't it rule #1 not to ship a broken game? Once Ubisoft gets some type of patch to address the bugs and FPS, then I can write a review that gives ACU a chance at Game of the Year even, but for now just save your time and money, who knows maybe they'll cut the price during the holidays.Sincerly, a disapointed gamer...Updated:Well after months of sitting in my library, I finally was able to play this installment to the series. I've got to say, it actually wasn't that bad. Take in mind that yes, you do need next gen. graphics, BUT I was able to play it on a EVGA GTX 750 Ti, paired with a pretty crummy A6 5400k. Now this game only gave 12-25 FPS, but hey it was actually fun when you finally get to play it. One thing I will complain about is the lack of a weapon wheel, I mean seriously? The hidden blade was the SIGNATURE of Assassin's Creed, but I never really got to use it. Further, some of the infiltrate, and assassinate missions do get redundent. Also why did the gear COST so much, and yet story quest gave so LITTLE? However, this story does an alright job, but didn't have much to do with the French Revolution. So while it may be poorely optimized for some, it turned out to be a decent and atleast intertaining Assassin's game. (Don't worry if you want puzzle solving, the Dead Kings DLC, which was made free for all, gives you that, and is a GREAT place to earn some much needed franks.) BUT in total, I wouldnt interely recomend this, its kinda just meh, once you can actually play."
76561198034516274,Recommended,289650,19284672,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Tripps,Best AC game so far ...  by far.  Have a feeling I may be playing this one for awhile.  I highly recommend it to my friends.  :)  We can do co-op's  if anyone is interested.
,Not Recommended,289650,12925013,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Rhino,Need i say more?
,Not Recommended,289650,12945074,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,reven,"Runs nice on ultra on a GTX 970, except it crashes.  In 6 hours of gameplay it has crashed 8 times.  So do not buy unil they fix that.  So annoying, so very annoying."
76561198137198962,Not Recommended,289650,13873272,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,hippieofwar,"Seriously, Screw everyone grubby little finger who pulls a dollar out of this game"
,Not Recommended,289650,18738012,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,LIKEUCARE,"WARNING... SPOILERS FROM PREVIOUS ASSASSIN'S CREED GAMES AND UNITYAfter awaiting a full year before attempting a playthrough of this game and the imminent release of the new yearly iteration, I had ""the obligation"" (it felt like that really) to tamper with the game and try to enjoy most of it! Thanks for that rushed out release, the game took months to be playable so all in all, the waiting wasn't too bad!Assassin's Creed: Unity is not a bad game per say. But in my opinion, it is a bad Assassin's Creed game. My main interest of this franchise is where the meta story is heading, what's the mysteries of the First Civilization and heck, what the hell is going on ever with Juno's disappearance since killing Desmond on Assassin's Creed 3? This iteration doesn't feel like a canonical follow-up in the main setting storyline.Instead, you barely have anything to do on the modern setting. Bland and boring setting. Now that Desmond Miles is out of the portrait, the new unknown guy from BLACK FLAG you played as in the Abstergo Entertainment Montreal studios had little to offer in the main Templar vs Assassin everlasting confict. That setting felt forced and I had hoped AC: Unity, that the modern setting will be much more developed, just like AC3 and before. But nope! Here in Unity, you don't get ""out"" of that Animus chair and you only get some quick briefing inside the Animus from the Hacker girl and the awkward Shawn, who keeps whining as much as before. Heck, you aren't even told ""who you are"", if you are still the same guy as AC IV!I'm still really annoyed that that portion of the story was ignored. From Altair to Ezio and to Connor, these characters had SOMETHING to offer towards Desmond Miles point of view! Such a missed opportunity to this failed launch, rushed story and a huge step backwards from previous AC games.PROS:+Fantastic visuals! I gotta give credit to Ubisoft's artists & developers, each AC games keeps being better visually.+Animus story is more or less good. French Revolution is rushed and not enough detailed. The Templar vs Assassin's conflict is still present at least.+The gameplay got improved considerably. You can now climb up and down faster and I really loved that new mechanic!+Missions offers more flexibility to complete them, compared to past AC games where you were forced to do an objective as how the designer has established.+CO-OP Missions and objectives can be fun at times!+PREORDERS of AC UNITY GOLD were given a free select Ubisoft game, from the failed launch of Unity. Season pass was cancelled and Ubisoft offered DEAD KING'S DLC for free for select orders.CONS:-Uplay still present as ever!-Catastrophic game launch! Must've been Ubisoft's worse game launch ever as the game was plagued with gamecrashing bugs! It took them days, weeks and surely months to make the game playable. I still experienced a few big bugs and one notable PC freeze... had to force-Reboot.-NO MEANINGFUL MODERN DAY CONTENT (if you really love the AC meta story, then you can just skip this game and/or read the Wikipedia of the game!).-No idea who you are in the modern day setting. Who is the ""initiate""? Why is he voluntary to the animus so willingly? You just don't feel connected into the AC storyline at all!-British accents in... Paris? I would have expected FRENCH accentspour l'amour de Dieu!-Missed opportunities with ""les Catacombes"" which made that area little purpose to explore.-Helix hacker points... pay real money to buy in-game items, weapons... TRULY PATHETIC!-Rushed out weak final boss fight.-Pointless collectibles, side missions... who feels more like chores than actual fun gameplay. I ended up skipping them all mostly.-Poor Eiffel Tower inclusion... about 10 minutes long and offers nothing much from this ""Animus Glitch"".-Limited replay value.-Pointless mobile Companion app. Glad it got canned so you can open select chests in-game now.OVERALL:VERY DISAPPOINTED! Right from the start of this game, I began to feel the AC FATIGUE, which floods you with pointless tasks and collectibles the same as all previous AC games. But in Unity, it really was badly designed. I did managed to do one thing fully and it was the Nostradamus riddles, which unlocks a cool Assassin Medieval Outfit. Aside of this, I just stuck with the main storyline.Like I said in my review intro, AC UNITY is not a bad game, but a really poor game set in the AC universe. The gameplay is solid and truly improved upon previous games but aside from that, I can't find anything else to recommend this game for. Unity is a huge step backwards!Ubisoft, if you are really reading this, you really should slow down with the yearly release and focus on making a better game instead. What will happen once you run out of ""cool historical cities""?!? Exactly! And also, make a better modern story as well!RECOMMENDATION:-IF YOU ARE AN HARDCORE FAN OF EVERYTHING AC: Get the game someday and have fun!-IF YOU ARE AN AVERAGE FAN OF AC: SKIP UNITY! You won't miss anything on the MODERN SETTING!-IF YOU ARE NEW to the AC franchise: Unity is not be the ideal choice to begin the franchise.RATING:5.0 / 10DEAD KING'S DLCFrom Unity's catastrophic launch, this DLC was offered free to owners of the game. So there already, this is a good pro! The meat of Dead King's is set in a new region of France, the provincial town of Franciade and there, you go in an artifact hunt... mainly, a First Civilization Apple of Eden! From the start, you get the same kind of missions and side missions of Unity. The new additions are: new weapons like the guillotine guns (fun to use!), new outfits, costumes and a lantern that is used to solve the many puzzles DK DLC has. Gameplay-wise, you have outposts to clear à la Far Cry 3-4. Overall, this is a decent DLC and a worthy addition of the main game!RATING:7.0 / 10...Now, gotta take a break from the AC franchise as I'm feeling very fatigued of it!"
,Recommended,289650,19378197,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Wander,Magnifique.
76561198027381946,Recommended,289650,19687102,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Warden,"I was afraid to buy this game until the exploration sale. Because the reviews were - and still are - mixed. But i wanted to take a shot anyway. And i must say i am quite satisfied. I didn't see the release date version of AC: Unity but 1.5 version is playable. There is no 3-9 fps range anymore. I encountered some fps drops ( min. 25 one time, usually 45 with network + - after closing network, it increased. Don't know why. ), funny bugs ( flying goat, chicken, walking folded military outfits, dancing / waving bodies after death etc. ). They were too few to count with fingers though.As for the graphics, impressive. After you enter the game you will realize why it took so long to fix it and make it playable. Everything in AC: Unity world is well designed, no more needs to say.Gameplay is new like the graphics. You can't fight against 20 soldier at the same time like the old games. And this is a good thing. After getting used to it, sword fight was boring. Now after i saw the 7+ pack i run or kill a few with ranged weapons before going onto them. Free run, climbing and descending is more fun and estethic. I can't say the same thing about controls. Ubi has a bad habit to make a bad controlling since Prince of Persia. Do you want to descend softly? No, here's a leap of death for you. Do you want to get inside through the window? Nope, climb to the roof or descend more. On free walk it's harmless. But if you want to do these on a mission and you want to do the that with stealth, you will have some hard times.Arno & Élise can't take the Ezio's place but they are memorable compared to other AC characters. Main missions weren't bad at all. But the presentation of the missions are too short. For example i would like to see more about his mentor, lover, creed to get all the details. But what's done is done and we need to make do with them. The more you playing story, it pulls you more to itself to the end. But when you want more, it doesn't give that you want. Things are happening good but they are happening so fast. As for the side missions, they are too many. I lost myself time to time on the map when it comes to Paris stories, rifts, murder mysteries, crowd events etc. Due to lack of players i did some co-op missions solo though. They are pretty hard when i was try to do them alone.The last one that i like is equipment, outfit, skill system. These are making your assassin more custom. You are free to create your own assassin. You can change their weapon styles, skills, outfits ( cosmeticly ) and armors. There's a lot of options.Companion app is giving you a valuable chests, but i couldn't see more effect on the game so i don't think you need to play with nomad brotherhood on the phone.- After the Italy series, Unity is the most enjoyable game. Ubisoft wanted to do something new with old series. And for their efforts, they have my respect. They could've give us more AC with same play style, same graphics, same boring puzzles and some mysterious women speeches that never can resolve. But maybe even Ubi bored to give the same Ac over and over lol.  They maybe failed on the release date but complete version of this game is don't deserve a ""mixed"" reviews. If you still have suspicions, give it a shot on the next sales and try for 2 hours. You will see the difference.8,5 / 10"
,Not Recommended,289650,12944061,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,GamerRaizen,"I really don't need to say anything about the ridiculous amount of bugs because all you have to do is Google Assassin's Creed: Unity and you'll see everything you need to know. I will say this though, I'm so frustrated with this game that I want a refund. Ubisoft took something with so much potential and ruined it by releasing it with such an outrageous amount of bugs that the game isn't even playable. I'm a die hard AC fan and have played and beaten each and everyone of them.Even though AC:III had it's fair share of glitches, this.... by far is the biggest goof that I've ever seen. Don't waste your money. I'll return to AC: Black Flag while I patiently wait for Inquisition."
,Not Recommended,289650,13727301,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bob Ro$$,"Game is unplayable on my rig, and it's not because of my rig.  I've been waiting since it came out, and still haven't been able to complete the game.  Still getting random freeze/hangs that ruin gameplay and SLI is now broken with patch 4.  DO NOT BUY for pc.  I would love a refund, but that won't happen.  Never buying from UBISOFT again!"
76561198002195140,Recommended,289650,19811793,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Toxic,"I was a bit leary of this game with all of the negative reviews out about it. However I picked it up cheap on a steam sale because I am a big fan of the series. I have not gotten a single graphics glitch on it, and it runs mostly smoothly late into the game. The controls are a bit sticky, but nothing new to the series as there has always been a problem with the controls figuring out what you want your character to do lol.I have read a lot of reviews complaining that it's the same gathering game and climbing tall buildings... Yes it is an Assassin's Creed game they are about collecting tropheys, stealth, fighting, Assassinating people, and completing the little in game events. This is what the series is about. Call of Duty you are going to have a gun and go shoot people. That is what we enjoy about the games. Odds are if you enjoyed the other games in the series you will enjoy this one.I really like the game's protaginist Arno, he is a likeable character. It has a decent storyline and once again I have fun the the period of time and the setting. I really like the visuals in this game. In short if you like Assassin's Creed you will like this game."
,Recommended,289650,35231883,Posted: 26 September,all,Yuiiski,"I am really enjoying it, the game is gorgeous and the music is probably my favourite in the series. The characters are really likeable and the game runs a lot better than it did when it first released.If you haven't played it you should definitely pick it up while its on sale because I really do believe its worth it."
,Not Recommended,289650,29217505,Posted: 12 January,all,Dimitri Cosmos ✅,"The game looks very promising, but on Windows 10 (and probably on other systems, as well), it is constantly crashing after 10-15 minutes of gameplay and on some cutscenes. (Note: my PC is more than capable to run this game at high and even ultra high settings)Thissolutionand disabling theTabletInputServicedidn't help me."
76561198093177302,Recommended,289650,23113212,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Shaun,After replaying this game many years later and being one of the unfortunate victims to pre-order this game I can confidentally say that this game has been abandoned. It's playable and I recommend buying it on a sale but if you're looking for the powerhouse game they originally advertised it as then you're in the wrong place and I recommend you move to the witcher series for a much more powerful and interesting story and much more reasonable prices.
,Recommended,289650,23842962,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ЭЩКЕРЕ,potato
76561198166610529,Recommended,289650,17683838,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,furkaHD,"10/10 would buy again if not for some of the bugs, with the bugs its more like a 7/10. Still a great game none the less!"
,Recommended,289650,19326026,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Sage,"Okay so, I've just bought this game on sale for about half the price, I've wanted to try this game ever since I saw it come out.Ubisoft hoooooooly♥♥♥♥♥♥please optimize your games. I have a GTX 770 4GB, and a i7 3770s 3.7GHZ. I'm not even running this game at full graphics and its lagging, not terrible lagg to where it's not playable, but it's almost never 60 FPS. Especially in dense areas. There is also some glitches, the combat seems slow and it seems glitchy, civilians glitching everywhere, parkour is glitchy sometimes but relatively pretty damn good. BUT, all this stuff doesn't mean it's a bad game.If you buy it on sale it's a good buy for sure, Yeah it has its lagg, and its glitches, but the gameplay still is very well done and the missions are very interesting. The combat is actually quite difficult for once unlike the other titles, which I quite like actually.To sum it up if you're going to buy this game, buy it on sale. It is NOT, I repeat NOT. Worth the full price. It's a good game, if you want it buy it. Serves quite a bit of time for fun."
,Recommended,289650,18564233,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,AngelADrift,Despite all the bugs in the begining i Truly loved this game! My favorite of the Assassins games which made it difficult to play all the other creed games because of the playability. The graphics are stunning and the side quests fun. Though the multiplayer ones were a problem until i found someone here at home to play with. All in all I only got stuck once and i just teleported. I have gotten stuck on the others many more times than here so I have found that they fixed all the bugs and it is a beautiful game to play! I have found no stock to any of the complaints and I have beat the game and the side quests. I definitely reccomend this game!!!
76561197978892226,Not Recommended,289650,12947722,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Shadow Fox,Game is a nest of bugs. Even with a direct graphics driver update there's still graphic errors. Can't even get further into the game due to a certain missions simply bugging out at the same spot everytime.Beyond this the game graphically is very pretty.Controls are junk due to a really bad port from consoles.
,Recommended,289650,17519178,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,JimmySlays,"So almost a year after it's been released, I think I can finally give an honest review that does the game justice.Pros+:+New combat system, which is harder and a lot more fun compared to previous titles.+New stealth mode, which captures the moral of a TRUE assassin.+New parkour buttons, for parkouring upwards and downwards, which make parkour so much smoother.+An awesome story that occurs in the French revolution, which is personally one of my favorite historic events.+A big variety of missions, collectibles and side missions that make the game more fun, so there's always what to do.+An online co-op system, in which you could join other players in missions that are exclusive to the online gameplay.+The atmosphere is captivating and very expressive. Makes you feel like you're really in a revolution.+The graphics are heavenly stunning. They give the feeling of what you'd remember Paris to be like in that period of time instead of making you feel like it's happening now.Cons--Glitches that make the game unplayable at time. i.e. glitching through buildings or falling underground.-Low frame rates. Even on a powerful computer the game still struggles to find stability.-Freezing and frame drops are annoying as hell, and most of the times it makes you put your controller down and quit.-Graphics glitches, which to me were minimal to nonexistent.This game is broken!It could've been a great game, because the gameplay, atmosphere, story, mission variety, combat system, graphics and mechanics of it are almost flawless! Yet my PC (runs GTAV, Far Cry 4, etc.. at 30-50FPS) still struggles to find out how a game with such technical flaws works, which ,for that matter, it doesn't.The frame drops, freezing, and low frame rates are disgustingly annoying, still after a year of the game being released and patched a bunch of times!Moral of the story, you'd be better off playing this game on a console, since Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ed up big time on this one.Here's to the next title, and here's to hoping they get it together, technically, since they have a solid gameplay base.Good luck!"
76561198132746993,Not Recommended,289650,13021714,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Mr.PoLiTiCs,"With the potential Assasin's Creed Unity has, it's all in vain with bad FPS.  In running 2 EVGAs 760s in SLI and can't catch a break with low settings and resloutions.  I hope that gtx 980 can handle it. Not touching a Titan Black."
,Recommended,289650,14875007,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Minoxs,"Patch 5 fixed most of the performance issues.The Optimization can be compared with Shadow of Mordor.Some FPS drops here and there, but nothing horrible. (I have a medium PC)Playing on High. 1280x720p.IMO: NOW the game was Really released."
76561198015722835,Not Recommended,289650,12927235,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Alex,"Look at right side of store page. There are 14 languages which game must support.But I have only russian text and russian/french audio. Yes I am from Russia, butI want original English version.In other Steam games I can download other language pack but here I can't.And yes, performance of game is very poor, but at least there is System Requirements althoughthey are very high, but they exists. There are no messages about language restriction."
,Not Recommended,289650,12945374,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Dev_Lowe,ACU.exe has stopped working.Please patch this. I downloaded the game for the third time now and did a clean insallation to all my drivers on Geforce.i5-44068gb ramgtx745I can now play the game on low settings. i had to switch my port to hdmi. and changed the resolution from there.
,Recommended,289650,31215715,Posted: 18 April,all,EZIO18RIP,Great game! But what is wrong with Onlin co op? Bcz for that i special bought this game :(
,Not Recommended,289650,13018566,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MR.SILVERSTRIKE,"I would not recommend Unity as it was released and in its current state. It's not inherently a bad game (there are flashes of brilliance throughout the campaign) and co-op is a welcome addition. Paris looks stunning. There's only a handful of characters that stand out, which is unfortunate. Especially Black Flag had much more engaging characters than this year's release. If the game was technically sound, I would still recommend it. However, the game runs really poorly, and there's macrotransactions in the game as well which are quite in-your-face: in the menu the store is the second item! Are you kidding me? There's even chests that cannot be opened without a companion app (which doesn't work half of the time) and costumes locked behind their ridiculous AC Initiates system, which isn't even fully functional.This game:1) was released too early; should have had more testing done2) is gameplay-wise & unlock-wise flawed; e.g. macrotransactions, weird unlocks3) has annoying reminders that there's other things to do but play the game (initiates, companion app, uplay, etc)4) has a rather disappointing story; e.g. Napoleon doesn't even appear more than THREE times, even though he was cites as a major character; some parts are good, some parts are just... boring5) runs poorly; patches have been promised but you will most likely still need beefy hardware (avoid for now -- still poor performance as of patch 4)It's not all bad. If you enjoy AC games, you might want to consider it down the line (if its issues are patched!). But for now, it was a major disappointment, and I wasn't even hyped that much. It's a beautiful game with a lot of flaws and annoyances. So, unfortunately, for now, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198128980094,Not Recommended,289650,31838377,Posted: 19 May,all,Schnitzel,i tried to play it but it always bugs out and stuff like WTFthe plot story is i guees kind of interesting but the game it self isnt done right3\10 will Delete this game again
,Recommended,289650,23035639,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Scrumptical,Pièce de résistance of the Assassin's Creed franchise!
76561198079107947,Not Recommended,289650,14485181,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Pac Man,Too laggy to play.
,Not Recommended,289650,12987714,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Innawoods,"Not ready for PC release. Graphics look worse than AC2 and controls are unreliable at best.I returned this game to Steam, and I urge anyone else to do the same until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
76561197972606516,Not Recommended,289650,12998156,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Luciano StarKiller,"You should wait for patch 100 before playing...Good story line and characters but a very rushed game with immense performance problems, Far Cry 4 has better graphics and run smoother.Edit:Up to this day the game is still poorly optimized and the gameplay stands at a low point in the series.I recently got a major hardware upgrade but it still lags and while I want to finish the game it is just because I like the franchise and want to try to immerse myself in the plot, however, I may not be able to play it til the end if ubisofts crappy server keeps pluging me out of my missions while the lousy controls keep making them harder."
,Recommended,289650,19155583,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,williad,"The story isn't perfect, but its fun. I like the revised mechanics, and it looks good.Ubisoft fixed all of the bugs, now it runs just fine.The only thing that's actually wrong with this game is Ubisoft's insistence on microtransactions.If you like the series, it's worth playing. Its fun, and that's what really matters.A lot of the flack this game recieved is about small, nitpicky things, or about the release--which was botched entirely at the fault of Ubisoft. I think they learned their lesson, and a messed up release isn't a good enough reason not to play."
76561198028104212,Recommended,289650,18622393,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Lost 後輩,"So many reviews complaining about performance alone, I feel it needs a good review.Character wise, I did not like Arno, he just didnt have the effect of previous characters like Edward, Ezio or even Connor, and yes... I did like Connor, but thats because his actions felt genuine, here you essentially play an unlikable prettyboy with alot of money. Essentially Colonial Justin Bieber.Story wise, I loved the locations, the freedom, the flow of events and watching Paris change as the revolution unfolds, it truely let my love of historical events run wild, Napoleon's appearance was the cherry ontop of the cake to all this for me.Now with graphics, I was fine, whilst it was clear the game was unoptomised, my system was able to run it on the AMD Raedon 290X 4GB card, 8 i7 CPU's and a 16 GB RAM, these spects were able to run it on high/ultra between 45-50 FPSAnother this I loved, was combat, I hope the changes brought around in ACU will continue in later games of the series will follow it's combat style. Combat in ACU was finally a challenge, no longer were you an invulnerable walker tank, in ACU a couple of guards with some smart shooting are able to take you down in moments, if not they will easily try to outnumber you. Guards are finally more agressive, and never hold back on a chance to attack and instead unleash their full rage upon you, many times have I fallen to the city guards finishing moves and accurate shots.The game does offer a system of buying in-game money with real money however this is not necessary if you remember to upgrade your cafe, much like the Auditore mansion of AC2."
76561198059843944,Recommended,289650,24879435,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,torchon chiffon carpette,i'm going to do a review of 100 lines just to tell you how much i hate ubisoft but how i keep buying each of their games even though they're god awful and they'll never get better but somehow i managed to keep being the same idiot and buy the same game every year with the same flaws everytimeMy processor is dying / 10 angry reviewers thinking they're food criticsi hate food critics
,Not Recommended,289650,12929361,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,A wild OchiDO,"Bueno el juego esta muy mal optimizado y tengo que jugarlo bajandole los graficos ba♥♥♥♥♥os desde el panel de control de la targeta grafica porque en el juego no deja bajar nada casi...Despues la historia no me ha gustado mucho... no voy a spoilear pero la verdad no me gusto...No puedes jugar online y matar a otros asesinos como los otros assassins creed, este es solo cooperativo, osea que hacer las misiones una y otra vez, y mira que ha hi pocas.No lo recomiendo... Lo jugareis muy poco."
76561198055517347,Not Recommended,289650,13012507,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,St. Michael,"Don't get me wrong, This is an amazing game. The graphics look great, I get nice FPS, the main plot is complex and interesting, the gameplay and parkour is better then ever. Yet, there is always some issue with this game. I played to about sequence 5 when my save data got corrupted. Great. I play back to where I was, bu guess what, now there are random crahses. Really? Now, I can't even launch the game. It just crashes. Its a great game, but right now its unplayable. Just wait for it to go on sale later when they have patched the crashing issues."
76561198151931762,Not Recommended,289650,13008667,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Baneofpie,Game used to work fine (or at least okay) with only a glitch here and there for a while and now all of the sudden it crashes every time i try to launch. Thanks Ubisoft. Suck my balls.
76561198102198309,Not Recommended,289650,12944318,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Mjorkus,Patch 2 fixes flickering! Still flickering...The game itself I love but I would wait until it works to buy it...
76561198045055647,Not Recommended,289650,12948773,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Optimus Grime,"The game is good.  I like the story and the gameplay.  The new combat is more difficult and forces you to play it a little safer when approaching situations.  Problem is that the GOD AWFUL optimization makes the game completely unplayable.  Forget stealth because lag, rubberbanding, random 180 degree camera turns, framerate drops, and falls through the map make sneaky approaches damn near impossible.  Same thing on the combat side.  If an enemy pulls a gun, game over.  Framerate drops will cause you to not even see it, much less dodge it.  The situation gets even worse in co-op.  The epic cutscenes are ruined by the framerate drops and texture pop in, which is a shame, because they felt very well crafted.  I'm upset that this turned out so poorly.  I love the series, and I love the game, but the optimization is so bad that it makes it a chore to play, if you can play it at all.  The recently released patch did next to nothing as well.  I don't know exactly who is to blame here, but it saddens me that they ruined this game for us."
76561198078040328,Not Recommended,289650,16148487,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,SHMIZZLE,"Never had trouble with Ubisoft games before, but this one makes me question whether I'll buy another one again.  I even waited patiently with patch after patch but it still runs awfull.  It is really a shame because if this was optimized for PC even a little bit it would be a great game.  Running this in SLI (or Crossfire equvilant) makes the game stutter horribly."
,Not Recommended,289650,12949987,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ramon609,this game is horribly optimised.... even after 2 patches the game STILL ♥♥♥♥ing crashes when i literally just came back from where i started (right after the very first cutscene where the templars were betrayed) its still unplayable for me and it pisses me off SO ♥♥♥♥ING BAD!! that i want either a full refund back or they pay me 50 euro's back because this game is a total worth of 10 euro's to me not 60 euro's it saddens me that games these days are just thrown at you while they are just not bug free its always about the ♥♥♥♥ing money not enjoying what you do... its like ''hey heres a broken game have fun you ♥♥♥♥tard!!'' i keep hoping that some company takes you over ubidickcheese and i hope they will do a better job than you ever did before
76561198119752050,Not Recommended,289650,12962603,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[WTMLS]DrewAndy,"I have an alien ware computer and I am still having trouble with this game. When I go to the home screen evrything is white... Also when it tells me what the controlls are its just white also, $60 down the drain"
76561198027288444,Not Recommended,289650,12914148,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Ivana Humpalot,"Crashes all the time, falling through the world, really need a patch or something"
,Not Recommended,289650,12885288,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TyC-Infiniti,16 min into playing and its already Frozen and crashed Twice......
,Not Recommended,289650,12896423,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ketchupracket,"Love seeing the ""mostly negative"" user reviews. I get some people may not have problems running the game but that's no reason to blast all the negative reviews. I don't think gamers are that spiteful to diss the Ubisoft game they just bought to play. I know it's my fault for blowing the 60 bucks when Ubisoft has a horrible PC port rep but I'm gonna wait and see if the game gets fixed at all. If not... jokes on me I guess."
76561198058837079,Not Recommended,289650,12992124,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MLG CupCakes,"how can you make ac such a rubbish game ? no present story are you even serious ? you add a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sage with less story than black flag and you present it as ""best AC ?"" it was worst than ac1 with square graphics ."
,Not Recommended,289650,12910250,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ICACuban,"At the moment i really do not recommend this game untill they fix all the bugs.. i pay for a game that crashes literaly every 15 minutes or so, and it makes the gaem unenjoyable to play."
,Not Recommended,289650,12910440,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Señor Knieves,Stay away from this if you have the bare minimun requirements. Game runs at 15 FPS everything on low.
76561197962630920,Not Recommended,289650,12908093,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Wind,"I should've read the reviews before I bought this game... Because everyone is absolutely right. The game is too buggy to play, I turned it off 5 minutes into the game. Please listen to everyone and Stay away. The worst part is I dont know how to get a refund."
76561198142071063,Not Recommended,289650,13486186,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Gino Garretti,"Game dosn't even work, FPS problems beyond belief"
76561197962886537,Recommended,289650,23355300,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,"D0L3, the Prince of Prostitutes","For AC fans, you have to play this game. However, compared to other AC games, this is by far the weakest (of the actual titles, not the mini-titles).The game is finally patched, allowing you to explore and collect everything without using any cell phone apps or doing any stupid 3rd party application BS. That being said, collecting everything has proven much more tedius than previous versions of the game. The combat feels more wonky than usual and unlike black flag, there are no more naval battles (sadly).In general, the story is good and it keeps you immersed in the AC universe."
76561198106149422,Not Recommended,289650,12910296,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Pingu,"Cant believe I spent 90 buck on this thing. I prepurchased, thinking that it would be a good game. Turns out, it cant even get past the NVIDIA screen. It just gets stuck on the black screen. Im not supporting Ubisoft until this is fixed."
,Not Recommended,289650,13355238,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Travis,Runs like a drunk clown.
,Not Recommended,289650,22481430,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Jay,"Assassin's Creed Unity is without a doubt one of the prettiest games in the series so far from a graphical standpoint. When running it on maximum settings this game looks simply breathtaking. All this beauty comes at a hefty price though. A lot has already been written and said about the dreadful bugs and complete lack of optimization that plagued the game at launch. Although Ubisoft have patched the game since then a lot of bugs still remain and the game still feels unpolished. Even with a powerful PC it will be almost impossible to get a steady frame rate of 60 without drastically lowering graphical options, and even when you arrive at an acceptable frame rate for your machine, it will still plunge at certain times for no good reason.Story wise the game is very straightforward and doesn't do much in terms of interesting storytelling. The main protagonist Arno isn't a badly written character or anything but he's simply not very interesting which goes for most of the other characters you'll meet in the game as well. Performance and voice acting wise it's all top-notch of course so nothing to complain about there. Also, the cut scenes are beautifully made and have some of the best motion capture quality I've seen in a game so far.Gameplay wise it's what you can expect in an Assassin's Creed game. As a sequel to Black Flag it's a big step down seeing as the game only takes place is one major city for most of the time. The city of Paris is stunning though and it's probably the most detailed city ever created in a game such as this. But the sheer repetition of side missions and activities is unforgivable in my opinion. Whereas Black Flag had some variety to it's gameplay in the form of side activities such as naval missions, hidden treasures, mini puzzles etc, Unity doesn't do anything new or remotely interesting making pretty much all the side content utterly boring. The big storyline missions don't do much better. Although they allow for a little more freedom on how you can approach a mission in the end it's still the same thing over and over again, kill the target, steal the item, protect this and that... C'mon Ubisoft this is just incredibly lazy game design.So is Unity worth it? If you're a fan of the series I suppose Unity provides an incredibly looking open city to explore but it's complete lack of variety will most likely annoy the hell out of you. Any non Assassin's Creed fan should pick up Black Flag instead because it offers a much better experience and doesn't require a beast of a machine to run properly."
,Not Recommended,289650,30054674,Posted: 20 February,all,// BLɅSH ブラッシュ,"You might as well just play this...http://store.steampowered.com/app/410320/Y'know.. for the bugs.. heh heh..Can only recommend to the true, original Assasin's Creed fans that are still trying to follow the story.Otherwise I can't recommend an unfinished, broken, and unoptimized product."
76561198006843478,Not Recommended,289650,12990948,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,^1Mr. Fister,"I will update this if patched.System:i7 92012gb RamGigabyte 7870Apple Cinema Display 30""I disregarded the overwhelming number of negative reviews and still bought this game.  My computer isn't nearly as powerful as it once was, but with a 7870, I can run most games on very high settings with decent FPS.  I figured that the bugs might be annoying, but with patches already being released, I wasn't too concerned.Big Mistake.In AC5, I can barely control the main character.  I wasn't even able to complete the opening sequence without quitting in frustration.  In fact, I can hardly control the menu when attempting to lower the graphics settings.I'm not expecting perfect frame rates with my system, but I at least should be able to play the game.  Shadow of Mordor worked fine.  AC4 ran perfectly.  Skyrim runs in 2650x1600 resolution in Ultra on my computer.This is just plain bad."
,Not Recommended,289650,12895942,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,jimmyzee,"This is an absolute mess. I am astounded, shocked, and quite frankly offended that Ubisoft screwed me out of 60 dollars. It took upward of twenty minutes just to get the game to launch, start, and arrive at the first cutscene, only for the framerate to instantly take a nosedive to about TWO FRAMES PER MINUTE. It finally started to pick up but was no where near 30 fps by the time of the first gameplay segment. The mouse was laggy, the frame rate horrid, and everything clearly unoptimized. THIS IS A BROKEN RELEASE. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I CAN'T EVEN PLAY IT BECAUSE THE FRAME RATE IS SO BAD AND THE RESPONSE SO LAGGY. Save your money for something better."
76561198014377124,Not Recommended,289650,12977842,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mr. Horse,"This game is absolutely horrible. It essentiall has the same basic play mechanics of a free to play game with pay walls, only you have to actually pay for the game first. You make virtually no money when completing missions and the only effective way to make money is by buying up properties and litterally just waiting for the game to give you money. You could do long, boring, tedious, and repettitive side missions if you like but I prefer to just leave the game running while I go out and do stuff. This is the only effective way to upgrade your equipment in this game unless you want to pay real world money to get new gear in the game. The game was intentionally designed to waste your time and entice you to spend money to end your waiting.I don't even have to mention how much of a buggy mess this game is and worst of all this game will destroy your save files. After grinding my♥♥♥♥♥off for hours just to have decent equipment e a crash made my save files corrupted and now I have to start all over from the very begginging. No thanks, I'm just going to ask steam to refund my money so that I can play a good game."
76561197968555263,Recommended,289650,14896116,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Highlander,It seems the performance issues have been resolved.  I bought the game after I read the improvements of Patch 5 and I am very pleased with the framerates and gameplay.  I have a system that barely meets the minimum requirements but I've not had any of the performance issues that were apparently plaguing the game at launch.  I am enjoying the game and would recommend it to anyone that liked the others in this series.
,Not Recommended,289650,13460978,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,< blank >,"the plot is good, others are disgusting!!"
76561198056987797,Not Recommended,289650,12895771,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sharkspace,I am going to be honest I was really looking forward to this game. I loved the Assassin's Creed games but this really left me disappinted. It is a fun game so far but it has bugs and in cut scenes my frame rate drops from 60 to 15 . The rendering at some parts is pretty awful and I really wouldn't recomend this.4/10
76561198007293077,Not Recommended,289650,13038449,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,xxxliuxiao,game crushed after 5 seconds it started.♥♥♥♥♥♥performance. can i get money back?
,Not Recommended,289650,12890992,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ryan Seacrest BAM,"Absolutely shameful port. It's almost like Ubisoft didn't even bother trying to optimize it. Running an i5 4670, HD7970, and 12Gb of RAM and on medium/low settings I get ~30fps, and even lower than that inside buildings for some reason. And then there's the constant crashes, buggy pedestrians, and dumb-as-bricks AI. If you're really craving an AC game, go back to Black Flag. I couldn't honestly recommend Unity to anybody at this point."
76561198006120253,Not Recommended,289650,12890914,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Vintage_Green,Plain and simple my PC should be able to run this on atleast high settings @ 60fps.FX-6300 6-cores OC'd @ 4.5ghzCrosshair Formula V moboGskill 8gb 1866mhz ramWestern Digital Blacks x2AMD 7950 3GBWindows 7 64bit UltimateUpdate: I was banned for speaking my mind review went to 1/10
76561197970812377,Not Recommended,289650,14183338,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Tigg@lot,"I've bought the game when it was 20% off. I would recommend to wait until you can get it for 50% or less.For sure the game is fun. But the perfomance is really poor. It doesn't matter if I crank the graphics settings to high or keep them low, the FPS count is not really affected. Sometime you run around and try to make a slight left turn just to end up turned 180 or 170 degrees which is really annoying while trying to keep up during time critical missions.Another point that annoys me is Ubisoft trying to force you to stay online and spend hours in the Companion App. While the app was fun in Black flag since there's no need to play it to make a progress in the game, you have to play the app to open certain chests. And since my ISP has some serious issues with intermittent connection some days I cannot play without a window popping up, pausing the game, telling me that online contents are temporarily not available."
76561198018787288,Recommended,289650,16142781,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,mos65,"Its a great game. I  recommended it except for a couple things. I still like it, but it could've been far betterI think it is worth buying now for the discount and that a few things have been fixed. Its still a fun ASSASSIN game, not so much for an AC game.ProsGreat Main missions and some side missionsgreat navigation, stealth, combat, customizationlooks amazingfun coop-when it worked...Consstory line was all rightreally poor optimization. I was fine except for a white fog glitch, but that turned out to be my graphics cardcompanion chests and initiates chests BUT thats fixed nowThis is a more personable opinion but there really wasn't as much french revolution as I thought there would be. Napoleon got little attention. As did Robespierre, he was in a couple ending missions, there wasn't as much guillotine action as I wished there was. There were a few dotted around Paris, I just wished more missions involved that. I guess I wished there was more Reign of Terror stuff and Napoleon. But thats just me."
76561198170182814,Recommended,289650,17084835,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,ace,"This is a great game. The customization options are over the top amazing and well done the story is good has intresting characters but it is a very short I finished the game in 6 hours wich is very short for an assassins creed game. People are always saying its a bad game but its not I do think its worse than ac4, ac2, and acbrotherhood but thats it only three games out of the eight they have in the series. The game performance can be a little laggy some times but not that much and the only reason why a lot people complain about this game being slow is because there pc has performance issues with the game and after patch 5 everything has been great. The thing is money is really easy to get in this game because of the heists. I definitely recommend this game to anyone. I give this game a rating 8.3/10 only because the game is a little laggy and no one plays on co-op missions + Single Player is very short and money is to easy to get but it is a good thing at the same time."
76561198267653815,Recommended,289650,29524589,Posted: 27 January,all,Aziret,"Review v. 1.0Negatives:The first AC game I have actually literally screamed out of frustration with the movement system.Hanging on a wall, pushing the drop button and the fecking morron just refuses to let go.Character jumping on a barrel or a chair and just doing his ""I'll just ballance here like this and refuse to get down"" -actOn a roof a building, pushing the 'go-down-combo' of shift-e and watching the character just runing up a wall on the opposite direction the camera is pointing and your keyboard is telling him to go.Runing on a sidestep of a roof, trying to get the char to jump off on the side or climb up the roof and the stupid ♥♥♥♥ just keeps on rimming the fecking roof.Getting down on to balconies instead of jumping around on the railings... *sigh*In few cases my character just stopped responding in mid fight, which naturally ended up restarting from the last save point due to soon following death.In few cases the world or sewers became so dark I had to turn up brightnes to be able to see where to go.PositivesFrance is HUGE and there is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton to do. I mean like HUGE!! and a♥♥♥♥♥♥TON!!Story is brilliant.Even the 'off-animus' parts are good this time.Probably the first AC game where you actually need to upgrade gear instead of just buying the best weapon in the first chapter or going with the worts through the game.No more hack & slash. Even going against three NPCs at once can end up badly. Walking through the front door and taking on the army like in previous AC games, not going to happen.If you got the machine for it, pretty as a... well... something very pretty in any case."
,Not Recommended,289650,15001302,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,CRYSTAL BALD,"As a fan of AC franchise, this one is the wrost AC ever (as bad as AC Revealations, in my view).**Sorry for my bad English though***EDIT*-----------After a HUGE patch, I still stuck in between walls!!!!!DAYUM! UBISOFT-----------Performance--------------**I'm using  GTX760, it's a little bit higher than the minimum req.**- this game is really eats up my PC resource compare to the other better-graphics games like Metal Gear Solid Ground Zeroes (I know the map is way smaller, but the graphics is way better) which requires lower specs.- frequent lags, bugs, freezes, even though there are patches came out, still.- WTF! an almost 10GB patch. Why release the game while you still have to pull of many many patch to fix it.Story-------- It's so annoying that you have to follow the ♥♥♥♥ed-up-romance skit from Arno&Elise.My first impression on the first trailer is to get a chance to be part of the French Revolution, not a side story with it in the background.- AC used to involve a bigger & more complex history issue in the protagonist's story, which we will be the one who judge who's right. The likes of templars & Assassin's struggle to achieve their utopia. (for this case ACU & AC Revealations is the same by concentrating the story on romantic♥♥♥♥♥♥- Most of AC players love to play it because they're part of a histroy, I mean big part, not a Rom-Com like story with historic background- Arno is nothing compare to the guy like Altair & Haytham, even young Ezio. An one sided character with no progression, easy-to-read.Gameplay------------ The new parkour system really impressive you can easily traverse up-down-up with a couple of buttons. (After patched though)- The outfit system make ACU a little hard to recognize when compare to other AC. I mean while others' outfit are uniquefor their era, in ACU we can manage to customize our outfit freely which sometimes end up with no uniqueness.- The soundtrack is REALLY AWESOME I gotta give them that.- The in-game buying systems sucks peroid.Sum up--------Buy it if;- You love to running up & down around the beautiful city of Paris.- A hardcore AC fans that want to complete AC collection.Hold on if;- You're a AC player who love to be the part historical event.- You love a complex storyline with character progression."
,Not Recommended,289650,14069616,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Hustle,Not the same AC that its supposeed to be too much differences ;_; i want my money back.
76561198032532097,Not Recommended,289650,14182278,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Jay,The requirements of this game compared to the quality is too high. It is also currently overpriced at 60 euros. I wouldn't recommend playing this game unless you have a very powerful gaming computer and a lot of money to spare.
,Not Recommended,289650,12986525,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Alvarius,"Glitches, bugs and performance issues aside (since with help of creative people and my own skill I was able to push game to a more or less playable state) I still would not recommend this game, unless you are eager to see beatiful city of Paris, consumed with revolution, use it as a playground and do coop missions, which are quiet fun. If you are looking for a story of an assassin, that turned the tide in the eternal war - then you might want to consider skipping this game.The main story is dull and full cliches. I knew exactly how the story is going to end after tutorial section and I also knew which mission will lead to what conclusion. I was especially disappointed on how the antagonist has been revealed and how he's been played (i hope revealing his gender isn't much of a spoiler =) ). The game tried to make a surprise out of it, but ended up making protagonist look stupid in the eyes of player. The Assassin's brotherhood feels like unnecessary addition to the game, even with the drama inside. I barely remember the names of the counsel members, since they've been just sitting on their arses all the time and just barking. There is no development in the characters at all, the young protagonist, starting as a careless boy that does not think much of consequences, keeps staying that way till the very end, when suddenly, just before credits roll, he makes a 30 seconds speech that supposed to make us feel he grown. ""real life"" section also a letdown. you start as a noname, suddenly becoming an assassin, because this girl asked you nicely, and given a task to find something inside Helix virtual reality (new animus), but during gameplay you barely remember about it, you're being remind like 3 times maybe when servers are shutting down. And there is no conclusion in it, because when you find the thing you've been looking for - nothing happens. not with you, nor with the team, that you've been ""working"" for. just credits.This game is either just that bad at main story, or it will be heavily DLCed. this game has reminded me of original Assassin's creed game, but even story of Altair looks much more deep and well developed in comparison with story or Arno.to sum it up - a waste of really good voice acting (english of course, don't even try russian, if you value your ears and brain) on a poor text writing.few words about gameplay - at the beginning, game feels really challenging, especially if you're going to spend your first time in there exploring areas and doing sidequest. if you see a difficulty of 5 starts - be prepared to face enemies, that will probably kick the crap out of you. unless, of course, you feel confident that you will be able to avoid conflicts. and of course you can also use a cheat - spam smoke bombs and kill enemies while they're stunned. work all the time. just don't forget to replenish.the most annoying thing i found though is the challenges (optional objectives in the main missions). they simply make little sense most of them time and probably implemented to make easy missions more challenging for no particular reason. e.g. - why do you have to sabotage all alarm bells that are all over the courtyard, if you plan to enter the building from rooftops, which is much easier and makes more sense?"
,Recommended,289650,17069164,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,J.Jensen,"A truly next gen experience. Everything from graphics, animations, voice acting and sound is absolutely amazing!The story itself is good and enjoyable but it's focused more on the main characters selfish needs of redemption and love and leaves the Assassins Brotherhood in the shadows which is a disappointment.Like previous games in the franchise there is a lot of content that will have you spending close to 100 hours if you aim for 100% sync.Despite its flaws it's a great game that is enjoyable from beginning to end."
76561198065802271,Recommended,289650,16222560,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,chikva15,"so, i really wished for this game since it came out, even though i knew it had lots of buugs, i also knew i could fix them, since there are many who can. bought one for my brother and after 1 day of trying we fixed the game, now he plays it 24/7. yesterday i bought one for myself, 24 hrs+ tries and nothing, game crashs when i click on Play button, i still believe that this can be fixed, i don't want to give up on this game since it really is awesome in terms of gameplay, graphics, story and the world itself looks amazing. i tried every single solution, re-installing the game, re-installing drivers, every.... single... step.... . People, if there is anyone who can provide with an additional options, i would be super happy. don't give up on game guys."
76561198068554358,Recommended,289650,29114805,Posted: 8 January,all,D4NDY_,"Pros:-Many different playstyles-Interesting main character-Amazing graphics-Steath is actually fun-Good story- Free DLC-Amazing character customisation-Tons of different weapons-Missions that you do when you exit the animus are actally fun for once-Satisfying animation-Game is challenging (for once you cannot jump into a crowd of enimies and destory all of them)-Great time period-Low priceCons:-At times climbing can be weird-Not very well optimised-Micro transactions-Money can be hard to get if you havent played the dead kings DLCWhen its on deal for only £10, just go for it you wont regret it."
76561198108920592,Recommended,289650,16929899,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,VraelValorum,"I love this game, the idea behind this game. The parkour is amazing, the side missions are interesting, and paris is beautiful. However it is still difficult to run on pc, there are still some visual bugs, and the story is just boring. but the CO-OP takes the cake in this review. I believe every game should have CO-OP options."
76561198000110662,Recommended,289650,17008779,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,noorcoen,"I gotten this game after the bugs were fixed, and i am having a great time,9/10 for great visuals and design, story and just being a very nice game. Would recomend this to anyone."
,Recommended,289650,17729655,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Smuffle,"I have really mixed feelings about this game. At first I thought about not recommending this game, but some elements such as co-op makes it worth while.Lets just do the pros vs. cons:Pros:- Co-op. The first AC title with co-op and it's really fun. Co-op missions are implemented, and matchmaking is easy enough.- Freerunning Up/Down. This feature allows the player to decide whether he wants to scale a building up or down, which works nicely once you get used to it. Less confusion on where you want to jump, which have been a trouble in previous AC titles.- Difficulty. This game has an increased difficulty compared to previous titles, and difficulty is bound to districts. Also, the enemies don't attack one at a time, and can also shoot at you while other engage you. Snipers are also a nice addition, as they are very powerful, but more easily killed in close combat (and are most often located on roof-tops).- Crowds. Paris is filled with people and the city feels alive and more realistically crowded.Cons:- Uplay.- Story is rather dull, with uninteresting characters. Missions are rather monotomous.- The game revolves around Paris (which is okay), but it's ONLY Paris, nothing else, just a huge city, little variation to enviroment.- The game starts to lag at times, uncertain to why, may be only my problem.- Uplay, did I say that?- While the freerunning is good most of the times, some climbing issues occur, and obvious jumps to the right and left are not always permitted. And though the controls say ""wall eject"" or ""climb jump"", they do not always do so.- No crafting, sailing, hunting or anything that made previous games fun.- I don't really like Arno. He's very plain, and doesn't have anything remarkable with him.Summarization:Allthough I've listed plenty more cons than pros, the game is okay enough, but without co-op not really worth it. So if you have a bad internet connection, buy another game. Otherwise I would recommend it on a sale. Not really worth the full price, or the pre-order price I was stupid enough to get it for."
,Recommended,289650,16688145,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Marky Mark the FUN-GINEER,"Many have said things regarding how premature this game was on release.  Although even as of this writing, the game still has issues, it really wasn't that bad.  The only real major issue I had is some of the missions were rediculously and unnecessarily hard.  The story was good and I would recommend playing it, but at the current price of $59.99, I would not suggest buying it unless it is on sale for 50% or more.Actually, the glitches and bugs I experienced in this game made it more enjoyable.  Seeing ragdolls spaz out or go places like they shouldn't gave it some comedic value.  Alas though, they shouldn't have been there and although I liked the story, the following rating is lower than it could have been if it was set in the incubator longer.  (6/10)"
,Recommended,289650,18132576,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,K-,"Brilliant game. I read all the comments below and almost didnt get the game but then decided might as well give a try. I definitely did not regret it. I have a GTX 770 2GB and I was running mostly on Ultra. No lag no issues didnt seem to cause any problems. Graphics are not splendid but they are good nonetheless. Experienced very few bugs in single mode. Coop mode was a bit more buggy but nothing too serious.Now that aside, let's talk about the game itself. The story is interesting to say the least. A lot of characters, a lot of mixed emotions and struggles. Was never bored of following the main missions. The ending was a bit lackluster I must say. Some characters could be a bit deeper but wasnt really an issue. As for the side missions, in single mode you have missions which take a minute and give you a boost of cash, and others that are longer and more interesting. Coop missions are definitely fun as well but the qeues to find players often put me off.The gameplay is in my opinion one of the best in the series. The new free run down option really improves your general mobility and its been a niche I felt needed covering for quite a while. Sometimes Arno refused to do things I asked him to but in general mobility was good.They made fighting a bit more difficult since you cant kill a person using a counter anymore at all. If you fight a large mob a few will move back and start shooting at you, and it hurts. It does push you to actually be an assassin and not a crazed savage with guns blazing. Stealth is more difficult but you have a lot of tools to help you. Unfortunately you often end up killing everyone anyway but it feels gratifying to sneak in, take out the target and sneak out properly.The city (Paris) is very nice to move around in. Crowd events always give you something to do. You can actually enter a lot of the buildings through doors or windows. Royalist give you trouble wherever you go. The crowd slowly starts to fight with you. I was never bored walking around. While some regions and buildings in Paris are phenomenal (and Im not even talking about Notre Dame), Ubisoft couldve made different regions more unique (Rome in Brotherhood and Constantinople in Revelations come to mind). One of the main things they added to Unity was massive crowds, that you can walk through while being blended in. I particularly enjoyed that part too, and it added to the feel of the revolution and all.I definitely didnt cover everything in the game but I wanted this review to push people to get this game. Completely different experience from Black Flag as it goes back to the traditional AC feel back in the Ezio games, but its a brilliant game nonetheless. Buy it!"
,Recommended,289650,18575025,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Bempa24,Really enjoy it. Would like to be able to get all the gear and stuff without being more or less forced to have friends that play the game as well.
76561198079632826,Recommended,289650,18748966,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Rawdogbone,"I don't understand the mixed reviews as of now. I purchased this game last week and have played enough to see that this game is a definite purchase for the current price (40$). I can honestly say I have never felt so immersed in any Assassin’s Creed title as I do in Unity. The mobs of angry civilians, the thugs beating upon the innocents, and the chatter in French which I am guessing is about whose mother baked who a crepe. The lighting in the game makes you appreciates the city of Paris with even more fervor. Free-running has become more fluid than ever before, however not without a few falls and missteps of course.Free running can aggravate me at times and the overall story is lackluster in bringing anything new to the franchise (so far). If you are like me and can immerse yourself in an open-world game, get this game. I have had very few bugs (which correlate to the sometimes janky free-running and batty A.I). If you are hoping that Unity will push the boundaries, try new game mechanics, and revamp their previous system from Black Flag, maybe hold on until the next Steam Sale.OVERALL, I love this game just as much as I did Black Flag, maybe even a little more :)PC Specs:-GTX 760 4 GB GDDR5-Intel i7 4770K-700 Watt Supply-1Tb WD Black HDD"
,Recommended,289650,13109508,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,TheDragonEXO,"I like the AC Series soo much and ACU is very cool specially the parkour, the co-op and the customization. Why does people dislike this game that much? If you have a good PC it works fine excepting bugs but rly now every game has it's own problems and it's not easy to make a game like this one. I think UBI did a great job."
,Recommended,289650,20899633,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Salts,"First off, I have never played any of the games previous to this one, save a few hours of BF at a bud's, so take this from the POV of a first-time AC player. Let me just say, the game was great. I played through it in 30~ hours, I don't have that many due to my router's shennanagins, and I felt like it embraced the role of assassin well. Playing as Arno was fun, climbing around, finding secrets (quite a few to find), learning about revolutionary France, and most importantly teabagging thieves/murders. The fighting sequences weren't your typical button mashers, requiring agood deal of dodging/parrying in the later game, but didn't involve complex button sequences. The mysteries were fun, with some actual sleuthing and much puzzling, and while the rewards weren't amazing, it helps if you aren't farming for money. The initiate chests gave me a few preset outfits, which did look better than the mixmatch outfit I wore previously too. One thing though, look out for a bug that freezes your character if he climbs on something he normally shouldn't be on.If you are a first time AC player and are looking for a cheaper version with better graphics, I highly reccomend the game. ♥♥♥♥ the storyline screwups, I enjoyed the game on it's own. A great game to pick up on sale, and get the Dead Kings DLC for a little extra spending money and mortar axes. I give this title an 8/10, and hope to play Syndicate as soon as I can get it."
76561198018340528,Not Recommended,289650,14115493,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ZIXN1TR0XIZ,"I still can't play the game. Even with alienware I still can't play the game. Do you guys even want this game for the PC? Then FIX IT!!!!!!! Goddamnit guys go EASY ON THE GRAPHICS they are too much. We are not made of money, our processors can't run it even at optimum capacity. Overhaul this game now so we can all have a chance to MAkE IT PAST THE MAIN MENU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198145207218,Not Recommended,289650,14105245,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Frostbite the White Knight,"took forever to load, crashed in the first 15 minutes of gameplay, and horribly done on graphics"
,Recommended,289650,28750583,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ose,"i think its ac game worth 12 eur, works great with 970, 4690k"
76561198054743796,Recommended,289650,28089073,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,- Achillion -,"I bought Unity after hesitating sooo much because of the negative reviews and I have to say, I enjoyed this game from the beginning to the end. The only problem I had was FPS problems here and there, nothing much in today's games. Paris is a living and breathing city, it is sooo enjoyable even only walking around and watching the people. A word of advice, play this game with the French language enabled, trust me, you will enjoy it a lot more. I'm a major AC lover by the way."
76561197970508154,Recommended,289650,28543588,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jimby,"Have you ever wanted to be a total badass in Paris during the 1700s?  If your answer is yes, then this is a game for you.  When this game was first released it came with many problems.  Now after a year and several patches, the game runs great.  I picked this up on a steam sale for $12 CDN.  Amazing.Pros:Incredible GraphicsGreat voice acting and ambient noiseAwesome natural movements and lipsyncing, beautifully doneCity is awesomely detailed.  Can travel within many buildingsCool SP Campaign with many other sidequests to keep you busy.  Hours of entertainment.Supports 21:9 MonitorsCons:Massive download, over 50GBA few bugs here and there, but nothing game breakingIf you are an Assassins Creed fan, don't let this one pass you by."
,Recommended,289650,28572887,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ultraviper,"It's an Assassin's Creed game alright. Nothing really new to the series other than the ability to quickly climb down things. And co-op I guess, but I never tried it. Really nice graphics, especially the lighting. I never experienced any performance issues or bugs."
,Recommended,289650,24074680,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Thadrei,Graphics look washed out if they are not on very high or ultra. Combat system is flawless however disabling the ability to counter enemy bullets makes it harder to survive in combat with tons of enemies as double takedowns are equally as difficult as dodging bullets. You can now keep a vast variety of weapons and clothing on you customizing your gear load out for different missions.Multiplayer seems dead where I live or it my be everywhere who knows. But the social club is an interesting experience if you can get into a co-op mission with other people willing to play seriously.The city is lively but I get the feeling it is a bit too much for the game to handle as I do see many NPC bugs and errors when walking the streets. It feels surprisingly dead as there is nothing to do when you aren't directed to do something in the story campaign. More of a walking simulator as there is many different things happening in the streets painting a picture of everyone's daily life in revolutionary France.It is almost never night time which is unfortunate as your color variation has no purpose if you choose the all black colors. Finally the only true problem I have with this game is the economy. There are about four different currencies in the game where you must collect them by doing different things and it seems purposeless to have different currencies when you can stick with one main and play the game how it should be in all the others before.
,Recommended,289650,28541559,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,{L) {B),"I keep missing the hay bails, but at least I sycronized before I jumped. Best assassin of the year award 2016."
76561198079798813,Recommended,289650,29495006,Posted: 25 January,all,Zero_X,"This game was awesome. the controlls werent that good but at least they are simple they work good enough. the game has a great plot, great weopons, great skills and combos and I would deffinitly recomend it five stars if I could rate it with stars. Not only is the game so good but it dosn't leave you with an empty feeling in your stomache when you beat the game, you can play minimisions when you are done or even better play the dead kings adon. The charachtars are realy relatable. I would say this game is totaly worth it"
76561198107962718,Recommended,289650,22090754,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,sam8wiz,Assassin's Creed Unity is a beautiful game its very fun and the Co-op is good and the story for me is ok my rate is 9/10
,Recommended,289650,18280694,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Nick10doh,It's not a bad game. I've always liked the Assassin's Creed games but this is probably the worst one I've played. The story is pretty good but I still notice some graphical glitches and other glitches that they could've patched. If you want to keep up with the Assassin's Creed games then get it to play through it like I did. If you just want a new game and haven't played an Assassin's Creed game then either find another game entirely or buy a different Assassin's Creed game.
,Recommended,289650,18284079,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Bread,"I absolutely love this game.  I can't understand why this has mixed results. It's different from the traditional Assassin's Creed games, but it's a good different.  I feel like this game is more involved in many aspects. (open windows and doors, the map, etc.)  I recommend this game to anyone who likes options.  Yes, the quality is a little shabby, but every game has it's faults.  Not everyone has a super computer. I personally think the game is beautiful and worth the money."
,Recommended,289650,18292240,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Heuristicz,The game has awesome fights and an interesting plot. I haven't felt like I'm doing the same things over and over like in some of the previous Assassin's Creeds (more specifically AC 1 wth Altair). On the down side you can only have one saved game. I had to delete the save file from my computer and make Ubisoft stop saving in their cloud to replay the game. Other than that I have absolutely loved the game.
,Recommended,289650,16911796,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,DeadEye,"after recent patch this game works brilliantly, advice would be to either bring a fiend or find someone ingame to play in a brotherhood with you, much more fun when you work together rather then having randoms just alert all the enemies, really fun campagne brings back assassins creed 1 and 2 where you have to assassinate targets and there multiple ways to get to them, the stealth is fun and combat is hard, would recomend this game :)"
76561198091961745,Recommended,289650,16905770,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,84 Days until Christmas,"I recommend it to fans of the franchise. It has many improvements like a new parkour system, easier stealth, harder combat and pretty graphics. But with these improvements there are quite a few bugs still months after the initial release. The game is playable there are just animation glitches such a skipping an animation while climbing walls/fighting enemies or continuing an animation on a dead enemy. Clipping errors with people in wall and such. The one that frustrates me though is a glitch were mid game my controller will desync with the game and I have to unplug and replug it in. Overall i'd say it's worth 60-70$ for a hardcore fan of the series but for most casual players i'd say buy it on sale"
76561198088042712,Recommended,289650,22228141,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ghost18,"I have been really enjoying this game, the graphics are superb and the number of npc's is huge so adds to the ""feel"" of sneaking around in plain sight."
,Recommended,289650,18093811,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,BattousaiJP,"This game has by far the best graphics of the whole saga. The gameplay is great, with several improvements in the stealth mechanism. However, the story is not as memorable as the one of Assassin's Creed II / Brotherhood / Revelations. 8/10."
,Recommended,289650,20482230,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mysticking32,"WOW WOW WOW!!!!That was my reaction upon finishing this game. I have played every assassin's creed game in the series and this was by far my favorite. The reason why this game received so much hate is because of its launch, and predominantly performance issues. I don't blame people for being angry.But my god there is absolutely no reason to not try it now. The game has been updated and patched to near perfection. Throughout my entire 52 hour playthrough (this was literally just completing the story and doing renovating side quests and collecting things) I never got a single crash. Not one. The graphics are absolutely beautiful. The amount of work put into this game is just astounding. The most ambitious game yet.I typically don't review games, but I had to put this review out there. Please try this game. The story is great. (No spoilers). And the chemistry Arno and Elise share made the game that much more enjoyable. The ending had me on the edge of my seat. It's been a while since any game has had me so actively engaged in the story. Especially an Assassin's Creed game.The city of Paris is so alive with literally hundreds of NPC's walking around engaging in revolutionary activity. If you still need convincing of why to buy this game, I'm not even half way through the game! I put 52 hours into the game beating the main story and a good portion of side quests and I am only 40 percent through. 40 PERCENT! The amount of content from murder mysteries, social club renovation missions, collecting the chests, and more just add so much flavor to the game and I can say with confidence that an Assassin's Creed game has never been more polished and beautiful and so full of content as this one.(I'll be purchasing Syndicate soon. For Now I'll be playing AC Unity if you need me.)  ONE MORE ENCOURAGING NOTE: YOU GET TO PLAY THROUGH FREAKING PARIS IN WW2. LIKE WHAT MORE CAN YOU ASK FOR. MACHINE GUNS AND PLANES. HOLY SH**"
,Recommended,289650,20424513,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,guyo,"I have grown tired of the Assassins Creed franchise shortly after Assassins Creed 2. While I have put approximately 6 hours into Assassins Creed 3 and Black Flag I never found myself interested enough in sticking with them to the end.Unity is actually a very impressive feat for Ubisoft and for the franchise and despite a few very minor bugs that may pop up every few hours (most of the bugs seem to have been addressed and that ones that linger seem to be aesthetic glitches) the game is actually a joy to play!My favorite aspect is the setting of the game, Paris is recreated with such mastery it's incredible. Controlling your assassin is SOO MUCH BETTER that it doubles the fun in running around this virtual playground. Story isn't bad, kind of standard but not bad, though I don'r really care for the main character as much as I did Assassins Creed 2's Enzo.Being able to traverse through out door to indoor interiors back to out door is seamless and fantastic keeping up the momentum and cool factor.Try it! You can always get a refund from Steam if it's not to your liking or your PC can't run it."
76561197992885051,Recommended,289650,13077448,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Arthur,"I just beat Unity so I feel like I should write a review. I feel like this had potential to be an amazing game. However, even with a very good PC (3.6ghz i7, GTX 780, 16 GB RAM) I experienced occasional frame drops. Unlike most people, I didn't see any bugs in my entire time playing (18 hours). I never fell through the map. Your experience may vary. The overall consensus of the community is that you should skip this game, and I agree to an extent.If you love the French revolution setting, have an amazing PC, and are willing to suffer from time to time, pick this up. If you want virtually the same graphics and love pirate ships, buy Black Flag, it's more stable and cheaper. Enjoy!"
76561198163797199,Recommended,289650,15077196,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Socratis,"i like this game!!!!i know that it has lots of problems like bugs (especially in co-op),etcBUTi think it's a nice game extremly huge and worth buying for 36 euro (when it was ubisoft weekend) (totally dont deserve 60 euro).After the patch 5 is playable and i have fun with itbut it needs lot of patches to became a game like ubisoft previous titles or far cry 4.......(lot of bugs on co-op.....in fighting, in air assassination, my clothes never change but i take the stats, some times water dont apear and etc.)i am waiting for patchsbut its playable"
,Not Recommended,289650,15716430,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Kallra,I’m an Assassin’s Creed fan boy ever since the first game. Assassin’s Creed Unity is easily the worst entry in the series. The difficulty leveling is designed to keep the player from being able to play the game without either wasting time with the side quests or spending real world money on digital goods. They might as well have made this free to play and pinged the hell out of players with micro transactions. The bringing back of health potions and enemies of various difficulty ratings from Assassin’s Creed 2 is horrid. I thought we had moved passed all of that. Then there are the bugs and game breaking glitches that are still not patched out. What happened to this franchise? The next game had better not include this crap or I will find a new franchise to give my money.
,Recommended,289650,16832340,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ewald,Very nice storymode
,Not Recommended,289650,13821960,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,NerdBasterd!,"I spent more than 7 hours in the last month trying to set it up so I could play it, but have given up, the performance is just abysmal on a mid-end machine. I had NEVER uninstalled a ""big game"" without having finished it before. Words cannot describe how frustrated I am."
76561198026412811,Not Recommended,289650,13776298,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,_Ninja-Nuggets_,"game looks amazing gtx970 everything ULTRA with vsynch ON and 40-60fps constant the game plays awesome!!! BUT..BUT... The story and the ability to keep you interested are completely gone.... you dont feel like a real assassin you feel like a ""somewhat good swordsman"" with a hood on and some gadgets.... the story is bland and not interesting with no emotions whatsoever.... It seems like they put all their focus onto the graphics and the revamped game engine which i will admit are super amazing BUT what is graphics when gameplay is poor?..... Iv played every single AC game since the very first AC game when i told people about it and they said it sucked WELL I LOVED IT!  That makes me a true fan and i can tell you... this game is a let down.... im sad... and then ubisoft rolls out stating ""We would be stupid to not release a game every year""  ..... SERIOUSLY???? This is turning into a Call of Duty hell hole, im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥....."
76561198084266627,Not Recommended,289650,13627014,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,KArTo0N,This game is a complete waste of money and time. Even if it runs smoothly like it did for me and does not crash constantly like I did not experience. Every time they patch the many many issues with this game  your save game and everything you have worked for will be gone.There is no way to restore do a few google searches and see how many others have this problem. I bought the season pass and I am not getting my dlc or free game from ubisoft. I have uninstalled and chalked it up to a complete waste of money and time.And yes I have played every assasins creed game when they were released starting from the original. This game is complete s#$t!
76561198007252849,Not Recommended,289650,13670828,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,fh35,too many bug. I had to give up finishing it. A waste of money and time. And clearly not at the level Ubisoft usualy perform.
76561198118244787,Not Recommended,289650,13655428,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DaBlightcaller,"I love the Assassin's creed series for it's unique form of stealth, but it was missing real stealth as well but then my saving grace came: Assassin's Creed Unity. When I saw game footage of Unity I wanted this game immediatly..... but now there is one thing in my way. All I wanted to do was make an awsome character, stab people in the back, and  stealth to assasinate my target, but no this stupid Uplay crap is nessicary to play this game. It is extremly frustrating that there is no offline mode that allows you to play the campaign without a Uplay account, yea I know you don't get multiplayer but just be honest, who plays multiplayer? 2 People? I thought so. Every time i try to create a Uplay account it says ""We're unable to create your account right now as a Ubisoft server is unavailable."". I know this may be a temporary inconvenience or my computer being B**chy, but still, i don't care about Ubisoft's stupid multiplayer crap, I'm a single player guy. If someone reads this and knows how I can fix this I may change my opinion on this game, but I've seen nothing but not recommended reveiws so I have low expectations."
,Not Recommended,289650,13624999,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Help3r,"I've given Ubisoft every benefit of every doubt I could muster to brush off bugs in Assassin's Creed games in the past but this one is absolutely inexcusable. It wasn't playable on release and now that I'm actually able to play it (mostly) it's so god damned disappointing I could cry.I'm currently writing this review waiting as I mistakenly tried to open a gold chest (asssuming gold=better) and ended up staring at ""Please wait..."" with no foreseeable end to the spinning icon. To make it better, there's no way to escape out or cancel the selection so I know I'll have to forcibly end the program. I doubt I'll restart it. This isn't the first bug and I know it won't be the last.I'm never buying another Assassin's Creed game. The franchise is dead."
76561198155795765,Not Recommended,289650,13642992,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,claridgeb,buggy cant play dont buy
76561198098145637,Not Recommended,289650,13628860,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,nochance,Don't buy this game it's filled with graphics and audio bugs. server lag and game breaking bugs inside missions.
76561198069425427,Not Recommended,289650,13809550,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Soulweeper,"I can't even play the game. Takes seconds for my mouse to even respond to actions. And when I finally had the patience to wait for the game to start, it crashed..."
,Not Recommended,289650,13553307,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TieRein,"I've read a lot of stories about how ""broken"" this game is and to be honest, with how polished previous games were, I just couldn’t believe that this would be any different, regardless of the news stories. However after several hours of play time of both co-op and single player, I can handily say that this game is unfinished.While not ""broken"" anymore, this game is far from finished. The most noticeable would be the free running. In the most recent AC games, free running felt fluid and extremely responsive and each game was progressively more polished. However AC: Unity is a leap in the opposite direction. I felt like I was back to AC 1, and perhaps the beta of AC 1. I would go in opposite directions I wanted, I would jump off ledges when I didn’t, and when I wanted to jump of ledges (even when I knew I would take damage) the game just wouldn’t let me for a good two or three seconds. While that’s not a lot, while free running its excruciating and a real game breaker in a game revolving around free running.The controls are obviously made for the console and this feels like a mediocre port at best, while the constant advertisements to spend extra money really kept the emersion into the game to a minimum.Onto the graphics! The game really shows how it is rushed in this respect. With everything set to ultra-high, the game looks like it was made in 2009. Hands, body parts, and weapons blatantly go through clothing, time was obviously not taken when it came to hair on any characters main or not. And it is easy to see the seams in between two physical objects (showing the sky underneath). The draw distance is horrid, you can easily see characters clothing change right in front of you as the computer renders them into a higher resolution.I must say, that the story line so far has been intriguing, though not ground breaking. This game just feels like you need to use a bulldozer to get through when free running requires a delicate touch. Assassins Creed: Unity should still be in beta for another good three months before they should think about releasing it. I would gladly wait longer to get a polished game. Wait a half year before buying. I have lost a lot of respect for UbiSoft. I dont blame the developers for making this game so horrid, I blame the company for not giving the developers enough time to do their damn jobs."
76561198100203339,Not Recommended,289650,13650975,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Oh_Biscuits,I cant launch it. wait for an update to the game or download the patch.
,Not Recommended,289650,13694618,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Folken,"I've thoroughly played all of the Assassin's Creed games from the beginning and this one is by far the most visually stunning. That I'm afraid is about all the good I've got to say about it so far.  I'm 25 hours in at this point and I'm ready for it to be over. All of the games have had their frustrating moments with mechanics while free running but Unity takes it to a whole new level. From the first game to Brotherhood I spent as much time as possible on buildings running across rooftops because it was damned fun to parkour across the cities. In Unity I spend as much time as humanly possible on the ground because climbing anything will inevitably end up in a fit of keyboard punching while Arno is stuck to a wall/window/overhang making jerking motions in all directions going nowhere. The change to pressing Space to go up and E to go down might have been a good plan if it adhered to that and Arno reliably moved in the directions I press. If you find yourself having to choose between taking on 20 soldiers or going down one ladder to reach a target you'll want to take on the soldiers, believe me. Combat has changed significantly from previous games and while many people seem to enjoy the increased difficulty I'm not a fan. Were characters a little overpowered in the previous games, maybe, but combat was far more satisfying when you got the timing down and the characters are master assassins after all. Even after 25 hours I cannot find any sort of rhythm to combat sequences and it always ends up as a cross your fingers and key smash situation. I especially love when Arno decides to stop responding to attack/block keys and just stand there while being slashed to death, over, and over, and over again.  I've desynced more times in this game than all of the previous combined and it is 99% due to bugs.Beyond the core mechanics problems lie some core issues that also significantly set Unity apart from the rest of the franchise. I've enjoyed spending many hours at a time in Assassin's Creed games because of the great feeling of immersion in historical settings. Sure they've had plenty of repetitive events, missions, etc but overall I still had a decent feeling of being there. Despite the amazing visuals Unity has little to no immersion, it feels like I'm just playing a game and it reminds me of that constantly. Chests that can only be opened by a companion app, chests that are opened by some kind of online events, co-op popups in the middle of missions, etc. At this point I'm just grinding through the main missions. The diversity of the side missions is definitely appreciated and I'd love to see all the side story content but I have no interest in subjecting myself to more miserable parkour and combat bugs. In truth I would have stopped the game all together by now if it were not for the fleeting hope that there may be some continuation of the background story that has spanned all of the Assassin's Creed games. However, thus far no time at all has been spent outside the Animus and there have been no tidbits at all about the Assassin and Templar struggle, locating artifacts, or what any of the artifacts we've been playing through six games worth of genetic memories to locate are even for.Update: I have now completed the game so I can report that there are no updates to the overall Assassin's Creed story line so there was really no point in playing this game at all.  I now have over 40GB more free disk space at least."
76561198080847703,Not Recommended,289650,13629271,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Seph,"Donestly im dissapointed in myself to have spent $60 on this game. Its buggy, constantly crashes and worst of all it includes microtransactions (somthing i had hoped ubisoft had left in there mobile games). honestly if they fixed all of the problems the comunity has BEEN REPORTING it may be a good experience (i have enjoyed the story with what i have played), but with the state the game is in now i would say go get farcry or some other nonbuggy, nonMicrotransaction game."
,Not Recommended,289650,13650798,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,biscuit,"The short and sweet sentence: Not the worst game in the series, but certainly not the best. Totally skip it.The long and boring essay:I've played all the games and loved them all up until now. At this point, the story of the game seems kind of... irrelevant. But I guess since we're not doing things with Desmond anymore, there isn't a reason to tread on that anymore.If you're the type of person that likes doing the same thing over and over, then there's a TON of things to do in this game. In fact there's so much to do that looking at the game map and seeing it filled with icons is actually overwhelming.Something that bothered me is that it feels like your assassin this time around is a lot weaker than the ones in previous games. I say that in the sense that he doesn't have as many weapons at his disposal like in Black Flag or AC2. It's kind of a bummer really. Also, being forced to use your main weapon instead of your dagger/hidden blades is a real bummer."
76561198042004368,Not Recommended,289650,13670064,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Oropher,"Buggy, unplayable with a GTX 770 which is insane.  I'm a slave to this series but this and watchdogs release has cured me of Ubisoft pre-orders."
,Not Recommended,289650,13625292,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,AlphaPixel,The game doesnt work.... it just freezes and when it does work Every thing is too bright and i cant see the controlls....EVEN when the brightness is put on the miminuimI want a refund
,Not Recommended,289650,13641642,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,musicmaniac666,"I cant say if the game sucks or not due to the bug and lagging issues, but other than that the graphics weren't terrible. I would just reccomend waiting till mid to late Feburary to see if they have fixed most of thier problems. In my opinion these bugs and lags are completely expected since Ubisoft is trying to go above and beyond with this Assassin's Creed. As of right now i consider this game completly unplayable."
76561198206591060,Recommended,289650,28462566,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Aphi Pai,"I bought 60% discount, and play ver 1.5.0, This game is not bad as I heardFPS 40+ in High graphic, high texture high environment high shadow use SSAO Anti-aliasing FXAAMy gear GTX 950 2G, CPU I5 6600K, RAM 8GStoyFeel good that is enjoy not boreBattle singleplay, I still not play co-opChange style, but can use bomb for easierI upgrade stealth skill, didn't upgrade melee skillsometime if I don't wanted to fight I ran to Hide and return laterupgrade equip is useful, I have fun when stealth in mission area.If anyone like Assassin's Creed, You may like This gameBeautiful city, good detail"
,Recommended,289650,12921138,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Volt,"Assassin's Creed (VI)Assassin's Creed Unity is a third-person stealth action-adventure game with a hint of rpg elements such as skill points and gear stats, both introduced with this title.  AC Unity follows in the line of Assassin's Creed games first launched in 2007.  The game is built losely on historical events and is a sequel to Assassin's Creed (V) Rogue.  The game, once again is set in an open world with improvements made since Black Flag & Rogue such as a rebuilt combat system and the introduction of the Phantom Blade which serves the same role of the Hidden Blade in previous games but adds the ability to fire a bolt at long distances.  Another overhaul was made to the building scaling system which allows for easier climbing.  The game also introduces Co-operative gameplay to the series allowing up to 4 friends to play mission together.The GoodGreat looking graphics, smooth controls/gameplay, new improved combat system, more customization of characters, statistical gear choices, talent points, and did I mention the graphics?The BadPoorly optimized is an understatement, requiring a $450 plus video card (GTX 680/ Radeon HD 7970).  Even with a GTX 780ti, your framerate can drop in the 30's with poorly optimized/glitched areas resulting in below 15 fps.  If that wasn't bad enough, there is connection issues as well and freezes.ConclusionUbisoft has made numerous fixes to this game and it is now in a playable state so long as you have a video card that can support it (DX11 and a minimum of 2gb of vram). I have done some testing and It is playable with a GTX 760 and runs very well with a GTX 960, averaging 40-50 fps on medium-high settings.  Had Ubisoft waited until they had finished this game to release it, despite the heavy system requirements, it would have been a great launch for those that met the system requirements. I still disagree that the game requires such heavy SR rather than optimizing the game for the majority of gamers out there. If they can spend the time to optimize for consoles, they should do the same for PC.I do love playing this game and have recently went back to replay the series due to the amount of fun I have had with Unity.  If your system meets the requirements, I highly recommend giving this a try now that it plays well. It is too bad it took to the developers so long to patch game breaking bugs I and many others experienced during the first four months after release to fix the game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=340985723"
,Recommended,289650,14950810,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Jexoun,"This review was written as of patch 5.Pros+ You can finally crouch+ Fantastic graphics even on lower settings+ Missions are well designed and offer several ways of completion+ You get the Dead Kings DLC for free as compensation for launch issues regardless if you got the game at launch+ Online co-op mode runs remarkably smooth and is a nice change of pace from the campaign.Cons- Apparently French people have British accents (not really a game breaker but should be noted)- The story is decent but the ending was underwhelming- A.I. has perfect shooting accuracy and can shoot through crowds but will only hit you- Mouse lag (use a controller instead if you want to avoid this)- The controls can be unresponsive leading to frustrating moments when using stealth- Some NPC glitchesNote:I played the game with medium settings at 900p. The game ran at about 40-45fps with occasional drops to 30fps. Considering my rig doesn't meet the minimum requirements, I felt the game ran better than expected.My specs:Intel Core i5-4440 @ 3.1GHzGeForce GTX 750 Ti 2GB VRAM8GB RAM"
76561198177305647,Recommended,289650,32977003,Posted: 29 June,all,zhengxinnly,"Unity doesn’t just play well, it looks beautiful too. The graphics have a stunning painted quality to them that may be attributed to the way that different materials react to the lighting."
,Recommended,289650,22069258,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,SardonicHedgehog,"With each passing AC game, the limit of what the series is capable of becomes increasingly clear. The limit is: AC can provide compelling worlds, but it cannot provide a natural way to explore them.This is a beautiful game. It has really exciting, mysterious, and relatable moments. Running around Paris is amazing. All other previous AC games (save Revelations and Rogue, which were more about wrapping up a narrative and refinement) have captured this excitement effectively, and this is the greatest strength of the series.However, the controls are dreadful. All of the combat and movement issues from previous games are amplified here. Combat is overly simplistic, unresponsive, and repetitive; movement is hindered by your charater doing things you don't want him to do. People have commented on this before, and they say ""fix the controls."" But the controls cannot be fixed for this series, short of designing the game for keyboards.The reason for this is that the game worlds are so dense, and there are so many things to do. But all of these actions have been reduced down to a few buttons that are highly context-sensitive. Frustration arises when the context assumed by the game conflicts with the context assumed by the player, meaning there are simply not enough buttons for the player to use to control his character. As these games get more complex, there are more opportunities for these frustrating moments.I guess, short of designing the games for the keyboard, another way to adjust the controls in this series is to simply the game worlds and limit movement options. But that will make the best part of the series (which I mentioned above) less compelling.AC is not going to get better until it's design philosophy is changed, after which point it may not be AC any more."
,Recommended,289650,17555157,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,m4rgin4l,"Although there were still some minor technical hickups, AC:U has been patched to an acceptable working condition. Sadly, there's nothing a patch can do to fix a bland story. Half the time you won't know what you were doing, and when the story reaches its conclusion, there's really nothing more there than a pat in the back. There are some weird things too like the ability to read the target's memory after you assassinate them? When was that introduced? If you like the series, AC:U does pretty much what you would expect. It won't blow your mind, though."
76561198140400694,Recommended,289650,32822869,Posted: 26 June,all,Finalninjadog,"Unity is a lot more laggier and has more bugs compared to previous titles which have worked fine on my PC under the same specs/setup, even when I've tried turning all the game options available down/off to reduce the lag and the apparent yet unnecessary high sensitivity of my mouse. From my perspecitive, I shouldn't have to go through my actual computer settings to turn down settings purely for this one game, as recommended on various forums. Also, I'm assuming there was some combat updates in the game because that combined with lag makes it pretty difficult to complete combat missions, even those from the start.Despite that, I'm still going to complete the main story at least due to my interest in the franchise and hope that I don't have to put up with this in future titles.That being said, the detailed character customisation, multi-player element and additional skills are interesting add-ons."
76561198141589822,Not Recommended,289650,12936631,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,syler123456789,I HAVING fps issues please ubisoft make a patch and fix all of the bugs and fps issues
76561198033692820,Not Recommended,289650,12923945,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Aku,"Hi,My first impression of the game is slighly disappointing, but let me start off with the good points.I must say 'well done' to the graphic designers of this game, beautiful cinematics. Also a great job done by the historians who gave the game a realistic positioning within historic facts. These compliments exceed the ones I gave to the previous games of this series on those matters. Truly amazing scenery!What I don't like. The gameplay is not as smooth as I would of liked it to be. Very unsmooth handling of the main character and the climbing of the different buildings is not good as well. I hope I'm wrong and that I just need to get more used to the movement, but nevertheless, these are my first impressions. Also I noticed some bugs: Camera point of view shifting uncontrolled and unintentionalley to the left, mission scenery that is missing like I'm walking in a void. These are the things I do not expect to be happening of a 60 euro game.Overall rating of first impression 2 out of 5. Not enjoying the game at this point, but I will continue to play.I hope the Co-op features in the game turn out to be realy nice."
,Not Recommended,289650,12936653,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,TheAustenCorbett,Well the game simply falls into the bottomless pit of buggy triple A releases. After the typical AC two hour introduction sequence and another four hours of real gameplay Uplay made the spontanious descition to delete my savegame entirely. Unfortunatly i will not be restarting untill the game sees significant updating.
76561198143246640,Recommended,289650,33188212,Posted: 3 July,all,That weird brown thing,"It was trash at launch, but the bugs have been patched.It has a steady framerate, great parkour mechanics, yet to see a bug, only got stuck in parkour about 5 times in 15 hours, pretty good story, a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of content, amazing visuals etc...pretty good 8/10."
,Recommended,289650,19611703,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,MarkAftermath,"I was very hesitant to buy this game because of all the glitches and bugs this game had when it just launched. Which rendered the game unplayable for a lot of people, including some of my friends. However, I just couldn't resist buying it, so here I am writing this review.Damn, am I glad I finally bought this game!The attention to detail is f*ing crazy, the graphics are incredibly beautiful and the city really feels alive!Also, the gameplay and story are better than I expected and I enjoy it a lot so far. Arno is not half as bad as an assassin as the internet is trying to make him look, I like him quite a bit!I really feel that Unity is a diamond in the rough and it deserves a second chance. Yes it suffered from a terrible launch, everything about this game was a mess (technically speaking) but after all the patches that Ubisoft put out I think they finally got it together with this game. Believe it or not, but it runs surprisingly smooth on my system (AMD FX-8320 + ASUS GTX750Ti OC 2GB DDR5 + 8GB RAM), at relatively high settings as well!Recommended!"
76561197970937082,Recommended,289650,29337111,Posted: 18 January,all,DuneD,"I actually liked this game, one of the bests AC ever made :)"
76561198025031808,Recommended,289650,34487079,Posted: 25 August,all,KJos,"enough glitches to be annoying? yeah I'd say so.As a long time AC fan, still enjoyed this game. After patches and fixes its a gorgeous game and feels very alive. Arno's story is nothing amazing but its fun and still enjoyable as a story.The game is gorgeous and the added aspect of RPG's is fun twist and would have been great to see continue to Syndicate (nothing I miss a lot but it was a nice twist on how gear works in the AC world) I'm a fan of gear having actual pros and cons and not simply reskins.If you want to know the whole story of this series definitely pick it up, but its skippable in light of the whole Assassin vs templar story arc."
76561198076209577,Recommended,289650,33038473,Posted: 30 June,all,Ghost rider,"Assasins creed unity is underatted game but it still good, well...i would be lying if i said it was spotless but as with everything it doesn´t come perfect. This game could have been better in terms of technical standpoint caues the the only real complaint i got. Is that it so hard to even startup the game, some will experince bug´s etc. That´s why  i must warn you before buying this game is really finnicky and may work for some and not others etc.Some solution will work others will not you just have to be willing to look for´em.Consider it first when you think about this game, overall its good  game and its playable you just have to bee paticent and resiliant to get it to work properly. In the end i would give it a 7.5 out of 10 possible. Assasins creed series have never dissapointed me."
,Recommended,289650,20681913,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,GonnaBeDramatic,"Nothing can describe this game, everything is so amazing, included the trailer, the game's online mode, the game's qulity, and the story line and so on. I have to say this game's online trailer is the best trailer that AC ever made. As my friend known, I like teamwork so much. And this game give me a really good experience. if someone asked me how to describe this game, i had to say: Amazing+Perfect+Super awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!XD"
,Recommended,289650,35346872,Posted: 30 September,all,Peace,"Really enjoy it so far, really like the setting (French Revolution).Didn't ecounter any problem/bugVisual is really amazing, run at max-FXAA 1080p 90-100 fps (i7 7700,gtx 1070,16gb ddr 4)didn't play the co-op mode yet,8/10"
,Recommended,289650,35410192,Posted: 2 October,all,Nick Crompton,"Assassin's Creed Unity offers a more enhanced experience to new and veteran AC players. Sadly, some of which needs improvement, especially the problems that were present during launch.The game had a bad launch. I was expecting it to have a more polished release, but Ubisoft decided to release the game because they had a deadline to catch up. A lot of players gave a really negative impression on the game and the company as well because of numerous bugs and glitches that were present during release. I pre-ordered the game five months before its release because I was hyped for it and I'm also a hardcore AC fan. It was so disappointing that the game was half-baked, so I decided to refund it when Valve added refund systems on Steam.After nearly two/three years, I decided to give this game a chance and bought it when it went on sale last week. I already finished the single player campaign, and I can say that the whole story of Unity is pretty forgettable in my opinion. Still, it's a pretty fun game to play. The Dead Kings DLC is pretty boring and annoying, especially when you explore the ruins. Pretty much you'll be surrounded by numerous thugs and probably end up dead in minutes. Multiplayer is fun as well. I tried two multiplayer missions and it's really cool that you get to complete missions with other players with different play styles. I'm glad that Ubisoft really did fix most of the bugs and glitches, and they also gave the Dead Kings DLC for free, which was supposedly be available for those who pre-ordered the game or purchased the season pass.Here's a breakdown of my Pros and Cons of the game:PROS+ beautiful graphics+ parkour is more improved and really fluid+ multiplayer is fun+ a lot of side quests+ music is good+ most bugs and glitches fixed+ combat is easy and looks really cool, especially the finishers+ stealth is improved+ story is okay+ you can choose skills and buy equipment that fit your play style+ Paris is fun to explore+ Weapons are really good+ Dead Kings DLC can help you grind more money, especially when you loot chestsCONS- controls are really annoying. I can't perform double-assassinations easily even if two enemies are close and whenever I free-run, sometimes I go the wrong way even if I'm facing a certain direction.- AI is sometimes overpowered. They react easily even if you sneak.- you cannot complete all skills even if you finish the single player campaign. You can earn more points for it on multiplayer.- story is really short and forgettable, and you can finish it maybe in a few days- a companion app may be required if you want to grind a lot. You can also pay for a premium upgrade if you want a ""full experience""- the characters speak English with a British accent instead of a French accent. It really ruins the immersion in my opinion (at least the crowd speaks French).In its current state, I recommend you buy this game when it's on sale. I feel the current price may not be worth its value, but the game is really fun to play, especially with friends on multiplayer.P.S. I guess this is my first ""serious"" game review. I still need to work on my composition, but I tried. :D"
,Recommended,289650,35505330,Posted: 5 October,all,森,"I think this game is the low point in the AC series but I don't think it's a bad game on it's own.Paris is the most alive city Ubisoft has ever made, and the game is fun to play. If you're a long time AC fan it has everything you'd expect, which can be a good and/or a bad thing.One cool change from previous titles: Mission design is a little less linear. Assassinations are open-ended and feel a bit like Hitman.What I think brings the game down is the story. It's not terrible, but it's not really all that exciting either. There are some really good characters here and there but for the most part it feels pretty generic compared to the stories of previous titles. The singleplayer campaign is also pretty short.If you're *truly* on the fence, I'd say skip this game or wait for when it's on sale"
76561198119567122,Not Recommended,289650,15126937,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Slacker,"Wow, amazing game cuz I played like not even a minute. I can't play the freaking game because or my stats are to low or it's just realy ♥♥♥♥♥♥?! This stupid game wasn't  worth so much money and ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft!"
,Not Recommended,289650,16850414,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Fennicus,"AC Unity was a huge letdown and isin't yet in a playable state. This game had the potential to be something great, but it got destroyed by bugs and bad optimization. Don't buy this game."
76561198007301478,Recommended,289650,23708317,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Holden6.0L,"I like the game, although last one I played was Black Flag, so I can only compare to that one AC2 & AC3. Overall, I am enjoying it so far."
,Recommended,289650,26050931,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Denko,"There is a lot of controversy surrounding AC Unity due to how broken it was on release. While there are still issues in the game, I never encountered anything game breaking and the game itself is actually fun. Well, it is still Assassin's Creed, so if you don't like parkour and murdering Templars then this game won't be fun.I got AC:2 vibes from Unity quite a bit, which I guess is a good thing as that one was a solid entry in the series. I can't really complain too much about it being more of the same when that seems to be the driving force in the series.I didn't notice much difference in the combat in this compared to Black Flag or even AC:3 but the free-running system has gotten some additions which lower the instances of your assassin doing something completely different to what you wanted. The story is your typical AC stuff but with thankfully few interruptions by the ""real world"".Overall Unity is a decent entry in the series but I could only really recommend it to fans of Assassin's Creed. It's not really a good starting point and the bugs are enough to put less determined players off.Oh and I think the French soldiers are just reskins of the British ones from previous games, they even have a British accent most of the time."
76561198067996692,Recommended,289650,15434872,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,jacobdan95,Ive beaten the story as well as all the dlc and i can honestly say that ive spent about half of my game time just enjoying the cityscape. Its freaking goregous at least on the right pc. I will say the gameplay can get rather touchy and sometimes Arno just wont do what i want...but then again arent all assassins kinda ♥♥♥♥♥y like that? All in all if you actually play the game like an assassin instead of blowing through all the content being high profile all the time and use your gadgets and stealth properly the game can be hell of fun. Paris is astonishing and i would reccomend giving it a try. 8/10
,Not Recommended,289650,13484857,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,atc497,"ABSOLUTE RUBBISH, what is ubisoft thinking. Terrible game controls and conbat mechnics, kind of reminds me of assassins creed 2 combat. I can't get past Sequence 9 because of the slow and bad fighting with no human shields making it insta death for me. I am so disapointed with this game which still cost £30 on sale, right no not even worth £10. Still crashing with lag spikes lasting 10-20 seconds, not what I expected with a game like this."
76561198051837640,Not Recommended,289650,13459198,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,mnengineer,After recieving patch4 game crashes on launch. help
76561198054590315,Not Recommended,289650,13499011,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,RealDad,this is not a good game here is what you need to have even a little bit of fun1. a 5000$ pc2have never played a assassin creed games3a 5000$ pc and a 5000$i am not joking dont buy it unless you have that you will  hate your self if dontthis not a review it is also not a frist impersion because i have been trying to play it not playing it dont buy this
76561198163562392,Recommended,289650,14948446,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,XeFear,"It's now playable (at last!!!)My NB is GTX 850M, i7 4710 2.5 GHz, 4GB RAMOverall is ok, a bit lag on those massive crowd.And my first impression for this game is...Die in combat...Yes, seriously. ACU is the first for of AC that I got killed in combat (even worse, got killed by a Military lol). Not to mention those Captain (hit like hell) and Sniper (One shot kill). You can forget the thrill of Edward jumping and rampaging on enemy ships. ACU turn towards a more stealth approach. Combat has raised more difficult, no more streak kill. Now have a head shot (hell yeah!). Spear is available as main weapon (my favorite).I highly recommend do check your PC spec before purchasing ACU."
,Not Recommended,289650,24056835,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Xanyi,"The game is a meh at best. While playing the previous titles I looked forward to what will happen next, this time it was not even enough to keep me awake.I am playing with everything maxed out and somehow the game looks nothing like the screenshots on the store page. Framerate drops every once in a while with seemingly no apparent reason on a GTX 980 TI. Unbelievable."
,Not Recommended,289650,12918585,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Brad Woof,"Bad. Very bad.I could see this being a good game if it could get past its glaring performance issues. I have a GTX 980 and I cannot ever get above 40fps, and I regularly drop into the 20-25fps range. That is totally unacceptable, especially considering the graphics card. The textures are horrible, there is a ridiculous amount of pop-in, and the input lag has made me miscontrol my character more times than I'd like to admit. Until there's a huge patch to fix all this, (and maybe even if that ever happens) do not buy.Don't."
76561198073151824,Not Recommended,289650,12918236,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Georgeforeman89,"I, like most others, have been getting incredibly awful FPS drops. On ""medium"" quality, i get 50 fps. I'm running an i7 4770k, 16bg ram and an EVGA GTX 780. Horrible frame drops at cut scenes- sometimes even down to 2 or 3 frames. Can't get anything above 30fps on any setting above ""medium."" I also get random lines on the boarders of objects like paintings on the wall, etc... I dropped $80 on this to get the season pass and the game. This is EXTREMELY disappointing. It's sad the Ubisoft messed this launch up because I've loved the entire franchise since the beginning. I'm not really too upset becaus eI'm pretty confident they will fix it, but I am still very disappointed."
76561198088934066,Not Recommended,289650,12928968,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,a7rv,"Absolutely slow, i've  a GTX 780 Ti and the game are getting lows fps , i dont understand the poor quality of programmers, a waste 60 Us. x.x"
76561198150445392,Not Recommended,289650,12943511,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,SnAkEyEs,"-  It has bugs and it crashes a lot-  Environment and city structures are great-  Nothing new in gameplay and mission types looking on past AC parts-  You need over-expensive PC to play this game in high resolutionSo, If you are not lucky guy with gaming PC, I definetely not recommend you this game. There is just nothing new and inovating worth 60 euros. You should best wait for Ubisoft to get It updated and Steam to lower its prize.PS. Bugs are driving me crazy!"
,Not Recommended,289650,12920829,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,GiLneration,"Good game, terrible port. Not recommendable at the moment."
76561198020469794,Not Recommended,289650,12940874,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,thuv,so many bugggggsssssssssss
76561197977490980,Not Recommended,289650,12923467,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,albatroz,experiencing extreme lagg issues. Cant even manuvre mouse in lobby on high quality. I played black flag on high quality without a single problem.
,Not Recommended,289650,12928979,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Derp,"top end rig with an R9 i7 and all the fancy♥♥♥♥♥♥ mad frame drop, steam should implement a 48hour cooloff period for♥♥♥♥♥♥like this so we dont get burned."
76561198086608079,Not Recommended,289650,15530768,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Onyxflame,"Reason why I'm not recommending this game is not because of bugs, or frame rate, or poor optimization in general. I'm giving it a bad review because of Uplay. I was at 40% completed overall game, beaten story line, had Legendary sets and all the skills I wanted too have. And then, my progress gets set back to 0 because of Uplay's cloud save and screwing up my sync. I love the game, I love the idea and the concept even with all the bugs. But I just cannot recommend getting this game especially if you spend more money in game because there is a chance you will lose everything you've worked for on a crash. I can't even bring myself too play the game anymore because of this. I don't feel like starting over and Ubisoft is taking FOREVER getting back to me on what they are willing too do if anything at all."
76561198056806688,Not Recommended,289650,21087389,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,amo642,♥♥♥♥ this uplay♥♥♥♥♥♥ 20 minutes in still can't play the game I bought.
,Recommended,289650,19643881,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Grottomacy,a solid 9 out of 10a must buy worth the moneythis game is one of the best assassins creed games ive ever played it has coop for heisting and assassination missions all outfit and armor pieces are customizable and paintable many weapons to choose from all of which can be modified for the way you actually play plus extra outfits that you can wear over you actual armor that doesnt remove stats only downsides are some of the bugs but those are almost all gone because of the patches thats why it doesnt make a 10buy it
76561198048885831,Recommended,289650,14943435,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Logic Aside,"This game really reminds me more of Assassin's Creed II or Brotherhood more so than any other of the newer Assassin's Creed recent releases. Honestly I have yet do go very far in the story due to my play style, however the missions and the interaction with the crowd are all enjoyable.In regards to this game being laggy or slow on most machines, I have to assume that patch five fix that problem. I am playing on a system that does not even meet the minimum requirements and I am playing on high graphic settings with only  seeing lag when fast traveling and that only occurs about 1 out of 10 times.The cons that I have seen are that I have trouble connecting to online CO-OP, however this could be tied to my internet connection versus Uplay, and the sheer number of side missions. With the side missions it is not a complete con, but I can see people seeing things getting repetitive, not that I have,Overall I have but in a decent amount of gameplay and can say that I am enjoying this game."
76561198273323851,Recommended,289650,24251835,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Jack the Ranger,Better than syndicate.
,Recommended,289650,24023967,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Labamba,"You people might not find this review since i review this almost 2 years after release, but still, i have to write one because this is one of my favorite game of all time despite of the hate.Ok here's a FAQ:- You wanna buy this? Buy on sale- Is it good? Yes obviously, just don't listen to those people who keep yelling ""Unity Sucks"". You have to try it yourself.- How's the story? It tells about a story of an assassin that raised by templar, and slowly he tries to find out who is he and what assassin is.. It's not a bad story, but not so good either, more like cliche.- How's the gameplay? 7/10. Sick parkour and combat animation, advanced character customization. They add new assassination mission mechanic, when you meet bosses, they will give you an area where your boss at and some ways to finish the mission, you can choose to obey all optional ways, some, or maybe not at all, it's up to you. New parkour mechanic has enhanced pretty much, there's a climb up and down button so you won't die in foolish way like in previous series. And, each story and assassin order has different mission set that won't get repetitive at all, it gives you a lot more variation in each mission, either main and side mission. But the combat not so optional, unlike the previous game. Also usable weapon limited, you can only use your equipped weapon in combat and hidden blade in assassination. It's also use skill point system like rpg, you have to unlock things with skill point that you can get as a reward by finishing story/coop mission or by collecting hidden skill point in each coop mission, nice concept but overused.- How's the graphic? 10/10. The graphic is just, top notch, even to compare with nowadays (2016) games. Exposure, lightning, textures, blood splash, bloom, effect, timecycle, almost everything well executed, especially the lighting effect. IMO, this game had the most decent graphic at its release.- How rich the game world? The world felt so alive. Paris design in this game pretty well executed, even i can say that this game has most beautiful world design so far (IMO). The atmosphere of France Revolution felt alive, ped density and variety, objects, environment, everything succesfully executed. Ped in this game not just walk from point A to B, they have their own life. You will meet uncounted variation of activity, people fixing carriage, burning books, mad people, etc. And, it's not just exterior exploration, but they give you a lot of accessible from houses til' iconic building. And each interior has its typical design. Plus, they add underground map that explorable in freeroam.- How's the coop? You will given two types of coop mission, heist and coop story mission. Some mission allow you to play up to 4 players, but some only 2. In heist, you will ordered to steal stuff or things from templars, the price is upon to how big the mission level. In story coop mission, there will be a specific story for the coop it self. You will given an order to do things just like main mission, and it will give you skill point and weapons/armor if you pass it. There are some hidden skill points that you have to collect yourself in story coop mission. Every coop mission can be finished by 1 player. Also you can make a clan and invite your friend to play together. Coop system also available for free roam, up to 4 players.-PC port? It sucks at release, but it's getting better in each update and now (1.05 patch, lastest update) almost everything fixed, less glitch and bugs, stutter, etc. It's safe to be played for now. But you need at least 2gb ddr5 graphic card and i3 4130 or above to play it 30fps+. But honestly i can say that you need at least i5 or above with 3gb or above graphic card to run it smoothly and avoid below 30 fps drop. It's playable overall in i3+2gb graphic card (or equal) but sometimes fps drop below 25, stutters happen sometimes but not often. Maybe it's because of steam and uplay overlay that make this game heavier that it should. I have tried play it in offline mode, with connection off, disabled steam and uplay overlay, it gives you 5fps or more. So yea, overall this game playable.-Minus? There's pretty much serious issues in this game. I don't know for what reason, but they remove pretty much useful mechanics from previous game like whistle, body pickup, environmental blend assassination, stealing from peds, health regeneration (it doesn't have to be like ac3/ac4 but at least regenerate 1-2 bar like ezio's series wasn't a big deal, right?) and many more, it's not a big deal but there will be a lot more fun with it on. And here's the serious one, skill point. It's not a bad concept although, adding little rpg mechanic add pretty much fun to this game but, the skill point, seriously? It's not a problem at all if you asked to use skill point to unlock special ability like disguise, advanced lockpicking, additional health, etc. But, oh god, you also have to unlock things such as rolling, double air and double normal assassination, environmental blend, stun enemy, ranged weapon control (you have to unlock firing gun skill to be able to equip ranged weapon?!), and many more things that supposed to be unlocked at first or at least as soon as you get assassin robe. One more, you can't create multiple save slot like in previous game, there will be only one save slot, and you have to remove it if you wonder to start a new game. Also there's some serious problem in combat, you can only assassinate with hidden blade, fight with your equipped weapon (it means only one) which in previous game you can use a lot of weapon and it could be combined while in combat, and it's kinda sad. The combat system pretty challenging because of leveling system but too simple either. In combat there are only such kind like dodging, stun, heavy attack, light attack, finishing, that's all. AC3/4 combat maybe could be way too easy because it's used ""beat'em all"" combat system like batman arkham did, but it so much more fun because it's a lot more optional, you can disarm and takes enemy weapon, fighting enemy with bare hand, hidden blade, using items like rope dart, snare, pistol to counter and create sick animation, kinda miss that.- How long it'd take to finish the game? It would take around 20 hours for the main story only. Including side mission, it would take around 30-50 hours to finish it. If you're a completionist, it would spend more than 60 hours to take.Overall, it's a good game, it could be another successfull game of the series if only ubisoft more patient, not release the game too early, not remove useful mechanic from previous series in stealth and combat mechanics. 8/10."
,Recommended,289650,14941089,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Exzeon,"A few hours in and I'm really enjoying the game. I can't understand all the negativity surrounding the game but I get that most of it is to do with performance rather than the content of the game itself. So far the game feels like going back to the AC2 formula, I'm hoping there will be more Assassins/Templar lore focus in this game like AC2/Brotherhood/Revelations because AC3 and Black Flag were very good games but the stories just weren't as focused on the actual assassin aspect and I already prefer Arno more than Edward Kenway, Kenway was fun but he was an assassin for about 5mins. So yeah, I'm hoping for good things, let's see how it goes."
,Recommended,289650,35290706,Posted: 29 September,all,LOLME,"Assassin's Creed Unity is a single player game about a french Assassin Named ''Arno Victor Dorian''.Your game will be set in France and without any doubts i will say it will give you to explore almost every corner of France.*SPOILERS AHEAD* You'll start off by being a child named Arno who's dad was killed by a templar named ''Shay Patrick Cormac'' Or just the main character in Assassin's Creed Rogue. After some years Arno gains his first invitation to Assassin's Brotherhood because his dad was.In some missions you're going to be a legendary Assassin!*ABOUT THE GAME* So yeah Assassin's Creed Unity is probably my favourite game franchise AND my favourite game in Assassin's Creed Franchise.When you will get your Assassin Costume you'll be able to play cooperative missions with your friends,strangers and everybody. Population in this game is very normal and i'm sure if you're thinking to buy this game.  JUST DO IT! You'll enjoy it i swear."
,Not Recommended,289650,17266811,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Retro,"My specs were better than the system requirements for this game, but still crashing, and stuttering. Horrible PC port. Ubisoft, learn to make good PC ports. You're like the new EA."
,Not Recommended,289650,12956652,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,PresidentMoose,FIX THE PERFORMANCE ISSUES!!! HORRIBLE CONSOLE PORT!!!
76561198035238124,Not Recommended,289650,14021016,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Mrpocket,Worst Assassin creed game
76561198093814847,Not Recommended,289650,13047564,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,SexEd_T-Rex,I hate uplay.
,Not Recommended,289650,22116579,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,goonMerchant,"Having played all previous games I had high expectations for Unity but due to all the launch negativity I decided to leave the game until now hoping that all the issues would be fixed. One concern was the performance issues but it ran fine on my mid-high end system. However during the course of the play through it has become evident that they just abandoned the game, constant issues with buggy quests and AI made it a frustrating experience.Its hardly recognizable as an assassins creed game and hard to believe it was developed by the same teams that handled previous games.There is only one real environment and whilst its beautifully done it does start to feel very samey after a while and it left me wishing for the variety of previous games.The one main feeling i'm left with after playing this game is why there is so much missing that has grown to be part of AC games :-* No Horses/Carriages* No area control !* No Crafting* No Treasure Maps* No minigames* No Unlockable Inns* No Brawling* No Sailing ?! (I know its kinda outside the scope of the story but seriously France has a rich naval history and this would have been ideal excuse to add this).* No upgradeable base as with previous games (the cafe/creed lair is a poor imitation).* No allies system like Brotherhood.Somehow they also seemed to make combat more clunky, weapon and item selection was done better in previous games and the camera seemed awkward too -- someone tell them sequels are supposed to improve things!Another area that suffered badly was the enemy AI -- it really is a joke in unity, far worse than previous games. Simply jumping onto a roof is enough to leave an enemy dumbfounded as to where you are !Whilst some might be happy with the addition of Co-op its not something i'm interested in and i felt annoyed at the constant pushing of the Co-Op modes even to the extent that you cant unlock stuff without doing the co-ops missions.Whilst there was a fair amount of side-content it felt very MMO-ish in nature with a vast majority being variations on defend NPC/steal something/kill someoneYet another premium game with microtransactions -- sad times :(Feels like they cut corners in trying to rush this one out the door and also pushing the co-op in a bid to capture a different market.By FAR the worse the in the entire AC series -- Bought discounted for only £20 and still feel robbed."
76561198116612913,Not Recommended,289650,13412375,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Greggers,"Big fan of the AC series. #4 was a great game. Never written a review before but this game was a big let down. I did not run into any glitches, but overall the story was weak, the gameplay too short, and replayability was very small/limited/not fun. It just wasn't a 60$ game. If you really want to play it, wait for a Steam sale under 35$. I feel like I was mislead in advirtising and in the Ubisoft promises. This is my first review and my first negative review."
,Recommended,289650,29976450,Posted: 16 February,all,Wiley Weavile,"Ubisoft's black sheep. Unity ♥♥♥♥ed up big time and unlike most other companies, Ubisoft fixed their mistakes and made up for it. The game's not perfect, no. There are still some bugs, most of them pretty humorous or easily fixed by fast travelling, but overall it's a smooth experience. Here are some pretty notes on gameplay:- There's actually stealth in this game. I had to harken back to my Metal Gear Solid days to get through many sequences. It's obviously not as in depth as Metal Gear but damn, they're really trying.- If you're coming from Black Flag or before which is highly likely, you WILL die if you treat it like just another Assassin's Creed. Dodging bullets is nearly impossible now and your items pool is limited based on your equipment. Enemies will surround you on all sides and easily slaughter you without proper planning or quick thinking, even with high tier gear.- Oh yeah, there's a tier system for gear and enemies now. It's...pretty lackluster to be completely honest. You won't use over half the many, many items in the game and there's literally no benefit to going back once you've got something worth using, especially when you'll be fighting enemies who are also higher tier.- For a game built around the concept of co-op, the amount of things you can do while with your friends feels a bit limited. The many Paris story missions or club objectives should've been multiplayer as well, but at least the heists and actual coop missions are fun.- I don't think I'd play this game just for the story, but it's nice to run around gay Paree as Arno, your neighborhood friendly Assassin whom all the Parisians seem to know.Overall Unity creates a beautiful and ugly picture of Paris during one of its most turbulent times. The immersion is absolutely amazing, with citizens rioting in the streets, carrying bodies, burning furniture and books, handing out cockades or just stumbling around drunk in a brothel, among numerous other events. Seeing Assassin's Creed like this makes me wish Ubisoft could go back and remake Constantinople or Damascus in this light. If you've read this far, then I highly recommend setting the language to French with subtitles. It really helps the whole thing along."
76561198014947337,Not Recommended,289650,12926365,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Sith Lord,"as a fan of previous assassins creed games i was looking forward to this one , well that it seems was my mistake well done ubisoft for screwing me out of my cash , this game ""if"" you can get it to work looks like fun . however getting it to work is another thing , the so called recomended specs should be listed as the min specs needed to play as theres so much that is unpolished and glitchy that it hurts your eyes and not to mention the bugs and crash's , this is a poor poor release from ubisoft and is in massive need of a overhaul to fix and address the issues .sorry ubisoft . i will never buy another product from you guys ever againthis link basicly says and shows it all .https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgpzT5V5Mgs"
,Not Recommended,289650,12929937,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,GD-Axon,framerate is unplayable. wait until they fix it.
76561197969795765,Not Recommended,289650,23821491,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hammerhit,"Too long don't want to read; Game is crap, many bugs such as floaty things and getting stuck in scenes.Can't say I approve of this being released. Someone in the comment section claimed they fixed 98% of the glitches. Yet after just a few hours I had experienced enough bugs to make me question reality. What annoyed me even further is that I left the game on when I went to a BBQ, when I came back I had accumilated enough hours to not get a refund. So I'm stuck with a game that does not work. I explained to Steam that the game is broken close to impossible to play, that they sold me a broken thing but still would not accept that I returned it."
76561198085091265,Not Recommended,289650,21229273,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Redflame,"Three years ago I went to Paris and I visited Palace of Versailles. I was quite intrigued by the idea of playing an Assassin wandering aroung that Palace. Living the 1789. As a big Assassin's Creed fan, I installed the game and I started to play it.During the story, I ended up stuch in wooden shelves a couple of time.Arno was stuck there and I had to reload the game again in order to keep on playing.In the end, it cost me more this game than visiting the real Palace in France.If you like the idea of being a shelf, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,289650,23939014,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,phi1010,"Unplayable: Crashes every 5 to 10, someimes 15 minutes to the windows error repotring dialog, probably when loading data from disk. No Logging, no errror message, looks like serious problems with their source code quality."
76561197977292606,Recommended,289650,14899588,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,MainDroite,"Not exactly the best performance I've ever seen, although very reasonable by my standards, but it's definitely the AC I know and love. As I'm about 20 minutes into the game, I might update this later."
76561197971253689,Not Recommended,289650,20346491,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,SYYK,"I don't know if Ubisoft has something against the French (Louis-Joseph Gaultier), but Arno is without a doubt the slowest, clumsiest, scatterbrained assassin to ever be called one.The controls are atrocious: unresponsive, inaccurate, and often results in a completely different action than you plan.For example, from a stand still, aiming at a haystack actually ended up with me jumping flat out into the middle of a room full of enemies, alerting everyone and taking fall damage.This game has several good ideas that could refresh the franchise.Too bad you can't play any of them without becoming incredibly irate at how clumsy Arno feels."
76561198287555133,Recommended,289650,28110535,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ThyMajesty,"I love the storyline, it was awesome and long. they added a lot of things to do too which made the game a lot more fun!"
76561197971336371,Recommended,289650,23117814,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Bisa,"Just bought the game, haven't gone too far but I can say that I get solid 60 FPS all the time with my GTX 970 in u current state of the game.I have exprienced a few crashes that drove me crazy but other then that, a game runs flawless. The story seems to be interesting . The environment is just a pure ART, I love that ubisoft is trying their best to deliver a best game possible even when they fail at doing so.Get it on sale,I really recommend it. 8/10"
76561198063696699,Not Recommended,289650,20029157,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,King Bob,"As a fan of AC series, I will recommend you to grab Blag Flag instead. AC Unity has some great game mechanism reworked, such as up and down park-our, but the other parts, for example, ALL THINGS WHICH IS MADE FOR MULTIPLAYER, aren't quite work out. The story-line is terrible without deep story background and weak motivation for characters (and the ending, OMG!!)."
76561198110442250,Not Recommended,289650,13015561,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,LordChippie,so many lagg for the pc is so bad wait for updates. stupid assassins creed
,Recommended,289650,15188833,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,AUSTINTACIOUS,"Assassins Creed is one of my favourite game franchises. For that reason I won't be too harsh on this game. Is it any different to other AC games? No. Although the free running element has some slightly new and tweeked movements. I don't like the fighting and don't like the weapons. This AC looks very nice but with just the same graphical visuals as Black Flag. It hasn't blown me away so far and the storyline and general gameplay is actually very boring. In fact, it's boring to the point where I am not even sure I am going to finish this game. This is in stark contrast to Black Flag where I was actually dissapointed when I finished the game because I wanted more! Overall this game is not worth the money. Wait for sale. It is now fixed which is good considering the amount of things that were broken on release but even still, I want another Black Flag...something different. Boring!"
76561198185956762,Recommended,289650,23632773,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,mjsulli1978,I don't know what all the negative fuss is about. This game isn't so bad. Black Flag is still the best but I'd put this in the middle of the bunch. It's a really gorgeous looking game but can be a little dull. Get it only if it's on sale.
76561198122604880,Not Recommended,289650,12922237,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,\^^/,The game has a really bad fram rate problem i set it to 60 fp and it was slow if you want to know what I mean look at my screemshot
,Not Recommended,289650,12923690,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Zombie Burger $2.99,"Well for me I don't see the glitches or the framerate issues on ultra High that some others do. Did they patch this piece of..ap?I joined the game late so have no idea.The killer for me is all the steps backwward they took.The Fights are sloooooower.The graphics even on ultra high look worse than the last game ( which I really enjoyed )The amount of detail they put into the buildings and the amount of AI Peds is totally uncalled for and ridiculously stupid in action.The implementation of near and far characters graphics is laughable.I have a vid showing  the main character stationary and moving the camera left and right shows clearly that they don't just increase the graphics, they completly swap the model as you approach.I thouth Ac3 was bad but man this is 100 times worse and I hated ac3 but loved Black flag (HINT UBICRAP)No amount of patching can fix this game.This calls for a complete re-writing of code which they will not do.Write this one off.Face it Ubi you promised something you couldn't deliver. Wait, where did I see that before?Hmmm!"
76561198103911457,Not Recommended,289650,12923937,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Alcatraz94,DO NOT BUY. it will crash just by lauching the game. ubisoft has dissappointed me.
76561197971851938,Not Recommended,289650,12920053,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,CoCoPwnsYou,"Well, where do I start....For PC, If you don't have a graphics card of a GTX 780 or higher, then you won't enjoy the game unless you don't mind playing on the lowest settings. I have a GTX 670, 8 gigs of ram and an intel i7 processor and it runs ""okay"" on medium settings.The missions are pretty much the same. Killing someone in a palace of some sort in the city, over and over again."
,Not Recommended,289650,12920427,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,dofitzgerald,"I have a beast of a laptop, and I can't run this game without having it at like 15fps.. Which isn't enjoyable. Until they fix this issue, don't be like me and spend your money. Buy a different game until you see happy reviews."
,Not Recommended,289650,24335105,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ZShalafi,"More of a rant than a review.The most boring one in the series up till this one. Missions are less varied than the previous titles. Even the detective missions where you investigate a murder, usually involves you running, running, running and murdering dozens. Ending with the culprit, who had a motive, behind bars, while the mass murderer gets a new shiny weapon he can murder with.The storyline isn't all that bad. But I may be biased, I'm a sucker for redheads you see.Controls are clunky and unresponsive. Combat has long lock down animations, and goes from time consuming, ""is it not over yet""-easy to rediculus impossible in a blink of an eye. Enemies teleporting, animations not in sync, camera issues doesn't actually help either.The free running has got an upgrade and looks better. But you get stuck on small objects all the time. Running from a group of enemies and you suddenly jumpes half sideways onto a chair, and just sits there like a crow, while you hammer the buttons trying to figure out which direction you must steer for him to respond - that's not my idea of fun.And the popups... those constant messages popping up, obstructing text and hindering you to open the map for a certain time. Why isn't there an option to turn these off?I've experienced some mission breaking bugs - nothing a reload couldn't fix. But oh boy, is it fun to run those 300 m again.The upgrade system is a complete mess. It tries to make you choose a class of some sort and wants you to play with others so you can support each other. The multiplayer is dead btw. I find it hillarious that you have to upgrade your skills before you know how to sit down on a bench between two people.Despite being a patient persona I don't think I'll be finishing this one. I can't recommend this. Maybe if you are a hardcore fan. I wasn't hardcore enough."
,Not Recommended,289650,23805230,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Egerion,"Totally broken game...Direct console port to PC.Graphics are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ even at 4K ultra settings.I guess they don't add high textures for pc.Also major problem is; they dont optimized game for mouse so its so laggy on mouse, no problem on controller."
76561198127130732,Not Recommended,289650,12928455,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,YTB07,"While I didn't have severe issues as a lot of the people, ocassional frame loss and Arno doing whatever he pleases was more common than it should have been.Its not a polished game at all.The game itself is ok, not great. The story is not that great and the missions are decent, but the problem is movemnet in the game is not fluid at all. Most actions characters do have the impact a couple of seconds later, it's extremely annoying. Overall not fun, even when game is not having severe issues."
76561198093279803,Not Recommended,289650,12928494,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Joseph Tolsma,"I can't play the game right now. Every time I step into a building everything just turns white and I can't see anything. The moment I step outside, the world looks fine. Ocassionally, I will see a half second flash of what the buildings are supposed to look like. This makes the game completely unplayable for me because I can't navigate through the first couple missions. This better get fixed.Specs:i7 core @ 3.6 GHz12 Gb RAM2x nVIDIA GEFORCE GT 60 graphics cards"
76561198039394097,Recommended,289650,16193339,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Nitro,"Saw all the bad reviewsWaited till i saw reviews saying things like ""App removed"" ""Bugs fixed""Bought on salePlayed.Loved it, it is my favorite assassins creed to date by far. MAKE SURE YOUR RIG CAN RUN IT!Yes, you can buy it now, its fun and not a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥now. Shame the rating will probably never improve since people review at the start then never change it when the game is repaired.Good:-Customisation is by far the best of any assassins creed-Arno isnt a boring ""By the books lets do the job and be proffessional"" assassin character-No more modern day with whatshisname Desmond? i never like those but many doNOTE: The new ""Modern Day"" segments mostly seem to showcase the devs talents for level design, as if they said ""Hmm... Arno cant climb the eiffel tower since it hasnt been built yet... but we could throw a level in where he can and call it modern day!"" The segments were fun to me and a good way to break up the story which was mostly assassination missions around paris (Alot of them, and they all have multiple ways to get to the target and allow a decent amount of freedom)-So many weapons and toys to use, poison bombs, massive swords, massive swordstaves, maces, morningstars, pistols, pepperboxes, rifles (Yes, rifles, finally)-Can free run DOWN instead of just jumping and hoping you dont dieBadThe new free running system takes getting used to.Romace, ewwwCannot carry a rifle and a melee weapon of any kind, i guess arno isnt as strong as adewale, and the rifles themselves cant make a 60 meter shotFact is, alot of the continued hate on unity is unwarranted and is just how some gamers act. Theyll ♥♥♥♥♥  about anything, and ive heard it all before and playing it now, none of the things said were nearly as awful (I cant speak for the app or bugs because they are gone) The animations look splendid, the sounds are crisp and wonderful.Not much else to say about her! have a specific question you cannot find elsewhere? ask in the comments!EDIT: While i still content the game is fine, i have had to reinstall the uplay game launcher 3 TIMES NOW because it DIES everytime the game crashes. I used to be with the crowd that said ""Uplay aint so bad"" But now im BEGGING someone at ubisoft to take a sledgehammer and BEAT IT UNTIL IT STOPS TWITCHING!"
76561198037362945,Recommended,289650,14954826,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Vlad von Carstein,"Going to have to disagree with a lot of people here, this is actually a pretty good game now that the initial bugs are fixed. It performs well on my computer. The game, however, unfortunately has kept its reputation because of the horribly glitched start. It looks great and plays great now however.The environments feel MUCH more alive than with previous Assassin Creed games (or Rogue as well) it is less bland and has things happening all over. The historical information is also much more abundant, and side missions like investigating murders are quite interesting and again missing in Rogue. The gameplay is improved, the combat feels more weighty with much better animations. There is more challenge to the game as well, which is welcome as other games are laughably easy. Things like Parkour and Stealth are improved as well. The missions are plentiful and they have the true assassin vibe to them as you plan out your route and then take the opportunity to kill your target.Do not pass over this Assassin creed game if you have the computer to handle it. It is quite enjoyable, and I hope the gameplay stays for Victory."
76561198011965365,Recommended,289650,29805415,Posted: 9 February,all,Saint Aaron,"Even though AC is an yearly release franchise, and to be honest AC IV is not exactly what I'm looking for, I gotta say, AC Unity is freaking awesome, and totally fresh. The graphic, the setting, the atmosphere is perfect, the characters is well done, the story, although predictable is still pretty good. And I didn't even experience any frame drop, and hardly any glitches at all. Overall, this is definitely the best AC game ( for me at least )"
76561198058280631,Not Recommended,289650,12894458,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,seungkison,"This game... I love this series... even though ubisoft delayed this game for two weekseven though they give ♥♥♥♥ 30fps to consoles for ""cinematic feel""Ubisoft ruined my experience with no optimizationThey will soon be like EA and voted as worst company in my opinionI love how the game looks. it's got gorgeuos visual.Of course being able to see what it was like to be in Franceduring the period around Frech Revolution.Combat is somewhat different. Definately harder than before(Probably because it was just too easy before that It only was able to get harder haha)As for performance issue frame rate could be all over the place sometimes even thoughI am running this game on near recommended specs with gtx 970However, I only came across this problem 5 minutes ago for the first time(None of my other parts bottleneck my gpu)with 2 weeks they had, they optimized nothingoptimization is ♥♥♥♥ in this gamebugs and glitches here and there as this is made by Ubisoftif it wasn't for frame rate issues and glitches, I would recommend this game toany of the assassin's creed fansMy specs: i7 4770, gtx 970, 8gb ramMy rant video about this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JL7JgDZVWs&feature=youtu.beIf any of you want to check out the gameplay or frame rate issues, come check out my let's play herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv-ER-FeQ_Q"
,Recommended,289650,23536784,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,MatteoDrea$y,"So I've been playing this game for about two weeks now (I'm 34% through it) and I actually really like it. A lot of the game seems fluid and the story isn't bad either. The one glitch that I experienced was funny and didn't affect gameplay whatsoever. The only thing is that when I launched the game today, I chose my save file and it started to load. Then, right as the world faded into view, ""ACU.exe has stopped working."" I couldn't launch it through Uplay either, so I'm not sure what the issue is. All of my other games run fine and my specs are as follows:i7-4790KGTX 9708GB RAM"
,Not Recommended,289650,20444227,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,SuperMadMax876,"If you are an Assassins Creed fan best part of this game is that you can completely skip it, as this game does not advance present time story at all.Gameplay has a lot of improvements, like sneaking (finally) but controlling the character is harder than ever. Arno seems to never to do want him to do - randomly climbs walls and fences, can never enter the window when I want him to and so on. It was always a problem with assassins creed, but this game is the worst.The biggest gripe is that the best suit of armor is purely a cosmetic one, that I realized after I spent a day solving riddles to get it.Side missions are boring, do not waste your time on them. Collectables are plenty as always, rewards for them- just like the armor - are crap.I tried to like this game, but I cannot. Not because of performance, which was satisfactory (high settings, FXAA on R9 290 with 60 fps with dips to 40 near Notre Dame and other crowded places), but because of quality of the game's story, which is the most important to me. Not for a second I was interested in the plot or felt something for the characters. It was so mundane that this is the first game I regret spending time playing.Do not make the same mistake that I did and avoid this game."
76561198010120752,Not Recommended,289650,13011622,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,BD dude,"I want to like this game.  The only thing my PC lacked that did not exceed the recommended spec was my graphic's card, so i bought another one.  I was hyped that I would be able to play on pretty high settings.It is clear that alot of time and detail was put into it and that it will be a great game, someday.  But I am writing this now.  The game is basicaly unplayable past a hour or so.  Yes you can play to some extent, but the game relies on precise moves to do things like get in crowds and look around doors (I play mostly stealth, not bam bam), however with the frame issues you can be walking along, then all the sudden looking straight up to the sky, or walk into a wall, or the other direction.  I have tried all the suggestions in the forums, even ones that do not make sense (have not disco my ethernet).  it seems to be a memory leak becuase whatever it do, it runs better after the game restarts, but gets worse and worse until it just becomes uplayable do to the lag.  restarting does not always help, either, so that may kill my memory leak theory.  co-op is currently not doable.This game joins X rebirth and a few others in my ""will probably never finish becuase of the bad feelings"" catagory.story = decentmain charactor = likable (sorry Conner)gameplay = fair (sure to get better, but...)graphic's =  awesome, while not moving, turning, thinking, blinking...oh another thing, I wish they would not make the notification that I have more skill points to spend come up constantly...i mean, i know, i am saving them for a better skill.  i can not read half the descriptions because it comes up so often"
,Recommended,289650,15921046,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,benschmidty24,"This game is incredible. The bugs have been fixed and I can run it on HIGH with no performance issues on my geforce 750Ti card. This game is beautiful however the combat can be VERY tricky, Overall 9/10 because difficult combat."
76561198133420745,Not Recommended,289650,12921596,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,gr1mms,I just started the game nightmare fuel10 out of 10 must buybest horror survival game
76561197963785350,Not Recommended,289650,20517383,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Artemis Clivefrog,Do not buy this game for more than five dollars.
,Not Recommended,289650,13976611,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Pizza.Dogs,I don't think I will buy another Ubisoft game again. No matter how good it looks.Ubisoft has turned into a money-hogging company now...
76561198084490415,Not Recommended,289650,13985854,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Avran,"I'm gonna keep this short.This game is a piece of garbage and Ubisoft doesn't give♥♥♥♥♥♥I will never buy any of their games again and will tell everyone I know that Ubisoft are basically a bunch of thieves.0/10,  Great for uninstalling."
76561198141351523,Not Recommended,289650,13020108,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Jin,Do not get this half-broken game i can't believe i paid $75sgd for this♥♥♥♥♥♥..Unable to play Co-op for the past 1 week really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and the cut scene are like shrek graphics and the story is the worst one by far...The story is so simple as if a 12 years old wroteUbisoft great job! (Y) ♥♥♥♥ you _L_
76561197976657784,Not Recommended,289650,28426164,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,v0yd,"A lot of time has passed since this game was released, but it looks like they never managed to fix the technical issues. Every time I tried it, the game ""stopped working"" after only a short time of playing. The longest time before it crashed was about half an hour, and eventually I reached a cutscene during which it would crash every time. I'm going to request a refund.From what little of the gameplay I could see, it seems like a standard fare Assassin's Creed game. If you like the series, you could go ahead and give the game a try. If you're lucky it'll work for you."
,Recommended,289650,24667401,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ArkTique,Really good game (I'm french ^^) It is awesome to see Paris from the XIIIth century
76561198079458747,Not Recommended,289650,24004220,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,🅱ason,"Not worthy your time or money. This game falls short of so many essentials of the AC franchise it's unbearable, not only is the preformance absolute♥♥♥♥♥but the controls (at least on PC) are literal cancer, if you do buy this game you will most definitely find yourself repeating long and tiresome sequences due to Arno's inability to maneuver the cityscape and sword.Again, this game is NOT worth your money, do not make the mistake of buying it like I did. I know the French revolution was just bursting with potential and to an extent Ubisoft nailed the setting and background but that doesn't justify your purchase at all. Thank you."
,Recommended,289650,14805913,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Nigma,"After the sensational Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag, I did not anticipate that a successor could be any better. But the show must go on, so Assassin's Creed Unity hit stores.First of all: Black Flag was designed on the old console generation (PS3 & XBoX360) and exceeded the Assassin's Creed (1) tale by far (sailing and swashbuckling pirates are not very stealthy). Now, with the new instalment, the makers could have preceded with sea fights and stuff and completely alienate their franchise OR do something completely different. And so they did, by erasing all ships and going back to solid land. Paris sets a wonderful and big stage to explore. Though it’s not as big as the Caribbean Sea it certainly has more than enough to explore to make both games even. However, the new console generations demanded new graphics and therefore a lot more -all from scratch- programming. The game, its DLC Dead Kings as well as the App and Assassin's Creed Initiates(acinitiates.com)were buggy to the point of being unplayable. Most of the issues are fixed by now, but it is a disappointment to by a AAA-title and get crapware.However, Unity does a lot of things right by going some steps backwards. Everything that made the franchise memorable has been redone: parkouring, inventory, people, fighting and multiplayer are all brand new and -though not perfect- gives a solid feeling. That promises more and even better instalments in the future.My creed: It's pure Assassin's Creed and bugs free. Don't expect another Black Flag but enjoy the revolutionary Paris. And for those who like the franchise it's a must-play anyway."
,Recommended,289650,15276924,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Kiksu,"Ok, full disclosure from the start.  I'm a big fan of the Assassin’s Creed series of games.  I’ve played through all the core series so far and have loved each one (even AC3, which gets a terrible rap in my opinion).  I wrote a glowing review of Assassin’s Creed 4: Black Flag on Steam calling it one of my favourite games of all time!The reviews for Unity pointed at a poorly optimised, buggy, PC version and some very questionable design choices (prominent micro transactions and annoying ‘companion app’ quests built into the game).  So I resisted a day one buy, partly because I wanted to buy specifically on Steam, rather than Uplay.  Partly because I figured these issues would be fixed in time.  But I caved in during the Steam Christmas sale and experienced first-hand the mess Ubisoft had shoved out the door.  At the time I was running a reasonably powerful system (an i7 3770K overclocked to 4.5GHz, 16 GB RAM and a Geforce 680 (with 2GB of VRAM).  My system is hamstrung slightly as my six year old Samsung monitor only supports a resolution of 1680x1050, though this does allow me to push for graphical detail at the expense of resolution.  Since the weak link in my PC was that my graphics card lacked VRAM I set the graphical options to HIGH and jumped in.The game looked good, great in fact!  I was slightly surprised it was using the same AnvilNext engine as Black Flag.  Everything looked that much more realistic, especially the facial animations.  But then it started, micro stutter, every few seconds.  Just enough to make the game unplayable.  Feeling disappointed I quit after 5 minutes to patiently for a patch.  Though having been burned with similar Watch_Dogs problems I resigned myself to the issue never being addressed.But it was!  After almost three months, and with the release of Patch 5, my micro stutter issue was fixed and I gave the game another run out.And straight away I fell in love with it.  So much so that I picked up a 970 to see it in all its glory!So what’s good?As much as I loved Black Flag for the fresh new approach it bought to the series (and the stunning Caribbean vistas) I felt it lacked a lot of what I really liked about the first few Assassin’s Creed games.  I felt that the core mechanic in this series was parkouring through a well realised, historic city.  Unity brings this back and improves on it hugely.  The parkour just flows better than in previous games with extra animations for movement.  You actually feel like you’re moving quickly over, through and under the city.  “Through” being perhaps the most exciting enhancement.  There are now a large number of buildings in the game world that have been opened up.  Some of these interiors being fairly generic rooms with others being incredible recreations of real world locations.  Notre Dame is simply stunning in terms of detail.  The lighting illuminating the interior of this vast gothic cathedral is one of the most impressive things I’ve seen in any game to date.  It looks like something from a tech demo, and yet its fully interactive!  On the subject of lighting its equally impressive to see a cloud slowly move past the sun temporarily throwing shadows over parts of the city.  It doesn’t add anything to the gameplay but its little details like this that increase immersion.But this is only a small part of a multitude of improvements that makes Ubisoft’s recreation of Paris in the late seventeen hundreds a real marvel.  Much has been made of technology that allows large crowds to populate the streets of the city and again, that is really impressive and immersive.  Wherever you travel in Paris there are people doing something.  Watching a beheading, clamouring to break into a church, protesting, singing, getting drunk, conversing idly.  The sheer number of crowd animations makes everywhere feel alive and while it makes a big difference and affords many more opportunities.  You can now effectively plan an assassination, remove your target and then disappear seamlessly into the crowd to escape.This leads into perhaps the single best improvement to the series.  The overhaul of the missions.  Each of the core story sequences seems to revolve around finding a killing and key character in the story (I say “seems” as I’ve only played through the first 6-7 so  far).  But unlike in previous Assassin’s Creed titles you’re given a great deal of freedom in how you go about the assassination.  You can charge in, sword out, pistol at the ready.  But you’ll be in for a long, drawn out fight against tough opposition.  Alternatively you can use stealth and misdirection to avoid combat almost entirely.  There are often multiple routes through to a target, reminiscent of classics like Deus Ex.  And there are optional objectives to accomplish to help tip the odds in your favour.  Overall you feel in complete control of the assassination.  You make the plan, you execute it (and your target) and you adapt if something goes awry.  The enemy AI isn’t nearly as impressive as that in something like Metal Gear Solid 5: Ground Zeros (where there is real fear you will be hunted down if spotted) but still makes for an exciting challenge.The co-op missions are surprisingly good too.  Initially I thought they were a bad idea.  Oftentimes this sort of thing feels crowbarred into the game.  But, as with Watch_Dogs, Ubisoft have integrated them into the game seamlessly.  You can either go to a predefined co-op mission location and the game will match-make for you, finding partners for your escapade.  Or alternatively you might be “interrupted” while around Paris by an assassin asking you to come and join their endeavour.  In which case you can accept or continue on with whatever you were doing.  The missions themselves feel well defined and are a lot of fun to play.  I haven’t figured out how to communicate with my fellow assassin’s yet (if you can at all) but everyone so far has “played the objective”.So what’s bad?I’m actually struggling with this question.  Obviously Ubisoft releasing an unfinished product then taking about four months to patch out some of the bigger problems is not good enough (and judging by some forum posts there are still lingering issues with those running SLI/Crossfire setups).  But if I were to judge Unity on its merits as a game (technical issues notwithstanding) there isn’t a great deal wrong with it at all.Here are my nitpicks then.  The day/night cycle seems to have gone from previous games.  Missions take place at pre-set times during the day (or night) and that’s fine.  The scene shifts to accommodate these.  Other than that you have a slider in the options menu to adjust the time of day.  Given how incredible lighting is in this game it would have been neater had this been a gradual shift.The parkour can be a little bit hit and miss.  Occasionally, while running, Arno will mount a table or chair, or wall and it will take some coaxing to get him down off it.  This can be frustrating when you’re trying to pull off a quick escape, after doing what an assassin does.In conclusion…I love this game, I really do.  I know it hasn’t gone down too well with other fans and has been unfavourably compared to Black Flag (the high water mark of the series) but for me it’s a return to the core of what made the Assassin’s Creed games great after a really fun detour.  Personally, I actually rate this slightly higher than superb Black Flag because of how incredibly realised (and beautiful) the open world sandbox is.  It’s the sort of game where you should just ditch the map (I really recommend turning the HUD widget off) and just explore historical Paris.  There really are opportunities and adventures to be had everywhere which (more or less) is why I love games in the first place."
,Recommended,289650,15983402,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Lockle,"If you are still on the fence about buying this game and you are a fan of previous Assassin's Creed games, chances are you will like this one too.The city of Paris is huge and there are plenty of things to do there.You play with your own style in mind, if you prefer a long range weapon like a staff you can use a staff at all times. If you prefer a heavy blunt weapon same applies. The choice is yours.The game runs well now (after all of the patches - I am currently using a geforce PALIT 770) and co-operative multi-player is a blast to play with friends or random people for that matter.Story wise, Arno and Elise are enjoyable and play well off one another. I wont go into spoilers about them.The game itself takes place Straight after Assassins Creed Rogue so if you have that game finish it first then play Unity."
76561198080671572,Not Recommended,289650,12975523,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Fabio,"This game should be removed for shelves everywhere, at least until its out of the beta phase of development. This game is NOT ready for the masses..."
76561198124238047,Not Recommended,289650,13052006,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Ragica,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥   it chrashes all the time
,Recommended,289650,19699177,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,hzhang7,"放假就是好呢 有时间把这款作品一口气完成 剧情真的是好 Arno对女主那么深情 但是.....哎 刺客系列 读文档是里面的乐趣之一了 玩了几款游戏 也就刺客里对建筑物 人物 物品有这么详细的介绍了 结局的那段话“The Creed of the Assassin Brotherhood teaches us that nothing is forbidden to us... All that we do, all that we are, begins and ends with ourselves.” 路是自己的 只有自己才能确认前方的道路是否正确 确实 有时候教条很吸引人 但是丢了现实 就变成了虚幻了 刺客的文化 通过游戏的主角的经历 他们的情感 表达的很好 10 out of 10 for the story音乐方面 我不是很懂音乐 但是能把我融入到那个情景中  具体的体验也只能自己玩了才知道了画面 4k 都是ultra high 把AA关了 稳定45-55左右 道路上45 房子里 空间比较小的 能55以上 没一下子掉帧的情况 建筑物的细节处理的很棒 色调肉眼看上去很舒服 建筑物里头 摆的东西就能够看出主人的地位 不过也对 被刺杀的个个都是有地位的人 能不富裕么 能没逼格么。。优化嘛 游戏能玩就好了 哪个游戏没问题呢 毕竟是一年一部的作品 测试方面的肯定没那么多时间研究 还有就看你想体验游戏哪个方面了 画质跟帧数都要最好 那推荐的最高配置可能满足不了你的需求了 降低分辨率 那你开了ultra high也白搭玩法没怎么变吧 除了武器多样化之外 该怎么玩的还是怎么玩 游戏内置购买不是很喜欢 虽然游戏币可以通过多人任务来攒 多人任务给好评 资源来的最第二快的  我都是一个人匹配 体验不到指责对方的乐趣吃个饭 玩Syndicate去"
,Not Recommended,289650,27823384,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CrunkFreak,"Don't bother. Crashes, crashes, crashes.GTX970."
,Recommended,289650,15597727,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,☜ UncleNiko ☞,"I really wish Steam offered a ""Meh"" option for when I wouldn't recommend nor would I chastise a game. This is a good example.Pros:- As with most new AC titles, stunning visuals for its time- Outfit customizations with individual stats to fit a broad range of play styles, with plenty of mixing and matching for each player's ideal experience- Rewards the completionist- Decently engaging storyline, not just ""the Assassins were literally everywhere when they were supposed to be in a decline""; continues to offer the alternative view that the Assassins were no longer the paragons they were shown to be- Interesting new take on multiplayer, encouraging cooperation; a step up from their previous hunt-style deathmatch- Improved and more challenging combat mode, mostly eliminating the ""spam block for invincibility"" technique- Overhauled parkour- Easily at least a 20-hour game (I logged 100 hours on console)Cons:-Very obviously unfinished(2014 was kind of a rough year for Ubisoft)- Though it's expected from most AC titles that sometimes, your character won't do what you want them to in terms of parkour, but it's a much heavier issue in Unity-Buggyin many aspects- Unoptimized (possibly because of the level of detail they crammed into the game)- Storyline does the exact same thing that every previous installment has done-MicrotransactionsAll in all, Ubisoft did a decent job in making me want to play a lot more of the game than I had in previous installments (excluding Black Flag), yet they still failed to deliver on key issues. I'm putting ""Recommend"" simply because I don't want to make people think I hate it. I don't. But I don't love it either."
,Not Recommended,289650,12910689,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,GeorgH,Works even worse than Watch Dogs!And it crashes even more often than Battlefield 4 in launch week!And the best of it: The last crash killed my savegame.
,Not Recommended,289650,12909262,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,King's Guard,"At its current state this game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. I cant see the main menu its completely white, and IF i can manage to start a game, simply by button mashing, It crashes 10-15seconds into the first cutscene. Still crashes if I attempt to skip the cutscene."
,Not Recommended,289650,35137643,Posted: 22 September,all,Barry Bones,Played 70 hours of a glitch fest that runs at 20fps on a GTX 1070. I was a stupid kid.
76561198003460164,Not Recommended,289650,13277188,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,BattleTree,"repetitive boring story... this game is not even close to what black flag delivered.. i played without crashes but fps did suck..  after an hour or so of play i always restarted the game because it seems to get more and more laggy the longer u play.. its the boring story that killed me. and i personally did not find this game that visually attractive. i felt so trapped in this tiny world compared to black flag..  it just didnt touch black flag.. i dont recommend it because it feels like a huge step backwards and its just boring...the coop is fun for a few mins till u get bored of the same 2 or so missions everyone does.. and no one plays together anyway.. its just 4 guys doing their own stuff messing up the missions... no voice or text chat... GREAT IDEA!! ubisoft ""lets make a coop game with no voice or chat options"".... guess its back to wrecking cars in bugbears next car game for me til something good comes out.."
76561198043103565,Not Recommended,289650,13081542,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,neoab,"Listen to the other thousands of reviews about this game. If i should describe it in one word it would be ""unplayable""A disgrace to the whole series."
,Recommended,289650,29768511,Posted: 7 February,all,[OothM]Candleman,"The game is awesome but voicing is a little bit low for games quality.Sight quests are amazing and creative. The storyline is detailed and reasonable at first. Then at the end, it's too slapdash and it doesn't make any sense. The end is too short like it doesn't satisfy you because the story is really detailed, smooth and exciting at the beginning. For a beginning like that, the end just doesn't satisfying enough. I was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the end, it was too patchy. You have unlimited possibilities to assassinate someone or do something. It makes you feel like you are a real assassin. You can integrate the role/act. You are making the opportunity for yourself and I think this is awesome. I think it is worth to buy. Try it. It's fun.Storyline: 4/10voicing: 6/10gameplay: 9/10graphics: 8/10caracters: 7/10"
,Not Recommended,289650,13198250,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Alinsa,"This game is a complete mess, to the point that I frequently don't know what I'm supposed to be doing, or why. The way it forces you to do things on mobile or online (Nomad stuff, co-op stuff, Initiates stuff) is infuriating. It feels like they just came up with a bunch of different interesting ideas for a game and threw them all together without a lot of thought and planning, and here we are. As a bonus insult, 10 hours in, the metaplot basically hasn't made an appearance yet. I was disappointed at the metaplot in AC4 (after the great one in 3/Revelations/Brotherhood/etc), and this one is well on its way to disappointing me even more (I hope it surprises me, though).The performance is really awful, as well. Even with things turned way down, on a decent system, the controls still feel extremely sluggish; combat is outright difficult to the point that it's hit or miss whether I'll even survive a given combat, even though I had absolutely zero problems with combat in previous AC games. It's an extremely frustrating experience, and not at all fun.UPDATED: 30 hours in and most of the way through the main plot, and the metaplot has yet to make an appearance. ANY appearance. This really, really sucks. If I could give this game a double-thumbs-down for it, I would. The way the plot and the metaplot twined together in previous AC releases is, in my mind, what made them truly unique, and they completely left it out in this one. I can't remember ever being more disappointed in a game."
,Recommended,289650,17062526,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Λki,"I don't get why people hate this game so much ...The only thing I disliked was the story.But they fixed most of the bugs, I had almost none so far after 60hrs play time, The graphics are amazing, it's fun to walk and climb around since they improved the parkour part a lot, you get a ton of different weapons and clothes, I enjoyed the coop stuff, and there's a huge map with a lot of buildings to enter without loading screens.To me it's one of the best Assassins Creed games."
76561197971149280,Not Recommended,289650,15260768,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Unpaid,"This game is a total disaster.The frames dropped next to nothing even in window mode.The game saves glitched out and kept forcing me to go to the DLC ""undead kings"" So I had to delete my progress and start all over again, from scratch.The Controls didn't respond whenever I tried to tell my character to climb up down or whatever other angle you could think of. It just didn't work and when it did want to work. It clung to practically everysingle texture I could never want to be clung to, sometimes even being stuck INSIDE the textures.Same consumption was low, the entiretime I never seen it spike over 3.5 gigs of ram consumption.and GPU rendering never broke a sweat.  IT just lagged out, and crashed.I checked over their lists to see if my hardware met the system requirements and it does.Ubisoft needs to slow down on these releases coming out so fast. Its starting to show now, and a company should do much better testing before releasing a game in this state. Its junk status, and could even be labled one of the worst releases i've ever gotten from Ubisoft of all time.I love the game series and i'm trying hard to ride it out.  However if Rouge Is this bad, I'll never purchase a game from this franchise again. And I really mean this.Bottom line. Unless you're a hardcore fan already hooked on the story line.DON'T get this game.WHAT ABOUT YOUR FAN BASE? WHY DID YOU LEAVE US HANGING LIKE THIS?At least give us a patch to fix these terrible bugs."
76561198158697268,Recommended,289650,15051649,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,M0rph3u5,"I've played this game not long after it was released, and i was very disappointed. Performance was horrible, bugs on every step ... so i gave up on it despite its outstanding gameplay and good story.I started playing it again recently thinking that by now there had to be some updates released to fix what needs to be fixed and i have to say i was pleasantly surprised.Game runs smoothly and i havent come across any serious bug so far. Just to say, i am running it on same machine as before.So, it's a shame game wasn't released in this current condition, that way game could have been even better by now."
76561198029630127,Not Recommended,289650,13027996,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Seeker,Everything that needs to be said has already been said.-Performance-Constant Crashes-Lack of Ubisoft damage control-etc-etc
,Not Recommended,289650,14086281,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ScorpusVarro,"This game was so bad I felt the need to say so. I have never given a game a bad review, formally. Though I have come across bad games, I tend to keep my opinions to myself. This game however is so utterly terrible in every aspect of its execution, I would like to warn others from paying for it, and being, as I was, seriously dissapointed. Avoid it at all costs. How they get away with such poor craftsmanship is completely beyond me."
,Recommended,289650,16228668,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,fAzE vriska chan~,"I'm very surprised at how far this game has come. Yes, it had a terrible launch and lingered for a long time, but Ubisoft reallys tepped up their game with the updates and improvements they'ev made. The gameplay is incredibly fluid, the locomotion and general animation of all the characters is done perfectly, the freerunning is the best of any Assassin's Creed yet. The story is a little lacking, but I still found it more than amusing and worthwhile. I didn't like that they sold the game out to be one where the campaign was co-operative, then made it all just a bunch of missions instead, but the multiplayer is still loads of fun, whether you're robbing a series of buildings or just racing around the rooftops with friends. If your computer can run it, I more than definitely recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,289650,14039579,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,killercopperhead,"I have one thing to sayand I'm not going to waste your time with the detailsDONT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Instead go buy middle earth shadow of mordorif you like the ac series you'll love shadow of mordorUPDATE 9/27/15Also viva la revolution my @$$,this game feels like there is no revolution at all"
,Not Recommended,289650,14917854,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Nick,"Because of the sale, and the time that has passed since it's release, I figured now would be an okay time to pickup AC:U, assuming much of the technical problems the game was facing would be solved.  I was wrong.  I was able to run the game at 45-70 FPS (a mix of high/ultra settings) for most of my play time, but the pop-in, dear christ the pop-in is so horrendous. You can't walk 10 feet without seeing an NPC suddenly pop-in from nowhere right in front of you, or their level of detail suddenly change drastically inches from you. The building level of detail changes are quite harsh too, a building 100~ feet away looks like something out of a Playstation One game, and after tinkering with the video settings for some time, and searching for a while on a number of websites and forums, I was unable to find a solution to either of these things.I'd say pass on this game, unless you find it for like 10-15$ from somewhere, or go pickup Black Flag or Rogue.  I don't see Ubisoft ever being able to fully fix this title."
,Recommended,289650,27688497,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,็gabe,The patch saved the game.Now only to wait for more people to play it.
,Recommended,289650,17622044,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Rithm,Fun game. I told myself it was the last game I'd ever preorder... :-)
,Recommended,289650,22191150,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Non Mexican George Lopez,"I've played every Assassin's Creed up to this, and I can see why some people complain, although it isn't that bad. The game is very fun, but It need more content. I've spent about 35 of my hours trying to find chests and collect points and all that. Having sead that, this game ties well into the ending of AC rogue, but we need more missions that tie into rogue, continuing the story of it. There is not one mention of Shay in the entire game that I've seen except for the outfit (And no, there isn't a hooded variation). While it is a fun game, you cannot use half of the cool things you find/collect in the game which makes it incredibly lack luster since those are the parts we anticipate for in the game, and that  we really wan't to see in action rather than having to use it for one mission/cut scene. I give this game an 8/10 since the controls were nice, the game's graphics were amazing, the story was developed but not fully intact or ""there"" persay. There are a ton of side missions that have good rewards, but aren't worth it a ton in the long run due to the fact that you can earn livres very easy. It seemed as if it branched it's own story within the universe, but it wasn't terrible. A few minor problems I seem to see frequently: #1) When you ALT + TAB, the map seems to glith out a bit with black lines here and there. #2) Sometimes if you SHIFT + TAB, or ALT + TAB, the game seems to bug the controls out not allowing you to move forward or backwards for a few seconds. If you just let it rest for like 3 seconds and try to move though it should be fine. #3) And finally, my biggest annoyance of this game, is not being able to jump down off of certain things easily. Say you want to jump off of a fence thats 2 feet off the ground, the game wont let you just hit W and walk off, you need to fully jump and sometimes it directs your controls to a nearby building. Overall, the game is good, but it does have some minor flaws and needs a bit more missions and side quests in order for it to be worth 40$. If Ubisoft can add some basic 2-5$ dlc's and fix the bugs, while adding some more missions here and there, the game would definately be worth itSPOILER WARNING...........When you collect the sword of eden (Main story), the magic lantern (Main Story), and potion of life (Paris Story AKA side quest), you cannot use them, but the sugers eagle you can use. Also if you want the Thomas De Carneillon outfit, just look up nostradamus enigma guide on google and there should be the entire list. And you need to do certain quests and find areas to unlock initiate chests which hold outfits like franciade raider, ezio's outfit, edward & connor kenway, altair, king louis VII iron mask, Shay patricks templar outfit & so on. They arent hard to get. Download the AC unity companion app on your phone and level your characters up to 16-20, and beat the pantheon glyphs and nomad missions to unlock altair's assassin outfit"
,Not Recommended,289650,14001697,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,MEME Master,Oh my freaking god. I have PC for over 2000$ with nearly top config and i cannot even feel myself a bit comfortable being IN MENU having just HIGH game quality graphics. Cant even start without lowering this♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME JUST SUCKS IN OPTIMIZATION
,Not Recommended,289650,14032365,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,cimpercee,"Do not buy this game. You will end up frustrated. I am running 4.6 4960k with GTX 980 G1. My processor utilization is 100% on 4 cores running this game.This guy even 8 core with SLI gtx 980https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6KrUM-4oegand cannot run it with 60FPSThey claimed processor is the culprit but not when I watch the video. I am a fan of Assasin's Creed, even this game if properly made is good.,I think this is the end of this franchise for me.."
,Not Recommended,289650,14056894,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,nightmare,"Potential to be an amazing game. Seems really cool, great ideas, and awesome advancements. Unfortunately, I've preordered this game about a month or two before it came out, and I still cannot even run the tutorial 1st mission. It's a bit saddening and I know some other people have been able to start up the game and play a bit, so if anyone thiinks they can help me please let me know. Every time entering the mission it crashes and reboots my whole system. (Yes I have uninstalled and re-installed it)."
76561198127721772,Not Recommended,289650,14272240,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,chaddie47,"Honestly, I am a fan of the Assassin's Creed series, but I would not recommend this game to anyone for multiple reasons. Unless you have a gaming computer, the graphics are terrible and the fps is low. I gave a gaming desktop with an Nvidia 900 series card and still can't play with max graphics. The ending is terrible and leaves you with nothing fun to do when the main story is finished. This took up 45 Gigs on my computer and wasn't so great. The only good thing about this game is that it gives you many choices of customization like weapons and clothing."
76561198070775088,Not Recommended,289650,14040470,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Cooper,"I must say I love this game because it is a big step up. But they are some times where I have had enough of this game..Terrible AI, Terrible PC port, Terrible Storyline, Terrible Missions.I found where if I am running toward something, Arno will go to the object beside him. Plus I lag a bunch, sometimes, but sometimes it not bad, but personally I say this to everyone. Don't buy this game. Buy it on Xbox One or PS4. The PC port is worst first PC port I have ever played, and personally I hope other PC ports don't follow this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mess.4/10Great game but terrible problems with it. ""Next Generation AC"" BULLSH*T!Thanks for reading.."
,Not Recommended,289650,12928067,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Victor Menna,"A lot of BUGS and FPS DROP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Ubisoft, Fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!"
76561197992239016,Recommended,289650,13115649,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,nuffnuff,"I must have been one of the lucky ones - tried to play on a GTX580 when the game came out just in case but the game was unplayable. I had anticipated this, so went out and got a 970 and am enjoying the experience thoroughly (on a i7 950). It's a beautiful game and well thought out too - the 1.5 gig patch last night should have sorted out most people's gripes. I don't regret purchasing this and am feeling that I am getting my money's worth. Helps having low release expectations (I work in systems administration). I've played the others and this has the most ambitious scope of the lot. With a new engine to boot, there are bound to be teething issues. My opinion would most likely be different if I were in a place where bandwidth was less accessible."
76561198072961878,Recommended,289650,21163182,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,FISH,"running windows 10 and no crashes yet, idk what all these people are talking about how it crashes all the time"
,Not Recommended,289650,13114084,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,blvansickle,"I have been a strong supporter of ubisoft for years and have owned most of their games ether on pc or on xbox and assassins creed has been one if not my favourite game series, but this game is absolutely appalling i cant belive how unfinished this game is. The fps is all over the place no matter what settings im on, even at the lowest possable settings im getting 10-40 fps and it constantly jumps back and forth. Even looking past that the game crashes constantly I dont think I ever got more than a half hour with out a crash. This game ruined ubisoft for me, for them to allow a game to be released with this many problems is discusting. The worst part about all of this is the game accually has great potental, the story is great, the best I personally think since AC 2, and the games absolutly beutiful. The art designers really went over board with this game everything from the buildings to the people look amazing, it is probably the best looking game I have ever played. I really want to like this game and recommend it to other people but it is just so broken I couldnt recommed it to anyone. I hope that ubisoft fixes these bugs because I really want to like this game."
76561198030245089,Recommended,289650,21088728,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Danimgomes,"So, I pre-orded the game, I was very excited, but well godamn, was I wrong. The game was so bad I quitted, and didnt even toutch it for a few months, waited for it to be fixed, and now it is.I played the game again and now I do feel like completing the story, and stuff.After the fix I think the game jumped from a 6/10 to a 8/10I now recomend this game and am deep sorry if you also pre-orded it, hope this helps"
,Recommended,289650,21676522,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Weaselly,"Please read.(Please note: This is written from somebody below minimum specs, but also somebody who has played the XBOX One version.)AC Unity... It's pretty good. It's probably my favorite AC gameplay mechanics wise (we got a hipster here), but the quality... the performance...Isn't... that good...Yes, I'm below minimum specs, but I've heard NUMEROUS reports of others having the same problems... ABOVE RECOMMENDED specs. Let me tell you my story.Buys game on sale for $30 bucks. Notices I'm below minimum specs, figures 'oh, well I'll tone down the settings'. Notices black flickering in game; finds out it's a common problem.Does some stuff. Fixes it, but causes more problems, like messed up cutscenes, and MASSIVE stuttering; finds out BOTH are common problems.First quarter of game; glitchy, but playable.Second quarter; running smoothly after messing around a bit.Third quarter;  messing up a little... But still, for the most part, playable.Fourth quarter; crashes twice during final boss; once mid-fight, once during ending cutscene.Post-story; CAN'T DO ANYTHING WITHOUT STUTTERING. I try to load a mission, it crashes. I try to customize my character... Crash. I run around aimlessly trying to find other stuff to do; stutter, freeze, crash.Storywise, I LOVE AC Unity, and don't see why people hate it.Gameplay Ideas, I love, and find absolutely genius and incredible.Technicalwise, I want to burn this game. Not onto a disc... In a FIRE.On the XBOX One (from what I've played), it's great. And from the sounds of it, with a good PC, and some messing about with the technical settings, it's absolutely brilliant...But, if you're the kind of person who has a below-minimum-specs PC, and just figures 'oh, I'll tone down the settings and it'll run fine'...YOU'RE GONNA HAVE A BAAAAAD TIME."
,Recommended,289650,22174183,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,harlekein,"I finally bought it when it was on sale for € 15 and this is a worthy price. I was worried about performance and glitches, but so far I have been running it in Win 10 in Win 7 compatibility mode without any problems.My laptop is a Gigabyte PW25v2 and I have been playing in ultra on 720p. (My TV doesn't go higher) It's been very stable and playable.The game itself, I am still a fan of the AC flavor. I know some people have tired of it, but not me. This game uses a new engine since the previous games and it's a really beautiful looking game. The animations are great as well. I am amazed by the number of NPC's in the streets, even though you see the same ones repeated so often.I enjoyed the pirating in previous games, but I also love the huge city to run around in. This time around it's no longer possible to kill a horde of enemies. When you are spotted, they come after you fast and hard. In enemy territory the alarm bell is sound and you better run.I am not a fan of the levelling system, as it always becomes weird where you overlevel for some areas, etc. Levelling is done with money and gear basically. But this is something that is not yet solved in open world games where you are levelling up and not exclusive to AC. I like that they are taking a new approach."
76561198081187013,Recommended,289650,22184599,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,neeler,"Although this game at release, was full of bugs, the game in it's current state is an enjoyable experience. I thoroughly enjoyed the game and the Parisian scenery was wonderful. The French revolution is also, a great mark for a plot to revolve around. I felt obliged to leave a review considering all the negative press this game has received, don't get me wrong: a game shouldn't be released in the state this was initially, but the team at Ubisoft must of continued working on it to get  this great game to it's current state.And in it's current state, I'd recommend it."
76561198169532965,Recommended,289650,22164190,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Tim Snow,"Good graphics, good game, good assassinations, good story. Love it."
,Recommended,289650,22165782,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Frederino,People say its bad.It's not greatBut it's good
76561198083112529,Recommended,289650,22180695,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Thats a spice meatball,"Most of the reviews, even in the positive ones, call this game a bugged mess. And I can almost second that. The game isn't as badly optimized as most say it is. I have an i3 4160 and a GTX 750ti. That are the lowerest mid level tier hardware you can get, or highest low level depending on how you look at it. I run this at High settings, and have never dropped below 30 FPS. Badly optimized? No. Mostly Optimized? For the most part. This game is a blast with friends, and exploring Paris is stunning. Just mind the occasional glitch or so."
76561197986664315,Recommended,289650,20651743,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,RandomWalker,"If you have a powerful pc which can run this game at highest level graphics you should buy it..Paris is looking absolutely great , graphics are one of the best I have ever seen ok maybe senario is the weakest point but I liked new combat system which is very hard ,  push to be acting like an real assassins (which is good) , side missions are not boring  , new crime scene missions are like L.A. Noire , try to find killer by doing some searching at crime scene by talking some witness.. thats awasome.."
,Recommended,289650,13071499,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,chillghost,"The game is amazing, with cinematic graphics, great story and a really immersive gaming experience, bringing us back to the French Revolution. But as everyone already knows (probably), the game is filled with a bunch of annoying bugs, that should have been fixed before the game release. I noticed that the story isn´t like the other games of the franchise, because it is WAY more focused in Arno Dorian´s story, and not in the history itself (of the French Revolution), wich i a BIG disappointment for me. Dispite this, I think the game is worth buying, with a whole new awesome features, like Arno´s customization and the Co-op mode, wich is probably the most expected multiplayer mode of all the other games.-7/10"
,Recommended,289650,12962957,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Watt,"I do recommend this game. But I also recommend you wait till they sort out the bug fixes and also a good computer. Or just get a better computer. It really is a great game, co op fantastic, controls smooth. I would enjoy the experience alot more if I had a better computer though."
76561198130074753,Recommended,289650,23833577,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jewkester,"This is not a bad game. Far from it, actually!! The performance issues it had at launch are gone now and it runs smoothly on my computer. The graphics are incredible, the parkour system is really fun this time around, and the assassin missions are very methodical. That being said, the story is very, VERY underwhelming and the missions just kinda string together without any real emotion to them. Arno is a likable character for the most part, definitely moreso than the likes of Connor from AC3. The upgrade system is cool and it is nice to customize your character for a change.All in all, this game is worth buying if you are a fan of the series. Newcomers might find themselves confused and frustrated, as this game gives you A LOT to do right at the start. You might feel overwhelmed at first. If you are a fan of the series, this game is worth the money, but if you are new then I'd wait till it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,289650,13057253,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Zeuz,"I got a good 30 hours out of this game, including chasing down some collectables, but the overall experience was drastically worsened by all the random game crashing and save game corruption after patches so I had to start over again. It just made it hard to appreciate the game when the game is so badly optimized at launch, and its been hyped up for so long by ubi/nvidia. I can't help but feel like I've just been milked for money and been lured into buying a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥product that has been shoved out of Ubi's studios without bothering to finish, just so they could cash in and leave me hanging.The story is allright, I enjoyed it at least. The open world looks nice, and I enjoyed the side quests. The combat feels nice and responsive, I like it as much as in the other games even though they changed it a bit. Graphics look nice too if you are able to max out everything, but it FAR from justifythe INSANE performance hits and low fps on high end hardware. I played on a 780 and 4770k with really high overclocks, and I had to turn down some settings and just force FXAA through software instead, because the in game AA / graphics and shadow settings just cost too much performance. It just doesn't feel good to have 30 fps in a game like this, not responsive enough for me. After I tweaked it a bit and turned off the in game AA and used forced FXAA instead, I was able to get 50-60 fps most of the time, but it just doesn't look that great without proper AA.If they had postponed release untill they could smooth out the bugs and the fps issues, I would rate it way higher and reccomend the game, but Im sad to say I can't do that even though I love the AC series and the game itself would be good and worth a playthrough if it just worked as it should. I give it a 5/10. (8/10 if they fix everything)"
,Recommended,289650,24156491,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MuStAnG,"The only reason this game was hated upon was because of the bugs and glitches. But when i played this game most bugs were fixed. So there isn't anything to complain about, except the story of the game isnt very immersive. But the game's beautiful grapihics and smoothness made me forget that. I'd highly recommend you to buy this especially for the co-op."
76561197986116960,Not Recommended,289650,12982465,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Nagard,"Unfortunately this is currently by far the worst Assassins Creed. Eventhough we were able to notice a few steps towards this in Black Flag it is impressive how bad this game really is.Ther performance of the game is quite terrible. I would say I own an above-average rig right now, but I can only play on the lowest details available to have the game run smoothly. Unfortunately even the first Assassins Creed looked better (of course on high details, but it's Assassins Creed Unity on lowest details looks like it came straight from 10 years ago). As a result: The textures look like mud.A big argument for buying the game was the new Coop-Gamemode, but unfortunately Uplay is Udon'tplay since the servers keep collapsing all the time and as a result I am almost unable to play the Cooppart with friends, but only with random people.In Combat you now ONLY have ONE weapon available (No more daggers or other fast weapons, no more fighting with the hidden blade and no more fighting with your fists only.) and basically what you have to do is simply click left as fast as you can until one enemy gets a yellow healthbar instead of a red one and then you have to press E to parry it or sometimes you have to dodge it by tapping Space. Later you can also learn to perform heavy attacks or to shove into the enemy staggering him and that's it. You can't grab the enemy anymore, you can't disarm the enemy and the countering has also gone overboard somehow. So the fighting is boring at best and annoying the rest of the time due to enemies you can't parry since somehow they do not count as in your fight or whatever. And a question to Ubisoft: What the hell was wrong with the fighting in AC III? That was perfectly fine!Another thing: The freerunning. I really like that they added the ability, to choose whether one would like to go up or down while freerunning (This is the ONLY change in gameplay I found enjoyable). But unfortunately I experienced a (I would call it heavy) bug for the first time in the series. I got stuck inside walls nummerous times, when Arno grabbed the side of a window sill and thereby transferred half his body into the wall.The story: Sometimes within Unity one gets the feeling that Ubisoft simply left out huge parts of the story, that you have to pick up from cutscenes. Also everybody seems to know about templars and assassins and last but not least: The entire background story (Outside the Animus) is missing. All you get are a few cutscenes telling you a little bit about what you are looking for, but it's more of an excuse then a real story.And sometimes it's just the small things: Sometimes when Arno pops out the hidden blade in a cutscene there is simply air and blade (Notice the ""sometimes"" because other times I can see it) or in a cutscene Arno picks someone up who just lost a swordfight, but the person's sword is magically in the swordbelt again. The reload time for the pistols and muskets is also quite interesting. Everyone in Unity is worldchampion in speedloading ancient guns... Also: Why has the ammo you can carry for your pistol/musket been reduced to almost nothing? I mean I was able to carry 8 shots in reserve in the end, which pretty much made a musket as weapon ridiculous.My conclusion: Sadly I recommend buying other games instead of this one. For people new to the series: Take Assassins Creed III or if you only want the freerunning and assassinating: Shadow of Mordor offers that too and that game is running smoother, looks better and the combat is quite enjoyable. I really enjoyed all parts of this series up to AC III with increasing joy and Black flag was also still a good game, but Unity is unfortunately garbage, since even if Ubisoft manages to increase the performance by patches the combat will still be worthless.Edit: Nothing has changed I just have to update a review on game I nominated (In this case: ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game)"
,Not Recommended,289650,12982396,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Okihay,"When I first loaded up the game I changed my settings and everything to low because of all the reviews about lag. Still, I had moments where the game derped and I couldn't do anything about it. I blamed it on my pc and my drivers that weren't updated. After playing for an hour the game crashed without reason and brought me back to the uplay screen. I didn't want to continue so I closed it. A few days later I updated my drivers and got a new hard drive, so I reinstalled ACU on the new drive. When I wanted to launch it, it launched uplay, uplay seemed to launch the game... but it didn't. I had a nice picture of 4 assassins on my desktop and nothing else happened.I deleted everything, uplay, ACU, the saves and everything, reinstalled it again and it still didn't launch.I'm done.Don't buy it, please."
,Not Recommended,289650,15098113,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Thindex,Still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10
76561198077536201,Not Recommended,289650,14002262,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Ashren,This game does not work... I can't find any fixes anywhere. I can't believe they are still allowed to sell this game.
76561198102080207,Not Recommended,289650,14075068,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,][-KtK-][ sSubtle,i am a massive fan of the assasin creed's but when this came out i thought by far it was going to be the best of them all. i was mistaken. the space it took up was massive and the lag was so bad i couldnt even play it. i thought this was going to be the assasins creed that changed the whole cycle but i am quite disappointed.
,Not Recommended,289650,14033348,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,OD [IZK SGT] NotGpless,"WOULD NOT BUY UNTIL UPDATE! Reasons: Crashing, Extreme Lag, etc."
,Recommended,289650,13115275,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,HideoshiKaze,No issues so far.Really enjoyed it.
76561198129380421,Recommended,289650,20482932,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,JayBlue,"I was a bit leary of this game with all of the negative reviews out about it. However I picked it up cheap on a steam sale because I am a big fan of the series. I have not gotten a single graphics glitch on it, and it runs mostly smoothly late into the game. The controls are a bit sticky, but nothing new to the series as there has always been a problem with the controls figuring out what you want your character to do lol.I have read a lot of reviews complaining that it's the same gathering game and climbing tall buildings... Yes it is an Assassin's Creed game they are about collecting tropheys, stealth, fighting, Assassinating people, and completing the little in game events. This is what the series is about. Call of Duty you are going to have a gun and go shoot people. That is what we enjoy about the games. Odds are if you enjoyed the other games in the series you will enjoy this one.I really like the game's protaginist Arno, he is a likeable character. It has a decent storyline and once again I have fun the the period of time and the setting. I really like the visuals in this game. In short if you like Assassin's Creed you will like this game."
76561198204820736,Recommended,289650,20689717,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,"By far one of the greatest AC storylines!! I was one of those people weary about getting this game, i have only just completed it and thought it is amazing, definitley worth the money!! GREAT GAME LOVE IT!! I hope that i can run other assassins creed games because i will definitley be purchasing again!!"
76561198096659530,Recommended,289650,20177325,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,tomek.nowobilski,"Strong 8/10, ignore those negative reviews! Perhaps the game was really buggy at the release but it works great now!PROs:- absolutely beautiful graphics, incredibly detailed Paris to explore- works great on my GeForce 960 with a weak processor! You do not need a very expensive PC to run it smoothly!- lots of side activities- cool main character- small but interesting changes, fighting is a lot harder now, new items, new cover system, more emphasis on stealth- you can now enter most building and a lot of missions take place inside of huge locations- great new system of assasination missions of main characters, it brings back the feeling from AC1!- feels a lot like AC2 sometimes!- really cool co-op missions!CONs:- some of the side activities feel lazy and boring (like assasinations marked blue)- main story is fine but not very captivating, also could contain more connections to the typical AC story aspects like the first civililization, temples, sage etc.- could be a bit longer - I've finished the main campaign and most of side activities in 30h- still a bit buggy sometimes... nothing big, but some glitchces can be annoying- I felt like it was hard to control my character in the fight sometimes and he sometimes wouldn't respond fast enough to my commands, e.g. dodging doesn't seem to work properly, throwing smoke bombs is slow etc."
,Recommended,289650,20140975,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The_Jackal,"Beautiful, great gameplay, good characters... AC Unity's only mistake was to try to be much ahead of its time, beyond our current tecnology's limits, thus giving space to hundreds of bugs, most of which are fixed by now."
76561198161446968,Recommended,289650,21223817,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Pigs for Pogo,"Amazing game at its currents state. Runs pretty well for me too. The stories very entertaining and enjoyable, and yet also quite sad at many times. There is of course still the problem of Assassins Creed being to easy, but you have to admit the combat is as fun as it is easy, especially with five differant weapons. Coop is also great, and adds to the feel as well as the badassery. Then theres the amazing customization, which really allows you to use your own playstyle with the oh so many weapons and armor, perhaps too much. It seems the only major problem, for me atleast, is that glitches litter the game. The first 2 second in i was already stuck into the ground frozen solid, and had to start the memory again. But besides that Unity is a great game."
,Recommended,289650,21262231,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Interesting John,Most of the bugs that people have complained about seem to have been pretty thoroughly eliminated at this point. I'm really enjoying my time in the game so far and I can't wait to give the co-op a spin.
76561198233034080,Recommended,289650,21264535,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Fritzsche,"Finally it's playable, overall it's a decent game with an average story. Worth buying if you are a fan of the series or have nothing better to do."
76561198160456682,Recommended,289650,21281939,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,A.K.,"Probably one of my favourite assasins creeds. The story is very exciting and also the parkour which is amazing. The only problem is that when you start it up, it may crash, it can easily be solved though."
,Recommended,289650,29586461,Posted: 30 January,all,Sober_Bender,"So far it plays like every other assasins creed but with french flavour! Cons I found were Uplay, seems silly to need another account to run your game through steam, only other issue was a Resolution one, being way to enlarged on first launch. But I restarted my pc and everything ran great.Have to say Unity is another great addition to the franchise with alot of missions to complete and some with friends aswell. Also this is my first PC copy of ""AC"" and is alot easier played with keyboard than controller.I give it a 7 outta 10, found the battle mechanics to be cluncky and feels very much like a Warner brothers game, but is a great game in general, and a great buy if you get it on sale!Also last quick note, there are ahcievments to this game, but are on Uplay only. Uplay seems like a decent platform but just setting up your account is fustrating enough!"
76561198034705637,Not Recommended,289650,28741588,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Defalt,"While not having any game breaking bugs any more, the texture ops and low framerate are still debilitating."
,Recommended,289650,20241955,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,fake,I'm loving this game except when i exit and my computer goes into meltdown...maybe I should lower the settings.
76561198066517639,Recommended,289650,28499401,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,6ftShelby,Great story and environment. The combat mechanics are clunky sometimes & a few visual bugs.
,Recommended,289650,28953235,Posted: 2 January,all,HenkkazoR,"I enjoyed this game.This game isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥+Nice graphicsCool parkourMore character customizationCo-op missionsA nice selection of weaponsI liked the finisher animations-The story was boring at some points, ends in a boring clicheA few movement bugsFor me the bugs only appear on co-opDefinetly worth buying from a sale4/5"
,Recommended,289650,27890774,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dyzon csgogem.com,Was really bad at launch due to frame rate issues and lots of bugs. The game has now been patched and runs well and plays better. I think the main problem on launch was that they made a 2016 game in 2014.
,Not Recommended,289650,29087209,Posted: 7 January,all,nskvortsov,"Once upon a time, Assaassin's Creed was all about telling a story. A nice story about somebody. Altair, Desmond Miles or Ezio Auditore - all of them were at least interesting characters, with a personality.But these times are long gone. And while Edward Kenway is saved by rum, beatifull Carribean and his black flag, Arno (from Unity)  can do nothing but run from one point on map to another, totally bored, without any real challenges infront, killing anything that moves etc, etc.And though the Unity was released long ago, do expect bugs, glitches and other minor annoyances..."
,Recommended,289650,28233469,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,HandsomeLost,"The hardest one of any AC game I've played so far.The worst thing about the gameplay is sometimes character will jump into random directions , which sucks ..Bad camera also cause awful battle experience.However, really engaging graphics, impressing details, and the story is not as bad as many people said.Fairly nice game to get on sale,  don't recommend for the full price."
76561198115057275,Recommended,289650,28976533,Posted: 3 January,all,6_6_6,its amazing
76561198066346541,Recommended,289650,22194731,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,● Meeseeks ●,Side missions are more fun to play than the main one. cool cool
,Recommended,289650,28200994,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,The Ramen Noodle,"WARNING: SPOILERS. YOU WILL BE WARNED BEFORE THE SPOILERSQUICK OVERVIEWI've been playing Assassin's Creed since AC 2 was released. My friend recommended it to me, and I've been an avid follower of the series since then. I loved Brotherhood, Revelations was good, though it had too much to live up to, 3 was a bore, and Black Flag was a blast (get it? it's a cannon pun). So, I was sorely disappointed when I found out Unity was an utter♥♥♥♥♥♥show on launch. 2-odd years later, I decided to see if it had gotten any better.I'm happy to say that it has.The Co-op is fun, most of the bugs have been patched out, and the game looks great.While not the best Assassin's Creed game, far from it, it's not the worst either. I'd put it between Revelations and AC 1. Let's go into some pro's and cons just to show what I mean.PROS AND CONSPROSThe graphics are insane. Ubisoft really stepped their game up with this one. They pushed the engine to the limits.The world feels alive. The engine has the capability to render 1000 separate NPCs, all with different scripts.The combat is probably the best in any of the games, hands down. It's like a weird mix between the Witcher (3)'s combat, and previous titles'.The freerunning has been simplified and streamlined. With the addition of a {free run up} and a {free run down} button, it makes things much easier by keeping you from jumping off of a building when you want to go to the adjacent one. The parkour is also very floaty, and has been improved a lot in my opinion.Great voice acting. Although everyone has a British accent (in Paris??????), the performances are strong.Game runs great. It is actually quite a good port once it got patched.Multi-approach assassinations. Take a stealth or a loud approach, find different entry points (most assassinations are inside), get NPCs to help you, etc.New customization options for Arno, more so than have ever been before. Different robes for different playstyles, as well as ""mix and match-ability""The co-op is fun, if done with friends. I highly enjoy doing the missions, and even free roaming.CONSKinda bland story. It seems a bit convoluted and there are a few times that make me question what the hell the writers were on when they wrote it.The weapon system is kinda crappy now. You can only carry one weapon at a time. There are also only 3 weapon classes, Polearms (long), Heavy Weapons, and One Handed (swords). You also can no longer use your Hidden Blade in combat.While the new customization is really cool, and I like it, most of the robes kinda suck. They're ugly. They're way too flamboyant for an assassin. While one might argue that Ezio's was a bit too big for an assassin as well, it was still simple.The unlockable outfits (like the Alta'ir set in 2, or the Mayan set in Black Flag) are purely cosmetic. It gives you no reason to go and unlock them. But, this also means you can wear the armor set of your playstyle, but also not have to look at it, because they're all ugly.PERSONAL GRIPESSpoilers InboundThere were some parts of the game that really made me question some aspects. About 3/4 of the way through the game, Arno gets kicked out of the Assassins because he is too busy dealing with a personal Vendetta, tracking down the Templars that killed his family. I think this is absolutely stupid, because Ezio joined the Assassins for the exact same reason as Arno, to find the people who killed his family.Also, the piece of Eden for this game is brought up for like a minute at the very beginning of the game, and then by the time it's brought up again at the end of the game (the final boss in fact), you have completely forgotten that Pieces of Eden exist. Bad writing on Ubi's part.OVERALLOverall, I think you should get this game. If you're looking for a good story, you're not going to find it, but the gameplay and mechanics themselves are solid, and give the game justice. If you have friends looking for a new co-op game, take a look at this one. It's pretty fun, and I really enjoy my time playing it.I'd give this game a 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,289650,28919834,Posted: 1 January,all,"WTF, Over","This game crashes every 10 minutes. I get the ACU.exe has stopped working error and tried every fix I found online. I built my PC a few months ago and I am pretty sure it should be able to run this game as it was released in 2014. After a few hours I, just gave up and uninstalled it due to the crashing frustration."
,Recommended,289650,29004893,Posted: 4 January,all,Frey,"I've been a fan of the franchise ever since, not the best in the series but not also the worst one. It has its flaws but I say you should still give it a go and try getting it on sale :DPros:+ Graphics still legit look cool even in low settings+ The lighting, ambiance, color scheme, and structural design are impresively well-made (easily one of the most beautifully made games in the franchise)+ Parkour and kill animations are boss+ dressupyourassassin.jpeg+ Class system (Health, Melee, Stealth, Ranged)+ Napoleon Bonaparte+ Sneak mechanics are a new thing, now you'll feel more like a sneaky assassin+ Variety of missions, and tons of stuff to do and collect+ Coop is very fun especially if you have friends to play with+ You get to climb Eiffel Tower in the middle of WW2+ I had 80+ hrs worth on single-player alone :'DCons:- Minor glitches (NPC stuck in a tree, NPC climbing poles and buildings, Arno getting stuck mid-air, Arno's weird hand glitch when picking locks lol)- Harder combat (con for me since it kinda made the battles a bit more slow-paced)- Story's a bit bourgeois compared to Rogue, considering that both are connected- Parkour can be a bit frustrating since Arno's grip is sometimes unpredictable- If you're a completionist you're gonna have to grind a lot- Not enough color palette for your dressupyourassassin.jpegOverall I give it an 8/10 since it's still fun as hell!Buy yourself and your friends some copy and start killing some Templars together :D"
,Recommended,289650,29046665,Posted: 5 January,all,VIOREL,"I bought this game on sale (around Christmas) at half the price and I hoped for the best. I read numerous reviews of people complaining about this game, however, because of the coop option (that only Unity has) , I took the risk (I had to convince Robert too, and I did).*Hint - I knew from the beginning that this game was released in a very bad shape, full of bugs and all, but I thought - hey, almost 2 years passed from launch, things change, and change they did.I was not dissapointed. Not at all. The game run almost flawlessly on my computer, and on Robert's computer too. We did find some minor bugs, not many though, nothing really annoying, no deal breaker here.Truth be told, f you want to buy this game for the single player option, I wouldn't know what to tell you. Frankly, I played very little Unity in single player (just the first missions so I can unlock the coop option).But if you want to try some very fun interesting cooperative gameplay - this is your game (just watch the video I made with Robert on my page).Very, very good coop feeling and experience! For a good couple of hours, we played and laughed and did all sort of gimmicks in free style roaming, and we did some of the missions too!I highly recommend this game for the coop option - absolutely amazing! Great fun to be had wth a friend or two!Enjoy!PS After Unity, I bought Syindicate too, I've played a little, but I'm so sad that Syndicate has no coop, that's really a shame! London would have been great to explore with a friend!PSS I've seen the Assassin's Creed Movie too - amazing, you have to see it!PSSS When you play Unity, do yourself a favor and change the language to French!"
,Recommended,289650,27913379,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zazgor,Still better than Assassin's Creed: Unity......oh.
25418941519516516,Recommended,289650,22093150,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,RescuEss^^,i think its the best assassins creed game ever maed
76561198173628347,Not Recommended,289650,13997053,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Rick,Major frame lag issue cant figure it out dont know what to do my computer is im sure good enough to run but it  wont even run good in lowest graphics settings just bought me and a friend the game for it to not even work properly.
76561197966131078,Not Recommended,289650,14004235,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Foams,"Still stutters every 3 or so seconds, which causes your camera to turn 90 degrees in a random direction and loses imput commands. Makes the game unplayable and frustrating. I tried the community suggested fixes and a few I found on google, but they didnt work.Graphics look good and the story seems interesting for the little bit I was able to play.I do not recommend getting this until it has been fixed.Update:After turning off sli the problem became less frequent and the game was much more playble. Though sometimes it would return which required restarting the game.5/10"
76561198002510688,Recommended,289650,15406859,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,That Guy,"It's a step away  from ""boat simulator-the AC game"" and the way it plays is legit if your computer can handle it. When I first got the game it was poorly optimized and I had it crash a LOT, however they did patch enough that I can say it's a game worth having if you have a computer to play it.Items:At first I didn't like the item system they put in, on first look it would apear that all the good stuff is behind a paywall, however it's not that much in game currency that it's a ""paywall"" after you do the missions for increassing your social clubs and unlock all the social clubs. You will need to do that or farm the ever loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the multiplayer missions, so needless to say do the theatre' missions. DO them. DO IT! DO IT NOW!Story:... it's a thing. It's not super unique, but captivating, reminds me of the start of AC2 for plot but not the same.Gameplay: In my opinion, the most fun to play AC game I've played, smoke bombs are your bread and butter, use them.My finishing thoughts:While this game is solid, it could be better. In my opinion it had gameplay that is a step in the right way for the game series and I know some people like the boats in the 4 and rogue, I do not. If I wanted to play a boat simulator I'd go find a boat simulator, I don't play AC to captain a ship, I play it for the gameplay that built the tittle to begin with.Edit: fixed a T being where it wasn't supposed to be. I'll spare you the long-form speech I rage-wrote about the growing use of boats in AC games for signifcant portions of gameplay, point is it has been a while from the last time I've looked over this review, still hate the boats :\ at least in 5 the character was AT LEAST A PIRATE! That I can over look, but seriously, less boats & more acrobatic killing please? is that really so much to ask for in an AC game? This game seems to show it isn't too much to ask, doesn't it? (o)-(o) I can't stop the rage flow at the boats, it's the water they ride on... a river of rage."
,Recommended,289650,19470001,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,AKWaterman (Medic) GER,Cant stop to play this Game. ;-) Its very good.
,Not Recommended,289650,13527841,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,KingSpy,"DO NOT BUY!Very glitchy, crahses every half an hour, parkour fails, horrible fights, bad storylineWASTE OF MONEY!"
,Not Recommended,289650,13996914,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Spudley,"I fell from a wall about ten feet up and proceeded to watch Anno run into said wall for ten minutes, flailing his arms around like an idiot. I also died while standing alone in a street without being touched by anything or anyone. This game is the buggiest game I've played in a long time, and not a good buggy like Goat Simulator. I haven't been able to play much due to bugs, so I am sorely disappointed."
,Not Recommended,289650,12885763,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,⋨Fluffles⋩,do not buy
76561198077922666,Not Recommended,289650,12989237,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,DeFrostedTurtle,"I am a huge Assassins Creed fan and was not dissapointed with this game. Sure, it takes a pretty good PC to run but it is an amazing game all the same. The open world Paris is stunning graphically and is very rich and alive. The streets are filled with NPCs that act in their own unique ways which allow for a different experience every time you play. The main character is charasmatic and an all around badass. The character customization is a huge improvment from the previous games and really give you the freedom to make your own assassin. With only a few drawbacks like some bugs and a couple removed features from the previous games, this game is a must buy and loads of fun.EDIT: I 100% change my view on this game. As said above, I am a huge Assassins Creed fan, having played every title before this. The reason i reviewed this game positively was because I wanted to beleive this game was good. Problem is, after coming back to it, its not at all a good game. I have Black Flag for the xbox and it is 150% better than this game. Go buy that over this bug filled pile of garbage.Unity had so much promise. So much ground breaking content which could have easily made this a GOTY. Ubisoft really messed up however, by putting features in the game which require you to spend  REAL LIFE MONEY. And with all the companion app ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and stupid website nonsense, it just seemed like Ubisoft was trying to rob you. The optimization for this game is really where Ubi just dissapointed everyone. Steady framerate, at any graphical setting, is none existent and with constant mesh problems it just makes the amazing open-world Paris look like trash.Trust me, as well as a lot of other people, when i say do not buy this game. Ubisoft♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed. If your looking to get an AC game, get Black Flag. And if you dont mind games that are a few years older, AC Brotherhood and AC2 are well worth the money."
,Not Recommended,289650,14075065,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Litoo Blek Sebno,"Assassin's Creed: Unity. Named after the engine it was made in. -- A good friend of mineI've played over 30 hours of this game, and I have to say it's been a tough 30 hours that I could've spent playing something else. I basically payed 60 bucks for a group of very nice screenshots. I'll be straight, this game is horrible. The things you hear about Ubisoft and AC: Unity are very very true. I've played a little bit of this game on PS4, and I have to say ANY console can run this better. Aside from the atrocious gameplay and lag, this game can be fun.Looking past the lag, the game is gorgeous. Ubisoft is sort of fixing bugs, but not the one that's keeping me from completing the game.The world (Paris) is massive-- roughly 3 times AC: 4 (Black Flag)'s landmass, which is why I think the lag gets so bad. (Duh)The AI is very nicely done, despite some AI's doing weird things. Just today I watched a one legged beggar make a sprint for a butcher's stand, vault over a dead pig, and promptly get killed-- Yes, I felt pity, but I also was a little shocked at his athleticism.Visiting famous landmarks and meeting famous dead people is really, really fun. AC has always been very historically acurate, and Unity is no exception. The voice acting is excellent, which makes for a very immersive experience. However, that high ends as you exit the laggy cinematic and head into an even more laggy world. Honestly, every good thing about AC: Unity is partly a bad thing.All in all, I suggest you cross Assassin's Creed Unity off your list for potential purchases.(One more thing-- I have a pretty good PC. Don't think getting yourself something better helps the lag. You'll still have to deal with bugs.)"
76561198129462695,Recommended,289650,12973796,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ＭaＬＥ ＦaＮＴＡＳＹ,"Day 100000000 of trying to load the game with specs over the recommended.Oh god...how long has it been?                   EDIT: YEEEEEEES BUY IT NAAAOOOOOOOOOOW  they fixed up all the GAME BRAKING bugs :D there are still a few in their but they have no affect, just give you a laugh :3   BUY IT NEEEAAAAOOOOW"
76561198095082485,Not Recommended,289650,14029895,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,James350,This game is soo bad. I got to the 3rd mission without meny glitches then i couldn't even finish it
,Not Recommended,289650,13154536,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,CBM86,Do not buy this game. Horrible bugs and glitches. Pushed out just to get money and no time in getting in ready before launch.
,Recommended,289650,29195528,Posted: 11 January,all,B|ue,Assassins Creed Unity has great graphics and story. Where the game lets you down is its optimization. My gtx 1070 struggles to keep 60fps with fxaa and low shadows at 1080p. If you have a powerful pc I recomend this game.
76561198072993523,Recommended,289650,19452255,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Blood Echoes,"After 15.4 hours past I still exploring the city. There's many things you can do in this game and both multiplayer and single player are very fun. I know at first this game has  many glitches ,but now it's smooth and beautiful. I'm not quite a fan of this game but this game is really addicted and fun. I think I will even play more and more. 10/10"
,Recommended,289650,18111138,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,pennywise,"I will not want this game unless my pc spec is good, this game need a high system requirement, if you don't, don't you ever think about it! After I'd played several times of this games, due to several bugs, it cant sync with icloud, I've to start all over again from the beginning of the game, this incident which is not happen only just to me, but I've seeen others facing  the same issue as well. However, this game is  fascinating and totally awesome without these problems, I would recommend this game if you have a PS3 or PS4."
,Recommended,289650,16993991,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,f.,"Great game if you enjoy slideshows. Big fan of the AC series, wish it was more playable."
76561198115721839,Recommended,289650,17327153,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Savitar,"i happen to love this game from: all different kinds of weapons including spears to the buggy multiplayer.  i am able to play this at the highest settings with: a 5ghz 8-core processor, 2 gtx 980, and 32 gb of Ram. it is a beautiful game."
,Not Recommended,289650,17325828,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Arkan,"This game was definetly not one of my favorites from the series. I find it difficult to see how Arno fits in with the Assassins at all. He doesn't care about the assasin's main purpose. He's using his abilities for a personal matter. I didnt really like the story, but what I dont like the most is the map. It gets repatative. I feel as if the developers copied and pasted the same part several times but slightly tweaked it in each district. Only a few districts stood out. The missions were repetative too. I blew through the main assassination missions because all I had to do was use my phantom blade or gun to shoot the target, then run in with a smoke bomb and finish him the target off. I only bought this game so I could run around as an assassin with my freinds, but if you want to play this game alone I don't think its worth it."
,Recommended,289650,17569970,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Blackbird,"Has a very very high requirements even for low settings, but aside from that it's solid AC game with a nice huge detailed Paris and more Templar conspiracies."
76561198016505455,Not Recommended,289650,14038387,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Solo,"Well I have been a HUGE fan of all the assassin's creed games, I own them all and have played them all for many hours, beating them from head to toe, (100%) sync. and then some. In other words I am or rather was a fanactic. As many have said it's not the game but the poor bussiness choices made that have ruined this game. But it's not just that. 1st off you need a high end graphics card to really enjoy the game at max settings. My 970gtx runs great and the game looks beautiful but I understand not everyone can afford a 400$ card. I have had countless issues with the game, freezing , the game simply not making it past the title screen and even graphical errors. Instead of fixing these issues they blame your gear and put out a dlc to side track us from the fact that the original game is riddled with problems. I really want to like this game but between UPlay and Ubisoft I don't think that will happen."
76561198027034680,Recommended,289650,23893269,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,lolwatsup,Love this game! Great Graphic and many mission. Moreover no bugs at all.
,Recommended,289650,20242422,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,C-H.P,"Assassin's Creed UnityI gotta say I really love this game. This is on my top 3 AC games. I love the gameplay. The co-op, I pretty much everything comes out perfect. There is just one part that I strongly dislike. The story. Ofcourse it's assassin's creed and you have to assasinate people and that's cool and so on but the need of Elise Arno has just makes him a weak character, ofcourse not every Assassin can be perfect but I still dislike the fact(Minior Spoiler)that the creeds biggest target isn't worth♥♥♥♥♥♥because he thinks that fighting beside some girl he is inlove with is more important than assasinate the creed of Paris biggest target.But this also creates an different atmosphere for ACUs maincharacter Arno, but personally I think that everthing in the story is for a girl he loves is just stupid.The rest I strongly like, having great fun with my buds in this game.8/10.-CHP"
,Recommended,289650,32745067,Posted: 24 June,all,Vulture Culture,"Assassin's Creed Unity, despite the various bugs and glitches, is a superbly executed stepping off point for the Assassin's Creed series. The entire thing seems like one great experiment, and it really works well, reinventing a lot of things from previous games to make them better. When replaying older games, I find myself wishing for the fluid parkour and climbing that this game provides, and I cannot wait to see how this technology evolves and gets perfected throughout the rest of the series."
76561198098241146,Recommended,289650,15243081,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,nitrox_4,Great game love it!! It is well done and doesn't have very  many bugs (anymore) but there is one major down side to it and that is that you need a really desent computer to run it.  I mean the reccomended system requirements are an i7 and a GTX 780 or AMD R9 290X!!  I have a GTX 660 and I have to run it on pretty low setting to barely get 30-35FPS.
,Recommended,289650,28584843,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Hacivat,"The reason I bought the game was to experince how they reflected the ambience of the late 18th century Paris. It wass much better than I expected. Eventhough there are not much interactions with NPCs, you can't deny the fact that the city is almost alive.Pros:- The city is amazing. Landmarks look really gorgeous.- Running, jumping animations are not that fluid but once you get use to the controls, you can enjoy the free run.- Textures and modelling are quite well-made. Cutscenes absorb you more and more into the story.Cons:- Repetitive side-missions, it gets quite boring after a while.- Less side-mission and longer main story could have been much better.- Optimization is okay but not as good as Syndicate.Nevertheless, I recommend the game. I did enjoy it and plan to go for another playthrough."
,Recommended,289650,13099724,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,DEEZ NITZ,LADDY!
,Recommended,289650,32891765,Posted: 27 June,all,*//εRr0r\\*( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"In the final state of the game i can say it's playable there are some bugs but they dont distract you (usually for npc's).FPS is good other than that it's fun new parkour system is good, fighting mechanic could be hard at the start of the gamebut it get easier while you upgrade Arno(main character).For me it is my favourite AC game."
,Recommended,289650,28597970,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,blUEmOoN,"My favorite ac out of all!  I played it after launch and even then the game was great, but after all the patches it got, the game is so much better! Yes the combat is quite buggy at times and quite cringy, but it's a lot better than previous titles.The graphics are stunning and France is gorgeous.The abbility of customizing your assassin is my favorite mechanic of the game, you can select from dozens of different armor pieces for your head, chest, forearm, waist, legs and also change the colors, and it really gives you a sense of accomplishment after finishing the story and even side missions, earning money is now more important and a lot more rewarding and it really makes you want to finish the game to get the legendary armor pieces and weapons, unlike the other ac games where all you could get was different colors for your armor or some better weapons.Overall this game is awesome and you should totally buy it, if it's on sale even better, but full price suits it perfectly well!"
76561198075217319,Recommended,289650,28588492,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kaalaxi,"Aesthetically this game is jawdropping in 4k, one of the best ever.. The gameplay is fresh and challenging but overall is sort of shallow, the game has shortcomings in regards to the series as a whole. The story is nice and interesting, kept me playing for hours on end.Overall I recommend this game, it has amazing graphics, good gameplay and a good story."
,Recommended,289650,28874298,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mr. Poopybutthole,"The best AC game I've ever played, the visuals, the multiplayer, customization and freedom, is just a continuous woaaaahh. The only bad part here is the end, because it ends the story without any sense."
,Recommended,289650,28873015,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zbig,"Graphics are great, the French Revolution setting is amazing and it plays like a normal assassin's creed game.  You can get a variety of weapons like swords, 2 handed axe, spear, rifle, pistol. I haven't tried to play any of the multiplayer stuff.This must have had a really bad launch but its a good game now."
,Recommended,289650,33167605,Posted: 2 July,all,Sri,"I can't find any fault with the gameplay which always remains the same, but unity did not fulfill my expectation for something new and unique like Black flag which has pirate battle and Ezio franchise which has building your own brother hood and exploring unique places. so fare i have completed the main story line in unity and lost interest to play there after because the isn't any other interesting side quest to keep me motivated to play this game.i am just loosing more interest with AC franchise after desmon dies. because the is no link to the following sequels there after, but i still would recommend this game."
,Recommended,289650,27064267,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Colonel_47,"Can't even launch the game because apparently ubisoft games can only play on drive C and I have no space on that drive or the means to clear it. Ubisoft and Uplay need to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥togetherEdit new review: this game is actually very fun, once I complete the main story I will write a review on why I changed my mind on this"
,Recommended,289650,13078951,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Yeah Boiii boy,"Even though the game is a bit glitchy (which Ubisoft is already patching), I really enjoy playing the game.The graphics are stunning an I think the story isn't bad either.Jk, this game sucks balls."
,Not Recommended,289650,20139367,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Pterodactyl Butt,Worst Assassin's Creed game?
76561198111168588,Recommended,289650,14952348,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Nocturne,"They are working on the patches but still this really stinks. This is unacceptable they expect me to pay $60 of my hard earned cash on this! This game could have been great but they released it while it still was in beta. Ubisoft keep your games in development longer! We can wait! If any of you want this game, wait some time because it definitely needs more patches even after the 5 that it has already had. You need a GTX 980 to run the cutscenes at 30 fps some times lower. This is ridiculous! While I know this is still a very graphic intensive game Ubisoft really needs to finish their games. We had it with Watchdogs now don't make another game like this! Although this game is pretty fun in some ways despite its numerous performance issues. The game is pretty beautiful and takes a lot out of high end PCs. The consoles even had to downscale to 900p and set the graphics to medium. So if you want this game either wait till the patches are finished or just wait for the next installment in the series. I hope they use the same engine and improve on it. This will allow less bugs to occur with their aditional experience."
,Recommended,289650,33611038,Posted: 17 July,all,Mei,it's not terrible (anymore)
,Recommended,289650,27500356,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Susie Seven Blinks,"Once you get past the clunky and horrid launch and all the controversy surrounding its past, there's a really good game underneath all of it. The combat is nice and challenging, the stealth is improved from previous games, and the whole world really feels alive. Definitely pick this up on sale if you like Assassins Creed."
76561198071696638,Recommended,289650,28817596,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Bismarck,"Fun game took about 16-18 hours to beat the story, rest of the time was spent messing around in the open world. I give it 8 Napoleons out of 10 French Revolutions"
,Recommended,289650,21538386,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Phex,"Well the bugs are fixed. That should be said first off. But where does that leave the game?Combat? It's much improved. Even better than in Black Flag. You can choose between one handed, heavy and long weapons. You get various ranged weapons and various tools (for example a silent knife launcher or poison gas). The combat in Unity is challenging, but rewarding. For the most part - agile guards are absurdly so, being able to block all normal attacks and dodge bullets at point blank range.World Exploration? Mixed. You get to find various chests and secret riddles. The problem is the system which the game employs to open chests. It's a minigame where the cursor speeds from top to bottom and you need to press a key at the right moment. I've played a lot of games, but this is easily the worst lockpicking system i;ve ever seen. Over time you get better at it (hopefully) and you can get gear to increase the ammount of lockpicks you can carry but the system is very stupid and very frustrating. As an added stupidity, chests are divided into three tiers. Each tier requires a skill and each of these is only unlocked as you progress into the game. The third is only unlocked about 3/4ths into the game, meaning that you can only freely explore the game world then.Characters. Again mixed. The main duo; Arno and his love interest, Elise are reasonably well written and fun to watch. But the others... Well there's not many others. We get a few main npcs but these appear fairly rare and although they're not hopelessly shallow, they still lack something - chances are you'll remember them. And you won't be missing much.Although Napoleon is awesome.Main story. Weak. Not bad, mind you. But definitely weak. After Black Flag i was expecting more from AC. The sequences themselves are very much uneqal. Some are thrilling and fun to play, but others (and this is a lot of them) are just boring. It also has to be said that the events of the plot are predictable almost to the point of it being absurd. You'll probably see a lot of them coming from a mile away. Especially the ending, whch is really quite stupid.Side missions and activities. Varied again. To give the game credit, a lot of the side stories are interesting although not challening (until the end where the challenge is created by stacking thirty guards in one place). But the other things you do in the game are bland. You no longer have assasinations. What you have is sad remnants of a now defunct game companion app (no longer needed) You do however get murder mysteries, where you find a body and try to find the killer.So to sum up. What's good and what's bad about this game?The Good:-Arno and Elise are charming-the game has improved graphics and improved combat mechanics-Unity offers far more gametime than any previous AC game (i got 100h out of it, not couning the free dead kings dlc)-the new co-op systemThe Bad-No Revolution - despite what the trailers claim you don't actually get to interact with the events of the revolution. It all just happens off-stage. The quests have next to nothing to do with the revolution.-The game still has visible scars from the companion app and some other now-defunc things.-The story is weak.-The world feels empty and its exploration is arbitrarily halted by the lockpicking-The world also failed (at least for me) to make me feel the setting and the time period in the same way as the previous AC games have-the lockpicking - very stupid, very annoying - on par with a bad flash game, not a fourty euro mainstream gameSo who is this game for? It's hard to say. If you want a casual AC with better combat, then you may well like it. If you're an Assassins Creed fan, then you'll like the game too - an okay part of the series, if not anything special.BUT, if you want a good plot, then you might want to pick up Black Flag or Rogue.AND if you want a game about the French Revolution (maybe after listening to Les Miserables) then this is definitelly not it."
,Recommended,289650,12891994,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Hornet,"Got to finally play it, and I can say it's definitely worth it in a sense seeing as its story is great and just a fun game overall."
,Recommended,289650,21552036,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,avishaib,"Many people talk about the bad release, not many come back to talk about the overall great experience that the game provides today.If you were looking for a new kind of Assassin's Creed game, your in luck! Unity gives you the same feeling you got when you first played Ezio in Assassin's Creed 2. The city of Paris is massive and there are interesting stories down every dark alley.When it comes to performance, make sure you have a strong PC, you can't really enjoy the game at a low frame rate.Last words: wait for a good sale to buy it..."
76561198018619095,Recommended,289650,24047766,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Putin Is Coming,This game is good but not as good as the other games in the franchise. But you really need to buy this if you love the Assassin's Creed franchise!!
,Recommended,289650,27722040,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,`Hannibal.Lecter,"2 years back this game was a mess, now most of the problems are fixed. The game looks and plays beautiful. The combat is great and visuals are amazing. There are so many side quests to do this is big open world.What the game lacks is a great story.  The game does have a good story, but the characters are not memorable and intresting."
76561198047555343,Recommended,289650,28777052,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,KingWik,Game runs great now! I haven't noticed any game breaking bugs thus far. Nab it while it is still on sale!
76561197972384742,Recommended,289650,29059180,Posted: 6 January,all,victor423,"I would like to buy a drink for everyone in the art department.I would also like to line up the department that dealt with the controls and kick each one of them in the b***s!Seriously, this game is beautiful and not other game has EVER created such a convincing city environment. Just walking through the squalor and spleandour of Paris, watching people go about their business is a real delight.But then you have Arno.  Honestly, trying to get him to do anything you want is just sheer frustration.  Especially when you have to move quickly otherwise you will be spotted by guards.I'm playing this using an Xbox controller.I've played most of the other Assassin's Creed games and haven't really had a problem but this game really makes me angry at times.  It's really such a shame as I want to like it.The main quests were interesting but there is a LOT of filler in this game.  Fine if you like that kind of thing but I can only take so much of finding chests, assassinating random people and tackling pickpockets.One other aspect that seemed odd to me.  You can now solve murder crimes and get rewarded for locking up the culprit.  Great idea but lets not lose sight of the fact that I probably killed several hundred people during my time of play.  At one point, I killed maybe 20 guys just to get my watch back! A bit hypocritical to go pointing fingers when someone murders just one person.I'm giving it a thumbs up because it gave me over 30 hours of gameplay which I largely enjoyed but seriously, the controls are problematic."
76561198271347464,Recommended,289650,28988044,Posted: 3 January,all,christopher.viin,"Great game. This episode has taken a good step forward from the previous one. Looks like the creators have brought back the original style from the Assassin's Creed I and II, but added great quality and much more for the player to love about it.The only minus so far has been the sound. It doesn't work quite well sometimes. But when it does, the game is great."
76561198048222585,Not Recommended,289650,15467493,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,xkarmaxnova,"The movement engine for this game is absolutely unbearable. I consider myself a big fan of the Assassin's Creed Franchise but couldn't play past the third mission after how clunky the game felt. I will be open minded to trying future titles, as Black Flag was a breath of fresh air, but in the mean time, don't waste your time or money."
76561198035676731,Recommended,289650,19633186,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Jinofski,"probably one of the best assassins creed games to date. the bugs have all been fixed, and the game runs pretty smooth. the map is pretty small, but it is heavily saturated with a surprising variety of activities and missions. its now worth buying..."
76561197984814577,Recommended,289650,20013437,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,crazedaku,"Running on Amd 8320, Gtx 970, 16GB of ram.  The game has bugs, but none i encountered were game breakings.  The npc would sometimes be floating and did some weird stuff during cut scenes.  The combat was hit and miss and felt sluggish, as if there was a delay between when I pressed the button and when the game responded to my button press.The game looks georgeous and the number of people on screen at any given time is incredible.The story is bit on the boring side with a fairly simple revenge plot.  It would have been nice to see the characters from Assassin's creed rogue make an appearence.The gameplay is fairly typical of an assassins creed game.  I really appreciated some of the added mechanics for traversal such as holding a to climb and holding b to indicate that i wanted to drop. Entering windows was sometimes a difficult task with my character jumping everywhere but in to the open window(The game indicates that you can press LT to enter a window, which only occassionaly behaved as i expected to).  The combat in this game is brutal, you cannot engage a large number of enemies and live through the encounter most of the time.  This is actually a welcome change which forces you to sneak around a bit more and make more well thought out decisions which brings me to another change, the game has finally added a sneak button(llow profile).  That was really a long time coming.  If you do get into a bad situation, a smoke bomb is uaully all you will need to recover.One huge addition to the game is the abllity to buy individual armor pieces; head, chest, arms, legs, and belt.  I really liked this addition since it allowed me to customize my assassin to my liking. I don't like the default assassins outfit in this game, but there are several choices that i did like.The game did feel a bit tedious at times, requiring me to run around for extended periods of time and repeat sections that a failed.  Buying the best armor will take a long time because of how long it takes to aquire money. There is a lot to do, but i wasn't really interested in a lot of it like the murder mysteries and tracking down the weird symbols hidden around the city.Lastly, the multiplayer is kind of a neat addition but difficult to get into since there are so few people playing at this time.Overall, This feels like a natural evolution for assassins creed and I recommend it to fans and probably new comers as well."
76561197981633113,Recommended,289650,20095780,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Emmanuel de Grouchy,"Really enjoyed this game and its very impressive in scope. There is so much to see and do but it can get pretty daunting. I wish they hadn't focused so much on quantity, the list of side missions and collectibles end up looking like clutter on the map [ that thing deserves a review in itself, it represents the endless addition of features added to Assassin's creed drawing away from the focus on improving the chore mechanics/ story , in that its difficuly to recognise your own character key from all the clutter , side quests, relics, co cop missions, main quests, assassin's guild, chests( every chest in the dam game so literally hundreds, viewpoints, tunnel entrances .... ] It's somewhat hilarious and at times feels like a call for help from the entrapped ubisoft staff, being forced to add content and given no creative freedom make something great.Doing my best to ignore the endless side clutter the main story line never did anything I didn't expect. Come on this is revolutionery France and again they give us tired old story of a murdered father spurring revenge ! Put me on one of the sides, maintaining the monarchy or have be as part of a revolutionery group.  Put the whole templar / assassin thing in the background if you wan't one on either of the two sides, anyway a complete missed opportunity that would have made the stunning demonstrations significant to my character rather than a backdrop.This last point brings me to what I liked most about the game. The city of paris, recreated prior the creation of the modern boulevards, is the best environement I have ever experienced in an open world game. The combination of old medieval Paris with the narrow streets combined with the beatifully recreated monuments like notre dame or sainte chapelle make this worth the asking price alone for me. The crowds of demonstators are also really impressive, there are often hundreds/ perhaps thousands of characters rendered on the screen at any one time taking part in public executions, book burning or just general protest. Although interaction is limited the level of detail of the environment, the archictecture and the people make it feel like you really are walking the streets of revolutionery France. Also the missions are great, they are multistage and really promote stealth and movement, all the traditional features of assassins creed. However the weakpoint is combat, which is very basic, block or mash the attack key is the basis of it. Despite some failures to address long standing issues like combat, thankfully movement is much improved and is almost perfect at this stage, the game is a fantastic experience.Lastly I want to address the games performance and bugs which is the reason for the majority of negative reviews. By the time I started playing the game has seen many patches, I came across one glich ( a floating NPC ) in my 11 hours of play. I also ran this on a gtx 660 which maintainted stapble frames ( above 30 ) on high.Hope this review helps, If you are not entirely convinced I'd recommend waiting for a sale, but If you have time to do everything this game has to offer the full asking price is pretty good."
,Recommended,289650,20358621,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ydnam,"I'd recommend this game, but only when it's on sale. Playing it was fun, but it wasn't worth the money that I paid for it. Paris is beyond stunning, and I really enjoyed walking around Paris. The missions where you had to assassinate someone and you could pick your own approach were quite enjoyable.However, the storyline was very bland and the characters weren't very interesting to me. Ubisoft boasted about having Napoleon Bonaparte in this game, but you only speak with him a couple of times and the missions that accompany this just aren't special in any way. I also expected a lot more of the relationship between Arno and Elise, and the overall ending really bothered me. I mean, I spend all of these hours, and what I got in reward was the one of the most obvious and simplistic endings the Assassin's Creed franchise has ever seen.Besides not really feeling the characters, another thing that really bothered me and made the game less immersive was the AI. The guards in Paris are the dumbest AI of the entire franchise. Whenever they are after you, just climb on a rooftop, stay out of their sight and stand still. Just one second after you've done this they'll stand still and wonder where you've gone. Come on Ubisoft, even Assassin's Creed (yes, the first game) could find you on a rooftop!"
,Recommended,289650,21605731,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Viroraptor,"The framerate is not high(unless your rig is very powerful) but the game is pretty fun.Edit: Now that my graphics card is upgraded, the game runs flawless. Playing with friend was pretty neat! Especially when we role-play like true assassins.-10/10 Would kill more Templars"
76561198129020385,Recommended,289650,27832260,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Prawn,不知道从什么时候开始 瞎杰宝黑育碧成了一种政治正确的选择，而顺带着一定要黑一下所谓的刺客信条 大bug大卡顿，最初的大革命确实如此无可厚非，但现在还提的不是3大妈通关可能就是优酷通关吧 手动滑稽言归正传 经过育碧优化后的如今的大革命绝对在现在都算是一款佳作，防反的取消使得刺客玩法更加的重要（当然是拿到鹰剑前），而美轮美奂的巴黎风景和简化后更细腻的跑酷让我沉浸在亚诺的巴黎之旅中，我认为这部大革命就可玩性来说是很出色的。缺点当然也很明显   剧情的薄弱和一些必须看小说才能懂的转折点让人有时摸不着头脑，而对大叔形象的建立也不是特别到位而前期装备的匮乏导致需要不停搬砖赚钱也是让人哭笑不得（开锁三级箱子赚钱超快）不过总的来说 大革命绝对值得As爱好者们一玩
76561198154265546,Recommended,289650,13016195,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Firmamento(c'est la vie),"Ok,So one year after I bought this game, I am back here to change my review. I have to say, after over 4GB updates, ACU finally turns to a masterpiece.+ Good plot+ Bunches of outfits and weapons+ Nice French accentAlso with some shortcomings:- Elise died- Maison too large"
,Recommended,289650,33637263,Posted: 18 July,all,Corbalux,"Title: Assassin's Creed UnityGame Type: Open world, parkour, rpg, action, adventure, co-opGame Scores:(Rating Out of 10)Graphics: 9Music:7.5Cinematics:6Story:5.5Pvp:0Content:6Controls:7Replay Value:8GameScore Overall:7.5/10Good Things to Note: So many weapons to choose from, each with its own class style. Challanging Ai the way it should be, makes you think twice before getting in a fight.Bad Things to Note: Story lacks and feels forced, and if your pc is not up to spec lag can be a problem at max graphics causing some mission's that require timing impossible to beat.My advice Get it, not for the story but for the Ai and weapons galore."
,Not Recommended,289650,35360645,Posted: 30 September,all,Messax,"You need to unlock the ability to sit on a bench. Apparently this isn't obvious to a middle aged Frenchman?I only played this for two hours. I'm normally a big fan of the AC games - I started playing them when the first one was announced back in 2007(?). But this game is just.... slow.The beginning of this is way too cinematic. There's more movies and me staring at the screen than me actually playing the game. If I wanted to watch a movie, I'd pop open John Oliver.Many of the missions lack options. There's only one way to complete a mission, and the player must follow a very specific path to achieve the mission. If you deviate from it slightly, a guard catches you, overwhelms you, or the mission abruptly restarts. Super annoying.The story is silly. So your childhood crush has a different political interest than you? Boo hoo. Break that tie, watch a sad romantic comedy (I heard Les Miserables was popular around that time), and hop on Tindr. Or Grindr, seeing as how the protagonist spends so much time with long pointy things.The game play is really lackluster. The combat is really slow and unexciting. It feels like I'm cutting through molasses. This game really ought to have faster combat mechanisms. Shadow of Mordor has a great combat system - this pales in comparison. When multiple enemies attack you, they huddle in a big ol' circle and only one unit actually attacks you at a time. Real boring. In a real fight, you get your♥♥♥♥♥wooped by multiple people simultaneously."
76561198052817789,Recommended,289650,35356478,Posted: 30 September,all,Gibbi03,"I've put quite a few hours into this game and I love it. I played syndicate before I purchased this game and as a result was quite skeptical of it, but since it was on sale I gave it a shot.Pros:-new combat system requires effort and skill-vast customization-tons and tons of gameplay-dope graffics-awesome story line (way better than syndicate)-online is more chill than i expectedCons:-no combo combat system like in syndicate-occational npc popping-stealth mode nothing like syndicate-english accents even though its a French game.-initiates server is downDefinitely buy this game if it goes on sale. You won't regret your purchase."
,Recommended,289650,35384641,Posted: 1 October,all,The Magic School Bus,"Never played it when it intially released but I'm glad that I bought in its current (mostly fixed) state!I thought I was going to hate this game, both as an Assassin's Creed and a game in general but after getting a bit disappointed in Black Flag (Still like it btw) for being more a (Insert Pirate game here) instead of Assassin's Creed, I enjoyed this title for what it was.It has some of the best and challenging combat in the series and does not just rely on 2 button press per enemy like the newer games in the series. The graphics are wonderfully bright and makes France seem super vibrant, the towns are heavily populated giving the world an alive feeling. The parkour like most of the games in the series is always a bit off and sometimes you get climb things you don't want to. The new stealth aspects are real refreshing to see and I thoroughly enjoyed the stealth sections. I really don't understand why this game gets as much hate as it does other than for glitches.Don't know if anyone really played co-op but I have no experience in it.Side note: Played most of this game on console but bought it again for those sweet maxed out graphicsAlso Personally never had a problem with Uplay8/10"
76561197970551745,Not Recommended,289650,12917309,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,tbombadil,"If UbiSoft is guilty of anything it is their timing because they dared release AC Unity a couple of years ahead of its time without including options to make the game playable on the average PC. If you are lucky enough to have/beg or borrow the hardware necessary to play such a demanding game with everything ON, the graphics arenothing short of a ""tour de force"" achievement that will be remembered as redefining computer gaming realism..   (God I hope that formatting renders...)When the first Toy Story movie came out a decade or so ago, pundits said (maybe tongue in cheek) that ""One day, PC/Console/Virtual Reality games will have the processing power to generate graphics like that in REAL TIME!!""  After playing AC Unity on an admittedly high-end Intel i5, 16 GB RAM, SSD game drive and Nvidia 980 GTX last night I realized I had just witnessed the_Toy_Story_moment. For the first time in history, real time PC gaming graphics finally match the mythical ""Toy Story Movie"" bar.To be clear, AC Unity does not look remotely like Toy Story. What AC Unity has accomplished though is to create a game with graphics that appear more amazingly real than the Toy Story movie graphics appeared amazingly realistic.  This istruly a watershed moment in PC Gamingand even though there exist more ""I don't care how bad your ebola is, THE GAME SHIPS TOMORROW"" glitches to do Skyrim proud, the gamewillbe patched, it is already breathtaking just to watch, and oh yeah, it's a mighty damn fun game.I would caution  attempting to play this game at resolutions greater than 1920 X 1200 unless you are running a great deal more GPU. (Perhaps dual Titans, I've no idea).If you've got the hardware, ACU is just plain Awesome awesome awesome, glitches and all. Mortage the house, the car, the kids (well maybe not the kids) because THIS IS HISTORY IN THE MAKING FOLKS!!!!"
76561198015565939,Not Recommended,289650,12921987,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,t1ione,The game suffers from a stuttering issue if I have both cards enabled in SLi. Every other second the game will freeze/hang for about a second.
76561198080343387,Recommended,289650,35472642,Posted: 4 October,all,Gwynbleidd,"I bought the game some time after it's release so I didn't catch even a single bug through the entire play-through.  For me, the game was actually great, the second best title in the series in my opinion.  AC Unity is seriously underrated so don't mind much how people reacted immediately after the release.  I would say that it is definitely a much, much better game than Syndicate."
,Recommended,289650,14928291,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Sanctum,"If you are an AC fan, you will love and hate this game.First thing to consider is - What performance specs does your computer have? Second, have you been keeping up on your computer's maintenance?This game requires a lot of performance from your computer. If you are not keeping up on the maintenance and have too many background processes running, you will run into drops in FPS and stickiness. You might even encounter issues with online connectivity. You have to be very careful to adjust your computer's settings to aid in a resolution in this issue.(Keep in mind, Ubisoft is not a part of Steam. In their forums they give you a list of troubleshoot steps to follow to correct any online connection issues. Being they have nothing to do with Steam, follow their walkthrough verbatim. However, do not disable Steam or any Steam services.)My Machine runs an AMD FX 9590. 24GB DDR3 Xfactor Self cooling RAM. A single GTX 970X GPU. Middle end Asus system board. ACX Cylinder Cooling. My computer runs this game without issues - in terms of FPS and standard performance. My computer is well over their System Requirements. Because my HDD is slowing and only a SATA2 3.5Gbs, the load screens take a little while to load. Which will be corrected when I load my SSD.My son's computer is running an AMD A10 33xx(something). 8GB DDR3 standard RAM. An AMD Sapphire R9 270x. Stock MSI Jasmine System Board. Dual fan cooling (ACX in GPU). 6Gbs HDD. His computer will sometimes drop FPS or appear to slow down. He plays with low/medium graphics quality. His computer falls within range on their Minimum System Requirements. However, his load screens are quicker loading then mine. Though, we have tested his HDD to mine, and his is much faster.I am a Computer Technician by trade. My son is learning. Both of our systems remain optimized and tuned up on a regular basis. I cannot stress this enough. Tuning up your computer and maintaining your background processes is essential to any game. Especially those that push your hardware to its limits.Enough about systems. On to the game.Ubisoft has a history of seemingly not knowing what is going on with their multiplayer engine. Either they will not admit to shutting it down or limiting it. They cannot find and fix an issue(s) with it. Or whatever the speculation is. The fact is that their multiplayer engine with the AC franchise... sucks. And it gets worst with each release (Unity was developed and released, Black Flag started having more and more issues. Black Flag was released and their previous releases became worst, repeat). If you carefully follow their support guide, you should be back in business. But DO NOT DISABLE STEAM!This game, as all games, has some minor bugs, glitches. I have yet to experience any crashing. The bugs are minor. For example, in a Co-Op mission, the target to follow just stood there. All objectives were complete. Never ended the mission. If everyone was to die and de-synchronize, it would fix itself. However, simultaneous de-synchronization is not easy when you are playing with strangers. Better to exit the mission and try again.The glitches are standard with AC. You are climbing up and you think this path is A the direction you are moving to, and B the direction that is best suitable. The game mechanics disagree. You might just find yourself jumping to the wrong ledge.... Like in all AC games, correct it as you go.Or, again like in all AC games, you jump and land, stumble and catch yourself. The game thinks you fell off the edge. You might jump around a little.Sometimes when you kill an NPC, their bodies appear to have a seizure. How many games have we seen this happen in?Outside the standard bugs and glitches. The game itself.... I miss being able to pick up an enemy’s weapon and use it in a fight. I miss being able to pick up the body and hide it. They took a lot of things out of this game. In some ways, the mechanics of Black Flag were better. In other ways, Black Flag made the game too easy. Hide in a bush and whistle... Can't do that in Unity.The AI has been adapted as well. When you drop a guard off the roof top, citizens would cry out. Guards would investigate. This was all standard with ALL the AC games. Well, not so much anymore. They will investigate, but are not as vigilant.Multiplayer. Has awesome as it is. I was disappointed. I thought it was Co-Op through and through. My son corrected me. Apparently, I did not read all the way through. There are Co-Op missions and you can explore. You cannot do the single player missions when connected with a friend online. This does disappoint me. Fable allowed you to. Borderlands allowed you to. I wish ACUnity would allow it.Past all the bad. There are tons of new things in this game that makes it unique. Makes it enjoyable for any AC fan! If you can get past all of this, it is of my opinion you would enjoy this game. Thus, I recommend it.As for the other reviews:Chests Require Companion App: They moved the mini games out of the game and placed them on an APP. This way you can play the mini games even when you are not at home and gain the rewards. They went modern.4 Types of Currencies: They took out the mini missions and added them on apps and web browsers. You earn game money, level points in form of currency, style points in form of currency, and hack points. Which means you can spend real world money to get in-game currency. The latter is optional.Micro transactions: You have to keep purchasing consumables or loot them from bodies, or steal them. You also have to purchase any weapons and armor. Multiplayer boosts. Skills. You also have to upgrade these items. Again, you can pay RWC if you are lazy or impatient, but it is not a requirement - outside DLC.Gear has stats. They help boost your abilities or give you an edge. However, outfits (costumes) do not give stats. If you want to look like the guy in Black Flag, you will have no stat boost that I noticed. However, if you want to be unique, you will have stat boosts.Bugs, glitches. I covered that already. Nothing out of the ordinary on my computer or my son's. Drops in FPS, again nothing here. Though, there is some lag when online. This will depend on your cables, modem, router, WiFi or LAN, and of course, the bandwidth.This is as much information as I can offer without rambling (too much). Take this, along with the other reviews and make your choice. I say wait for a good sale and pull the trigger. But make sure you have the hardware first."
76561198069469951,Not Recommended,289650,15083299,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Chicken_Salad,"60 beans for .2 hours of gameplay.  A sucker is born every minute.I'm sure it's a good game for ppl who can run it, but the ppl here saying the game has tech problemsand it's not their computeraren't lying.  This thing is a real piece of junk."
76561198049222208,Not Recommended,289650,14021814,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Laszlok,"This is a good game, shrouded in a million layers of blah.Performance issues, bugs, microtransactions, you've heard it all, But the thing that really gets to me is how INFURIATING the controls are for PC. Clearly designed with only consoles in mind, it unalterably binds half a dozen very different actions to a single key, and the contexts for what does what when are too vague to ever be certain what each keystroak will do. Simly moving around is awkward and imprecise. Throw in the frame rate drops, and Arno behaves like a marionette in a windstorm.Every time you're forced to think about the mechanics of a game is a failure, and the only times I stop thinking about the mechanics of this game are during cutscenes.It wouldn't be so bad if i didn't want to like this game so much."
,Recommended,289650,24194966,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Vionic,"Assassin's Creed Unity was easily one of the most ambitious entries in the series. The Co-Op missions and Singleplayer missions all across France were very plentiful. In my +20 hours of playing I never felt like there was nothing to do. I pushed through the story mode of course, as this was one of the few games in the franchise that I haven't previously finished.The performance was surprisingly OK.Upon the game's release it was recieved very poorly due to it's bugginess and low performance rate. Ubisoft came out with a HUGE patch later that fixed most of the bugs but it was ultimately still a mess. People that had hardware unable to play the game were met with a horrible experience that rendered the game unplayable and utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥Not to mention the fact that the voice actors were english.Fortunately, I was able to upgrade my PC recently, so here is my experience with the game.If I had to be honest with my experience, past the frustrating experiences of failing stealth attempts and occaisional parkour bug, this game was pretty great. I never experienced a single crash throughout my gameplay. One thing that did irk the experience was how when you are spotted by one enemy, a bunch of enemies around would instantly be alerted even if they were in different rooms. I had a bug where Arno would be stuck in a running animation on a certain type of roof's edge, which was easily fixed by simply not moving. The only multiplayer issues I experienced was a very poor connection (although I believe the player I was with was in Germany and I am in California so that would make sense.) As well as a softlock where the objective hadn't been completed in a mission that we had definitely completed.Other than these 2 or 3 problems the game was pretty good. Arno was a good character though I feel at one point in the game where heretrieves certain items backHis Assassin Robes and gear at the end of sequence 12 or something i dont remember which one specificallyThat part felt like a loophole? That was the only problem I really had with the story. Elise is a good character and the whole plot is pretty solid. I am also a big fan of how all the games tied together, with 4>3>Rogue>Unity.Basically I'm not sure how you would even be able to tell but, if you can run this game and you are already a fan of the AC series, I definitely recommend picking this one up.8/10"
,Recommended,289650,24228174,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,WeasyWeas,"I love this game. There are a few glitches, where the people randomly apper and disapper but I still love it and doing missions with other people is really fun."
,Not Recommended,289650,28198225,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MisterUltimate,"3 years later and Ubisoft still can't get it's♥♥♥♥♥♥together. I only bought this game after 3 years expecting it to work but nope, guess that's too much to ask of Ubisoft. I nevertheless contacted Ubisoft support to no avail. The only things that's right now made up for it is WatchDogs_2. I have since gotten a refund for this product. I highly recommend doing your research and ready to be disappointed if you're planning on buying this game."
,Recommended,289650,21036264,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Howdy,best Assassins's Creed ever
76561198070353563,Recommended,289650,23869528,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GamingAndrew,It's Best Game To Get When You Want To Play With Other People And It Teachs You Stleath And What To Think Of.
76561198142627480,Recommended,289650,22556691,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,MVF64,Great game if you have :dual cpu 64 corequad titan x sli setup
,Recommended,289650,29298634,Posted: 16 January,all,Ali,"This review may sound a bit random because I just write down thoughts I had while playing the game.TL:DR: The worst AC of them all so far BUT it's still a good game.Release Problems:Most bugs were fixed and the game is playable now.The companion app stuff was removed, which is good because I don't want to use my phone while playing a game.Story:The story is not good at all compared to earlier titles. Feels like the writers were a bit lazy but like always they did a good job including historical figures in the game. To understand everything you need to have at least some knowledge of the french revolution.The side stories are really interesting or funny though. Finding the secret lab of Nicolas Flamel, helping Napoleon to find the right woman to marry or meeting the Marquis de Sade (my BDSM friends know why that's interesting ;) ).Controls:I actually like the new free run controls even though Arno likes to randomly jump on flower pots.You now hold E for a decending free run and space bar for a climbing free run. It makes the climbing less complicated.Combat:It's much more challanging than before. I love it. You can't just fight 20 soldiers at once like before. Regardless how good your weapons are, fighting is always a challenge in Unity. Enemies have different skill levels now and don't attack one after another. Also: Every enemy has a gun.Try fighting a group of 5 soldiers while 2 snipers shoot at you from the roofs. I never used so many smoke bombs before.New Stuff:Murder mysteries are fun!Lockpicking gets annoying after the first 10 chests.Nostradamus riddles are interesting.Rift missions are a nice diversion from the usual game play because you get to visit different times eras including occupied Paris during WW2.Minor annoyances:The map is so full of stuff that you can hardly find what you're looking for sometimes.Some popups lay over each other so you have to wait until they vanish to read what you're supposed to do or what some clues say (murder mysteries).I recommend this title for: AC fans obviously and people who thought the older titles were way too easyEDIT: I forgot to actually write down the minor annoyances :P"
76561198018965112,Not Recommended,289650,17281758,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Jaeger,"Just bought a new computer so that I could play games like AC Unity as well as Batman Gotham Knight, and I've found that even on the lowest settings, AC Unity is almost unplayable, the graphics in the cut scenes are jumping about all over the place and the actual gameplay is just as bad! I'd heard this game was broken when it was first released so I thought I'd wait a few months for them to iron out the bugs, but they're still charging top dollar for a broken game!!!"
,Not Recommended,289650,15017879,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,kambiank,"Worst Assassin's Creed game i ever played.- The story is not enjoyable, no twist, and no attachment with the main character.- The voice actor using english accent instead of france (not like AC Ezio series - Italian accent).- The glitch is unbearable.- It poorly optimize,  Patch update is sort of not doing any help.+ first AC game with good stealth mode. there is crouch button. and combat with enemy now is harder than ever.the AI attack is fast and harder to counter. and at large number it will make you cry.+ Lightning and Texture is beautiful.+ you now can start blend with people more further. so you can assassinate your target easier.+ better free runing control. although it still could be better, sometime it wont jump or climb down to where you want and it hard to get in through window fast.."
76561198065356441,Not Recommended,289650,13155629,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,demianvlk,"I like parts of this game - I have played the whole story and most of the side missions. In some ways this is the best AC game yet. The story is awesome, it stays away from the (annoying - to me) first civilization stuff and focuses on the struggle between the Assassins and Templars - with some character driven conflict thown in there. In this way the game ""stays true to the creed"".In most other ways though this game is a complete failure. It is very buggy. There is a game killing QT event (I had to use cheat engine to slow the game to .1 speed). It freezes in random places. I can be in the middle of a crowd fighting 15 enemies, with all kinds of particle effects going on and run at near ultra settings (despite the fact that my pc is officially ""below specs""), but then walk into an enclosed space with nothing moving and no complex geometry and everything comes to a standstill (even if I drop everything to the lowest setting - windowed - with horrible resolution). Then there is the issue that at least half of the equipment/missions are unavailable to me because they fall behind some Uplay setting that does not work for me - no co-op, no multi etc. Then they try to sell you things using microtransactions.Oh well.. so mixed review, but I'm most likely going to get a free copy of Far Cry4 out of the deal so I am happy. Maybe after a few months - when everything is ironed out - I'd recommend getting this game. Until then do yourself a favor and wait."
,Recommended,289650,21379579,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,noahgallant,Not a bad game but could be better. This game is also optimized very poorly!!
76561198110252447,Not Recommended,289650,13674477,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Oh Slothy ツ | hellcase.com,bugs i found is when i am running to the guy that stole the clock thing my legs are stuck to the ground i cant move and secound why does it lag so much like why other games doesnt but why this one what ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198080518399,Not Recommended,289650,13639266,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mr.Unhappy,i hate this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!keep crashing
76561197981155867,Not Recommended,289650,13671216,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Alienare,"Only, on big bug, nothing work...."
76561198042445398,Not Recommended,289650,13765046,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,dk,"The biggest decision you have to make is "" How much do I want to be entertained by the game"" ? For me --- this is really the bottom line.I bought Far Cry 4 and Assissins Creed Unity at the same time --- both run well on my system -- and I started playing both when I bought them. I have completed FC4 twice ---- and I struggle with AC Unity --- simply for entertainment value. I like to smile and laugh at the dialog -- be dazzled by the graphics ---- and enjoy the challenges of gameplay.FC4 is FAR more suited for MY preferences. It's a lot more open --- and filled with interactive surprises. The addition of the 'buzzer' helicopter was priceless.I should mention that I was a history major in college --- and appreciate the 'lessons' of the French Revolution ---- but this is hardly entertaining from a gamers perspective. I don't remember ever laughing or smiling while playing AC Unity ----- and running for 10 minutes through a park trying to tackle some dude just doesn't do it."
76561198067285156,Recommended,289650,27042817,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,|SASC| ✭✭✭ D ✭✭✭,"Unity has a Brotherhood feel to the game, i loved it, also loved the coop missions, i would surely recommend this game to any one else :)"
76561198042897297,Not Recommended,289650,13430892,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,MrSetorm,"I think its bad that Ubisoft released a bugged♥♥♥♥♥game.I have allways liked the AC games and I bought this before release, and now I really wish to get my money back. First the starter screen was broken ""Was only to update the engine"" Then I got HORRIBLE FPS and I even put all the settings to the lowest, didnt think so much about it and started playing. Still horrible FPS, unplayable even. I know its ALOT of other bugs as well, but thats what I got. I thought that it was gonna get fixed after the update, so I waited. The update came, still fcked. So I don't know anymore. ""If anyone know if its only my computer, tell me <3<3""I do NOT recommend this before we know its fixed.xoxo"
76561198032411811,Not Recommended,289650,13449360,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hela,"Good story, solid Assassin's creed game that has terrible optimization, broken online, and far too much online tied garbage. most of the chests are tied to stuff that you cant access without online play, most of the items in the game, including the best stuff are all tied to online play or features which simply do not function, I'm not sure now, and certainly not at launch. The story is worth playing as it brings the core Assassin's creed gameplay back with added difficulty but they removed a ton of items and features in a way that seems really unnessecary. Overall, this is a step far down from AC:IV Black Flag, better than 3 in many way,s but far far below Even Revelations, If you're a hardcore AC fan it's worth picking up, if you're meh on it, don't bother until it goes on sale."
76561198193320773,Recommended,289650,28508663,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,S!MPLE,good game best ac game ever
76561198073471639,Recommended,289650,15900642,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Ripkotsu,Overall after the patches if you have a good running pc the game works fine i can play everything on max settings and have no issues even playinging multplayer and was very fun to play
,Not Recommended,289650,15680262,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,///jakov656,This game is not ready yet. I feels like it's been tested on a super computer by the military and was given options and proformaces that only that computer can do at a steady fps. I can't even play this because after the first cutscene in the game It CRASHES. It always CRASHES there for no reason. Right now I don't recomend the game. It has been months since this was out and Id expect the problmes to be delt with by that time but no. It's like the astethics and art and graphics were all done and the programming and setting were seavirly rushed and extremly poor.
,Not Recommended,289650,29646087,Posted: 2 February,all,s7ahL-VM,"I finished the game with 50% synchonization.LUL not gonna play those Multiplay mission(multiplay is just a deception,I never successfully joined a lobby LUL.)+Elise' cockney accent(but she had never went to London I presume?)+Arno's customizations(The fund in this game is more necessary than ex-AC.In order to own those dope legendary equipments,u have to farm those missions.some interesting,most boring.)-boring scequences(It literally has nothing to do with La Révolution française,it's just a vendetta story)-godamned ♥♥♥♥in combat mechanism-Too many collectibles-After i assassinated several Templar Masters,saved the brotherhood of Paris,im still not an Assassin LUL5/10"
76561197998530793,Recommended,289650,29719861,Posted: 5 February,all,Ghost,"well, after hearing all the horror stories about the bugs in this game, I can report that, although there are still some funny bugs, the game runs very well on a GTX 1070 and nvidia surround. The game setting is very interesting and the story line very well done. The downfall, it felt a bit short compared to other assassins creed games. The side quests are interesting for the most part except the rift missions which are basically some parcour exercise (so not exciting). The side investigation missions are pretty good and really enjoyed the riddles for nostradamus. Now, one thing I do not understand is why they did not integrate the companion into the game like black flag where you would build your fleet and complete side missions. The companion is not very usefull and does not seem to connect properly with the account. I would have enjoyed that better if it was built into the game. Anyway, overall, great game and would recommend it."
,Recommended,289650,28624467,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Meow~,Assassin's Creed UnitySome Say that this game was a total disastersome say that this game is goodwhere do I belong?To both ofc! This game is bothe good and bad and i don't even know why.I'd give this a 8 meh's out of 11 french flags.
76561198068298646,Not Recommended,289650,18592422,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,dovhakinn,"This game is beyond bugged. Uplay decided to release an unfinished game in order to make a fast buck off its fans. This was utterly ridiculous and definitely not worth buying. If this game was given another year of development, it has huge prospects. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198043844176,Not Recommended,289650,18666283,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jthecrazed,"Every aspect of this game is horrible but the freerunning, which is too easy. combat is an unresponsive piece of junk. the stealth is bugged to the point where an entire building will attack you when you fart in the wrong direction. the characters and story are a boring mess, most missions are generic, repetitive and unrewarding. the item and skill system is incomprehensive and worthless. Besides that the developers thought it was a good idea to make everything more expensive encouriging microtransaction in a bloody full priced game. The combat is bad to the point where if you engage 5 or more enemies you will die unless you use 5 medicine wich costs 5 times what you earn by killing 40 more.I do not recommend this game to anyone who isn't intentionally playing broken games or really wants to know everything about AC.A literal copy paste of black flag divided by 2 is a better game than this monstrosity."
,Recommended,289650,32628856,Posted: 21 June,all,Rad The Impaler,8.5
76561198073460670,Not Recommended,289650,14019342,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,I get cucked on the daily,I got 21 hours into the game was having no problems then BAM everytime i start the game it freezes FIX YOUR FREAKIN GAME YOU SCRUBS
,Recommended,289650,15398413,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,suck my dooz,memes
,Not Recommended,289650,33249552,Posted: 4 July,all,Nyaos 1984,"I originally skipped Unity because of the insanely bad press it had on launch, and only recently picked up both it and Syndicate. I played through Syndicate first, never intending to play Unity at all, until a friend and the recent Steam reviews suggested that now that it was mostly fixed, it was worth playing.I guess, maybe? Unity is a bad game, even without all of the graphical issues that many people experienced. For me, I have a 1080Ti and a i7700K, so the game runs perfectly for me. So even with no huge issues affecting me, I found the game to be very subpar.Paris is huge, as London was also in Syndicate. Theres a billion markers on your map everywhere, yup it's an Assassins game. While the city is large and beautiful, and seemingly been accurately rendered for the French Revolution, almost all of it looks the same and you'll have very little idea where you are at any given time. This contrasts with Syndicate where parts of London are beautiful rendered as Victorian aristocracy, some parts are sprawling slums, and others are full of skylines of coal spewing factories. All of Paris is the same, and that's a bummer.The gameplay is... frustrating to say the least. The climbing was perfected in Syndicate, so going back to old AC climbing is annoying. If you've not yet played Syndicate, you won't really notice it being much different other than the new rapid decent parkour system, which is at least very useful.The combat is a nightmare. I started off thinking I was enjoying it, because for the first time enemies won't attack you one at a time, and it was challening to deal with them swarming you. But as the game progresses, enemies get stronger, almost all of them are undamagable without counter hitting them or c atching them in some animation, and you're CONSTANTLY being shot by pistols. And there is no way to deal with it! The game says you can roll to dodge, but the command is sluggish, doesn't always work, and often you either get hit anyways in the roll or you get hit by some other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ swinging his sword. It's so ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating that in these bigger fights I had to just spam smoke grenades and slice up people while they were coughing and blinded. Really bad gameplay regarding the fights, and it's a shame because the actual swordplay looks, sounds, and feels really cool, and there's so many weapons with tons of great animations.The story missions are a disappointment. There's not a lot of variety, and you infiltrate so many palaces that they all look the same. There's only a few unique kills, and the side-objectives in each one SUCK, and are no fun to accomplish. Compare this to Syndicate, where the vast majority of the main story missions were memorable and fun to play through.The side missions are awful. There's almost no context to what you're doing, and they seemingly are usually only 1-3 minutes long. I skipped out on the vast majority, where in older games and Syndicate I did almost all of them.If this game has one strength it's the main story, which does a decent job of pacing itself and creating a plot that is a little more indepth than you come to expect from an AC game, but it's nothing mindblowing. Indeed by the end, the game has riddled itself with several huge plotholes and leaves some gigantic questions shockingly unanswered. Also, the game does a very poor job of explaining who the ♥♥♥♥ each person in the story is, or why Arno has the magical ability to read minds when he shanks them (Apparently nobody in the brotherhood thinks this weird either).I could write more, but I guess overall if you're a huge AC fan this might be worth playing. It's not BAD, but it's such a disappointment compared to the newer Syndicate, and it's really just... bland and unmemorable."
,Recommended,289650,27126754,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RAaAaAaA,i love the end :3great game play :3
,Recommended,289650,27418860,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,walldorlukkas,9/10
76561198076784773,Recommended,289650,18229781,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,GuilaTheFierce,"Honestly, people complain to much. The story is great, there is plenty of custimization, co-op multiplayer, i have seen no glitches at all, and the graphics are nice. I really dont see why everyone complains about it, because so far its amazing."
76561198043295880,Not Recommended,289650,16365385,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,EhDubb,"I wanted to like this game... I really wanted to enjoy it and justify the $30 I spent on it. I really really wanted all the negative reviews to not be my experience.But it's crap. This game is just complete crap.There are plenty of reviews explaining the exact texture of the crap, so go read those. I just hope this whole crappiness isn't going to become a running theme of Ubisoft (looking at you, Watch_Dogs)Edit: okay, time for an update. Since the last review I've upgraded to a GTX 960 4GB and it's now tolerable to play. Not great, but workable. And fun. This is miles above AC3. I haven't been able to touch the multiplayer, so I've no idea how the co-op works, but I'm enjoying the rest. It feels like it's taken several long strides from Black Flag back to AC1, which I'm all for. I liked the combat and mechanics of 1.But the ""Mixed"" user review speaks for itself. You'll either enjoy it or want to tear it's code apart. Ironic how the game that divided the fanbase it called ""Unity.""So even though I'm enjoying it, I still can't recommend. It's trash. I just so happen to enjoy bits of this particular pile of trash."
76561198056941050,Not Recommended,289650,29662985,Posted: 2 February,all,MinaFirmeza2007,Can't play it due to extreme lagging issues; FPS drops below 10.
76561198103274684,Not Recommended,289650,15075601,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,HAWAIIplplpl,♥♥♥♥you this game .i have crash at first time to play
76561198038468876,Recommended,289650,21091701,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,♠ Priest,"I have got to be the only one that actually likes this game, finds the controls to be perfectly fine and really enjoyed the setting. It also gets a lot of hate for performance but honestly those people fail to consider just how complex this game is and put it down to 'bad optimization' man f that, this game looks incredible of course it isn't going to run at 100fps on a 670."
,Recommended,289650,27527349,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bianco,good game
76561198025336391,Not Recommended,289650,16476083,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,quinnfeld,"Having played through and completed all previous AC games, it was a given that I was going to pick up and play this game. After the timber-shivering fun provided by AC4, this has proved to be something of a let-down despite (or perhaps because of) returning to a more classic Assassin's Creed template.Revolutionary Paris is a great setting, and the streets are more crowded than ever before. But there are so many things to do - It is impossible to see Paris on the game map through all the objectives and collectibles. And for what exactly? The Detective side-quests were a nice new addition but beyond that, they crowd out the map and drown out the plot.The plot is standard fare for AC; shadowy figures, betrayals, and reversals but has its moments with some exciting set-pieces (setting fire to a grain silo, time-travelling through France). A welcome return is the ability to direct the assassination missions yourself. Run in and stab someone? Bribe a servant to leave a window open? Create a distraction with a cart of fireworks? Your choice.I would finish by saying that this game is probably better than Assassin's Creed III - but it is just so damn buggy. Glitching and crashing all over the place. So very frustrating. If you are someone who must play every AC game, then nothing I say is going to stop you. If you're a fan but can wait, I would wait to see if AC Syndicate is any better first."
,Not Recommended,289650,14465065,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,G,"i want refund. i heard others have been getting it? don't buy this game, unless you have a super computer. sad i spent $60. refund?"
76561197970377550,Recommended,289650,14943326,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Dirty,Great game and the A.I an actually kill you now.
76561198056634949,Recommended,289650,21959337,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,saxual,Like call of duty but for dudes in robes.
,Recommended,289650,33130254,Posted: 2 July,all,Jyn Erso,"Great graphics, low optimization especially for those who bottlenecked in cpu, but overall good game"
76561198045763956,Not Recommended,289650,17354009,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Dencois,"An absolute nightmare of a game. Freerunning, the very core of the entire game, is riddled with glitches and bugs that leave one fast travelling and starting mission phases over just because they become stuck in the ground. And that is just ONE of the problems with the game. I've always loved the Assassins Creed games, but after playing Unity I will never buy another one. When something is wrong, Ubisoft, fix it. Don't move on and make a new game instead."
76561198047237057,Not Recommended,289650,17360726,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mordraug,"I should have listened to the reviews, this game is buggy and annoying I didn't even finish the story. #1 Because the story is bland and lame with an exception for some parts. #2 Its aggravating and annoying redoing something FROM THE BEGINNING after a aggravating failure in how they based their parkour system. Example: You are climbing roof tops and try to get down, so sorry did you want on that ledge? I thought you wanted in the middle of all seven of these enemy's. #3 Multiplayer SUCKS, even if you connect to a game (and it takes a while) you will find yourself aggravated over a lack of communication and bad decisions made by you or your partner(s). #4 Although these new addons are interesting they seem to serve little purpose. These addon's are half done and lack in real effort, clothing seems not do much at all, especially as your enemy's level. Although weapon's seem to, yet the phantom blade and other additions are just seemingly useless. Also the cafe was completely useless."
76561198056762882,Not Recommended,289650,14372390,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,(Sandwich) The Ham,"This game contain A LOT of bugs in both single player and multiplayer, even after numerous update and so-called bug fixings. Often you would see NPC that you suppose to follow is just stand there frozen. This game is a disaster for 70 dollar game level, if you are looking for single player experince (which you should, cause the mulltiplayer is just a cluster f*** of failure) or just a big fan of the ac franchais, you should definately go for ac rogue which is coming out in couple of weeks on pc.Most disapointing ac game so far from UBIsoft"
,Recommended,289650,15526532,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Cable (Nightfall),"The French Revolution, 45 Gigabytes, Ubisoft, small chance of success.... What are we waitin' for?"
76561198045446198,Not Recommended,289650,13723850,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ChaoZer0,"I wanna like this game, I really do. I was a big fan of Assassin's Creed Black Flag. Though I got it on the PS3 and there was no possible way I could afford PS4 and ACU, when I could barely afford ACU. So I got this game on steam and one of my biggest mistakes of buying something on steam.Its got too many glitches and it crashes a lot and its way too laggy, though some of that is because of my computer. But thats besides the point. My computer is really great, it works really well with other games. There is also the lighting problems that drives me insane and makes my computer freak out. Though the way the characters hair freaks out is pretty humorous its also annoying. One of the major glitches I find, is that my character gets stuck and cannot move at all. I cant do anything, and I have to restart and its SO annoying.In conclusion I want to like this game but I dont. I dont like it but I dont hate it. I have to say that I do not recommend this game. If they release a bunch of patches, lower the purchuse price, and steam gives a refund to all the people who have bought this game (which whill most likely NOT happen), then I will edit this review to a positive comment looking for all the good to say about this game, but I did not say I will stop playing this game. I will continue to play this game and in the mean time look through good things about this game.PS: That small miniature Notre Dame looking building BETTER not be Notre Dame."
76561198009370562,Not Recommended,289650,27818106,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,glux,"First impressions:The Assassin's Creed franchise would do well to focus on developing high-quality, engaging content, rather than scattering monotonous tasks with overzealous liberty throughout the streets of Paris.In that regard, the detective-work quests to compensate for the lazy police chief are a refreshing addition. They could have been great, had effort been spent on further development to their plots and character narratives.I think most people aren't drawn to hundreds of meaningless chests and tokens that are rarely difficult to reach, but that more often left me with the feeling that my time had just been wasted. If you're like me, and you want to try everything in a game, I suggest you think carefully about buying this one.If there were, say, 10 chests on the map, where I had to solve a complex puzzle to access them and the rewards were... actually rewarding, this would certainly appeal to me. This game could achieve great things were Ubisoft to abandon quantity as a metric for success over quality.If I can be bothered, I'll update this when I've played more."
76561198044527426,Not Recommended,289650,28032119,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ruzzy,"Late to do this review.Absolutely terrible, the amount they charge for this is just stupid.The fact that you can't use weapons such as the Hidden Blade / Pickup a enemies weapon is more dissapointing.The entire game still is uncomplete and a failure.Don't waste your money on this, trust me. The Co-Op isn't good either."
76561198195577839,Recommended,289650,33334985,Posted: 6 July,all,Yohannes,"super underrated game, i have to say its one of the best assassins creed games. this game was never bad, only very glitchy at launch"
76561198042185531,Not Recommended,289650,12918749,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Keyser,"I have a fairly high end gaming rig, but you wouldn't know it based on how awful this game runs.  But then, throwing hardware at a problem will only take you so far."
76561198140953920,Not Recommended,289650,12918589,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Beeker980,game is broken as hell... 60 bucks for this crap? this video explains all the problems.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgpzT5V5Mgs
76561198007100498,Not Recommended,289650,12918923,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Whistle,ungodly buggy crashed 7 times in 90 minutes. micromanagement and microtransactions....
,Not Recommended,289650,12930513,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Creck,"Completed game review!!!Spoilers --- If you haven't completed the game don't read --Spoliers!!!To start - there is no modern day content except of a few small cutscenes. This has killed it for me, they have competely cut out any modern day story from this game. This is just a game about an assassin timeline, nothing more. I really thought after Black Flag that they were going to go somewhere with the story, instead you get almost nothing. No mention of Juno, nothing about Abstergo, nothing about what happened to Desmonds father, it's just not there.Graphics - Great if you have a strong system. I'm running everything at medium and i'm getting a few slow downs along the way, but i was able to play the game and beat it in about 8 hours.Music - It's fine for an AC game.Story - The story is just OK, it would be better if it was tied to something, but saddly it seems that AC games are going to just be cash cows for them as they try to cut cost to create more cash on the game.  Arno is OK, but doesn't fit the story at all, the love story is weak at best, with very little character development. Even Black Flag had better character development than this and it was about as short as this game.Gameplay - Never, would I ever have to think I would have to complain about camera angles in AC. Yet in this game they are awful. If you're even inside a building or up against a wall, you're going to have problems with camera angles. Other than that, it's a typical AC game, nothing really special here. The one good part about the gameplay is the rebirth of the weapons and armor system. They finally listened and did an OK job at that.Fighting - Whoever thought his was better has lost their minds. The fighiting goes like this - attack, Press E when the enemy bar turns yellow, attack, dodge bullets, attack, press E when the bar turns yellow, then repeat. Thats it.Microtransactions - Screw you Ubisoft. You're already charging 30 dollars for DLC, what do you need to milk more money out of gamers for?Multiplayer -  It was fine the few times I have tried it. Didn't get any considerable lag.We were victims of good marketing. This is not a good game, and no matter what they do to it, it won't be a good game. It's a game meant to make money, and that is just what they have done.Score - 3/10. - Screw you Ubisoft, you're now in the same boat as Square Enix, Activision, and EA. Crappy game company looking to milk it's consumers with subpar products."
,Not Recommended,289650,12922798,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,JDoleman,"Dissapointed is what comes to mind when I play this game.Besides the various technical problems that everyone has been talking about for days, the gameplay hasn't really changed for the better, it just doesn't have that quick kill streaks we are so accustomed to in the series. The missions are okay with a few of them being more chores then missons. Micro Transactions are a terrible idea for this game. This is a single player game and the micro-transactions essentially buy you power (This demerits many of the activities in the game). All those missions you would play just to get more in-game coin is now rendered useless if you could just 'buy it'.I have always played assassin's creed games but this is the first one where I didn't wish to continue playing after the first week."
76561198007718531,Not Recommended,289650,12933657,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,CG|BZRK,Not a great game.  Frustrated by the fact that every time you purchase a game you have to keep gigging the controls to get the game to run smoothly.
,Not Recommended,289650,12918934,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,JelloPillo,"Comparing this to the previous AC; Black Flag. The standards have completely dropped, would not recommend this game for anyone on low, or high end PC's. Constant crash/lag/fps problems/instability/fall through objects. Ubisoft literally took a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥in my wallet."
76561198092534641,Not Recommended,289650,12919009,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Nightbadger,I had such high hopes for this game and it is depressing. I want this game to be so good and it could be if it didn't have so many bugs.
76561198041151668,Not Recommended,289650,12918948,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,-A-,you need the best PCs in the world to run this game. Very disappointed
,Not Recommended,289650,12925390,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Olli-S,"1. If you dont have good gaming computer from 2014 its not gonna run smooth.2. They should fix the bugs, the lagg and make it run better with bit older computers.3. I wouldn't recommend to buy this game.+ I don't have the newest PC and its just so tacky and feels realy laggy and probably is.FIGURED SOMETHING OUT THAT MIGHT HELP!If your game is laggy and doesn't run well TRY THESE to make it better!- Play around with your Graphics --> Aspect ratio and Resolution.- If you change your Aspect r. it will make it graphically better or worst.- If it seems graphically good and youre not laggy stick with that, but for those one who can't run itwith good graphis change it that it seems worst.- When it seems worst use that.- After your done with that play around with your Resolution.- When you find resolution that is good enough: does not lag so much, but you can still see quite well       use that Resolution.EXAMPLE: I'm playing with laptop and I set my Aspect ratio to: 4:3, it seems bad when you havent changed your resolution yet!Next I changed my Resolution to: 1024x768 and now I can see all quite well (still bit pixelated, but its worth it that you can play the game atleast).I went to game and played few mission and my computer doesn't lagg that much that I used to and DOES NOT HEAT UP THAT MUCH EITHER!I hope these steps helped to run this game better, that still is not quite there where it should be..Still dont recommend this game because of all the bugs and too high performance needed to run this."
76561198046362821,Not Recommended,289650,12919204,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Dumb Pilot,"This game would actually be fun, you know, if I didn't bug into something I couldn't get out of every 5 minutes and had acceptable frame rates."
76561198087601271,Not Recommended,289650,12925303,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Dr. Acedoctor,"I was incredibly disappointed with this game. Not only are the graphics advertised completely false, but on high graphic settings everything from the gameplay to the cutscenes are laggy and glitchy, and this is not just my computer as it is a gaming computer. Also the game has several general glitches, such as a dense white fog that will occur whenever you are inside a room, allowing you only to see those very close to your character. This exists even thoughout the cutscenes.Terrible game, do not buy!"
76561198064426838,Not Recommended,289650,14044138,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Frost,"Hands down the worst game I have ever played. Terible frame rate, Horrible stuttering, and just plain boreing. I will never give money to ubisoft as long as I live. A Complete and Total ripoff. Ubisoft should be ashamed that they released such a lazy game. 0/10 Dont buy this crap."
,Not Recommended,289650,14972823,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Detective Nick,"I'm going to review the gameplay and mechanics, not the graphics.  Graphics aren't as important to me, but the game does look stunning.  I saw the early reviews of ACU and decided to wait until it was patched to play it.  So I didn't notice a ton of glitches that were allegedly fixed in patches.  There are still some serious clipping issues.The controls are ridiculously imprecise.  There is also an extremely large number of objects to parkour-interact-with in the game.  In fact, you can parkour-interact with almost every single object in the game.  Every window shutter, every chair, every barrel, every shrub.  Good, right?  No.  Awful.  This, in combination with a ridiculously imprecise control system creates pure mayhem.  At no point during a free-run do I, the player, have any idea what my character is going to do in response to my controls.  I have a general direction of movement, but I do not know where the character will end up, or what move or animation he will do.  Running down the street to chase someone is nigh impossible as your character will invevitably start scaling some random object.The stealth system is awful.  It works okay in the finely tested tutorial, but in the open world it's terribad.  You never know what objects you can ""move into cover"" behind.  Half the time you move into cover behind an object you didn't want to, or it's the wrong side of the object.  For example, lots of buildings have a lip between the wall of a building and the column at the edge of the building, well you can only move into cover on the wall and not the column, but then you can't ""stealth move"" past the lip, so you can't even stand at the edge of the building to peek around the corner.  Coupled with ""imprecise controls"", the spamming of the crouch or the move-into-cover control buttons sometimes elicits no response.  (this actually occurs all the time with every control)The camera is awful.  The camera, especially the combat camera, was apparently designed for you to fight a 1v1 in an open field.  The camera is way too close during combat, especially given the number of objects that are frequently in the midst of battle.  Also, if you're fighting more than 1 enemy at a time, they tend to try to circle or flank to opposite sides of you (which I don't have a problem with).  But this creates issues because you can only ever fit 1-2 enemies in one camera angle.Climbing buildings is inefficient.   In every other AC, rooftop travel was extremely efficient and generally faster than street travel.  This is not the case in ACU.  Which, when you look at what makes AC appealing in the first place, you kinda have to wonder if anyone at Ubisoft thought about this.  I haven't quite pinned down what the issue is, but there's just no incentive to climb anything except for scenario-specific objectives.  It seems to be a combination of the following factors:  The average building is 2-3 stories tall and it takes too long to get to the roof.  Imprecise controls create ambiguity as to where you will end up.  Due to the layout of the city, there's a high number and streets and alleys that allow you to access almost anywhere quickly via the streets.This game could be great, but currently it is not."
,Recommended,289650,26519746,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MortySmith EX-307,Good game.Controls are a bit messy and kinda feels off sometimes.Worth the price :vEDIT: Co-op quest are fun but would be nice to play the main story too (just upgrade the difficulty by the number of allies).
76561198048227370,Not Recommended,289650,29145749,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"This game was great when it released, now not so much. I'm an avid fan of the AC series and this game is definently an excellent addition to it. Sadly it now has a number of issues with Windows 10 and crashed 10-30 minutes in whenever I play it, regardless of what fixes I attempt. I can't recomend it because it doesn't really work anymore, which saddens me because i loved it when it did."
76561197988942672,Recommended,289650,16252080,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DaneShady,"I didn't buy the game since I heared it wasn't running well. But since it was 50 % of and I read about steam's refund policy I tought I give it a shot. And I'm very pleased. Beatiful game, gives me the real AC games feeling, which I havn't had since AC2. I only have a GTX 660 but can run it at around 40 FPS on high. Don't know what the big fuss is all about, really."
,Not Recommended,289650,29155725,Posted: 9 January,all,Trickytaco21,"If you have anything other than a monster rig, don't even think about getting this atrociously optimized game. When I booted up the game, I was getting a framerate anywhere between 20-40 frames per second. After reducing the graphics settings to minimum (and changing my resolution to 1280 x 720) , it increased to 30-45 frames per second (which is still unacceptable). However, the models all looked like play-dough at this point. To top it all off, it crashed roughly every half hour. None of the online tweaks or ""fixes"" solved this problem. A terrible waste of potential given the fascinating setting. Refunded.My setup for reference:Intel I7 3770, Radeon R9 380 4GB, 32 GB RAM, 2 TB HDD."
,Not Recommended,289650,29262484,Posted: 14 January,all,MisterBlister,"A solid entry in the series, it doesn't really do anything particularly innovative or exciting but also largely avoids doing anything terrible as well.  Ultimately pretty forgettable, the plot (both future and past) feels like an afterthought with a lot of hanging threads left behind.  What it has going for it is a return to the giant buildings of the earlier games, and it's a treat to rush around the rooftops of Paris (and along its clogged streets).  The backdrop of the French Revolution is fascinating if a little underutilized, and they couldn't resist filling every single encyclopedia entry with ""witty"" comments by the endlessly annoying future tech-guy.  The game looks gorgeous though the hair looks dated already, and there is far too much in the way of equipment/abilities locked away behind utterly irrelevant ""social"" settings/multiplayer aspects that you can safely ignore entirely.Overall it's a perfectly reasonable game to play but nothing you should go out of your way to bother with.  If you can get it cheap or as part of a package deal, sure go ahead and get it.  But if you just wanna skip to AC: Syndicate you're missing absolutely nothing either gameplay or plotwise.  It's a pretty skippable if inoffensive game."
,Not Recommended,289650,28697624,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,NESGamepro,"I'm a fan of this series, I liked most of the games people say they didn't. This one just didn't hook me in like the others have. It started slow, picked up in the middle a little and fizzled out in the end.There are some definite highlights but I'd say this game is an easy skip for all but die hard assassins.Actual play time was more like 50 hours, not 78. Somehow it was still running after I closed it."
76561198110815178,Recommended,289650,26904177,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Twixxer,Not as bad as people say it is.
,Recommended,289650,21606343,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,neorist,"Should buy this game sooner!Nice gameplay! The assassinate and combat animations it's so cool!I like the multiplayer too, but it's just like 4 Arno i mean like a clown from Arno.But still nice. The story yeah, not bad. Can customize the Character too!Oh yeah the parkour more fun because the animations of jump, climbing, it's good and smooth, not really."
76561198042344939,Recommended,289650,16216880,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Kyle,"So I'll start off with my rig specs:GTX 780i5 4670k CPU @ 3.4 ghz (no overclock)Maximus Hero VI mobo8 GB RamI'm sure everyone who is currently looking at this game is still wondering if the optimization issues are still present. I myself was on the fence about even getting this game after reading all of the latest reviews (late May - beginning of June) from people who were saying the game won't even start and that the optimization still sucks and what not.After talking to some friends who still currently play the game, I went ahead and got it while it was on sale and decided to play it for a while just to make sure that there weren't any bugs, crashes, and poor optimization in all areas of the map before I wrote a review.With my specs, the game runs absolutely great - no bugs, no glitches, and no crashing. My framerate dips no lower than 40 during gameplay, and usually sits anywhere between 45-60+Here are my graphics settings:- Everything on Ultra, except:- Shadows: High (the only thing higher is NVIDIA softshadows, which isn't worth the lower framerate)- Antialiasing: FXAA (going any high than this destroys framerate for me)**ALSO, I've read about alot of trouble people were having with SLI / Crossfire and optimization issues. I've been playing with a friend who is using crossfire, and he says that the game is running perfect for him. I don't know about SLI though.Other than the optimization topic, the game itself is absolutely wonderful and looks gorgeous.With the option of changing your character's outfit: Head, chest, legs, waiste (pouches), glove, and colors, it's cool as hell to play co-op games with other people and run around with customized outfits together. The climbing mechanics are the coolest they've ever been in the AC series, not to mention the animations are bad♥♥♥♥♥ Stealth is finally reasonable and realistic: npcs can actually see you from far away and will take caution of your location, as compared to the older titles where you can be walking on a building adjacent to the enemy and they somehow don't notice. I actually feel the need to sneak around and stay out of sight when doing a stealth approach.I hope this review helps other decide whether or not to buy the game. Oh, and one more thing:It's a ♥♥♥♥ing shame that Ubi$oft released such a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥at the time of release. I only gave in to buying it because I wanted to play with some friends who have the game and stated it now runs fine. I'm honestly ashamed for selling out, knowing what kind of antics Ubi$soft have pulled on their loyal customers. At this point, it's a love/hate relationship between the consumers and the sons of ♥♥♥♥♥es who think this bait & switch crap is necessary to prosper in the game developing industry.All I can say about the situation is to take caution and wait on pre-purchasing anymore games from Ubisoft; let the sheeple who buy their games day-one make reviews before making any transactions."
76561198062865547,Not Recommended,289650,33465802,Posted: 11 July,all,RazSpirit,Still a laggy pile of trash after all this time.....
76561198127512116,Recommended,289650,20060334,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SHAKIRA,"bought it for $165.5 hours in and im lovin' itwith my gtx970 im getting 40-50 fps on VERY HIGH graphic settingsin my opinion this game is the best in the franchise (EVEN BETTER THAN SYNDICATE)THE MULTIPLAYER IS COOLive only done 2 missions so far but i didnt even have to wait more than 3 seconds to find the players to start the missionsthe combat is now challenging and rewarding SO STEALTH MATTERS GREATLYyou can fully customize your character (Arno), including different weapons, types of weapons, and equipmentPARIS LOOKS AMAZINGonly bad thing is ive seen a few minor graphic bugs such as unintended occasional light flashingconclusion:i believe this game represents what the franchise has been aspiring to be likethis game just feels right, it clicked for meif your computer meets the recommended specs, and you are considering buying this game, you should, but only on sale (why would anyone pay full price)its well worth itFINALLYMost the negative reviews are from when the game first came out, which Im sure was a disaster back then, but things have changed. THE GAME WORKS!!!There are also lots of people complaining about low fps issues, but I assure you it is because theyre computers are just not good enough to handle this game which is why you shouldnt buy it unless you have AT LEAST the minimum, but I recommend the recommended (obviously).AC UNITY DESERVES A SECOND CHANCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198093201158,Recommended,289650,20046955,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nick Mendoza,"In my opinion I think Ac Unity is a good game with good looking graphics, but is kinda full of bugs."
,Recommended,289650,23973987,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MysaOfDeath,"Some people disliked the game, I dunno why.For me I loved to play in Paris with Enzo and discover it in the pastHonestly I recommend it !!"
76561198229410668,Recommended,289650,16458924,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,YourFavAfghan,"Despite what everyone else has said about this game, i would give it a thumbs up BECAUSE my friend built a pretty powerful PC (GTX960, 8GB RAM, i5 Processor, etc.). So it runs Unity pretty well. I am a big Assassin's Creed fan so i may be a litttle biased on liking the game. It has never froze or gave me major problems. You do see random NPC's appearing out of nowhere and the AI needs to be fixed a bit.GAMEPLAYCombat is great and the story was pretty short (at least i thought it was). I spent a lot of time running around and doing the side quests and co-cop missions (Yes they are pretty fun).You have to rank up and obtain beter weapons and armor before embarking on a higher level mission. As the game progresses, you do need to do this. Otherwise the game will be incredibly hard and almost impossible to pass.My PC makes the game look beautiful. The lighting, shadows, textures. There are some moments when i look at the buildings and walls and think how realistic the game looks. Truly, nothing i have played has matched the texture quality.STORYThe storry was good and easy to follow. Im quite dissapointed about the ending, but still a fun game to play.RATINGI'd give the game a solid 7/10. Thats beacuse i took away a point for Uplay, a point from a dissapoint ending, and a point for Ubisoft for rushing the game to quickly. If they took a little more time and werent so pressed on releasing two games on the same day (Rogue) then they might have done a better job in making a better story and better AI."
,Recommended,289650,16378547,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Neotin,"From many people I've gotten mix reviews, from my play through I thought the story was good and the co-op was well made. I got it for the co-op but ended up playing the story as well. I'm a big fan of the Assassin's Creed games and I would recommend this for others that do as well. I will say the story was a bit easy and for me short though but over all still a good game and fun to mess around with friends."
,Not Recommended,289650,13979759,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Djinn,"Gameplay launch issues but good storyline, and horrible PC play"
,Not Recommended,289650,18936482,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Harkon Vasa,"It is ze bad game, but it was fun with CO-op Creed. Too bad the Assassin train crashed and everyone died. What a shame.Stay Away from it unless you got friends to play with. Because then you have some one to share alle the wierd sh**it happening, like Arnos furniture fetish (when he grabs the furniture and starts humping it) or the F up save Napoleon from assassin mission, which sucks. Buy Rouge instead, its more Fun"
,Not Recommended,289650,29192570,Posted: 11 January,all,Zettai,"You can feel this game was made without love, without taking care of every detail.The story is one of the worse in the series and it's making me ask myself if it's worth finishing.It's a real shame! But if you are thinking of buying, just go to the next one. Really."
76561198341299528,Recommended,289650,27925532,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SteveChiku,Almost perfect.With the just a glitch problem this game become not a perfect game but trust me everything is perfect from story to gameplay even multiplayer must have.
,Recommended,289650,21015962,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Snow Storm,"This game is like a victory secret model, pretty, slow and not very substantial. still played over 70 hours."
,Recommended,289650,23777352,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The Twin-fisted Protein Junkie,"Runs flawlessly, zero crashes in the entirety of my playtime and the only glitch I've seen is an enemy hitting me on a different floor once. Game is patched up pretty damn good and is also pretty damn fun on top of that.EDIT: Because people were asking: I'm on a 780 Ti, i5-3470, and 16 GB of ram at 1080p. The game is set to max settings on everything except for anti-aliasing which is on FXAA. Average framrate is around 55 and occasionally goes to around 30 in very high intensity areas."
76561198069492400,Recommended,289650,19218215,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Nero,"Unlike most people i enjoyed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game, I've palyed through it 3 or 4 times now. I love the Parkour, the environment, the people of paris. Its a wonderful experience that is no where near as bad as when it was released"
76561198038085193,Not Recommended,289650,28205455,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,dinglenoob,"Almost unplayable still..... My game has crashed wihtin the same 5 minute pay period no matter what I am doing. Its not my computers fault as it can run arma 3 on high 60 frames without a hiccup. I was excited to play this game, hoping the bugs were worked out but it seems I made a mistake.Do not buy this game, you will not get far before restarting over 10 times in the same sequence. Ruins the enjoyment of the game."
,Recommended,289650,15260230,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Entity2,"Although it launched with some showstopping bugs and performance issues for some people, the game's been cleaned up quite a bit and is pretty functional.It looks absolutely astounding, so for all the issues it had, the art team was on their A game.Combat's been dumbed down, and at times can be a little frustrating. You're going to miss the 'human shield' ability every AC game with guns has had up to the this point.While the animation looks phenominal, as a result the overall flow to the whole game has been slowed down considerably. Gone are the quick jumps from building to building, tree to tree, ground to building and building to ground. It's not game-breaking, but in my opinion slows the whole affair down a little more than I'd have liked.The story's typical AC fare, and the jumps to Nazi occupied Paris are a fun diversion, as are the Helix rifts. Side missions are plenty; there's no lack of things to do in this game.Overall, while the game got dumped on pretty hard at launch, it's worth a look."
,Not Recommended,289650,15081436,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Krew,Don't buy it. It sucks.
,Recommended,289650,15209548,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Rikezero,Awesome game!Had some issues with performance at launch but now it's all fine.!
,Not Recommended,289650,13754360,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jacko,"POST PATCHES REVIEW. So this is a review for the game itself, not the plethora of bugs. The game is pretty much patched up.Pros:Near perfect parkour, reminisant of AC 1&2BEAUTIFUL graphicsA couple of interesting Side acticities such as Investigations.Decently implemnted co-opActual assassination missions a la AC1Cons:Stripped away presentaion: No homestead, no boats, one city, no competitive multiplayer, a lot of these previously implemented things are absent for no apperent reason, there's nothing much to do at all.Micro transactionsCONTEXTUAL HIDDEN BLADE meaning no running with ur blades out and more often than not, having to fight people you couldve just insta-stabbed in previous games.Terrible combatMICRO TRANSACTIONSResetting missions w/o restocking ur equiptment, meaning you'll have to go regather equiptment after each failure (Unless you want to instantly pay for them with ♥♥♥♥ing MICRO TRANSACTIONS)Boring storyUninspired (Ezio 2.0 with less charm) lead characterRediculous difficulty spikes (Seemingly to make you buy upgrades with MICRO ♥♥♥♥ING TRANSACTIONS)Did i say the hidden blade is contextual now? Cause that's really ♥♥♥♥ing irritatingShoddy cover/stealth system that is a massive hinderanceHawkeyed AI that'll spot u from across a courtyard if u move out of hiding for more than a split second.Theres more cons, but writing this review is making me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. The point is, AC UNITY is a nice little tech demo, but it's completely soulless and incredibly lacking compared to previous games like the stellar AC4. Hopefully now that they have the basic technical aspects down, they can make a FULL game on the new engine that doesn't resent it's players for not shelling out more money."
,Not Recommended,289650,13803502,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bugarally,"All the hype about this game is good, but there seems to still be a lot of glitches. Just playing it for the not even 4 hours I have, I've experienced at least 5 times where I have been desynchronized because I jumped and got stuck in a wall. This game is also extremely laggy. I've turned down all the qualities to their lowest, and I'm getting the worst feedback. I understand it's a large game, but I should easily be able to run this with little lag. These are the only problems I have experienced with the game, and I hope that they can be fixed soon, because it does have an interesting storyline thus far.Currently with the glitches though, I'd have to say I don't recommend it that well. A good story can't make up for a bad experience."
76561198101562927,Not Recommended,289650,15499753,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Felix117,Very poor game from the Assasins Creed. Anything else i say will be to negative. Sorry. all in all 1/10 wouldn't buy another assassins creed game.
,Not Recommended,289650,13768925,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Squit,broke
,Not Recommended,289650,13497764,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Terran Spectre,"I think this is the first time I have ever bothered to write a review for a game on Steam. Why this game? Because it just isn't playable.Frame rate is terrible, even if you put everything to minimum settings (and no, its not just my PC, I have a gaming rig that meets the spec)Got suckered in by the offer and completely regret it. This game isn't ready for playing. I feel really sorry for the testers who are going to get the blame for this.DO NOT BUY"
76561198072046261,Not Recommended,289650,13766871,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,PapaTango,Unplayable out of ten/11
76561198069219296,Not Recommended,289650,13772875,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Gray55,i got a newcomputer not long ago and it's still SOOOO laggy (even on the lowest settings). Guess i'll just have to wait untill an update comes out that allows me to make it actually run correctly.
,Recommended,289650,17129848,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,-TacticalMagoN,I have Unity on Xbox One and this is one of my favorite Assassin Creed 10/10! Viva la Arno
76561198051432115,Recommended,289650,18863461,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Allergic Peanut,good enough get assassins creed 3 for a true story and good performance
,Recommended,289650,23929671,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Darkstalker Kaathe,"Assassin's Creed Unity bring us travel to historical city of Paris during one of its darkest hours, the French Revolution , perfect setting historic timeline for Assassin's Creed games , and the gameplay combat fight and stealth also challenging in every difficulty level ."
,Recommended,289650,27999677,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Marek209SK,"Unity is for me a very good AC game. I know, many people disliked it, but that was when it came out, it was a totally broken game, it was literally unplayable, but after lots of patches, it's actually very good. And still, after 3 years it looks beautiful. The story is immersive, graphical quality is stunning and customisation is just immersive, this is the only AC game with this much customisation.Pros:+Story+Graphics+Characters+Customisation+New movemen and pretty smooth parkourCons:-Some bugs-No day/night cycle, time of the day changes when you fast travel."
,Not Recommended,289650,12920460,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,KitsuneRisu,"I feel strongly about this; enough to chime in. I normally give games the benefit of the doubt but this game is a horrible mess. It's beautiful, but broken, like a macaw whose wings had been trod on by the King of France.I highly advise everyone to save your money, do not support this, let Ubisoft learn from these stupid decisions, and move on to better games.Hopefully Ubisoft will patch the game in the future. Unlikely, but there's always hope. Less hope here than the revolutionaries had, ironically."
76561198070155920,Not Recommended,289650,12929656,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Silver JuanS,"*2nd day of launch*I'm running a mac on bootcamp here and suprisingly no crashes thus far, however the graphical issues are disgusting, tooltips and UI elements turn into a Garry's Mod esque graphical mess or they become brighter then the bloody landing lights on a Boeing making the game unplayable for more than 10 minutes at a time without your eyes catching fire, this same issue of the godly light carries over to the main menu which glitches out so you have to strain to see where the hell all the options are which was 5 minutes of random clicking to find the brightness settings which were already at their lowestin summary -5/10 not meant for species with eyes"
76561198041348179,Not Recommended,289650,12944360,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Allegrezza,"While I would reccommend this game, it is constantly marred by frame rate drops due to poor optimization. This fact coupled with several frustrating glitches makes the game near unplayable. If you are planning on purchasing this game, wait until it is fixed, or do not purchase at all."
76561198073951786,Not Recommended,289650,12918620,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Rfrbz12,"I CAN'T ABORT A COOP MISSION! Unless I let myself get killed while waiting or quit the game, I am stuck watching a timer and not playing missions.I cannot recommend this game until the coop, fps, and most of the free running bugs are fixed.Btw, played a mission where I listened to the ""devil"" and my eagle sense was forever compromised."
,Recommended,289650,32675630,Posted: 23 June,all,✪EDP✪,If you like AC games. You would love this one...
76561197969690315,Not Recommended,289650,21123493,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Nombly,"This games story is absolutely fine. The chacters are fine.. everything relating to the ""Assassins Creed"" feel is fine. However, there are so many design flaws and bugs, and ridiculous time sinks... just.. don't bother.I've had multiple instances where Arno gets trapped in mid air with a falling animation or stuck peering over a ledge and being unable to move. The combat with heavy weapons is sluggish and sometimes you get animation locked watching an enemy fall over instead of being able to move on to the next one. I've even had the leading red haired female get stuck in place in one mission and refuse to let me continue to escort her. I won't even get into how stupid it is that debris like paper and fruit and other stupid things like that will hang in mid air with nothing to prop them up. The parkour is a little better with the up and down controls.. but half the time Arno will not listen to the players commands and do his own things.. like refusing to grab an easy close-by ledge... or refusing to go into a window. It gets frustratingly annoying very quickly.The missions don't prepare you in any way for what the ""Full Sync"" task will be, and often will lock you in the mission being unable to return to free roam mode so you can buy the skill you need from doing co-op. And that's another thing... the game forces you to play co-op in order to get enough skill points to buy unlocks to get full sync in single player missions! Going back to locking you in missions though, the free dlc you get with the game opens up in sequence 5, and the dlc is sequence 13. If you happen to click the dlc, which is RIGHT BESIDE your home structure to go collect your money, you get shoved into the sequence 13 DLC and are unable to leave until you finish sequence 13 part 1. While the videos you see only provide minor spoilers, there are still things you can easily discern if you really think about it that will spoil bits of the main story.On top of all it's design faults, there are so many stupid collectables padding the game time in this game that a very sizable fraction of my game time (Above 50%) has just gone to looting chests with only money inside. And once you have your 7 pieces of maxed out gear you have no point in having money at all!Also, there are microtransactions in a single player game. ""Helix points"" are used to upgrade gear, or buy it early, or used to unlock maps to all the treasure and side quest locations in the game for real life money. I don't think I even need to state how greedy that is.If you buy this game, buy it on sale and only play the main storyline and don't even worry about the full syncs. You'll get a pretty decent story and less of a headache as a result. It hurt's to say that because I'm a huge AC fanboy, and it's so sad to see how this panned out."
76561198053960134,Not Recommended,289650,14522577,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,JaMa,"Bad performance, too many glitches. Worst AC ever."
,Not Recommended,289650,20811977,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Oni,You remember when Ubisoft made good/great games?Neither do I... Not anymore...RIP Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,289650,13978238,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Jaji and Boji,it got better than the first version but still has crashes on mult and single player. Gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when playing mult and game crashes. wait for patch 5
76561198047389417,Not Recommended,289650,17530205,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Tough Tat Boi,ubisoft plspls stop
,Not Recommended,289650,12918452,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,mantou boy,Game crashed before it even started.
,Not Recommended,289650,12951757,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Yeet,"""CONSUMER WARNING""♥♥♥♥♥♥That is all."
,Not Recommended,289650,14860424,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,AoG StreetG0rilla,"dont buy this. dont buy this. dont buy this. youre welcome. It more than likely wont work at all, if it does you'll just be even more mad cuz it will run like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ I bought this 5 months ago and they've released two updates. neither of which have fixed the playability whatsoever. I have a very good pc more than capable of running this game at max settings. i get 5 fps in this worthless waste of my money. dont buy this."
,Not Recommended,289650,12972179,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,x3DAHYUN™,please fix....... battle during arno vs bellec .... i click E .... like 20 time .. still need to beat him again what de hell is this..
,Recommended,289650,25391900,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,csgobounty.com pvpro.com,Works Smooth in my Asus R Series..
76561198074423378,Not Recommended,289650,28083852,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zapandrathus,"Despite having the recommended requirements, I still crashed at least every 30 minutes. What fun!"
76561198119616298,Not Recommended,289650,14858519,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,bladesman001,"looks cool, but wouldnt know because the bugs and the frame rate don't allow me to play. Oh wait for the 5 minutes i did play i got stuck on top of a pole and couldnt jump down. Makes me want to cry and pisses me off. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!"
76561197998474082,Not Recommended,289650,14901261,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Lazy Lancer,"Avoid buying this game. Very high possibility of getting blocker bugs even after 5 patches have been released.Ubisoft is probably hiring 1st year student to do programming jobs.In my case the game just won`t save progress, it does not create any save game files or profile folders.Cloud save by UBI isn`t working for a year already and they can`t fix it. And even when the Clould save is disabled, the game won`t save any progress at all.Ubi support is useless, they can`t help you, only ask to reinstall everything on your PC, send them your dxdiag files and uninstall everything that is not UBI-related. Which does not help anyway."
,Not Recommended,289650,16303530,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,WAK3Y,This game has still not been fixed. So many issues ignored while devs move onto pumpin more crap into the market. Can guarantee the AC Syndicate will also be terrible. All faith in Ubisoft lost.Do yourself a favour and buy the Witcher 3 instead of Unity or Syndicate.
,Not Recommended,289650,25675423,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,spacebar,Low 19 Fps with Gtx 960 thanks a lot ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,289650,33541420,Posted: 14 July,all,TARS,"This is a game I sped through to be honest, I beat the campaign as quickly as I could because as a historian who is into gaming this game just massages my brain in all the right place. However, I'm bored of this franchise and this game didn't help. The narrative is literally meaningless in terms of stakes and actual impact on the world created by the franchise. Its still buggy as ♥♥♥♥ and that is unacceptable given the fact that the game has been out for years. If you feel like you want to skip an Assassin's Creed game than pick this one as the one to ignore and I say this despite the fact that Arno is my third favorited assassin after Altair and Edward.The full review is over here on the blog:http://thelpq.blogspot.com/2017/01/assassins-creed-unity.html."
,Recommended,289650,23361697,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ThatTomTouch,After they fixed the crashing and performance issues this is a really good game tbh would recommend it when it goes on sale definately worth a buy
,Not Recommended,289650,13979770,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,..,"The fact that this was priced at 60 dollars at release is an obvious middle finger from Ubisoft. It is riddled with bugs, crashes to desktop every 5 minutes and the controls are janky and completly ruined when compared to the original free-running in Assassin's Creed. They tease you with the ability to counter but there are no kill moves, you only can whale on opponents until their silly life bar goes to zero where they look as if they are about to faint. Only then are you able to perform the kill move. The counter is completly useless half the time resulting in only parrying the blow, and when everyone and their brother carries a pistol, if you engage more than two people, you will die in no time at all due to one of them stepping back and taking a shot at you. If it is not obvious from my tone in this review I will state it outright: Do NOT buy this game."
76561198061050850,Not Recommended,289650,34387950,Posted: 20 August,all,Kopi.Imba,"I intended to give thumbs up for this game when I just several hours in, but I eventually changed my mind after completing the game. Like most of other Ubisoft games, AC unity showed a great potential at beginning, but the game experience started to decline dramatically after a couple of hours’ play and I had to force myself to finish the story.Graphics:   6.5 out of 10Pros:-Very good interior shading and texturing.Cons:-Extremely lack of optimization.Even with GTX 1070, the FPS will drop to 40 at some cut scenes when the camera is rendering a close up character shot.-Too many NPCs in the streetswhich consumed CPU horribly. FPS suffered most of time.-Terrible light shading during day time at noon.The entire world seems to be over exposed and over brightened at distant view.-Plenty of texture loading bugs.Gameplay:  5 out of 10Pros:-Potentials in multiplayer missionsand that is all.Cons:-Awkward combat mechanism and movements.It is obvious that Ubisoft wants to make some changes to AC’s combat system, but sadly it went the wrong way. Unnecessary delays are introduced in almost every single combat and freerunning movement; you even have to lean forward before a leaping from a fast travel point, otherwise the system will repeat the synchronizing cut scene.-Inaccurate, annoying auto targeting and snapping mechanism.The stupid mechanism keeps changing target during fighting enemies and keeps targeting the enemy I don’t want to target. The snapping mechanism also did a terrible job. You get easily snapped to weird positions (for example, railings, corners, tables, and chimneys) when free running.  It might be ok when you just wandering around, but it gets super annoying when it happens during a chase or escape. It happens almost all the time and ruins the game experience every time.-Bugs, Bugs, Bugs…Just too many of them to list one by one. They kept repeating during my play through the game and ruined the game.Overall:  5.5 out of 10It is a potential game with a lot of new ideas, but killed by lacking of punishments and countless bugs."
,Not Recommended,289650,14408702,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Tempest,It simply does not work.
,Recommended,289650,27940664,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BratmanDu,"Played long after it came out, so most issues were fixed for me. Perhaps the best looking AC game, and stunning recreation of Paris. Gameplay also decent, especially climbing but missing some stealth options from earlier games."
,Recommended,289650,27158556,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SilentTornado,"10% LUCK20% SKILL15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL5% PLEASURE50% PAINAND 100% REASON TO REMEMBER THE NAMEActually this game is 99% pain and 1% pleasure, but its still fun and you should play it."
76561198049614899,Not Recommended,289650,14368004,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Haathum,By far the worst Assassin's Creed ever
,Not Recommended,289650,20043760,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,miztawildcard,Big fan of the AC games since 1 through to BF. However......framerate is terrible and is playing up no matter if I set it to low settings.There's also still glitches and bugs going on stopping me at times in completing missions.Trying to get a refund as I find it too distracting even though I tried for 4 hours play.
,Not Recommended,289650,13755578,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Harshit,"once  there was a man, who wants to play an open world where you can kill people stealthily, ALAS he found AC. he played ALL the AC series, even the stand alone ones. After playing all the AC games, he found out that theres a new AC coming out, called the ""ASSASSINS CREED UNITY"". To much excitement, he used his visa to load to his steam wallet and bought the game. whilst downloading, he thought to himself "" this must be better than all of the AC games cause it came back to its original theme which is in the city killing people"". after a seemingly endless download, he clicked play. it started, fortunatley for him. but then the main menu comes.. he had just bought a new comnputer, costs no more than $4000, it has extreme graph card and stuff, but he wondered why the main menu lagged balls. he then click the play button and starts the game, to much surprise, he couldnt move his character, why? cause of the lagginess. he then turned of the game and waited.. waited waited.AFTER 4 months, he came back to the game to see if there was any fix. but none, none changed the lagginess of the game. he became a sad sad man. so sad that he had to write a thrid person story for a review. don't be like this man. this man has done it, the biggest mistake after adma and eve's."
76561198059853043,Not Recommended,289650,13797588,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Skogen,So much lag!
76561198157257801,Not Recommended,289650,18596045,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,PROXIGEN_[572],"This game was ok, saying it was bad is saying truth, saying it was horrible is ridiculous. This game stood out from trailers, and played in  an interesting fashion, but there are two reasons I and many others down-rate this game.First: GlitchesTHis game scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Why? because there were special characters who could remove there ♥♥♥♥ing facial skin!! (if u keep up with the gaming press, u know what im talking about, otherwise look it up)Second: MisleadingThis game was misleading not in the sense that it didnt give us what we wanted (despite the fact that saying that would be very true). It was misleading because this wasnt an AC game!!! the hidden blade was not a weapon, but a literal kill animation that could no longer be used freely. Also, these games thrive on the concept of DEBATED good, over DEBATED evil, yet the templars won thistime...why?(to be fair the same thing happened in AC rogue yet they did it right),All in all, don't play this game. It is the biggest failure of the AC series yet (and with assassins creed 3 existing, thats saying something). If u want the best expirience out of the AC franchise, then dont play this game AT ALL.Thx for reading"
,Not Recommended,289650,13539175,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cow Catcher 900,"I feel insulted for buying this, and Ubisoft should feel ashamed for releasing it. I keep hoping someone will find the hidden line of code that says ""this is PC - Who cares."" but everyday I am disappointed. Seeing as how that hasn't happened yet, it seems like Ubisoft has learned their lesson from Watch_Dogs.If only they would put as much work into making a finished product as they would falsely advertising a multimedia E3 engine and deleting the line of code that lets the game run as it should...but that would be the right thing to do.Don't buy it. Don't waste your time. Don't embarrass yourself.Ubishit strikes again."
,Not Recommended,289650,14275180,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Twitch.Tv/ZakkHazard,"So there i was. 70% done with the game and what the heck do yah know the game crashes. I say ""Hey bruh is okai ey'll juzt restert"" So I proceed to do so and whadya know.......cannot find game save. Alllllllll gone...10/10 Would Ubisoft agin.... -_-"
76561198063093687,Not Recommended,289650,12928817,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,PoistMoon,"This game is fantastic and flawless...except for all the damn glitches, frame drops, and stuttereing. If Ubishit gets their act together and fixes this damn game, then i am sure that me and everybody else will be exstatic. You lost a lot with this screw up, Ubisoft, one more ♥♥♥♥ up like this and your stocks will go down a lot more than 9%. I can only recommend when they patch the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game."
,Not Recommended,289650,12939018,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Gabrielle,"As there are over a dozen reviews telling you just how bad the released version of the game is (falling through, bad framerate, et.c.), I won't be writing about that. They aren't exactly gamebreakers for me, and it runs fine on my GT740 graphics card.That being said, this game is a letdown for me.Let me explain. Some of you reading this will be history fans of the French Revolution... maybe rescue Sade from the Bastille, or discuss politics with Mirabeau, tail Robespierre and see what he's up to. Well, so much for that. Most of the time I have been running around sabotaging Templars, who really just seem to be causing problems in Paris instead of working for or against the Revolution. They're just causing riots, pretty much, and my Arno's running all over town quelling them.Not my idea of historical rendezvous.Do the major boys show up? Of course they do. For like two minutes. You see Sade dressed as if he's ready for the 18th century version of the Bacchanalia - so much for his namesake fetishism - and Mirabeau... well, I have no idea what he was thinking, but that ain't no Mirabeau I studied. Napoleon is... just a dude. Danton shows up but only as if he's an afterthought, same goes for Robespierre.Seriously. Apart from the names thrown in, this could have been the Franco-Prussian War, and I wouldn't have noticed.The historical inaccuracies are rather dumbfounding at times. If you actually take a look at Louis XVI's reign, he wasn't a bad guy. A kind of a slow-acting guy, and certainly being bossed around by his idiotic wife, but he wasn't some evil, arrogant g!t this game paints him as. And so far (I'm close to his execution date), I haven't seen him once. Nada. Nor his family. No Duc d'Orleans rousing the revolutionaries, no Marie Antoinette with Rose Bertin dresses (although you do get to see the designer... for two minutes), no St Just as the Angel of Death, no Sanson, no Dr Guillotine... and I swear I saw a guillotine prior to April 1792. I heard La Marseillaise in 1791, There are modern-looking porcelain on the tables. I received the Athos shirt, of which the description states he fell in a duel... while, if you read The Man in the Iron Mask, he actually died from grief after his son Raoul died. There are men in Victorian tophats wondering about Marais. And the street signs definitely bear modern fonts.Alright, you might say, you're nitpicking. And perhaps I am, but my list of woes do not stop there. I loved the ACII series, and in that game (and for that matter, AC1 and maybe even perhaps AC3 and Black Flag), there was a definite 'purpose', a goal to be attained that the Assassin was working toward. Altair, to redeem himself; young Ezio driven by vengeance, then later seeking the truth, you know the drill.Arno? I really have no idea what his goal is, and I've been with this guy since 1776! Revenge for his father? Doesn't look like it... he's la-de-dahing with a Templar. Revenge for his adoptive father? Then why exactly is he in the enemy order anyway? To further Assassin goals? But then why is he with a Templar? Actually, what is going on here? Why are the upper echelons of the Templars and Assassins apparently in some kind of a union? Aren't they sworn enemies against each other?He loves Elise. Okay, fine. Elise loves him back. That's wonderful. But then why is she still a Templar? And for that matter, why is he an Assassin? There's pretty much nothing stopping Elise (at least) from leaving the order, and she's not doing much to help the Assassins to go about the ""she's the insider"" route. She isn't doing much to gain the Assassin's trust either (counting steps to the hideout then snidely telling people that she knows how to get there while blindfolded? Way to go), and Arno just keeps making his own decisions and doing whatever. The moment of drama unfolds but I still can't figure out what the guy Arno owes his life to did in that moment to be assassinated. And more importantly, why is Elise so important for an Assassin? Isn't the Brotherhood like, the most foremost thing in the members' lives? Or has it degenerated into a sort of a sidejob while people get married and have kids?I think we all loved Altair, Ezio, even Connor because they were always Assassins first. If they found women to support that, that's excellent (Maria Thorpe), and if they retired to have family (Miss Sartor), that's a choice that I won't deny. But this, this ""I'm doing everything for a girl and screw the Order if they conflict""? I'm not buying it.The glitche episodes are quite frankly annoying and unnecessary. Shooting against the Germans might be one way to knock out people's wishes for WWII Assassin's Creed, but it really makes no sense and I found it unnecessary to the game. The game engine itself is extremely reminiscent of Thief, down to the unlocking system and sneaking and crouching. Hey, the protagonist from Thief parkours too!The combat is upped a notch, but it's fairly easy to take on 7 enemies at once... something they still haven't balanced well. No more counter-kill button mash, but there is a counter-damage button mash, and the dodge function still pretty much is the same. You also start to rack up livres (at least I think they're livres... the sign's a 1988 proposition for francs) at a fairly alarming rate, considering the French economy at that time. And just with the previous, the currency is inaccurate to boot. No ecus for you, and assignats now go for 17 livres.My final verdict is this: want to run around a historically inaccurate reproduction of 18th century Paris? Go buy this game. Want to see the life of a young Assassin, who dedicates himself to the Order as his predecessors had done? Go play AC1 or 2. Want to play a non-buggy game? Play something else. Not particularly interested in the French Revolution but want to get the taste of the game mechanics? Go play Thief.Last note: the girl was depressingly ugly. I'm willing to take a bullet for Danielle Darrieux, but the maximum I'll suffer for Elise is probably a papercut. A really small papercut. They could have made any face they wanted, why couldn't make the heroine a tad more attractive? (Another historical incosistency: females were punishable by death for wearing culotte or any form of trousers back then... hmm.)"
,Recommended,289650,33440150,Posted: 10 July,all,Mariusica,"Assassin's Creed, one of the best game that I played in my entire life.Little story:Once upon a time i was 12 yrs, got a pc and my first game was Assassin's Creed Brotherhood (had cd) and after I got internet connection I have searched for all AC series. Just finished them all and here's all Ac:-Assasin's Creed I-Assassin's Creed II-Assassin's Creed Brotherhood-Assassin's Creed Revelation-Assassin's Creed III-Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag-Assassin's Creed Unity : here :3-Assassin's Creed SyndicateI really enjoyed all of them, but before to get my new pc I only played from ac I to Revelation,  I really played much and got them done like 2 times every type of ac game (not syndicate just played like 20 hrs)Assassin's Creed Unity is one of the best open-world game.Pro:Graphics: 10/10Story: 12/10  (got lots screen and also Arno love story)Battle: 8/10Bad things about this game:-Really bad optimizated-The game is fully of bugsSoo, as I said and I will always say the AC series are the best! This is my favourite Assassin's Creed game.Even there's lot of bugs I also enjoy.I recommend this game for everyone, be carefully if you got an low-pc it may run you really slower.If ubisoft see this tell them to optimize this game xD"
,Recommended,289650,21161663,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,FannyFoxy,10 из 10 багов.Когда защиту вкл♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥убивают.Когда просто подошел и стоишь убивают.Убивают когда ты убиваешь.Просто сто из ста убийст♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198072199468,Not Recommended,289650,16784905,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Underfort,CTRL-C CTRL-V
,Recommended,289650,19383364,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,m1cr0l,"So far the game has been running pretty smoothly for me with occasional stutters here and there as well as fps drop in a few areas. There may be a few bugs and glitches that occured but nothing too game breaking and even if there is bugs and glitches, it's very subtle. Unity for me so far has been way more enjoyable than Black Flag. Optimization wise it's not too shabby. With my 15 4460 and R9 380 4GB, I am able to set everything too it's highest settings apart from HBAO+, PCSS and MSAA, all of which really hits the fps HARD. If I were to use the ultra high preset in game, my fps will be around 30ish. With the ultra high preset and turing the above mentioned settings off, my fps rose to 45-60ish depending on the location and for me that's pretty good and fyi its on a 900p panel. Overall, unity really stood out to me with its beautiful graphics and enjoyable free running. Really good deal since it's 50% off as well."
76561198097300485,Recommended,289650,30913222,Posted: 2 April,all,SimplySam,"I can't believe so much more people prefer AC4 with it's repetitive ship combat and long distance sailing.+I can run it on high unlike AC4+Not too easy combat+Semi-interesting storyline so far )havent finished yet+Cool customization+Co-op is fun asf-Co-op is kinda dead asf-Slightly buggy but nothing too bad+Looks better than it's successor, Syndicate+Great setting and atmosphereI do highly recommend this game.On a sale."
,Not Recommended,289650,14778924,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Maxpayne ◢◤,"this game is full of bugs,lags and glitches not worth the price I would have loved to be able to get a refund but its to late now so don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,289650,26722493,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Disp0sition,"Played the first 2 sequences, went to load the save and whatever section it's loading from crashes the game every time. I played this game to completion on ps4 and honestly, all I want to know is which of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ keyboard jockeys at Ubisoft decided that this game, with this garbage engine, needed that many thousands of NPCs which add nothing to the experience."
,Recommended,289650,16178026,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Imhotepsol,This game had a terrible launch but I finally gave in and bought it today.I'm running everything on Ultra except for AA disabled. Instead of AA I'm running DSR@1440p and getting 55 - 60 FPS. Looks like the problems are fixed.So far I'm really enjoying the game. It's a good Assassins Creed story. Paris is beautiful and feels more alive than any one of the previous titles. I like the new parkour animations and the new combat system. I also spent a couple of hours this evening playing the co-op missions. They were a great addition to this game.It's a shame this game got off to such a bad start. I almost passed it up but now it's well on its way to being my favorite entry in the series.
,Not Recommended,289650,27580923,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TribalHARRY,"Unfortunately there isn't much I can write about the game due to several issues stopping me from playing any further.Controls are clunky and not easy to use at all. I tried switching cover to stay out of sight of a guard and I ended up standing in front of him while trying to switch. Really bad and a significant drop in quality from previous titles.Assets don’t sit well together and NPC’s glitch and fall through walls and floors as well as walking through each other like ghosts.Even with my GTX 1060, this game has to be played in 'High' just to get a playable framerate, (The graphics settings in this game go in this order: Low, Med, High, Very High, Ultra) and even then I’m only getting 30 - 40 FPS. Just as a comparison, I am playing through the Witcher 3 on Ultra @ 60 FPS with very few dips. Optimisation in this game is very poor.The combat is absolutely awful. I have played AC1, 2, 3, and Black Flag and the combat in those games are fantastic and satisfying. This combat is clunky and slow. Some of your commands not even registering and Arno just stands there like a lemon and gets slashed across the chest by an enemy sword. Not only that, but it doesn’t feel adequate at all, there’s little feedback and it is really underwhelming.From reading other reviews (note: I did not get this far) there is apparently chests you can’t open without having a 3rd party app on your phone as well as an in-game shop for micro transactions. This is something I cannot stand. A full price triple A game with a built in shop? What is this? CandyCrush? Free To Play games I can understand, but this is a business strategy I cannot support at all and shouldn’t exist.Overall I think this is just a game to miss. After its horrendous launch, I thought I would give it a chance nearly 2 years on after it was ‘patched’, and the issues are still very prominent. If the issues are still here now, I can’t see Ubisoft doing anything to solve them. If you want an Assassins Creed game to play, try Syndicate instead, although that one still has an in-game shop. It’s a shame with what could’ve been a fantastic game set in one of my favourite time periods. I shall be refunding.TribalHARRY."
,Not Recommended,289650,24287839,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Skyfall_25,Still Broken and buggy. Will never be fixed.
,Not Recommended,289650,12940303,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,:),"AAAAANNNNDDDD..... of course. doesn't work. Well, what did I expect? This happens with all games from ubisoft. Don't they EVER test their games???? I love the game but I can't get it to work."
,Recommended,289650,28989290,Posted: 3 January,all,coolRONz,"Decent enough game. 2 years later and its bug free, looks amazing, plays decently. I really enjoyed the game, still don't think its as good as Black Flag but still pretty good. The only thing that rings out to me is how hard it is on my 4930K GTX 1080 setup, I play in 2560x1080 and to maintain VSYNC(75hz) I have to turn the graphics down one notch. With games like this, it makes me giggle to think some people actually think we are even close to 4K gaming... A great game if you have the HP to run it....."
76561198132233941,Not Recommended,289650,24337309,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,SomeDudeFromNowhere,This Game is unplayable... so much lag and so many bugs that I can't even get through the second mission without it becoming impossible to move on.... Save your money and do not waste your time on this game
,Not Recommended,289650,24374552,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,coldbloodedcarnie,"I wish I could at least give this a postive review for the story, but since I can't even get past the beginning sequences without it constantly crashing I won't ever know how the story progresses. I love the AC series and had looked forward to finally getting around to this one; sadly, it is basically unplayable"
76561198096461227,Not Recommended,289650,18995675,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,fhogan93,"I would not recommend buying this game a hundred times over. After playing it for less than an hour it had too many glitches to count. Though the game and graphics are great. It really doesn't do the game justice when you fall into a never ending abyss in the middle of the mission. I've had to replay simple missions ten times over because arno would just stop moving and be stuck in mid air ,or he would just pass through a wall while free running, or jump to his death when on a roof. Not only that. i have realized i can't finish the game since ubisoft has essentially refused to fix a glitch in a main mission that customers have been complaining about in THEIR forums since june of last year. Patch after patch this issue is still not resolved. If you are a big Assassins Creed fan i would advise you to stay away from this game so as not to be disappointed. Ubisoft has failed big time and i think after a year its about time they either fix their mistakes or give out some form of refund to make up for this unfortunate ♥♥♥♥ up."
,Not Recommended,289650,14119541,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Skymea,1 fps never looked so next gen.Atleast the game isn't buggy.Oh wait.
,Not Recommended,289650,14507221,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,yahuwah,Hate this game cant even play it for 30 minutes without rageing about how the ui sucks targetting for assassinations sucks with the huge crowds the huge crowds render the same people constantly so you end up seeing clones everywhere basically this game series has become a cash cow and they've stoped makeing quality creed games and overcomplicated it
,Recommended,289650,31945010,Posted: 24 May,all,Dragonlord3344,The best assassins creed with coop with up to 3 friends or so.  Wish there where boats and an ocean thou.
76561198039473236,Not Recommended,289650,13013447,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,CapN DvS,"To start off I would like to say that Unity could have been one of the greatest games of 2014.............. but no, framerate so low even cutscenes bob around like a Hula girl on your Comby van dashpad. Glitches and bugs that even if there were major patches put in place, you would probably find it hard to return to the game in the first place. Finally terrible gameplay mechanics, you feel like a puppeteer controlling a doll, nothing feels fluent or realistic in controlling Arno.. and his ability to hover across thin air to ledges or opposite roofs made me question my eye sight, but i digress either purchase fc4 or preorder gta 5 this is a very sad failure on ubi's side my apologies.All the best everyone."
,Recommended,289650,15195477,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,the_Doc,"Lets get down to the simple sentence that decides whether you pay 60 bucks for ac unity. Is your computer a top notch gaming rig? I'm being serious here though. Whether your rig can put up with the very likely to be numerous memory leaks in this game would be dependent on your ram, I have ten physical gigs, so I know the difference ram makes. Whether you can get it to look half decent isnt so much the issue, my rig was top of the line 3 years back and can run this this maxed everything but antialiasing, which i run on fxaa, you don't need 8msaa, and it will lock up your computer, I promise you. Now you might be wondering, ""I've heard very polarized things about this game, but more problems than I can count, surely it's not that simple?"" You've got me, but I've seen both sides, some vilify it for its in game purchases, let me tell you, you dont need them, nor do you feel lacking without them. This doesnt condone their practice here, its the worst I've seen yet, but don't let it ruin this game for you if you could have played it. So far, I'd say it lives up to the hype in one area, and one area only, the graphics being simply stunning.But of course, if you're wondering if you can run this game on low, leave, right now, unless you're running windows 7 x64 or above and have more than 7 gigs of ram.  Then you'll be fine. Probably, don't take my word for it, but I wasnt kidding when I said that your computer will either make or break this game for you. SHAME on ubi for not optimizing it to be better, it should be 60+ when not running antialiasing, but I cannot promise that, and I cannot promise it will be stutter free. If you can be patient in any other ac game though, let me tell you, you'll be ok here, as long as you can get this game to work without graphics lag on low. Thats my two cents, and let me tell you, a lot of the negative feedback on this game is a bit much, it CAN be enjoyed without struggle, so lay off it. And instead yell at ubi for shady business practices. Thats my two cents, hope I helped ya.Minor update: After many many more hours into this game, I can declare that it is the glitchiest and buggiest son of a b**** I've been able to both play and enjoy. I love this game to pieces, its so customizable you wouldnt believe it. And if you can get past a few things, you will too, granted it runs. I'll put it into perspective, the absolute worst bug I came across was that unless I started the game at minimum settings, a certain QTE section wouldnt let me complete it. And finding help wasn't too bad, theres plenty of people to talk to, one of the positive side effects of this game being buggy as sh**. That is all.TL:DR: This game is good, but you need to accept that not every second you're playing it will be fun. Helluva payoff when you rank up to legend with all gold star gear though."
76561198042502046,Not Recommended,289650,13984389,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,xXsosseslayer1Xx,"If you can even get the game to start without crashing, you will notice exactly how little Ubisoft gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥Uplay sucksThe new combat sucksArno is just a more uninteresting EzioThe system requirments are atrociously considering that the games textures are muddy as hell.Incredebly buggy, I highly doubt this was ever tested.Conclousion: Ubisoft, suck my♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198140964497,Not Recommended,289650,13002480,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Juicy Kisses,"Ok look, Ive never had any troble running steam games on my windows 8 but then i got this game......I just....Basically i cant even run the game, it runs so unbelevably slow that its unplayable, and yes ive tried many times to speed the fps by turing down the graphics and what not but it hardly helped, so i never really got to play the game. Im really disapointed this happed (not just cuz i lost 60 bucks) because i was looking farward to playing this game,but from what i heard the game inst so good anyway. Before u buy this game make sure you know this stuff so u dont lose ur money."
,Recommended,289650,25405358,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Brezz,"I love this game. The story, and graphics are really nice.The only problem is the parkour/free running systemcould use a little tweakingother than that, awesome game!"
,Not Recommended,289650,12940056,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Gp1assassin,I cant play the game God dammit plz fix it or refunt my money gaben
,Not Recommended,289650,12926752,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,naomha,"Running this game on anAMD FX 8350Dual 2gb Sapphire 6950sAsus Sabertooth 990fx Gen38gb Gskill Ripjaw1tb WD velociraptorIn Xfire I get 10-20 fps. Without Xfire I get only slightly better. Between falling in and out of the world, constant pop in and pop out of textures, crazy shennanigans of npcs around you, getting stuck in movements, hitting invisible walls, just NOPE, NOPE, NOPEUnity has, by far, been the worst released AC game I've ever experienced. Easily."
,Not Recommended,289650,30698242,Posted: 23 March,all,2Chenz,"Several hours into this game and I have to vote it down. Being an AC fan since AC1, this game just feels a little off. Often times the guy I am controlling is too dumb compared to the assassin's from previous games. He will run to all kinds of weird angles no matter what you press. He will not climb unless the angle and position is accidentally aligned with some unknown objects. It is also very hard to do a wall eject because the game just thinks that you press the wrong button and will assume that what you want is climb jump."
76561198058019360,Not Recommended,289650,19225842,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Cydon Prax,"Honestly, a year later the game is still fairly unstable with mediocre to poor framerates and some really graphical glitches in the helix missions that make the game unplayable at times. To top it off, the characters and story at least for me were just plain boring."
76561198071392286,Not Recommended,289650,12931727,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Sandwichman,"Boring, recycled content. Uninteresting characters, bland mediocre enviroment, glaring bugs. I bought this game as a faith buy to Ubisoft because I thoroughly enjoyed Black Flag, but Assassin's Creed: Unity is an unfinished, ugly, boring game.The main character, Arno, is a bland regurgitation of Ezio, the plot is narrow-minded and many times the characters will do things that are only done to further the plot.Paris is pretty, but any of the intricate beauty that AC:U has to offer is almost immediately stifled by the god awful control scheme and Arno's apparent desire to constantly examine walls up close, as 75% of the time I'd find myself forced to meticulously pry Arno away from a staircase,  picture frame, window, or too large a pile of gravel on the street, that he would be ever so desperate to cling to.Combat is unresponsive at best, the tools you're given to play with are boring and bland, and the 'immense' customization is relatively nil as regardless of how well equipped you are, all combat boils down to ""Spam Melee Attack -> Wait to Parry / Dodge -> Spam Melee Attack""They like to tout that you can approach missions from many different perspectives, but in reality you can't. Most assassination missions will be spent going through the motions of trial and error. Now, that may sound good, right? Figure out what works and exploit it, right? Wrong.Trial and Error here doesn't mean examining your prey, stalking them down, and slowly whittling their reinforcements before you deliver a final strike as it did in other AC titles, in AC:U it means figuring out which of the 2 to 3 clearly laid out paths to the target Ubisoft spent the most QA time on, and then desperately hoping that some random and unexpected bug, awful clipping, idiotic enemy, or any other design failure in this game doesn't rear its ugly head and force you to restart the mission again.I will give them one thing, Paris is huge and their famous fetch objects are a plenty. Unfortunately, the Parkour system in this game is so buggy, unresponsive, and sometimes even disobedient, that there's no joy to even gain from running rooftop to rooftop.I regret wasting my money on this obviously rushed and underdeveloped game."
76561198037385904,Not Recommended,289650,18490799,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,bmxlicious,"It would be a great game if it didn't keep crashing and glitching out at every turn. It's such a shame, but I guess these things happen when you rush a game out."
76561198086321822,Not Recommended,289650,12981486,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,ganboyl12,dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,289650,14096014,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ray76,"Could be a great game if it wasn't Ubisoft. Their games feel like a masterpieces which been 30-50% done and released. You will probably enjoy it if you have GTX770 or better gpu and if grab the game on sale. Otherwise you'll regret paying for it. Story is real сrap, there are lots of side missions and activity, but it's not really worth your time...For me it's something between ""ok"" and ""good"" with real bad optimisation. I'd give it 5/10."
,Recommended,289650,26518852,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,♕DEADASS♕,underrated game!
76561198074829744,Not Recommended,289650,12894976,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Black Shards,"Crashed 8 times in the start menu, never got anywhere else"
,Not Recommended,289650,12894823,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DiRtY.Ol'Gregg,Frame rate really low cant stand it so stupid for a new game been waiting for awhile. Something need to be done to this game for pc.
76561198072115604,Recommended,289650,24267088,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,wattchris6,"Briliant game, one of the best AC games out"
,Recommended,289650,25319260,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,SOSMOT,"Except the average story and release time bugs, this game is best AC in the series.Went to the heist mission with a noob, tried my best to sneak on rooftops. This♥♥♥♥♥goes knocking on front door. Gets his♥♥♥♥♥handed to him a number of times before deciding to quit.7/8 - ""watered down Dark Souls with parkour""PROS:Back to the roots of series after pirate simulator.Better graphics and parkour animation compared to syndicate.Very packed city with buildings close to each-other, making it a parkour playground.Combat is balanced, you cant buttrape entire army yourself it will happen otherway around, so more importance to stealth.side quests actually have some little plot and make sense.Co-op free roaming and missions.CONS:I have seen better story in AC fanfiction than this.♥♥♥♥ING LOCKPICKING MINIGAME.micro-transactions to get items earlier than you would normally get.While you can get the items via normal playthrough, this really is a greedy move and unfit to the franchiseGET THIS ON SALE AND MAKE SURE YOU HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY WITH. Random matchmaking is just everyone trying to look cooler."
,Not Recommended,289650,35040667,Posted: 18 September,all,iAmSuicidal,"Originally played on PS4 when it released, picked it up on PC to play with a friend.It's definitely changed for the better but is just unfixable at this point.Pros:- A beautiful huge city.- Very nice animation.- A fairly good story with nice characters.- Parkour is fun when it works.- Great RPG upgrade elements.- Loads of customization.- Good combat.Cons:- Still incredibly buggy even after multiple patches.- Miserable stealth gameplay.- Repetitive mission design.Lots of good about this game but even now I can't recommend because of bugs. It's a shame because this game is really good.7/10."
76561197965399173,Not Recommended,289650,12921146,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Blitzkrieg11B,Read everyone elses negative review and you will have a basic understanding of how I feel about this game.10/10 would knee Ubisoft in the crotch
,Not Recommended,289650,13006403,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,IM THE BONUS,"Aside ALL the crashing and lagging and skinless faces and ghosting issues that hopefully will be fixed in the NEAR future... its a blah game... scratch that is a disappointing game...The GoodOn the plus side, its beautiful, the cinematics OMG best of the best... if this was a movie ill give it 5 stars... however I like to play my games, not just zone-out for and hour doing mindless tasks and watch pretty videos... oh and you can use you xbox controller... thats about itThe Bad-No steam achievements- The combat is nerfed just smash the button and kill. you want special moves? cool you have one: parry when the flash lights flash press the A button and counter.. oh yeah... and you can do a berrel roll... thats it you get a fancy move (strong attack) later on the game, but no combos, no almost no variation to the (automatic) finishing moves or the striking just mash away-The stealth is nerfed (skyrim style) in 4 FUN levels1-""I just saw a dude in a suspicious looking white hood hanging from the window of the dude im supposed to guard.... naaa probably nothing”2-""Okey now I definitively saw a dude in a suspicious looking white hood duck behind that box a meter from me, better check it out without backup”3-""blaaaaa … Okey now I definitively saw an assassin in a white hood duck behind that box a meter from me, better stand closer and tell him what a little ♥♥♥♥♥ he is... without backup”4- “alert alert is here the guy they been telling us is here all available guards IN THIS ROOM or standing right next to me ATTACK!!!!!!... one at a time please” (you can use your very loud pistol and wont change a thing, the guys downstairs or outside wont even notice)-And finally the climbing.... oh god the “free ruining” is ridiculous spiderman will be jealous of this guy, is a freaking joke I tell you, climb a 6 meters bare white wall... no problem, leap from building to bulding just keep runing forward... that 90° angle roof is too steep... not for me!Im yet to fall to my death.... wanna climb the tallest building in the game, no worries grab a rubber band and wrap it around your controller and go get a drink at the k.... oh nevermind we are up there ...Im 30% done with the game im I was specking more of this game not less, Im an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ here, so I remember the days of assassins creed 1 2 and 3 when you needed to actually train to be able to jump during climbing, you needed a special blade to have more climbing reach, you actually had to press a button to jump, yes it was slower but it was much more meaningful, you knew that if you messed up on the distance or the anchor point, you will be falling, maybe not to your death, but centanly will hurt you needed to actually see where you were going, you got vertigo standing near an edge...I miss my old assassins creed I could go on  and on on the “open word” and how you can buy 3 bulding for the price of a shirt or a fancy sword cost as much as renovating a 3 story bulding cafe... but ill let it slide..."
,Not Recommended,289650,28937064,Posted: 2 January,all,Le Chat Est Noir,I would go back in time and punch myself in the face for buying this game.
,Not Recommended,289650,12894605,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Strap*D-OC-Style,Absolutely unplayable until a patch fixes the overwhelming plethora of bugs and performance issues plaguing this game.EDITFirst patch prioritizes fixing microtransactions above optimizing the game.  Horrible decision Ubisoft.
76561198059164438,Not Recommended,289650,12894715,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nic,"Terribly optimized, insanely glitchy, very dissapointing. I'm very upset with Ubisoft, I was excited to play this game with a few friends and have a good time, but all I got was this. Don't buy this game, spend your money on something else. There are games WAYYY better out there for WAYYY less money."
76561197993460900,Not Recommended,289650,12894791,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mr.Clever,"Dear Ubisoft,Here's the thing. Been a hardcore fan of the series AC since the first one.  Played them all several times.  Love what you have done with the ""feeling"" and attention to the actual game.  The textures and motion capture for the story scenes are incredible to say the least.Problem is, we all cannot play your work.  It's so laggy and stuttery that I had a hardtime enjoying Arno's first intro memory sequence.  I can tell that once the bugs are fixed, it will be a fun addition to the series.Of course I am mad right now and I am actually shocked at the state the game is in right now especially since the release was delayed to ""polish the product"".  I had even considered of upgrading to a shiny GTX 980 just to play this little beast, but I don't even that would help right now.  I feel that as a gamer with an i7 3770k, SSD, ASUS HD7970 and 16GB of Ram I assumed I could play on ""High"" settings, and also came to terms with the fact I would not play on ""Ultra"" settings.Yes it's quite fashionable and also lame to talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about your company, and I have always defended you against those over entitled neckbearded morons, but I am horrified at the state this game is in.  If I were you, I would be calling an emergency meeting with all my programmers and bug chasers and get out a series of fixes ASAP to recoup your reputation as a game company.Sincerely,Horrified Fan of AC"
,Recommended,289650,15013353,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,<3 Chetyre,"Controversial opinion time:  Assassin's Creed Unity is actually a pretty good game.  It's certainly not the best AC and it did have an awful launch, but now that the game has patched out all the major issues it's definitely worth a playthrough.AC: Unity got slammed at release, and rightfully so.  It was really hard to play the game for the first week or so due to really annoying bugs--falling through the world, getting stuck on objects, etc.  Performance was also bad, but I can't really comment on that considering my rig was well below the recommended specs, yet I could still average around 25-30fps.  Falling through the world (and other mission-ending bugs) were all patched after about a week.  By Christmas, nearly every bug was taken care of.  After Christmas, all companion app/initiates ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t was patched out.  That last part really disappointed me since I loved the companion app for Black Flag so much, and they took 3 steps backward with the Unity one, but I digress.  Microtransactions in the game made me shake my head, but they are completely ignorable.  If you actually bother to play the game past the first few hours it ends up like every other AC where in-game money is such a non-issue you almost wonder why it's a part of the game at all.  Seriously, do the Cafe sidequests (just like doing the Villa/City restorations in AC2) at the start of the game and you'll have more money than you know what to do with.So now that we covered performance issues, let's talk about the game.  Arno is a bland, inoffensive protagonist but I grew to like him by the end.  Elise was a likeable counterpart to Arno and I enjoyed the character development between them.  I also liked Arno's place in the story--for the first time since AC2, we're just some random cog in the Assassin machine.  There's nothing particularly special about Arno, he's just a dude who joined the assassins.  Unlike in Brotherhood-BF where our protagonist is the great charismatic leader, single handedly saving the brotherhood!  That story thread grew old after a while so I liked seeing Arno take missions from the leaders and get chewed out when he acted like a dumbass.  The Abstergo element in Unity is so pointless it might as well not exist, and the end to the game left a really bad taste in my mouth.  All that said the story was enough to keep me engaged through to the end.Gameplay-wise, the changes to the combat system are a welcome addition.  No longer is it just ""counter an enemy and then mash X until everyone is dead"".  The large variety in weapons is also a nice touch, although it is sad they removed the ability to disarm an enemy and use their own weapon against them.  Customizing your armor is also neat since it allows you to tailor-fit your skill perks to your preferred method of gameplay.  My one big grip about combat is that enemy riflemen do FAR too much damage and are WAY too accurate.  I would be ok with the damage they dealt if they attacked slower or missed every once in a while, but from the start->midgame one shot will almost kill you by itself.In Unity, we have the addition of multiplayer.  I have always liked the PVP multiplayer from AC since it is pretty unique.  Unity does away with that and adds in true coop for the first time in the series history.  I love how seamlessly it is worked in and the variety in the missions.  You can even free roam.  My one complaint is that the coop missions do not balance themselves if you choose to play them singleplayer, and in one specific case it can make a mission nearly impossible to do solo.Lastly, one of the big selling points for any AC game--running around historical cities.  Paris is huge with lots to explore and I never really got bored running around.  I could've done without so much of the minimap collectable vomit, but hey at least there is always something to see.  Side missions have a decent variety--I especially liked the Murder Mystery missions.Overall I think this game was judged too harshly.  Everyone is always quick to jump on the Ubisoft hate train (and rightfully so with how the game launched), but where does that put us now?  Almost every single major complaint about the game has been fixed or patched out by this point, but all you will see on the Steam reviews page are the original launch reviews and circle jerk one liners.  Not to mention, that even with how much those reviews berate the game and Ubisoft, almost all of them still show 30+ hours spent with the game.  Unity does so many things right that it's sad to see it get slammed for technical issues that could've been fixed before launch if they didn't rush to get it out for the holiday season.Do I recommend this game?  If you are a fan of the Assassin's Creed series, then a resounding ""yes"".  If you have a passing interest, I would say yes (although certainly wait for it to go on sale).  Give Unity a fair chance--it is not the same game today that it was last November."
,Not Recommended,289650,28984443,Posted: 3 January,all,Kruno,"As much as I love AC games, I just can't recommend this game.First of all, I like the story, ambient, graphics, parkour and everything but there is just too many bugs.I get that no game is perfect, and every AC game had some bugs, BUT THIS IS BUGFEST! :/NPCs are falling in the ground, bodies being twisted into unlikely poses, missing faces, etc.Im 8 hours into the game, and I tolerated the bugs just because I love AC, but now I can't even play the game.Every time I click ""continue button"" my game crashes. I tried every ♥♥♥♥ing fix there is and nothing helps.(EDIT: I've found a fix, you need to stay offline on Uplay, which is silly if you ask me)Also, I have decent PC (i5-3450 @ 3.5Ghz, AMD Radeon R9 270X, 10GB of RAM) and game runs on approximately 25 fps.Assassin's Creed Unity is still badly optimized!Don't get me wrong, I really love AC series, and in Unity story seems very interesting. Im not recommending this game because I don't want you to spend your money on something that has so much bugs and CTD, which if you want to fix, you need to stay offline on Uplay.If you want, grab it on sale, definitely not worth full price. Hope this helps."
76561198055685563,Not Recommended,289650,16138537,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Waaagh987,Does not ♥♥♥♥ing work
76561198084168981,Not Recommended,289650,12892632,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,RIP - Blocked :-(,"Rating: 6/ 10This game is beautiful with amazing buildings and animations been playing it almost for 4 hours, but most importantly the controls suck, probably one of the worst with this one. Another problem are the combat controls they are very painful and burdensome. The game frame rate drops so low 40 fps from ultra revolution. It's super constant, about 90% of the time. These problems make the game unplayable and horrible. I love assassins creed but this was a huge disappointment."
,Recommended,289650,14627482,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Fart of Presto,"Strange as it may sound, especially due to all the problems this title had at launch, it's close to being my favourite Assassin's Creed of all times!Sure, it can't compare to the overall greatness of AC: Black Flag or the story and character progression of Ezio in AC2/Brotherhood/Revelations, but it has what I enjoy the most about these games: A huge city.It also basically ignored things, everyone hates about AC games: Present day sequences and space angels.The story is the usual mumbo jumbo, it's a gigantic collectathon (I can't help but love this), action is fine and graphics are stunning if you have the hardware.I missed the stealth parts, but it kind of added to the gameplay that you needed to be careful where you took out the enemies, as you couldn't move the bodies anymore.The game has also received a bunch of patches that should take care of most, if not all bugs. I should mention that I only had 2 side missions bug out on me (triggering an event didn't happen) and a quick restart of the game fixed them, though I know lots of people have had really bad experience with all sorts of bugs and glitches.The most annoying part though, is Ubisoft insisting on players using the Initiates website and the mobile app to unlock everything ingame (website went offline after 2 months and unlocked rewards ingame, and app rewards unlocked for everyone after 4 months), and of course that there is absolutely no Steamworks integration.If you enjoy big open world games, definitely check this game out."
76561198061500388,Not Recommended,289650,12910005,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,thundy2000,"This game looked quite fun in all of the trailers and when they showed it off. The game is probably pretty good, but that would be if i could actually play it. The intro sequence constantly crashes, and ubisoft has done nothing."
76561198025397180,Not Recommended,289650,12895369,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Daemynd,"Horrible release. I have 16GB of RAM, an i7, 500GB SSD and this game will not even run long enough to get to the game menu. The only content I have seen is the boot-up videos, which run at 20 FPS. Unless this game is fixed, I will not be buying from Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,289650,12911574,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Engelrekt,I foolishly wasted my money on this game.  Poorly optimized and glitchy.Apart from that my system is garbage anyway and I shouldv'e known better.  So there goes my anniversary gift from my wife -_-
,Not Recommended,289650,12895507,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Legonaut,"I really wish this game was better than it is upon release, because right now with the fps drops at cutscenes, and randomly out in the open world, it is annoying to play. While the return of the old combat system makes it have an up there, spinning cameras and freezing/crashing causes it to be a pain to play. All in all, this game needed a month or two more for bug testing and optimization."
,Not Recommended,289650,22045933,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,"See You, Space Pumpkin🎃",Arno's iconic framerate
76561198069596789,Not Recommended,289650,12892493,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,AZhummerH2,This is a porformance review NOT GAMEPLAY REVIEW-Lacking many graphics options-Terible FPS on very high end PCs-Giant FPS drops all the time-Terrible FPS during many cut scenes (I go down to 15 at some points)-Crashes-Mouse acceleration-Mouse is very laggy on menus-Game freezes alot at random-Sound cuts out somtimes-Poor texture rendering-Item rendering popingand i have a 4k GAMING PC WITH MANY good fetures
76561198070109157,Not Recommended,289650,12893656,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,diddle bittle,i get like 10 frames
76561198084275418,Not Recommended,289650,12893920,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Epicfailurex2,"DO NOT BUY GAME!Its barely works at all. I made the mistake of getting the $90 gold edition and i can't even play it until they fix the game, as far as I can tell, most people are having a hard time with the game so you should save your money until they fix it. I'll change my review once these problems are fixed."
,Not Recommended,289650,12895389,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,VulcanJew,"Game runs like a fat kid looking for broccoli. I have an R9 270X and it won't stop lagging even with everything turned all the way down. Complete unoptimized garbage, hopefully they patch it soon.UPDATE: I upgraded to an R9 290 (something I was planning on doing anyway) with 4GB of VRAM and the game still runs like crap. I have to turn it down to 900p and most of the settings down or off and it STILL lags during fights, not full on pausing like before but the frame rate drops to single digits. Unaccpetable. It's a fun game, but don't buy it until the technical issues are fixed."
,Not Recommended,289650,12896201,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,☭N̴a̶y̸h̶a̶n̴z̸o̷☭,"I cannot say whether i reccomend this game because i have not even played it yet due to it crashing right when it is about to load the game, but my computer is right on borderline of minimum requirements but with an intel 4000 instead of an NVDIA graphics card, but i think the game will become less demanding once all the bugs are patched, so for now i will say don't buy this game."
,Recommended,289650,14661076,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,holy fuk,"This game was quite poor at launch, but since the last patch (Patch 5) it has become playable, and it a 10/10 game for me. The DLC was very good and I enjoyed it. I no longer have regret about preordering this game. Thank you Ubi for releasing a fixed game."
76561198071796360,Recommended,289650,35015724,Posted: 16 September,all,RetrogamerX,This game looks so gorgeous. One of the best and underated Assassin Creed games I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,289650,13079009,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Deplorable Panda,"Seriously disappointed in Ubisoft for their lack in quality control. This game seems like it would be enjoyable, but given that it crashes on me every 30-45 minutes even with the graphics all the way down I just cannot get into it. It is especially frustrating when I am mid-mission and I have to restart due to a crash.If you seriously want this game, wait until the new patches come out to fix the many, many issues with this game. Or else you'll just hate that you bought it.I'm done with Ubisoft. ACU is a middle finger to the fans."
76561198082359931,Recommended,289650,34813754,Posted: 8 September,all,John Key > Genghis Kahn,pros;elise is hotcons;elise and arno didnt bang8/10
76561197967354603,Not Recommended,289650,16442464,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Gokki,"Do not reccomend for AMD users, not optimized at all. bought it on sale, and cba to get refund from Steam for it.I have a powerfull gaming PC, using AMD, and framerate in this game and this game only is like 10fps which is horrible.On top of all, Ubisoft have the nerve to blame AMD for the low framerate and not their own incompability to program an 3d engine that works on all platforms. Shame on you Ubisoft!"
76561198203974844,Not Recommended,289650,13816809,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,HoodedSlayer67,"I have been wanting this game for a long time. When I got it, it wouldn't even load. Sometimes it would only make it to the title screen before it would crash. I spend two hours on the Dell phone line before I could actually got into the story. once I got into the game there were floating characters, faces wouldn't render and Arono would vanish form time to time. this game is not worth your money."
,Recommended,289650,19527698,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mic,At First Time You will see many bug and feel so badbut at this time almost bug had been repair and found a little bug onlyNow you can fun in French Revolution Era
,Recommended,289650,21684428,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,:(,"After 50 hours of game i really think this game is a good one, the beautifull of the city is hilarious even without the max settings, the ambientation is spectacular, all the people in the streets make the game an inmersive experience, i know this Assassins Creed is full bugged, but the patches really helped, and now is playable if you can carry some fps drops, but if you know what to touch you can really play with 45-60 fps. The secondary missions are really good, better than the other games of the saga, the nostradamus enigmas mission are really funny to play, some are hard to complete, but this is on of the reasons because i like the games, the murder mysteries are insane, is a really good idea and i want to see this in the next Egypt game :DThe history is okay for an Assassins game XD. There is no present history :(.And the last one thing i want to say is for the people that hate it for the performance and all the bugs should let him another chance and play more time :). I really want to see the 2017 game, i think they will make something cool with Egypt and i want more historyyyyyy!!"
,Not Recommended,289650,19550925,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,LN-Jeck™ ☕,"I've reserched on and everyone saids the bugs are done with.. at lest for me they are NOTPros:✔Outstanding graphics. One of the games that at least looks like next-gen game✔New Parkour Animations and new tactics✔Big and beautifully designed Paris of XVIII century✔New combat system,that makes the game a bit more challenging in a good way✔A lot of customization features. You can create your own unique assassin that can easily change how you playCons:✘Story made no sense and didn't make a point in anything for the assassin's rather then being a young rebel and thinks a templar is hot✘ XP system that shouldn't be even in and feels like I'm playing a RPG game✘New stealth system is good but about 75% of the missions you cannot stealth at all✘Controls are not comfortable. Arno is not responding to my commands correctly. He sticks to the walls not climbing into windows etc feels like the glitches in ACBF✘Skills system is so bad. You need to unlock skills just to throw money on the ground or sit on the bench. Really?✘Economy system mainly you have to use irl money to get any missions done so in reality this game is maybe $100+ even more if you get dlc's"
,Recommended,289650,18686413,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Serial Hacker,Well.... Can't say a thing but AMAZING
76561198078955853,Not Recommended,289650,14690949,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Socrates,"I love every AC game there is.but this one is unplayable!to mutch lagg, buggs and that stuff.I recomend every other one of the games but not this one.unless you have a new high-end pc, don't buy!"
,Not Recommended,289650,14379997,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Philippe Heroux,After playhing black flag this game was very dissappointing.
,Not Recommended,289650,14661748,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Kripz,"As this is one of the newest additions to the Assassin's Creed Franchise, I would have expected it to be a good game. To my surprise though, this game is HORRIBLE on the PC. It's not that bad on a PS4 or Xbox 1, it's just glitchy and frustrating on the Computer. I don't recommend anyone to waste 60 dollars on this pile of rubbish."
76561198025396426,Not Recommended,289650,14296364,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Rotten Muffin,"When I think about Assassin's Creed Unity I cant help but wonder why it doesnt have a beta tag on it. To be fair most if not all of the Assassin's Creed games on pc are pretty well optimized when compaired to ACU. Now since november many people have been having issues with ACU due to its incredably poor optimization from glitches like falling through the world to errors where you lose all of your save data (I am a victim to both). My pc is below the minimum system specs for this game and can still run it with some massive frame drops, but some people with reccomended specs or well above that cant even play the game. I love the Assassin's Creed game series and this one would probably had been the best yet if it didn't have the issues it does. Over all the game is fun but dont bother buying it on pc until its issues have been fully patched (don't expect a patch)."
76561198036760440,Recommended,289650,15135292,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,-RNGD-Jany06,"I played and no crashes no problems .Game work good, but I had everything on max. Gameplay is better than AC black flag I think. Maybe it´s same like AC III but in different time."
,Not Recommended,289650,14522387,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,VoltNick,I wish Ubi$oft would stop making DLC and FIX the game for people who don't spend $3000.00 on a computer to match the horribly optimized specs of this game. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,289650,14690486,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,HermetSmurf,"i want a refund ,if you want to play this game buy a 500$ ps4,becuase a 2.5k + computer dose not like the game and all it looks like now is that we are only going to be getting side updates a little tweak here and there, To this company PC is a waste of time witch is a shame for the computer becuase computers have better newer or even older and more powerfull  hardware yet to be utilized and not just for this game but many others aswell ,FML right..."
76561198117343432,Not Recommended,289650,14678841,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,this_doeb,Garbage.  Completely unplayable (delayed respons to controls including cursor in start menu).
,Recommended,289650,28621495,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ardh,Good Game
,Not Recommended,289650,12998437,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Shadowthehedgehog,way too buggy. don't buy unless the fix the plethora of glitches in this game.
,Recommended,289650,22227428,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Rogelio,"If you're wondering whether you should buy this or not, you should kill yourself."
,Not Recommended,289650,13807045,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,RicMurder | csgolive.com,"This game is playable either very well by some, or just unplayable for others. AS u guessed, im in the ""unplayable"" group. Its my first bought game on steam that i really regret buying and i am asking for a refund. I 100% recomend NOT BUYING the game."
,Not Recommended,289650,14225095,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SustinJoares,After 6.5 of stupid hours of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimized 3DS game i have been forced to never buy another Obisoft Game. Far cry 4 was even better.
,Recommended,289650,29766546,Posted: 7 February,all,arno dorian,<3 excited about co-op :)
,Recommended,289650,14911887,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Demi,"I wrote a long review but i just erased it.Patch 1.5 made the game VERY playable and it is a great game to enjoy.Graphix are fantastic, Main character is like-able. Voice acting is good. Gameplay is mostly good. Game does not hold your hand as much anymore, so no reminders when you are about to die or if you need to buy more bullets.I found small hiccups but they are very forgivable, like during free running it wouldnt let me jump down to kill myself until i tried to do it a few more times... Then surprisingly MC landed on a chair 50 feet down... still alive.People, please do not pre-order games or buy them on day one. I know this is very tempting to do but i have yet to see a gamer not get a game because he bought it a day after it was released.P.S. Just ignore ingame purchases, they are feeding of impatient players and if you buy it, you can blame only yourself."
,Not Recommended,289650,15369160,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Fletchmustdie,"Assassin’s Creed Unity is a bloated, unoptimized, frustrating, beautiful looking, buggy and ultimately boring mess of a game, that is only worth playing at a very deep discount.  I am running on a i5 2500k processor overclocked at 4.5ghz, accompanied with a GTX 780 Ti card, and 8 gigs of system memory.  I purchased the game on a Sale and after Update 5 so all my performance issues and bugs are found after many attempts by Ubisoft to fix the issues.First performance.   I ran everything at 1080p with max settings including the Nvidia special settings. The only thing that wasn’t maxed out was the AA which I turned off.  IMO the jaggies aren’t that bad in this game and I choose the extra performance over having the AA on.  Overall, I generally stayed above 45fps for most of the game with long moments of 60fps.  I would still say that the game has performance issues because 1)  The frame rate would bottom out at weird times, standing still.  One moment I am looking around getting 60 fps the next 15fps.  It would stay at a low frame rate for a few moments then go back up to 60.  In Cut scenes the frame rate would just plummet.  Not sure why, but it did.  My performance issues were annoying, but didn’t happen enough to me to totally give it a not recommend.  Just realize, it still has a few performance issues left but you can get through them reasonably well.2nd, the bugs, dear God the bugs.  I only ran into a couple game crashing bugs and a reload always fixed the issue.  I did have one incident where I completed a sequence successfully and when the game was finished loading I was put two sequences back (very weird).  Really though, the biggest issued are all the bugs with animations, with yourself and with the environment.  I once ran across the sky, killed several people without my character moving, and I even had a moment where the last boss just stood there doing nothing.  There are so many little bugs that it takes away from the third point.Third the game is just beautiful and detailed.  Assassins Creed games have always had this and Unity takes it to the next level.  Paris during the French Revolution is something to behold, from the large crowds of people (which I didn’t see as a negative), to running around on Notre Dame.  It is a shame there is so many bugs in the game because it really is distracts from the beautifully realized world that was created.Finally my biggest issue is that for a game packed with so many things to do it is ultimately boring.  I found myself powering through the last few missions just so it would be over.  Paris has so many collectibles and side missions that it is a bit overwhelming.  Sadly most of it does nothing for you, and is just filler for filler sake.  The main story line is also equally boring with most missions to be tedious or just plain blah.  There are a couple of interesting things to do like the murder investigations which are different and fun.  The final story mission was also quite good until it ended.  But the rest of it was just take it or leave it.Really that is the biggest flaw of the game.  At this point the game is playable if a bit annoying, all of that I would have overlooked if it was actually an interesting assassin’s creed game.  There are good parts, don’t get me wrong (The Marquis De Sade parts were my highlights), it is just that there are so few of them.    I also hated the fact that it didn’t really add anything to the overall Assassin’s Creed modern story drama.If you are a fan of the series, I would say hold off for a 75% off.  There is too many issues and frankly too boring and uninteresting to say otherwise.  If you are looking for a Assassin’s Creed II (My personal pick for best in the series), this isn’t it."
,Not Recommended,289650,17632900,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Saturnine,"This game was (in my opnion) the worst AC game i've played, it is literally filled with bugs, as sometimes it really felt like i couldnt even click one button without the game bugging and requiring me to restart to last checkpoint. Some of the gameplay mechanics were also very badly made, such as every enemy in the game having a pistol, although when you kill and loot them, not even the snipers will have any ammo for your pistol, and onther enfuriating meachanics such as that.On the good side, the game has plenty of variety for your characters customizations, allowing you to customize each piece of your outfit, with each different piece giving you some sort of bonus, so that was a good mechanic ( taking away the part where to unlock some of said pieces of clothing you are forced to do coop mission). I really enjoyed how this game allowed you to pick what kind of weapons your character uses, letting you pick between one handed weapons, long weapons and heavy weapons. The storyline is decent too althoughTHe ending is TERRIBLEThe bad sides to this game greatly out number the good ones. So end of the line is: This game isnt God Awful, but it Definitely is NOT worth the cost."
,Not Recommended,289650,16866430,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Pipro,"I'm a real fan of Assassin's creed, and i'm always passionate about every serie I love. I can love almost everything (FF13 and cie, for example)... but... this game... just no. The gameplay inovations are good and Paris is beautiful (even with the bad graphics I have to use because this game is so demanding), but this is all that I can find enjoyable. Honestly, I've never given a bad review to a game, but this game have so many glitches, bugs, I question if it was even tested before its launch... even after the patches, crashes, getting block on nothing, fraquent server problems and one F**KING near impossible QTE. This is my first dissapointment in the series, and it even make me douct about buying Syndicate."
76561197978153607,Not Recommended,289650,14613901,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Powered by *Nix,"Last time,  I buy a Ubisoft game. They laugh at PC gamers everytime they release a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥like this.The optimization for PC is really bad.I got  a FX-8350 OC @ 4.7ghzAsus R9 270XRunning on Windows 8.1I know that Ubisoft recommend an R9 290 for this but it doesn't make sense that you can't play the game over 30 FPS when you have already lowered some of the ressource consuming settings!But the story is nice."
76561198050458416,Not Recommended,289650,14271285,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,FunKenGReuvEN,"This game came out back in November and it's still hosed. It's now 2015 and I haven't seen a patch for this game in some time, so I guess this is the best it will ever perform. It's basically unplayable due to frame rate drops and stuttering. I've never seen a game that bounces between 90 FPS and single digits constantly. You have to drop the quality settings well below what you would normally have to in order to acheive playable framerates, just to overcome the FPS drops and stuttering. It's really a shame as it's obvious the developers went to great lengths to make a game that is visually stunning; it's just a shame the frame rates jump around like a syphilitic pole cat..."
76561198069219505,Not Recommended,289650,14372518,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Cptnobeard,Game is good Ubisoft is EFFIN SH*T lost all my save´s like all other games
,Not Recommended,289650,14304238,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Bladey,"Literal♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wouldn't go as far as to say it's worse than any other assasin's creed game though. They are all pretty damned horrible. And they all have the same game breaking crap. I absolutely love getting stuck on a stool or some♥♥♥♥♥♥or not being able to unstick myself from cover without literally charging headfirst at the opposite wall crashing into it, passing out, and allerting every guard nearby in a mission that REQUIRES absolute stealth...nevermind when you WANT to play a stealthy assasin. Of course you can just run around gunz or swords blazing and no one will ♥♥♥♥ing see you anyway. All you have to do is turn a corner or ring around any object taller than your crotch and stab a guard in the back. Rinse and repeat untill all guards dead. Only AC fanboys (yuck...I don't even consider them human) are going to like this game because it is The. Exact. Same. Nothing has changed. Including a god awful story with really weird graphical glitches in the cutscenes. (I don't know how it is for other settings but on Ultra the hair is literally alive and independent of the character and will have seisures...quite randomly...freaks me the ♥♥♥♥ out. Oh and people pop in and out of existance or walk in place creepily) They did manage to add more pains in the♥♥♥♥♥however. It seems the free running is even worse. You can't carry a rifle and a melee weapon at the same time...so instead I used my shiny new rifle as a club...thus clearly preserving the integrity of my equipment oh mighty assasin master. Honestly...the first one was good because prior to it, no one roleplayed in a game as a badass assasin in a free world...and the whole ""this is a memory not real life!"" was kinda unique and fun. Everything afterwards was The Matrix Reloaded. A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sequel that some wanted, that most smart people thought was going to suck, that didn't do anything BUT♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed entirely..."
76561197986120243,Not Recommended,289650,14372073,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Xorlog,Been a big fan of the AC series but this game is simply unplayable for PC.  Terrible port..  Frame rate is bad even on medium/low settings on a good machine.  Even on low the game hiccups occasionally...  Nothing like running away from someone only to have the game skip and suddenly you are facing the wrong direction.VERY disappointing experience overall.  It is unlikely I will be buying another AC game.
76561198209779272,Not Recommended,289650,14633848,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Ghost翔,"i5-4440 3.1GHz,16G RAM,NVIDIA GTX760Why does my game progress can not be saved?Why there is always cloudy when I get into the room?Why these problems can not be solved?I used to AC series,but now it has disappointed me!"
76561198064462153,Not Recommended,289650,16575725,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rikki Tikki Tavi,Game glitched.Game became unbeatable.Searched online for a way to fix it.Fixed it.Played a while.Game glitched again.Game became unbeatable AGAIN.Took the hint.Uninstalled game.10/10Would glitch again.
,Recommended,289650,17922776,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,♔ℓ٥ﻻ ﻉ√٥υ♔,awesomeness
76561198000128644,Not Recommended,289650,16611854,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Fadedline,"I really wanted to like this game, as I every every Assassin's Creed game before it, but...... There is no forgiving the CONSTANT crashing. My comp can handle Black Flag with 60+fps on moderate settings, but then Unity on the lowest possible setting I run maybe 5 frames and crashed over a dozen times just trying to complete the first introductory mission. There should honestly be refunds for this game, or at the very least a complete graphic overhaul and re-release, free to those who have already bought the game, to make the game actually playable. I am highly disapointed by this trash."
76561198119199608,Not Recommended,289650,16572739,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,nschultz721,Did not ever get to play this game because whenever I opened this game it would say acu.exe stopped working. So I ended up wasting money on this game.
76561198017502361,Not Recommended,289650,28352081,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,guyan_de,"ok main plot nothing great could care less about the charaters. Like the murder mystery side missions alot moregreat graphics but not dynamicbut the performance isn't great (running a gtx980 with a i7 6850k - 32GB RAM) and constant crashing about the sequence 5/6 mark makes it pretty bad, but if you stick to the main story missions the game seems to be fine but if your exploring the city (which is oddly fun just running around) the game doesn't want to work.Also the upgrade system is kinda annoying to the end. Further content locked behind co-op isn't great if you want to play this game solo.disclaimer haven't finished the game yet (doing all the side missions - causing a lot of crashing)"
76561198030060376,Not Recommended,289650,14408140,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,KBZYN,"I started to play assassins creed years ago back then it was ac 1 or 2 not sure. Well I loved black flag. I think it is one of the better ac games. But unity just was not as good, worse than all othergames imo"
76561198054743531,Not Recommended,289650,17041232,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,El Jefe,"Assassins Creed Unity has really dissapointed gamers. At first I thought that all the bugs and framerate issues couldn't be that bad, so i bought it. Worst. Mistake. Ever. At first, the game seems fairly good. You start in a sort of tutorial mission which teaches you most of the mechanics. Then you become an novice assassin and start with some weak gear. You then look at all the things you can customize. Cool! Not really. Most of the items you will probably never acquire throughout the game, due to lack of steady income, unless you fully renovate the Cafe Theater. The main storyline was actually okay, probably one of the only good aspects of this game. I remember the game bugging me and saying that i should upgrade my gear before I started a quest. Yeah, thanks game for reminding me that I have to get better gear with money that I don't have. Paris Stories were awful. Literally no different from one another. Go steal something, go assassinate one guy in the streets etc. ONE GUY. Come on Ubisoft, at least make the paris stories even slightly more interesting or different. You won't come back to this game once the main storyline is finished. Why? because there is absolutley nothing to do. Multiplayer is empty. No-one plays it, so you can forget about that feature entirely. Any side quest there are is usually drab and boring. Overall this is a game which can probably keep you occupied for a short period of time. Its definitely not worth the money. Go get Black Flag and save some money for another game. Seriously its a real shame that the newest AC game is so terrible."
76561198036649473,Recommended,289650,16293275,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,RedEye,"got the game when it was on sale, have to say, i was surprised i did not have many issues with the game. im using a i5-4690, GTX 960 8gigs ram. played on 1440p high to ultra 30+ fps smooth no lag. have to say i love the main story right up untill the end. combat was fun and quests were good. one of my favorite assassins game :)"
,Not Recommended,289650,16296064,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,supermrdoctorwho,"On PC even now I find it is a glitchy and buggy mess. The only way I suppose play it is if 1 you had a good PC and 2 you don't connect to the internet if you aren't interested in the co-op as being connected causes Framerate issues as of the time of this review.The game should seem innotive. Though it really isn't. Arno is Ezio 2.0 exept Arno doesn't have to rebuild the brotherhood like Ezio did. Exept the Brotherhood seems to be contempt with waiting out the revolution while all having a circle jerk. AKA brotherhood wise not the most rich story. The Templars... Aren't really fighting the Assassin's, Rather with... Themselves. A lot of the parts where you are sent to more modern versions of paris make decent ""mini-games"" and a break for your PC so that you give it a break in its punishment for giving you information to the NSA/FBI/CIA etc...Though I try not to give games Numerical rating as I think they are meaningless giving a number to how well I likled something but If you held up a gun to my head and forced me or worse made me play this game I would give it a:6/10Interesting concept but I'd buy it on sale and not make the same mistake as myself when I bought it in 2014 for £44.99 which I learned was a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of A LOT of my god damned money"
76561198050248556,Not Recommended,289650,16196332,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Wildereece,This game is so patheticly optimised for pc. it should not have been released. poor job on Ubisofts part
,Recommended,289650,14928124,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,The Boops,"Maybe I'm lucky because I didn't play this at launch, but I'm not having ANY of the issues the other reviewers are describing.  Smooth framerate at ultra-high settings.  No glitching or game breaking scenarios yet.  I think this is honestly becoming my favorite in the AC series."
,Recommended,289650,16302617,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,MisleadingBanana,"I honestly liked this game a lot, however it did have its glaring flaws (as do most Assassin's Creed games that are the first to utilize new engines). A lot of buzz was going around about how buggy this game was, but for me, it was very rare for me to experience and issues, and when I did, they were pretty minor. The graphics were pretty damn good compared to every other AC game aside from the render distance being pretty wonky at times. It seems a lot of people complained about this game not running well on their PC, but honestly, just disable ambient occlusion and anti-aliasing and set everything else to either high or very high. My computer never dropped below 60 fps when I disabled these two options and I never noticed a difference in the visual quality from doing so. For those who may be interested, I'm using an i5 cpu with an nvidia geforce GTX 770, so my pc isn't exactly a super tank, but it's definitely not bad either.With that aside, the main plot of the game was decent enough, the mechanics were smooth as hell and it felt great climbing and fighting, but I felt the stealth was quite unforgiving and it seemed like no matter what you did most of the time, you were eventually going to get caught because of there being a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of guards that you can't kill without being spotted. I attempted to 100% this game, but I eventually gave up for two main reasons: some of the coop missions were batshit hard if you attempted them solo, and to be able to see where all of the collectibles, missions, etc. in the game are, you have to buy it with Helix points. You eventually earn all the Helix points you will need for finding all the objectives if you play the game, but no more than that. Once you earn them, you can't earn any more, and if you spent any of them on anything else, then you'll have to start all over if you don't want to purchase any Helix points. I really don't agree with this business practice. Easily the worst aspect of the game.Either way, the campaign was interesting enough to keep me wanting to know more about what happens and the difficulty in combat was amped up by quite a bit, which I personally enjoyed. It actually gave you insentive to get really rich to get the best gear possible so that you can fight those higher level guards with more ease. One GIANT problem though with the combat: the snipers positioned on the roofs are overpowered as all hell. They shoot you without warning, are undodgeable, and you die in around 4-5 shots with the best possible armor and almost fully upgraded health. Overall, it's a pretty good game that I think is underrated by a lot of people."
76561198121252930,Not Recommended,289650,12885290,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Swagetti & Memeballs,frame rate gave me ebloa
76561198130558110,Not Recommended,289650,14118717,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Swampert,"For all people with average pc's, STAY AWAY! This game is not worth the money spent on it unless you have great graphics cards and large amounts of RAM to dedicate to this. I wasted $40 on rhis game, thank god i at least saved $20 on this crap. Im upset with the devs for making this game so challenging to run. If i could get a refund i would, but steam sucks this way."
76561198140998030,Not Recommended,289650,14113352,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,cbungay,"It took me 5 days to download this game and when I finaly get to play it it does not work! theres glitches, bugs and the game is so slow its unplayable. WHAT DID WE EVER DO TO YO UBISOFT"
76561198014299149,Not Recommended,289650,14111862,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,BeonXVI,"The graphics is amazing, and storyline is pretty cool, with a lot of historical  appropriate events and references in the gameplay, and I would love to enjoy the beauty of this game, had it not been......so EXTREMELY laggy!Using my Samsung Gamer 7 laptop from 2012 with its nVidia GTX 675M GPU, it is in fact below the minimum requirement to run the game in that respect (with game requirement of an nVidia 680M at minimum). I did expect to have to downscale the graphics a little to make gameplay a little smoother, as I did on Assassins Creed IV Black Flag. But this is just too silly, as my laptop fulfills all other requirements in terms of performace, with an Intel i7 3610QM CPU, 16 GB RAM, as well as 1TB SSD. Even downscaling everything to minimum/off it was still lagging, as if it only had 10 fps. The other game had far superior performance and smoother gameplay."
,Not Recommended,289650,17284275,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,✪ fan-iwnl-,"same old same old ubisoft, cant run the game on PC without it having good specs. thumbs down for me :p PS; no offence to ubisoft you guys make amazing games but in terms of graphics wise you guys messed up."
,Recommended,289650,20913119,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Matrix,"Really loved this game.Graphics are very awesome and visually stunning.The animation of characters are just one of the best I've ever seen.Didn't have any lag issues (version 1.05)It's the first AC game where the economy is quite decent. Throughout the whole playthrough I always had the need to have as much money as possible in order to buy armor or weapons.The main story is more about the main characters than about the AC universe and I did enjoy it.Finally all the locations are inside the city and you don't have to wander around in woods or other wild locations. Like in AC III or Black Flag.This game is the closest AC game ""feeling-wise"" to AC II, so it was like a fresh air for me, because I really liked Ezio as the main guy.The only thing I disliked is that the game leaves you with that empty feeling all the time, because something is missing. And I can't understand what's missing. It just feels like it.Overall, I had a blast playing it from start to finish. And all the completionists will have another ~20-30 hours of gameplay, because there are lots of side activities in this game. LOTS."
76561198026601979,Not Recommended,289650,13050841,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Hecanof,"I can't even get in the game because of theACU.exeproblem. I bought the game about 3 days ago already and I'm going crazy because IREALLYwant to play...Ubisoft, fix this ♥♥♥♥ing game please!!"
,Recommended,289650,26746471,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Pim #Baby Mario,A true next gen title by ubisoft if they were given more time and not rushing to release and optimized game this would be one of the best looking and performing Assassin creed titles to date the only bugs I have found are minor I did not play this game at launch so I didn't have any of the issues that most experienced  at 4k on a single card Titan X my fps average is 50-70 fps I will come back to this game later and play it at 5k to test sli performance Unity is similar to the more traditional Assassin creed games so I recommend playing Assassin's creed 2 as it has one of the best stories out of the entire series then move on to Assassin's creed syndicate and unity  well worth the purchase triple A experience movie quality cutscenes and voiceovers dialogI prefer Unity's ending over Syndicate but both games are excellent and worth playing. Assassin's creed unity has co-op so if you like playing with friends Unity is the one for youGraphics: 10Story: 9Voice Dialog: 10Replayability 8Sound: 10Gameplay: 8Co-op Surprised me 9Controls Keyboard Mouse: 6 can use some workSLI Support: 10
,Not Recommended,289650,18456113,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,sick brain'xD,BuG BuG Bug RIP
76561198044057399,Not Recommended,289650,18515263,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Zephyr041,"I've played every Assassin's Creed game up until this point, and simply put, this is NOT an Assassin's Creed game. Not even close. Without any doubt the first.... easily two hours of gameplay had me utterly lost. I was completely disinterested in the entire storyline before the freaking credits even rolled, which might I point out, is nearly an hour of fluffy, pointless gameplay that involves sneaking around guards to get into a party, flirting with girls for no apparent reason, stealing♥♥♥♥♥♥for no apparent reason, and just generally useless filler gameplay. I have never been more disappointed in an AC game until now, and I faithfully worked my way through even AC3 without much complaint, but I'm sorry, as AC games go, this is a pure and utter failure. Save your money and wait for Syndicate."
,Not Recommended,289650,18869201,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,_NeverGrow,"It's mildly fun, but like other AC games after 3 the story just fails to keep me interested. Coudln't even finish it because I got bored."
76561198015662042,Not Recommended,289650,20019137,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,jmorris108,"- Way, way, WAY too many worthless side quests and activities. It's all time-wasting padding to disguise the lack of a compelling main story arc. The little jumps to different time periods are weird, pointless little arcade diversions. The main story is boring and predictable, and the main character (Arno) is devoid of charm or depth.- The ""leveling"" system is confusing; there isn't really a coherent EXP tracking system, but quests have a ""recommended"" level. Perks and abilities are buried in a bewildering stack of sub-menus.- The controls are clunky and feel like a step back from games like Black Flag. Switching weapons is difficult, and the dynamic abilities that change based on your proximity to an enemy, such as melee vs. assassinate are clumsily handled ... I have hidden blades selected and try to make a stealth kill, only to punch the guy instead, alerting the guards and failing the quest.- I've played all the AC games, and I've never seen an AC with more arbitrary and frustrating quest restrictions (don't be seen or the quest fails, don't kill anyone or the quest fails, etc.) They're just there as a pacing speed bump, not because there was a compelling story-related reason for them, and it feels forced and speaks of lazy quest design ... ""let's forbid you from using all the hard-earned weapons and abilities that would be most useful for this quest, and make you complete it like a noob, stumbling through crowds and past guards to kill some guy like you never made it past level 1, because we, the developers, were too lazy to find a more natural way to make quests more challenging.""I never bothered to finish this game, and I never will."
,Recommended,289650,31871748,Posted: 20 May,all,Wilef,"Hon hon hon, Oui Oui cut of your head with a guillotine.c'est bonbut its really not"
,Not Recommended,289650,12958319,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Keppi,Assassin's Creeds ports to pc were never too good but this one is the lowest they have gone. This game suffers from fps problems. Would not recomend buying this title just now if you dont have a 780 ti or better graphic's card. The day one patch was released one day later then it should have been released. The patch fixed cut scene fps drops but the gameplay fps is still a bit wonkey. Had to turn AA off and graphic's to high with my TITAN. Story is intresting atleast to this point but a little bit predictable at times. When they fix the fps  problems then I would recommend this title but until then I would pass.
76561198098916941,Not Recommended,289650,29368758,Posted: 19 January,all,XXXRichardspencer,"Ridiculously bad port. Poor optimization, bugs, and the game itself is probably my least favorite in the Assassin's Creed franchise. The story and new controls just did not work well."
76561198329793966,Recommended,289650,28543041,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jack The Ripper,it is good
,Not Recommended,289650,28999927,Posted: 4 January,all,【Silent Rosier】,"released 2 years already and this game still have frustrating problemsI recommend this to all Windows 10 users, DO NOT BUY this crap if you won't stress out and waste your bucks"
76561198153555519,Recommended,289650,28091147,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Basilisk,good game
,Recommended,289650,29599350,Posted: 30 January,all,PirateDrake,"I have definetly enjoyed this game, Although unlike AC IV, the controls are better, you can modify your character's fighting style, (Which admittedly, is awesome) and It's graphics are better, it can't beat AC IV or most of the other AC games. If you are thinking, ""Hey, Unity is newer, so that means it is better right?"" Nope, I have just saved you 20 bucks, go buy Black Flag you bloody ♥♥♥♥♥♥, your welcome. Unity's map is confining, and after the campaign, and a few other missions, it gets old real fast. The bugs are mostly fixed, but I have come accross a few that resulted in my having to restart the game.8.5/10 I would only buy this on sale"
76561198064733623,Not Recommended,289650,28920413,Posted: 1 January,all,matthewhood24,"Absolutely infuriating gameplay.It is beautiful though, after reconfiguring my NVIDIA Control Panel settings because the in-game settings make it glitchy (even though I have an i7 and GTX 970).Get used to dying because you're character is, at times, unresponsive; or perched on a chair, surrounded, and unable to leap away. Or, avoid fights altogether to keep your blood pressure low.I wish I had a least bought this on physical media, so I could maybe have the satisfaction of breaking the the disc and throwing it away."
76561198271570244,Recommended,289650,29499108,Posted: 26 January,all,T--BONE,"Assassin's creed, my creed. Couple of years has passed, but till now you are still my favorite. The passion and spirit you gave me light up my hole life. Noting is true, everything is permitted!"
,Recommended,289650,27995009,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RedMage,"I really thought this one  would be fantastic but after you play it, it seems that they didn't put to much time to create this game...there are a lot of bugs...but still i like it because its finally happening in the city during french revolution...6/10"
,Recommended,289650,29106757,Posted: 7 January,all,M'aiq the Nigga from Elsweyr,'tis pretty good
,Not Recommended,289650,29213780,Posted: 12 January,all,Drunk Rip making fondant bows,"It unacceptible that a multi billion dollar company like Ubisoft though it would be a good idea to release the game is state. The glitches, frame drops, and visual bugs are one thing, but the controls are the worst that I have ever seen in a game."
,Not Recommended,289650,20578718,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Mburg Danny,"Bought it on sale in a bundle. Probably the most frustrating game. In substance, it has a lot to offer in innovation over the series. New weapon types make for a good way to change things up for different play styles, the armor customization is nicer than picking recolors from previous games. The new freerunning, in theory, is a good idea for control. However, the game is a complete botched job.The combat is ruined by the fact that block queues can appear off screen thanks to the horrific camera, blocks don't work reliably, some enemies will do a dodge roll and the game really doesn't know how to handle Arno's swings during this (like randomly swinging his weapon in the opposite direction without any player control) and enemies will cheat- and by cheat I mean throw rocks, which is unblockable and random damge, back up two feet and shoot you (which is broken beyond belief in several ways), and sometimes gain an inexplicable instant kill move against the player (I had 5 diamond gear and full health and managed to get impaled randomly with no queue over a guards head. Thanks, Ubisoft.)The freerunning, which brought, in concept, some amazing additions to control on how you scale the world around you has ups and downs and is for the most part rough around the edges. There's controlled falling, which basically makes the game ""intelligently"" descend a building. This works for the most part and is actually the most polished part of this game. It has only caused me two issues; one time it straight up threw me off a roof and killed me; the other instead of falling off the Sync point and into the haybale, the game tried to reverse scale the building and just made it frustrating (maybe making the two have the same keybinds/controls was a silly idea?)The setting is a special one for me. In high school I was on an academic team and the year's topic was the French Revolution. It's a really exciting piece of history that in all concepts makes sense for Assassin's Creed. It works. The game, however, doesn't use it for♥♥♥♥♥♥ They basically employ two factions of guards, one of which doesn't make too much sense to be around, especially in the innumerable amounts they are. The time period barely comes into play other than muttered French and name drops - at the beginning of the game you break out of jail with your newfound Assassin mentor, so they just logic it that you're breaking out of the Bastille.The story even has an exciting arc to it. This isn't really a spoiler because it's discovered in the first hour and isn't even a ""plot twist."" Arno's love interest, Élise de la Serre, is clever, witted, and happens to be the descendant of the Templars, while Arno a descendant of Assassins. This is an amazing setup to a story, because which ever way it is spun it can be an exciting play of events and lead to an interesting story. Instead, the writers decided that this comes up every so often (and by every so often, I mean a couple times after introducing it) and place this on the backburner, while making you focus on the most boring dialogue ever with the Assassin's Bureau, where they try and nonchalantly sneeze out exposition of the history occurring around them.WHYThis game got♥♥♥♥♥♥for the graphical bugs on release and it's nothing important to note, other then the fact that it's still an unstable mess with texture popping almost a year after their final patch.Overall, this game made me sad to see like this. It had all the potential, but something killed it. I don't even want to finish it because it feels like such a chore, where other games of the series were an adventure."
,Recommended,289650,17251194,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,♥NightlyDark♥,"Like Assassin's Creed 3,I feel like they were testing out the new system but it failed so it turned out to be a disappointment but this game,graphically and gameplay wise,is the most fun I had since black flag."
,Recommended,289650,27502801,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RazorShadow,Very cool game bros :)
,Not Recommended,289650,14084012,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Apex Cataclysm,"What a waste of money doesnt run on laptops yet no where does it say that it is not laptop compatible, and for laptop graphics cards it is not supported. Like tell me that before I buy it, what a waste of money, and sadly people told me this was a good game."
,Recommended,289650,27893271,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,モンデー・チューチュ,Do not install if ur pc can't handleTyvmAssassin's Crood Unitoor
,Not Recommended,289650,16904646,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,TomaGoochie,"Just reopened the game after 3 months of not playing it. Still runs like garbage on High to low settings. The max framerate I was able to achieve was 39 fps. with an I7 4770, Nvidia gtx 670 graphics card and 16gbs of ram. This is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,289650,16568113,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sir Dovahkiin,"Assassins' Creed: Unity has great gameplay.  It has been improved in almost every way from other Assassin's Creed games in combat, character customization, a true stealth mode, etc.There are many graphical glitches, though.  While it is beautiful, there is so much pop-in and stuttering that it is obvious the game wasn't fully optimized.  These graphics issues can also easily cause ridiculous bugs.  Another downside are the microtransactions, which have their place, and it isn't here.I, unlike most, will still recommend this game.  Look past the bad design choices and graphics problems (and bugs, if you can), put Uplay in offline mode, and play it like any other Assassins' Creed game.  The gameplay is great, but it needs some toleration of a terribly unoptimized and buggy engine to be enjoyed.  I used to hate this game; I learned to look pst its flaws, however, and now I actually enjoy it."
76561197968524231,Not Recommended,289650,14430677,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,FrizzleFry,What a mess! next time i read the forum-critics before dumping 60 bucks via steam!A shame to release a game unfinished and not playable!!!
76561198215652784,Recommended,289650,23867892,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DoT.Ninja,"my frames per second are terrible i dont know how to fix it. ever since a week ago every game i play exits and i have to click on it to go back in. im stuck on one mission forever becuase bellac falls through the world.when i played on ps4 it was fine. now it stinks. if anyone has a solotion please tell me.its a great game and my favorite assassins creed, but it just doesnt work"
,Recommended,289650,23917903,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Pawn,"Despite all of the complaints about Unity and its performance issues, I found it to be a great game, with a historically accurate (more or less) environment, likable secondary characters, and a breathtaking, utterly gorgeous environment. THe character customization and RPG-like (ish) progression also were some of the brighter points of Unity, and the Co-op portion of the game was a successful influence on my immersion ingame. I will also say that the Templar-Assassin fiasco never ceases to enthrall me in the ageless, long-fought war between order and freedom.My main gripe with Unity is that the main character, Arno Dorian, had so much untapped potential, and the writers of this game failed to take advantage of what could have been the next Ezio Auditore. I would liken Arno's story to ACII, where Ezio is just starting to become an Assassin. Their stories are similar, and yet Arno's story was shortened into one game, and his character was rather bland, providing no motivation towards relating to the character in any possible way.I built my first PC to play this game. It was worth it."
,Not Recommended,289650,30936176,Posted: 3 April,all,SOT LAGANI EHH // hellcase.com,"What happens when a game franchise takes itself so seriously? You get mess like AC Unity. Clunky controls, time lag between button press and action, whiny duckfooted protagonist, etc. One of the worst addition to the AC series. The story is good though (one of the main reasons I played it). Worth buying while it is on sale."
,Recommended,289650,17147560,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,husainsiddiq,Awesome Game.Graphics and Gameplay.Qudos Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,289650,15308025,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Madfireshot,This game ruined the series for me. Do not buy unless you want another reason to commit suicide.
76561198069741219,Recommended,289650,22138112,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,gerald_wicked,"ACU seems to gotten it's share of the peverbiel ♥♥♥♥♥torm.but i don't see why the gameplay is tight, the story might be a little dry but at least it's there.also where are all these glitches and bugs i keep hearing about, i haven't seen any. sure there's the one or two bug, but nothing gamebreaking like people keep saying online.the only glitch i found seemed to intentional.and just look at all costumisation options."
,Recommended,289650,19155297,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,jeeganboy,"Even though people said the game was glitchy, it was still an assassin's creed game that will revolutionize and help future assassins creed games better (Syndicate). Just finished it and it was fun. The coop was fun except for the people that decides to afk, but there was always an option to play alone which I prefered. The story was well made; all history characters were like the things i did try learning in history classes. knowing that there were some glithches that are going to pop up, it didnt stop me from playing it. i didn't bother trying to get any micro-transactions and hack in the op equipments, but still i got through it by looting. Near the end I didn't have enough money to buy consumables but that lead me to be more sneaky. That's hard considering that I play merciless. So far though i love to give this a game thumbs up."
,Recommended,289650,27596131,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,(Ω)Spatz76,"uplay gets getting me, otherwise the game was pretty okay7.9/10"
76561198091860109,Not Recommended,289650,13205402,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Slushbob6,"Even after the releace of Patch 3, my ACU on my PC is still running like absolute CRAP! Probably about 1-2 FPS and about 5 on a good day. Ubisoft royaly failed on this game releace. I made a HUGE mistake buying this game for the price it is. I have always supported the AC series and loved the games, but Unity makes me doubt... I cant beleive Ubisoft was capable of such a fail. Even though they are giving everyone the DLC for free, I dont really care... I just want my $60 back. I really had my hopes up for Patch 3, but once again, Ubisoft failed deliver for the second time.Advice to Buyers and AC enthusiasts: DO NOT BUY! It will most likely not work. No matter how badly you want to play this game, IT DOES NOT WORK!*Patch 4 Review*Ubisoft once again promising FPS updates... no change in gameplay for me AT ALL! I played through Sequence 1 Memory 1 with great difficulty because of the lagging display and controls, but was able to figure out a few more things:1. Arno gets stuck in the air when he parkours from one side of a roof to the other when he does the little jump move over the peak.2. I have to restart from my last save to get unstuck.Ubisoft, PLEASE, FOR THE LOVE OF YOUR ASSASSINS CREED GAMES, FIX THIS NOW!I cant stand waiting for patch after patch, rebuilding a sense of false hope the MAYBE, JUST MAYBE, my ACU MIGHT ACTUALY WORK!"
76561198189675378,Not Recommended,289650,15466538,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,jessevdreest,it doesn't work and the screen flickers all the time it is so f*cking enoying
76561198073534586,Recommended,289650,21234905,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Assassin,Requires beefy computer.
76561198040330534,Not Recommended,289650,20703458,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,mdv1992,"While beautifully made in detail, but the story was unfavorably short.  Microtransactions to buy weapons and armor that you can earn in game, Really? What happened to the old days when unlockables were a fun challenge."
76561198119567267,Recommended,289650,21776145,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Hellcase.comcsgo-skins.com,badass game one of the best i have ever seen
76561197988780510,Not Recommended,289650,14874307,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Morg,The combat is unresponsive. Half the time I try to block I put my sword away and let the AI hit me. Foes that are supposed to be easy are tearing me apart like I have no armor. This game has finished going down the toilet since release. It has gone from bad to horrible.
,Recommended,289650,19014354,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Prince,"Unity was my first AC game and I purchased and played it right at its release, so I'm partial to it.  I played AC Rogue next, also at its release, then just recently started and finished Black Flag.  I love the stories of each and they all rate and easy 9+ out of 10 but its my personal oppinion that Unity will always be at least 1 decimal higher.  I like the armor craft better in Unity also.  I've just recently started a new play of Rogue because I want to keep AC fresh since Syndicate is released  on PC next week and I've played through Unity  at least 3 times and BF and Rogue only once.  So basically what my point of this review is...is...don't NOT play Unity because of reading mixed reviews because in the end its still an AC game with a good story and pretty much the same type of play style....just no boat to sail, but a huge.....huge...city."
,Recommended,289650,19086582,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Paul Blart's Right Segway Wheel,"For all the♥♥♥♥♥♥this game gets, its actually pretty great."
76561198046584396,Not Recommended,289650,18229843,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,JakeATG,Worst optimized game i have ever played. 0/10 wouldnt play again
76561198052017758,Recommended,289650,19052511,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Vicks,"Well, I wrote a review for this last year and it was very VERY negetive. Overall, I felt as though I had been robbed because despite meeting requirements, the game was epic slow on my computer, and there were a ton of game breaking bugs. Naturally, I posted and didn't play the game until a year later.I'll tell you what, if i had gotten to play this product when it was first released, I would have given it a glowing review. With an updated system, better fps (both due to developers working with the engine and a new computer on my part), and no game-breaking bugs as of yet, I am now happy with my purchase.Thanks Ubisoft for stepping up your game and fixing some of the huge problems with this, it really reflects well on you. There are a lot of groups that would have left it broken.Now if you'll all excuse me, I have to jump down 11 stories and stab a guy in the face with some hand-daggers..."
76561198237063140,Not Recommended,289650,18875598,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,ZHIIRO,I'm fan Assasin's creed series and This game have new engine is very interested but gameplay have nothing... It so boring and repetitiously and when you finished story mode you don't want to play this game again...
,Recommended,289650,14930624,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,freakology,"An Amazing game, great graphics, i really dont know why everybody complains about the fps all went smoothly for me (GTX 970, i5 4590, 16GB RAM)Recommended for everyone who like a strong story line, incredibly made graphics, amazing co-op gameplay and such"
76561198071108823,Not Recommended,289650,16664268,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Somewhat Scholarly Quatnum,"Buggy after 8 months of release. Unacceptable. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story, bad optimization, and a waste of money. Highly reccomend staying away from this game. This was the last straw for me as I am done with the series and I'd have to be♥♥♥♥♥♥drunk to even think about playing or buying any more of this series."
,Not Recommended,289650,18091110,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,TheDrewtopian,Assassins Creed Unity can be likened to shooting yourself in the foot with an 18 wheeler
,Recommended,289650,14936196,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Gittons,"the hate for this game is too strong and has turned into a bandwagon,yes the game is poorly optimized and yes it has a quite a few issues but it does so much right, the AC series can not keep using the ships over and over and thus unity did something new and tried to improve and upgrade the classic town based AC style and it a lot of ways it works, the movement system is better, the new eagle vision is cool, the animations and graphics are just beautiful and the story is somewhat decent while nothing spiecal,despite all that there are thousands of people wanting uplay and unity to burn in hellfire for what? being the first game out of SEVEN to have some big issues? oh sorry mr perfection i had no idea that a company has to make at least 14 flawless games to have a free break."
76561198044669599,Not Recommended,289650,14949860,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,bibo92004,"One of the worst games I ever bought, this thing is really unplayable! Ubisoft, I am running out of faith in you.."
76561198039419936,Not Recommended,289650,17969238,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,FrankTheRochelle,ubisoft finest game LOOL
,Recommended,289650,29238584,Posted: 13 January,all,R4iS3N,"Great Story, Good Gameplay, Great Graphics, Recommended"
,Recommended,289650,15055735,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Tarek,"DISCLAIMER: Only played the first hour so far. Will update when I have more playtime.The voice acting is very much out of place in this game. French people with posh English accents. Doesn't fit. They would have been better off with English-with-a-French-accent like in the Ezio trilogy (""It's-a-me-Mario"")This made me switch to French voice and English subtitles and I hate subtitles.It slightly bothers me that not every piece of incidental dialogue is subtitled.Graphics are gorgeous. It runs pretty well on my GTX 770 2GB. I used the recommended settings from NVidia and running in ""border-less windowed"" mode (aka fake fullscreen). Same deal as Black Flag and Watch Dogs. FPS dips as textures are loaded but I chalk that up to my 2GB VRAM. It's not a big deal so far.Gameplay is the same as it's been for a while. Parkour has improved. Same old dodge/counter combat.So far so good. The next AC game in the series. Not Black Flag styled (that would be Rogue) but more like Ezio again with Renaissance Europe. If you liked the Ezio trilogy, you'll probably like this.Renaissance France is beautiful."
,Not Recommended,289650,15553784,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,bashton,"Frustraing and plain awful, this game is so bad it has become comical to play just to see how much worse it gets each time I play it."
,Not Recommended,289650,15537948,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dab on the Haters,"Even months after release it's still full of bugs. A story that just doesn't make you care, 2/10Also, this game DOES NOT link in with any other assassin's creed games in terms of story what so ever."
,Recommended,289650,24205664,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Andreas,Team work I love it!
76561198044785194,Not Recommended,289650,14194174,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sponge?,Pc version is terrible-
76561198046131108,Not Recommended,289650,14629493,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,WTF man,"dont get noth worth it, it has to many bugs / problems and it is just not the same quality game as the last ones"
,Not Recommended,289650,12917854,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Xmoono,Laggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198072724653,Not Recommended,289650,12925267,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Blob,Don't buy this game till it patched
,Not Recommended,289650,12930055,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Belgium Waffle Senpai,"Quite disappointing. For the amount of Hype the producers put into this game, it sure did not meet expectations.The storyline was decent but yet somewhat brief.Progressing through the storyline and getting better equipment really simply and easy to do.For the price this game is worth I wouldn't recommend it even if your playing for the storyline, or the co-op.As for computer specs:CPU: i5 4670 3.4ghzRAM: 16gbGPU: AMD Raedeon R9 270X 4gb OCI was able to play this game on High graphics settings without a problem, though the game did freeze for a few seconds every now and then (even with lowering the graphics settings), and the FPS didnt not drop that substantially. But I believe these problem lies within the poorly ported game."
76561198122666603,Not Recommended,289650,12919074,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,abhaybinc,"The game doesn't even run, do not buy."
,Not Recommended,289650,12921107,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Odyssey=VX9=,Unplayable with bugs effecting PC. Waste of 90 bucks!
,Not Recommended,289650,12942425,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Teriyaki_Freak,Didn't realize that this game was so demanding of the computer's hardware. I feel kind of cheated for getting a game I can barely play.
76561198031681979,Not Recommended,289650,12945807,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ElmeChlo,"I would not buy, optamization bretter bad."
76561198006888033,Not Recommended,289650,12917982,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Stockwell,"The game is at times, beautiful, and the assassination missions are the best the series has had. Paris feels alive and is a joy to run across. However, it feels like they spent so much time building the game world, they forgot to make sure it works to meet the deadline. Its like if a movie spent too much time filming, and they slopped together a poor edit. Buggy mess, and visual glitches detract too much to look past. Unless they fix these issues, I'd pass completely."
76561198049038380,Not Recommended,289650,12918153,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Gwynbleidd,"Could be excellent if it ran smoothly but like everyone says, terribly optimized. Do not buy on PC til they figure out  the issues and fix them. If ever. The console version isn't much better either. On PC it runs crappy in 1080p, 4k, low settings, high settings. Just bad."
,Not Recommended,289650,12918191,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Manray,"The game looks great but it very demanding of brand new hardware, and my computer is able to play everything else in the market with no problem, up until this game... I have a GeForce GT 650, it is just a bit too slow and I did not know that the 680 minimum requirement was necessary until the recently released those stats! I would love ot play it but I just can't! Besides that all my other hardware is at or above the recommended but it's still choppy and low framerate...Update May 10th: Still not working properly--I'm afraid to buy Rogue..."
,Not Recommended,289650,12918326,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,bobsaget36,I've been ♥♥♥♥ right in the♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,289650,12932500,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Puggin,"Doesn't run too well, pretty unplayable at the moment"
,Not Recommended,289650,12925165,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Nyan Cat,not even 15 mintues and I cant play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198050614562,Not Recommended,289650,12925279,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,hitler,So why the ♥♥♥♥ am i getting disconnected every 5 minutes of the game? lol
,Not Recommended,289650,12932214,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Kieko,"Seems like most people are saying this game sucks and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. Welp to me the story is fairly good, it keeps me intrested and wanting to play.I feel as though on medium settings I get a solid 40+ fps, and I don't even meet the min system requirments. There is some stuttering in densly populated areas but it isn't bad (for me atleast) enough to the point where I can not play.  I've heard of plenty of bugs but haven't seen many myself.The Movement system is not the greatest. It can be very random at times and Arno might just jump off a building and kill himself here and there but I've delt with that... Combat is more of a challenge the AC3 was (haven't played BlackFlag). The Camera is fluid and makes the game look great.The Micro transactions and having to use an app to unlock chests ruin the game quite a bit for me... Not being able to open a chest that shows up on the map makes the minimap clutter and sometimes useless.Still haven't tried Co-op only because none of my friends have the game ATM.Overall I Would not reccommend it to anyone unless you were able to play WatchDogs at release and get around all those problems. Great Game, Was rushed and is incomplete.Oh yea One last problem! Can't wield the hidden blades as a primary weapon..."
,Not Recommended,289650,12942052,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,droz76,horrible....not ever buying another ac game
,Not Recommended,289650,12923904,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,BastionMain,dont buy it
76561198060506395,Not Recommended,289650,12917942,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,DunMac,"Well I bought it before I saw the recommended min. requirements (idiot) so all I have to use this game is an i7 2670QM and the GTX 570m. It's playable, sometimes for nearly an hour, low settings of course, before the  stutters hit so bad I just quit. It's FULL of glitches, bad fps as well. I chocked that up to the GPU I'm running. Anyway I'm kinda glad I'm not alone, maybe with the patches that are sure to come I'll get a better expierence."
,Not Recommended,289650,12918151,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,senturk_onur,"I pre ordered gold edition in order support the developers. Overall, I am very upset about optimization and glitches, it is horrible really. Contextually I do not have anything say because most of the assassins creed games are written well.  Graphics looks decent. I am sure art direction is great too,Please do not buy until bugs are fixed. Save your time and money. I am still trying to understand how big company like Ubisoft does not have enough testers on board. You work on this game for four years and this is what you come up with?To be completely honest, I rather prefer to wait six months more but to have something decent,If they fix bugs and optimize this I will be happy to change this review,-----------------------Update--------------------After 1.20 update Game still not good. Hair is all over the place. At least you do not fall to eternity for now. Frame rates still sucks. Maybe Ubisoft should put a new setting called Very Low.I guess it will do the trick for some of us. In order to play this damn game you have to buy new hardware. Maybe even two GPU s to run perfectly and invest at least 1000 bucks.Also why is everywhere is so crowded in the game? Do we have to see thousands of NPCs? Well if we have to see why do not optimize it better?Probably I will not buy a UBISOFT Game for a very very long time. Even though I like series. I hate you UBISOFT. So so bad.Stay away from this game like plague. Only support developers who deserve support.Some companies still pay attention how their game stands by itself like Remedy, Valve, Rockstar, Square Enix These names are like quality stamp. When I look at Ubisoft, there is no such values, no ethics."
76561198056086505,Not Recommended,289650,12920762,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Velian,"What can I say that hasn't already been said? The framerate makes me think I left power-point open on stills of gameplay footage. Also, when the game crashed just now, it said my game was corrupted and that I had to verify or something. So I did. And it was either missing 14 gigs of content from the game, or that 14 gigs was corrupted. I'd go with the latter, though; this is the second time I've had to re-install the game on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Australian internet speeds."
76561198120364826,Not Recommended,289650,12932409,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Lekario,"Played a few hours so far, I have to say I haven't seen anywhere near as many bugs in-game as other people have and I'm sure my rig doesn't stack up to some of the people I've seen with major issues. I can run the game on high with some frame dropping and on medium the framerate is pretty consistent, usually around 35-45. Pretty disappointing release, don't buy it yet, wait till they fix it.System SpecsFX6300R9 270x (2gb of vram)8gb RAM1TB HDD"
,Not Recommended,289650,16090750,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Gravemind,"Was good initially, then the fps began to drop like everyone else which in turn stopped me from playing it altogether, unfortunetly fancy graphics and render distance was more of a priority then game performance. As a result a massive assassins creed fan like myself is now losing feelings towards the franchise because of it."
,Recommended,289650,28921664,Posted: 1 January,all,deathstroke is slade wilson,-best storyline-worst gameplay
76561198177319990,Recommended,289650,27483218,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,- aza -,"runs at 50-60 fps1080p,maxed out except AA: 2MSAAspecs:I7-6700k @4ghzGTX 1060 Palit SuperJetstream 6gb16GB DDR4-2133"
76561198166995846,Not Recommended,289650,30732397,Posted: 25 March,all,LT.HarryBawls,DON'T buy it. even in the sale it's not worth the money
,Not Recommended,289650,28249383,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,aenZed,"TL;DR Buy any other AC title, that's more worth your money and time.I cannot in good faith recommend this game.A bit of background information. I've played every big AC title since we first ran around Jerusalem with Altair and the franchise and since come thus far that I feel it's fair to start comparing the games amongst each other. I did not enjoy Assassin's Creed Unity as much as I did the other games.There are many aspects of the game that other reviewers point that are fine, and I agree. The story is okay, the environment is beautiful and pre-revolutionary Paris (+ some Helix rift missions during the Belle Epoque, WWII and medieval Paris) are a wonder to explore. But the gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I found myself swearing at my computer when Arno wouldn't climb up the ♥♥♥♥ing building, or parkour in a completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ direction while escaping 10 enemies.Combat did not feel as smooth as in the previous games. Where you could hold off 6 men in Black Flag, here it just became a game of twister trying to dodge all the ♥♥♥♥ing bullets while dodging all the swords, only to get shot down by a sniper that was on some rooftop.The stealthiness I found wasn't implemented well; that I silently killed one guy of the two and the other is randomly alerted. The air/ground double kills often felt it only worked occasionally, which led to some extremely loud ""What the ♥♥♥♥""s and alerted my housemates to come walking into my room taunting me with a ""U mad bro?""And I was mad, because I thoroughly enjoyed every single AS game I had played until this one. I enjoyed exploring Italy with Ezio. I was psyched with the introduction of the Brotherhood mechanic. I was amazed when you could upgrade Ezio's house. I was visibly stunned by the huge world of AC 3 and being able to explore so much of Colonial America. I loved being able to test my captain's skills and take on the sea in Black Flag.But not this time. Because I did not enjoy AC Unity as much as I did her previous installments."
,Not Recommended,289650,12981526,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,638 батюня в здании,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ребята не покупайте эту ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ю,ноль оптимизации-лаги ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ даже не минимальных настройках!!!Короче♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥у меня мак 2013 года фуловый совсеми пречендалами-не танет-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я!!!Сделайте уже нормалый ассасин!!!"
76561198084812375,Not Recommended,289650,16722365,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DJ André Marques,"*Before you read this, I should warn you that I didn't play Dead Kings nor do I plan to.*In my humble opinion, Unity is merely a bad joke of what it could have been.ACU had the potential to be the best game in the series so far. Next gen, superb graphics, customizable assassin, awesome historical setting, CO-OP missions etc. In a way it was perfect: Paris is huge (almost 1:1 scale, wtf) and beautiful, and theres a lot to do. But as we all know, graphics quality never makes a game's story any better, and this game is a prime example of that.The main story is weak. There's a world changing revolution going on, but the character only cares about his personal quest (this might sound familiar, which is one of the reasons this game wasn't good.And Ezio was more badass than Arno. Just saying)The Companion App is boring, the love story managed to be almost as bad as Twilight and whoever thought removing the human shield feat would be a good idea should be fired and never work in game industries ever again. Not to mention the glitches, which can still be found though the game is as patched as a metalhead's jacket by the time I'm writing this. Seriously Ubisoft, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.So Unity is yet another dissapointment in the AC series, though I'm not very surprised this franchise is going down the toilet. After almost completely setting history aside just for a trope that has been told a million times by now, AC is just a thin glimpse of what it was once. The soundtrack doesn't suck yet so there's that as consolation.RIP modern storyline by the way.The CO-OP is fun as hell though so there's that (assuming you don't get paired up with noobs, of course.)I'm gonna say what you've probably heard from a ton of people already: Rogue is better. If you see both Unity and Rogue on sale, get the latter. Trust me.4/10 would steal the king with Napoleon Bonaparte again"
,Recommended,289650,30114635,Posted: 23 February,all,Madara Uchiha,Awesome game .... I loved it
76561198051567728,Recommended,289650,16148432,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Schmit0haulic3,"If and only IF your willing to have your heart ripped out from a generic love story this game it for you!Please read the whole review before making judgements, This is a honest review from a long time fan of the Assassin's Creed Series.(Little Back-story)After watching a lets play of the whole game, playing it on Xbox One and waiting for this game to go on sale for PC, I successfully completed my first hour on this AC game. Being a veteran Xbox gamer, I have owned every Assassin's Creed game to date. This game by far does NOT compare to AC 2 in my opinion, or any AC on Xbox. Due to the tremendous amounts of times this game crashed in a 1 hour session, I had to turn my High graphic settings to as low as they will go just so it will not crash, Note I just brought a brand new Alien Ware x51 or something of the sort- thus meaning the DEVELOPERS are to blame for a unstable, overused, repetitive game/franchise. Honestly if they wanted a good unused story and wanted to make a DECENT GAME instead of popping one out every nine months, they should just hire me. :/The game that are coming out now are poor quality and not worth buying unless a 50% sale is going on.Ubisoft as a fan since the first Assassin's Creed, just know I am disappointed with you...THE REVIEWThe story is the classic Assassin vs Templar with the usual Assassin victory (in some perspective) that aims to rip your heart out and fall in love with the franchise, since Paris is the city of love it only makes sense that they focus on this more than any other AC game. seriously no one gives a crap about anything else then the love story, sure you get to dabble as French Sherlock Holmes, and getting a view of what a amazing WW2 France Assassin's Creed Game  THAT COULD AND SHOULD HAVE BEEN, but nothing else is very significant in this game.The game throws in some interesting new weapons and abilities in your arsenal, but just because they keep adding a bunch of weapons in the game that you can get through the whole story without using it once. (Just saying a Eden Sword, really? that idea was stupid, who ever thought of that should be burned at stake)The historical aspect of the game fails to impress me, even Notre Dame in game is a pale representation of the REAL ONE.In addition they add Napoleon Bonaparte into the game. (YAY! awesome!) The downside is he is there for like 2-3 missions and mainly only the cut scene towards then end of the story. Also you can watch the King's head cut off, that is cool I guess, It was very significant so Ill give you that one.OVERALLThis game is only for the love story if want it for the graphics or the game play, expect the worse so you wont be disappointedIf I had to give this game a rating? 7/10If i had to determine the value of this game? $30Would I recommend this game? YES, I would, even tho there are many negatives, Ubisoft barley managed to scrap together a game, with Arno Dorian and Elise de la Sierre.If I could change one thing? The Ending (It Broke My Heart) Thanks Ubisoft!"
76561198066561605,Not Recommended,289650,12918129,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Osirian,60 dollars for a broken game awesome thanks
,Not Recommended,289650,12922594,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Bandicoot Cheddarcheese,"I am a hard-core Assassin's Creed fan, and I will try to give anhonestreview about the game.As I am writing this one down, I have already played for 23 hours, and finished the main missions. I must say that there is not much of a shock to what would I see. The game still has the typical Assassin's Creed feel. If there's anything new that I liked, it would be thefree-run downability. Now you don't have to find a haystack to get down safely.I also liked the the new skill categories. These gives an opportunity for one to specialize on a certain skill trait and use it's advantages. (Although I believe you would acquire all of it in the end if you finish the game 100%).Now if you don't have a PC with the latest GPUs in the market (and you prefergame qualityoverperformace), I suggest that youDO NOTbuy this game for PC. You better buy the one for consoles. Now the question is, why?Why? I believe that this game is not entirely poorly optimized. It's just that it requires high-end specs to run it smoothly on the highest settings (thus, the reason for the heavy system requirements). I have a decent gaming laptop (msi ge60 2pe apache pro), but I play on 1280x720 resolution, on medium settings just to get a more stable gameplay. Also, a lot of people are complaining about the same problem.Now, why did I buy (even pre-ordered) the game? Even though I am uncertain of how good/bad the game will be performance wise, I think the reason why I bought this game is because I am a long-time AC fan, and I would not like to miss this game. I do not care if my graphics are not super-duper realistic, as long as I can play this game again after months of waiting.Well I guess that's about it.TL;DRIf you are a huge AC fan, and you don't care about graphics that much, buy it. Else, don't."
,Not Recommended,289650,12920418,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,To me i will not recommend to anyone who want to buy Assassin creed unity cause there alot of bugs and glitch everywhere in the game and will not have a smooth play at all.
76561198046225603,Not Recommended,289650,12923743,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Lime,:-(
,Not Recommended,289650,12932277,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Oceanic,What the ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft. I pay 60 dollars. Wait 4 hours for this thing to download and you have completely released something that doesnt even work? I have yet to get into game and i really want to play the game i paid 60$ for. Please fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥or if you dont want to give me a refund.
,Not Recommended,289650,12953117,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,✡FreåКßØУ✔✯♛┌∩,So Bugged :(
76561198019007594,Not Recommended,289650,12920426,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,dukered79,"15/100 Even after optimised drivers this game still runs horrible and makes combat pretty terrible for parrying or dodging, everything looks fantastic in game but the sheer terrible character control with the new cover system and bad performance kills the game, still possibly a recommended buy but wait a few months until they patch and drop the price, not worth $60, maybe not even $40."
76561198111744629,Not Recommended,289650,12923086,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Gryph,"I hate that the name has come to mean what it does today but I think this says it all ""ITS UBISOFT"" what did you expect something thats actually finished or even more funny works? dont buy it till they fix the AMD GPU issues. its just not worth the 60 bucks"
,Not Recommended,289650,12944385,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,✰ Sobaxe ✰,"If it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥Plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥And have a great nameIt's probably a GAINT PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥-99999999999/10Love that valve won't give refunds for things on steamLiterally never playing another AC game on anything PC or otherwiseIf you're reading this or any other review TAKE THE HINTS this game is worthless, people are mad or blowing it into something it's not, it just truely is trash."
76561198016117090,Not Recommended,289650,12945069,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,m_kosub,"The game is extremely ""glitchy"" with its graphics, even after setting the graphics at the very lowest levels.  I'm disappointed that they released the game before it was truly ready.  This reminds me a lot of  Assassin's Creed Liberation - a game clearly not caliberated for the PC."
,Not Recommended,289650,12918304,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Hmazon,"Great story with twists and turns at every corner it seems! Sadly at this stage the game is VERY buggy, simple things such as parkour are really hit by the bugs, at some points in the missions you need to start all over again because something is broken.That and the frame rates are pretty poor, you have to play the game on low settings just to be able to watch the cutscenes! And walking into big areas with lots of people sometimes hits on the frame rates.For people with a slow computer I wouldn't recommend buying ACU until they fix some bugs, and work on preformace a bit more.Also, you can sometimes go though walls:https://i.imgur.com/TdWTbNf.jpg"
76561198061622473,Not Recommended,289650,12924982,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,XxXShonoXxX,Wow really..........Hope they fix the lags and bugs soon :/
76561198202937627,Recommended,289650,34361862,Posted: 19 August,all,Jimmia53,Second favorite game controls 5/10 dececent Gameplay 9/10 combat best in ac games 9.5/10storyline 9/10
76561198122022585,Recommended,289650,34298076,Posted: 16 August,all,teremaster,"This game has been patched so hard it's surpisingly not as♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore. Still full of bugs and a lot of things don't work quite how you would expect them to but it's enjoyable. There are microtransactions in the game but it's for singleplayer items that are all unlockable with the regular in game currency (Is it still called florins?), if you feel like it's drip feeding you money then just download cheat engine and edit that value right up. The game is saved by the sheer amount of things to do, there are so many side missions and co-op is ridiculously fun, even though the game lacks any way to communicate with the other players so unless you're all on discord or teamspeak then it's just too chaotic. It also respects why you play AC, nothing was worse in the previous games where just as you started having fun the game would pull you out and force you to play through some boring story sequence outside the animus. 8 hours in and they haven't pulled me out yet.5/10 it's enjoyable but microtransactions feel forced in, the amount of content is the sole savior of this game, buy it on sale."
,Not Recommended,289650,34257105,Posted: 15 August,all,Insônia,"The most f**ked up AC serier by far.♥♥♥♥♥♥ control mechanism.Game gliches in combat, roming, mission triggers. EVERYWHERE.3 years later, still buggy.This product is incompleted and got class action suit once. The microtransaction is still greedy af.Potato server as always. Nothing changed. Since they put a lot of stuff on mp and cloud service. Online is punichment literally.AC is big deal right. But this one? nah.50% is still too much.UBI you gonna broken soon or later if you keep doing this kind of stuff."
76561198046860368,Not Recommended,289650,14648437,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BuffaLou,"This game, how do I get it to work..."
,Recommended,289650,23616862,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Armorchin,"And It's Patched boiii! The co-op are the best! the combat is perfect in online play, Great story, Very good graphic. Best AC in the series! Highly recommend if you have some friends to fool around."
,Recommended,289650,24017229,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cheesecake,"It's a Good game, but the FPS is preety low and there are still some bugs. Overall it's a good concept (CO-OP)"
,Recommended,289650,21136054,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,VAC,good game!
76561198014179408,Not Recommended,289650,13001226,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Bait,"I think they should add a few thousand more background NPCs and make the game even more unplayable..... I've played every assassin's creed with no problem, wish this one would play. I'm pretty bummed that I can't play it. Game play seems cool along with the free running and decending but the overblown backgrounds that no one looks at just makes it unplayable."
,Not Recommended,289650,12893476,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,KMan Smurf,LAG LAG LAG LAG LAG its a very fun game if you can bear the LAG. I have had alot of fun so far but not the max because it is so laggy and i have a good computer. FIX THIS NOW UBISOFT!
76561198020231505,Not Recommended,289650,12894426,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Esadobledo,"Plenty of problems that need to be worked out, game freezes for about 10 seconds, game jumps around making comabt and parkour very difficult, and game has a tendancy to crash. If this game sounded to good to be true, you are right."
,Not Recommended,289650,12894670,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MTquinze,"PAY MORE PAY MORE PAY MORETo get contents, even a single weapon you have to pay!?Seriously, the graphic and cinematic are wonderful.But somehow, the story is not running very well like I watched 5/10 movie.... (Compare with AC2 that was 10/10)Serioulsy, who is the fan of this serie, please save your money for Dragon Age...."
76561198083977438,Not Recommended,289650,12893809,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Fox,"So let's begin, I played an overall of 14 hours something and went through a couple of the main missions, ran around the areas, and did a couple co-op missions.First things first, the game is extremely buggy. Why?Well, you simply fall out of the map for no apparent reason. This tends to happen when you are scaling down building or objects, but it has occured hile normally running around, trying to climb up a building, or even when fighting some enemy.Other than that, the frame rate of the game is pretty bad overall, I myself do not own a super computer (although my specs are better than the minimum) or whatever but from what I read in other reviews even the high end computers are having a bad frame rate. This makes combat pretty difficult, but more than that it is simply impossible to run around without running into random obstacles that slow you down which have a rather significant impact on the mission.The menu seems to be laggy as well for some reason, simply a tap of the button will not do anything or just take too long to switch between options.Until these things have been addressed I believe that it is too much of a hindrance and annoyance to actually try and play the gme little less enjoy it. The story looks promising from the missions I've completed and the co-op feature is pretty okay. If the mentioned issues above are fixed it would be so much better.Overall this feels like an incomplete game, pretty much same release issues that Battlefield 4 went through last year. For the time being, this gets a NO (sorry).*Update:I have come across 2 missions that I had to repeat over 20 times to actually pass. The first mission I managed to pass after 23 tries because every explosion or movement in the environment either threw Arno off the platform, caused him to be thrown into a wall and not move (needing to restart), or simply jumping into oblivion as usual. The second mission I simply gave up on because the frame rate makes it impossible to press the buttons that are required. The ridiculous part is that all you have to do is press the designated button (it's always the same one) as shown on screen, however no matter how you press it, it simply will not match and you end up going back to zero over and over again.This has been a confirmed issue for other consoles as well, it seems to be Memory 7 Sequence 3. The issue is that despite you actually pressing the button properly it sends you back to the previous button mashing scene for some unkown reason. Some people have claimed to pass it however it is a major bug that is halting many more in their progress of the gameThis is absolute crap, not being able to make any progress anymore even with the terrible way it is right now simply makes it even worse."
,Not Recommended,289650,12894432,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Roadkill,"Horrible lagspikes, even worse stealth controls. Switching cover and leaving/entering cover is a pain to wrestle with."
,Not Recommended,289650,12894448,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Gorthezar,Enjoy the game don't enjoy the way to common drops to 15 or less FPS.
,Recommended,289650,12893138,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ardy Voogle,"Before I start, let me just state that apparently everyone else and their mother is having performance issues. I've not had any issues though, so i'm going to assume it's computer specs.That being said, after playing for an hour I find the story keeping my interest which hasen't happened since AC2, the gameplay is a lot more fluid and responsive, the parkour elements are a lot quicker and easier to control. Combat makes a lot more sense now, you can't take on hoards of enemies by spamming B, parrying is a lot more precise. All in all, the combat is more realistic than previous entries into the franchise.I'm loving this game, and seeing as everyone elses problem so far has been about performance, I don't think all the bad reviews are really warranted. It's just going to push people who are actually interested in the game away without a second glance."
,Not Recommended,289650,12894112,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Tylerray19701(Dead),"As of this moment this game is horrible. I played about 10 or 15 minutes of it and found that the game was not graphically optimized. Also, I jumped through the map twice randomly walking around. First mission was bugged for me and I had to restart, the game at this point is unplayable. Back to the optimization, you can't run this game on 40+ frames! I was on low and pulling 20 at best and my specs are pretty good. I'll put it like this, I pull 60 frames on BF4 on the Shanghia map, I pull 20 while walking on the street on this game.Updated**************************I have delved deeper into this game and it is still trash, the AI's gun usage is insane! Guns were probably the worst addition to the Assassin's Creed series by far. The gun usage is very annyoing, there has been many a times where I have been fighting 10+ guys and at least 4 of them are shooting me at point blank range. Now some people dont have a problem with this, to those I say this ""How?"" mainly because they lock on, and in the middle of a fight with like I said 10+ guys, its hard to try and roll around and parry incoming attacks at the same time."
,Not Recommended,289650,12894491,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,The Bunk,The game itself is solid but it's so horribly optimized that it lags and stutters horribly. Wait until they fix it.
,Not Recommended,289650,12895513,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Seb,"This game is TERRIBLE, i just wasted 100 CND$ on this terrible game.They need to do something about this and fast!"
76561198161870410,Not Recommended,289650,12909882,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,MUGGY X GORB 行け！,"This game has caused me so much fustration, I can't believe it. Frame skips/drops. Mouth sync is off at times. Fell through the map several times in Co-Op Missions. Targeting your enemy is like a myth now seeing as how he goes after anyone around him beside your main target. Missions are incredibly hard and don't really push in the stealth feature seeing as how every situation intends you kill everyone that apporaches your way. Its a poor excuse for a game that should be incredibly beautiful and fun as a Assassin roaming the beautiful French Revoultion Era. But no, Instead we earn a game that is completely absurd and a waste of my money. Sad thing is, Advanced Warfare turned out better than this."
76561198035595905,Recommended,289650,29179262,Posted: 11 January,all,Augustus,多话不说，这么屌的游戏竟然有差评？配置差就不要买了，
76561198023219651,Not Recommended,289650,15799158,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Falcon,"Even after buying this game on sale, I feel like I was short changed. It is full of poorly written code and it is quite obvious after contacting their help desk that they are not interested in repairing the game. Their answer was to try assigning different keys to the game as a work around. Why would anyone need to do that when the game should work properly when purchased regardless of what keys are assigned to perform a specific task?? Needless to say I got about halfway through the game and could not progress any further due to a malfunctioning code. And yes I tried assigning a different key which still was a failure. So, I have a game which can only be played halfway through. I think that there should be some course that gamers can take which allows them to get a refund when the game that they purchase does not function. Frag the programmers and get someone in there who actually knows what they are doing! I have lost all trust in the Assassins Creed franchise. I would strongly advise against buying this game unless you enjoy getting upset due to malfunctions."
76561197978083313,Not Recommended,289650,15694557,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,The Wild Unibroue,This is bulls*** ...Ubi
76561198047943877,Not Recommended,289650,15715171,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,mike14501,"Two words, ♥♥♥♥ Uplay."
,Not Recommended,289650,15918564,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,nickdean,"Drastically faulty, to the extent where I could not play the game on my Nvidia laptop. Reported problems on PS4 also. Will be asking for a return, but Steam/Valve support is slow and disorganised when issues arrive; they only want to take your money. Ubisoft is no better, being unable to detect the problems prior to release"
,Not Recommended,289650,15708581,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Clarkusman,"Bad, broken, garbage."
76561198026493523,Recommended,289650,14950487,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Kuky,"A great game, a lot of fun and probably the 2nd most interesting AC game after AC: Black Flag, although this one features a CO-OP which makes it even better!"
76561198067919111,Not Recommended,289650,15003585,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,_tjagnew,I've payed over $100 for a game that doesn't work because Ubisoft wont take the time to make it properly. They're stealling from us and there's nothing we can do about it.
,Not Recommended,289650,13072180,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Hellsin,Worst ♥♥♥♥ing port ever. ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft
76561198066743615,Recommended,289650,30122096,Posted: 23 February,all,skoutel,it has lots of bugs but it playable and has a nice art.with new graphics cards (gtx 1070-amd r9 480)it would be avery smooth gameplay.i personaly play at a gtx 970 and its all ready smooth
,Not Recommended,289650,28739546,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Future4ssassin,"How do I put this game into retrospect?It's like biting into a chocolate chip cookie, only to find that the supposed chocolate turns out to be raisins.It's like asking for a dog for Christmas, just to come downstair seeing that the present is smaller than a dog, and a part of you die on the inside.It's like buying something on Amazon, and when the package does arrive you are dissapointed to only find it to be a bootlegged version of it.Need more analogies? Buy this game and you'll surely come up with more that you can relate to.Please save yourself from this monstrosity and buy any other Assassin's Creed title than this one. For it is that I don't want you to come through the anxiety like I did. This game truly made me buy more Clorox than I needed to."
76561198366670889,Recommended,289650,33740257,Posted: 23 July,all,VxvzombiesVxv,"If you have Windows 10 and don't have an extra £50 then don't get this game (unless you have two seperate hard drives) because this game isn't compatible with Windows 10, and the only way to play it without it crashing every 10 minutes is for you to Dual Boot and install Windows 8. But if you have Windows 8 or other Windows systems below then I'd recommend it when there's a sale as I think that £25 for this game is too much, you should buy it when around £15.Edit: I have solved the crash problem."
76561198011483539,Not Recommended,289650,16609793,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pandito,"Save your money; clunky controls, horrible optimization, and cliché story make this terrible!"
,Recommended,289650,15343806,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,muscular poops,"I am the minority that ran it without glitches and actually had fun.It'sok.Really dosen't bring anything new to the table except the ever-increasing graphical quality, which is to bethe one and only thing expected from Ubisoft.Move along now, we don't want tostart a revolution or anything."
76561198052811144,Recommended,289650,15398890,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Unknownz,"Have been playing this game for few months as I have been busy with work and family.Love this game, after they have fix all those buggy issue.Still one of my favorite games."
,Not Recommended,289650,14162808,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Nekotenth,"I cannot recommend this game to any of my friends.There are a lot of great elements to this game, but the bugs and lack of support suck much of the joy out of the game.If you must purchase this game, wait for it to come on sale late 2015.  Perhaps by then all of the issues will be resolved.After the initial issues with the game, Ubisoft offered to give a game for free as an apology to those purchasing the gold addition before a certain date.  When they finally announced the redemption site, it would not load due to redirect errors.After a few weeks of trying the site launches but doesn not work for me.   I put in a request for help on the support site weeks ago, but there have been no updates or progress.Today, all of my game progress has been reset.  I very much want to like this game, but I can't.   I don't think I will buy any Ubisoft titles in the future."
76561198148713806,Not Recommended,289650,16717850,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dingo_Daddy,Well can't play the game it turns like 5 fps for no reason my computer is a gaming laptop sooooo.... yea don't waste your money 5 fps 10/10 would waste money again....
76561198407788399,Recommended,289650,34064688,Posted: 6 August,all,Region Commander,"I bought this game mainly for its open world concept in Paris. The graphics are excellent and it indulges you in a near real-world experience of being in France.However, my gripe with this game would be the game movement mechanics. They are really tough to get used to, especially when the character makes the most annoying movements are the wrong timings. Frequently, my character would hang onto a ledge and refuse to jump, and even if it works, there is a time delay of about a second, which affects the gameplay.I didn't experience as many bugs as the players mentioned perhaps because the updates mostly patched them up."
,Not Recommended,289650,12971088,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,dbacher,"At this time, I cannot recommend this game -- it is buggy, it is poorly thought out in many places.  While it is entertaining, Ubi went out of their way to tick off players on many aspects of the game.For example, there is a ""join in progress silhouette"" for ""hey, join my co-op.""  This is implemented, when playing with a controller, on one of the primary buttons that you use for other actions.  And so what happens is you get thrown into a co-op match you have no intent of actually playing or participating in, in the middle of a mission.  Entering, it saves your inventory and if you quit -- it resets you to the start of the sequence you're doing.Thats not so bad, but it also resets your inventory to where it was when you started the co-op -- and so you might have to visit a vendor.  Keeping in mind, that I had no intent of actually participating in the co-op in the first place.Most of the features are poorly thought out and/or implemented like this.  I'd give them until February or March to fix the issues.  The game has so much potential, it's a shame that they aren't yet delivering on it.--- Edit ---Additionally, even with Ubi giving a free game for people who purchased the season pass, I want to just make some more things clear.1.  The AI players are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  In previous Assassin's Creed titles, the AI would chase you pretty much to the end of the earth.  In this title, they'll stand around even if you don't move from the marker of where they last saw you, scratching their butts, while you pick them off.2.  The final boss fight I won using smoke bombs.  Yes, I smoke bombed the final boss.  Yes, it worked.  Yes, the boss fell for it and let me get the required, scripted hits in.3.  Leading up to that fight, there's a fort.  The positioning and design of that map are the most fundamentally representative of the broken design in the game.  You can begin clearing it and the mobs have no facility to respond to what you're doing.  Once you've cleared those mobs out, you can work your way in.  The AI has managed the nigh impossible task of making World of Warcraft or EverQuest look like they have good AI players.4.  Ubisoft repeatedly tries to cram multiplayer down your throat -- their thought process appears to be ""you didn't take multiplayer the last 50 times we offered it to you (e.g. the last minute), lets offer it another 50 times.""  Hey brother, come help me.  Hey brother, come help me.  I'm surprised they didn't have five of the co-op guys calling in the boss room.Seriously -- the free game goes a way towards making up for this, but this game was not playtested in any meaningful way."
,Recommended,289650,32489273,Posted: 16 June,all,IIIGHOSTIII,Not the best Assassin's Creed but still a good one
76561198061335564,Recommended,289650,14546073,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Klarc,This game is not completely terrible I mean it still has bugs but overall the gameplay is still really fun and the multiplayer is fun as hell. But still just keep fixing the bugs and it should be fine.
76561198005038081,Recommended,289650,27993328,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Marius West,FUN CO-OP
,Not Recommended,289650,15730151,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,",,,, , Chameleon","Wow. It's like I am trying to play a game on my 8 year old laptop instead of my top of the line (runs everything else on ultra settings) desktop.  I don't know who decided to completely jack this game up, but thanks, you wasted my money.  With its completely choppy gameplay and stuttering performance, not to mention the pop-in textures and awful frame rate, this game is absolutely terrible.  Please for the love of all that is good, do not waste your money on this garbage.  Well I guess I got to watch some Templars burn at the stake before I got tired of it. So 2/10 would not watch templars burn again."
76561198138410922,Not Recommended,289650,13022448,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,quagmaire22,i do not recomend this for because they made this game for the rich not the poor good story to bad i wasted alot of money to watch it not even be able to run i dont care if they make it look real i just want to play with my friends and now i cant while they all can
76561198291859350,Recommended,289650,34441324,Posted: 23 August,all,Twilight,"although it always makes me angry,I love this series of games."
,Not Recommended,289650,33807053,Posted: 26 July,all,SgtMorningWood,"I have played almost every single assassins creed game and I was really hoping this would be one of my favourite ones. Unfortunatly it is definitely not and here is why.The combat system in this game is so poorly optimized you will barely make it out of a fight against five men, even when you have max armour and health. The NPC's will grab their guns and start unloading on you, they are maybe 2 metres away from you and they will just blast you in the face over and over again. There is no way you can block 5 pistol shots at once no matter how hard you try.The story was a bit overwhelming, jumping from one to another just leaving a total mess behind. It was just a complete chaos in my opinion. This is one of the worst assassins creed games I have ever played. I thought it would be fun because you can play together with a friend. But even that does not work.Not sure what I expected from ubisoft but this is just a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥compared the older games."
76561198105227608,Recommended,289650,34875950,Posted: 10 September,all,Es Jefe Man,"At its current state, it is one of my favorite games in terms of gameplay and setting. IMHO, it is overall better than Syndicate."
,Recommended,289650,34862058,Posted: 10 September,all,Lythnic,"Although there has been some updates to fix some of the bugs, theres still quite a lot of them. Some are so bad it makes the game unplayable until you restart it. Still, the game is a fun and I would recommend it"
,Recommended,289650,34880563,Posted: 11 September,all,MysticShadow,Purchased the game as my first game from steam as im new to pc gaming. As a long time AC player i think this game works great. Its tougher than on ps3 in my opinion and makes the game fun and challenging.The only downside is coop missions are tough with the lack of people that still play. I play regularly so add me on steam and ill roll with you.
76561198189610131,Recommended,289650,35005398,Posted: 16 September,all,Kim Faen?,"I really recommend this, the game is great sometimes bugs can be seen but I just ignore them. Graphics are amazing and the 17s France is a great idea. The story was fine, a bit hard to understand what you where doing and it was kind of short. Other than that this game is amazing and I highly recommend it to every Assassin's Creed player."
76561198040833301,Recommended,289650,35262071,Posted: 28 September,all,volmat,"Ubisoft really put in extra effort with this game compared to the rest of the series and it really shows. Crowds are massive and can have hundreds upon hundreds of people in them at a time and the scenery is outstanding compared to the blandness of the rest of the series. Running this game on ultra is quite the experience and is the only fun I've had in an Assassin's Creed title to date. This is really the only Assassin's Creed title where you can slip in and out of sight using the commotion of the hundreds of people around you and truly act like an assassin. It is safe to say that when they were met with mediocre reviews due to people with poor computers being unable to run the game they decided to return to their old formula of doing the bare minimum and playing it safe with 10-20 people on screen at a time so everyone could better ""enjoy"" the pos that is Assassin's Creed: Syndicate."
,Not Recommended,289650,31031704,Posted: 8 April,all,Faust VIII,"On uplay and steam , i have all AC games...im fan of this series but this game is so bad i shamed for ubisoft for release this game...Dont buy it or if you are making collection wait %90-95 discount..."
76561198022039830,Not Recommended,289650,28177738,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Monroe,"This is a tricky one. If you can get it under $5 sure it's worth it. But there's so much wrong with this game it's hard to argue it's worth anything more. For starters they dumbed down the controls. Often I found myself stuck in a circle of jumping when I just wanted to use a damn ladder. AC III and Black Flag I felt had a good control system but they added this intuitive control system that has you jumping on walls for no reason and unable to drop to the ground when you hit the drop button. If I want to take fall damage that's my freaking choice. It's maddening every single time and the game is full of it. The only bright side is I have yet to run across any serious race missions, though the 'modern day' (don't want to spoil it) may turn into that later on. I'm still relatively early in the game.Combat does a similiar thing too. In ACI - IV I felt I could basically deal with any threat as long as I was fast with my block and my attacks. I lose all this in Unity. Every swing can hit, my target randomly changes, I have no awesome moves like in the other games and the combat feels like a drop down to ACI in keeping it simple - too simple.Even after all these patches, that I waited for before I bought the game, the game still has floating NPCs and full of bugs. I had my psychic lady get caught between two NPCs walking the opposite way and dragged all the way across the district for example.The game is also a step back. It feels more like it should have been released before ACIII (though the graphics are great and detail amazing). In ACIII and Black Flag you were building a commuity, manning warships, etc. You're stuck mainly in one city, granted the city is huge and there's probably 100+ hours of content but that's all there is. Yes, the game is still open world, but it feels closed when compared to the open seas of Black Flag and the vast wilderness and warfields of III.And Dead Kings DLC pops up after Sequence 3 I believe but it takes place after Sequence 12, so here I am thinking I'll be playing it chronologially and enter with mainly default gear against 5 star baddies with no way to return. For some reason I'm rescuing a kid and a book, the storyline is never really flushed out. Eventually you can return after you beat memory 2 of it but it gives minor spoilers.Oh, and almost forgot. They have this new feature that lets you solve crime. Fun stuff, but the box that you need to read things is CONSTANTLY being filled up with tips and information about where you're at. I literally waited ten minutes for these tips to disappear on the Marat murder before I gave up. The thing wouldn't let me read the clues.Update: I went ahead and continued playing, figuring why not. I even was tempted to change to recommend at times. I enjoy the Assassin's Creed universe so I wanted to see this chapter when right before memory 12 the save game won't load. 56 hours of progress gone."
76561198205174760,Recommended,289650,14688845,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Mister Noose,There are some bugs but overall I think its a good game.
,Recommended,289650,15312510,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Sully,"I’m going to have to disagree with many and say that Assassin’s Creed Unity is one of the best Assassin’s Creed developed to date. From its outstanding sound quality to immersive world to welcomed new gameplay mechanics, this game is beautifully well done.Yes it has bugs and not well optimized for PC and rather predicable story but that is all its negatives.It has the most believable environments where the world actually feels alive with a filled world with lots to do, not just collectibles this time. From its Paris stories which I personally loved, to the murder mysterious which does not hold you by the hand (and I hope they keep in future Assassin’s Creed games), to its enigmas (personally did not enjoy, it felt like a boring scavenger world but yet I welcome it as it is different), to its theatre missions, to the Dead King’s outposts and underground exploration, I loved this game.It had the potential for so much more which I was sad they did not utilize but makes me excited for what the future of Assassin’s Creed beholds.Overall, if you computer can play it, it is a must play."
76561198029924485,Recommended,289650,15407135,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Farinchi,My day:1. Visited Paris.2. Slit some guy's throat.3. Free ran.4. Watched mygirlfrienddie.5. Saw a clan of cats in a boat with a crazy man.6. Killed the crazy man (he deserved it).7. Cats teabagged him.8. Jumped off a castle.9. Fell from 20m and lived.10. Killed a man in a cape just for his clothes.11. Clothes didn't come with cape! (must have lost it)12. Tripped out and saw the future of paris.13. Saw a glowing sword.14. Stopped tripping out.15. Hangover ended.16. Wheeled over to my computer and played some Assassin's Creed Unity.
76561198007613376,Not Recommended,289650,33797889,Posted: 25 July,all,Curley,"I assumed critics and players were being harsh on this game, but I still gave it a pass at launch. Now with Origin on the way I figured I'd catch up (I also hadn't played Syndicate yet). They should have ironed out the creases by now. Turns out, this game is still riddled with bugs, but honestly, I wouldn't mind if it were just a few bugs here and there. The game overall just feels very unpolished. It definitely feels like an unfinished game, many of the quests feel completely phoned in, animations are sloppy. It's just not fun. There are some good and novel bits to be sure, but it's really not worth the time and the frustration, IMO. Even the story is a let down. There's nothing that advances the overall plot of the series. Eventually I just started rushing through the main quest to just be done with it. After playing this I was really worried about Syndicate. I thought maybe taking a break from the series highlighted the flaws in the AC formula. But only 2 hours into Syndicate and the difference in quality is huge. It reaffirmed that Unity is just a bad game.tl;dr: Skip Unity, play Syndicate."
,Not Recommended,289650,19263178,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,OhGodAGod,"I am a very -large- fan of the Assassins Creed franchise. I say this upfront because that is the only reason I played this completion.First, the good! Paris is a character in it's own right. The city is vast, filled with such realistic and charming arcitecture that makes you feel that no matter where you go, you are fully immersed in world with some pretty spectacular graphics and facial animations (even if half the city are cut and paste clones, especially in crowds). Now the bad...Everything else.Even after a year since it's release, on a rig that can run The Witcher 3 on ultra with very little hitches, this game chugs until I was dropping the graphics to Low just to finish up the last few chapters when my frustration ran too hot. This is a very poorly optimized port, and whatever progress the patches have made to the fact have done little if anything. I personally experienced very few bugs, but I know they were rampant for some during this games early days. It was this stuttering that ruined any immersion that the game had built up for me when I would be running down a road, freeze, and get suddenly teleport and get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by some random thugs.While the political intrigue of Paris during this time was very interesting, that was because the characters themselves were not, the main two characters being given a basic motivation and nothing else in terms of character and the relationship between them leading to an ending I predicted hours ago, and did not care a bit about. The story fails to make you care as you kill your way up the normal hierachy of villians for no other reason than one mans juvinille quest for revenge, conviently leading from one to another like a transperent way to pad out the time as interchangable, and almost visually identical bad guys get the knife.I wanted to like the game, but after 15 hours in of messing around Paris, I no longer cared. Whatever good traits this game has are drowned in the mediocraty. I won't call this a bad game, but it's forgettable, just like I've already forgotten who the last boss was ten minutes after just finishing it. This adds nothing to the overarching story, and by looking up cutscenes on youtube, you will save yourself alot of time and money"
,Recommended,289650,21695250,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,big kuf,"set uplay into offline mode and it literally doubles your framerate. You'll still get occasional drops, especially during cutscenes, but it's not as bad as if you're playing online. Multiplayer in this game isn't that good anyway. If you can get past the technical issues, it's not a bad game,7/10"
,Not Recommended,289650,23127288,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,EagleSoaringOverLakeRiver,"Now with the 30+ gigs of patches Unity is now playable. By no means does it run well, but there are much less gamebreaking bugs but there is still a plethora of graphical hiccups and bugs and framerate issues. The story is alright, not the worst story in the world but nothing great either, the gameplay is standard fare Assassin's Creed with some improvements to the freeruning. One of the primary issues I have with this game isn't any of the frame rate issues or graphical problems. It's the fact that despite this game taking place in France during the French Revolution, all of the characters that have any sizable dialogue have English accents, that's moronic to me and it just ruins my enjoyment of the game. The combat is terrible, there have been times where I will throw a smoke bomb so I can kill a few enemies easily but Arno will just stand there not responding even through I'm furiously clicking my attack button. The controls are just bad, they're stiff and difficult to effectively use while running and/or climbing, I get stuck on♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time, sometimes I just get stuck on air! I swear I have never had more difficulty getting through a window than I have in this game. All in all the is a tolerable game, it's a 4/10; only buy it when it's on a huge sale and don't expect much."
76561198008900137,Not Recommended,289650,12937772,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tank179,"Long time fan of the assasin, but this one is the utter definition of dropped the ball.   Same old combat, same old everything really, no pirate ships, no assasin recruits, heck, even no duel hidden blades.   The only new thing in this game is co-op which is more bothersome than just plain singleplayer unless you know your teammate and are on Team Speak, even then, it hardly justifies the rest of this game.   Do not bother until the price has gone down to $20 because thats all this game is worth."
,Not Recommended,289650,13068340,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Cole Mooneyes,"Barely runs on AMD systems and has a huge memory leak for RAM it uses 96 percent of my RAM(32 gigs of RAM) as of writing this, I will write an actual review when I can play the game without fear of burning out my RAMEdit: Still broken beat the game running at 15-20 frames per second just because I felt I bought this garbage I'm going to beat it I still to this day don't recommend this game it runs poorly no matter what rig I play it on and to top it off Arno has to be the least interesting Assassin's Creed character ever seriously we went from Edward Kenway and Aveline de Grandpré to this cardboard cutout I say wait for the next game and ensure that it's a working game even before you buy it"
76561198015772283,Not Recommended,289650,12941036,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,merch08,they ruined the idea of assassins creedthe main story is not connected to the games and what ever small fraction that they did use is lame and unworthy of the name assassins creed.
,Not Recommended,289650,13133524,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Catfish,"(Update on 12/18/2014): Well the fourth patch finally released and that being Ubisofts ""game fixing patch for everyone"" I can honestly say I'm never buying Ubisoft again and that I most likely will never play this game again. (More indepth review below TL;DR. previous update from third patch moved below)TL:DR Still horrible performance after fourth update, all hope is lost...I wrote a review before this one but I was not specific enough and it was more of a rant than informative. I realize this is a bit of a rant but still informative. I also dont care if you think my spelling/grammar is bad, thats just me and not your problem... :)(fourth patch update  on 12/18/14): Never buying Ubisoft games again (as stated above) this patch was supposedly supposed to fix 99% of the bugs/glitches/framerate issues that the other two patches didnt. Well that idea went down the drain, I have had absolutly zero performance increase (steady 15FPS just idiling, link to my PC at bottom) I played for about five minutes today and  thats probably the last I'll ever play of this game and anyother Ubisoft games, and thats alot for me because I adored Assassin's Creed III, Assassins Creed: Black Flag, and Watch_Dogs. Farwell you pile of garbage. (if you want more info, read my earlier reviews and theres my gameplay experience.)(Update on 12/8/14 for third patch): So I wasted my money and three updates later, I still feel I wasted my money? I cant find any news besides them saying they are working mainly on crashes(http://goo.gl/EpDMwV)at this rate, I'll never buy Ubisoft games again.Review (11/28/14 first and second patches): I cant belive this, the game has been out for almost a month now and I still cant get above 30FPS on lowest quality graphics, yet my PC can run Battlefield 4 on high/ultra graphics and get a constant 70+ framerate (link to parts at bottom. This is garbage, its making me more and more frustrated with Ubisoft by the day. They released a day one and two patch which only reduced bugs... Seirously*?(I'll talk more about that later) From launch day I've never gotten a reliable 30fps when it counts (outdoors running around completing missions) but I can tell you I get a reilable 10-15fps on lowest quality. In all honesty, in other games (i.e. DayZ/Arma) I am used to the 15ish FPS because thats all ive ever known for thoes games but I got better frames on Assassin's Creed: Black Flag on my Playstation 4 and Assassin's Creed III on my Playstation 3 than I do on my far more powerful PC. I have not seen any of the seirous bugs that others have mentioned before me (mainly because I can hardly play the game) but I have seen my fair share of popins and lighting issues. Before you go complaining ""Oh, you are such a d-bag, you have 5 hours logged"", I can assure you, I spent more time up and away from my computer because I was so frustrated with the game that I was too angry to even close it out than I really spent playing. The story is ruined for me and so is the franchise, I'll never preorder a game again because of this screw up (it was my first time pre ordering a game too!). I did like the fact that Ubisoft came out and said that they would be giving free DLC to people who got the game and free DLC/Game to people who bought the season pass or the gold editon but honestly, they should give a free game to everyone. I dont understand why I am getting less of a game than others simply because I bought AMD/Radeon, and before you go saying ""Oh, you are such a d-bag, you should have gotten Intel/GTX"" I'll have you know this is the first gaming PC I've owned/built, so screw off.* The first and second patches were mainly bugs, really? Sure, I understand there were some major game breaking bugs that needed to be fixed but this is un believable, I spent $60 on a game, trusting that it would be in working condition on launch day. I survived Battlefield's launch, I think I could survive a few more bugs but when Ubisoft spent all their time and assets fixing bugs and not the graphics issues PC players had? That was like a slap in the face with the money I just handed them, and what made it even worse was the fact that its STILL NOT FIXED, WE ARE ALMOST A MONTH IN AND I CANT GET ABOVE 30FPS! I would actually be happy to play the game at a constant 30FPS on low quality rather than a unreliable 20FPS on low quality.My PC:http://pcpartpicker.com/user/irridessence/saved/NVcBD3(I understand the case/keyboard/mouse/headset dont matter, they were already in there and, No I'm not changing it.)"
76561198032903469,Not Recommended,289650,12939150,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,RayCats,"It's an unplayable unobtimized mess full of bug, crash and microtransaction. If they fix all the problems, then it would still be just an ok game."
76561197971139530,Not Recommended,289650,12941501,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Seo Camo,"the short version lack ..... the game is shipping too soon ... i got a new pc in the start of this year and it have problems with this game lack lack what i can run any thing on very high no problem but this.  .. plus a new control system for running it is not a flow as in the old one from any of the old games, again it is just not done, shipping too soon ... the story is back to the good old one(no more ships YEA!), that is good, but i am sad to say THIS GAME DEAD WITH Desmond!!! so sad.."
76561198042986440,Not Recommended,289650,14477448,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,cgypunk,garbage
76561198221285316,Recommended,289650,22883117,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Godspeed,A good story line!
,Recommended,289650,23235461,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,N9NΞCROSIX,Yis
,Recommended,289650,35429011,Posted: 2 October,all,zuhairkn,Amazing and very fun game.
76561198023202966,Recommended,289650,27160134,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EnATeX,Game if very good if you have the needed specs!If you dont have the required specs better off without it.But overall Great Game!
76561198076385678,Recommended,289650,19163245,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Solo Avenger,"I was hesitant to buy this because of the mostly negative reviews, but I'm glad I gave it a chance! Not quite as easy to get swept away in as Black Flag, but easily in my top 3 AC games. Beautiful setting, more personal story, and genuinely difficult stealth driven assassination missions. The customization is also the best it's ever been, though not as engaging as Black Flag's crafting was. 4 out of 5 stars, pleasantly suprised."
,Recommended,289650,19274392,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,elelunicy,"Even one year after the release it still is easily the most beautiful and graphically impressive game I've ever played. Especially its lighting, which destroys pretty much any competitions out there. The game plays flawlessly for me at 4k maxed out."
,Not Recommended,289650,20204187,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,frankiejou,"Play BlackFlag: 30~60FPSPlay Unity: 5 FPSBuy new computer first, then buy this game when 75% off."
76561198170375539,Recommended,289650,28795544,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,★Ragna★,So nice
76561198339644907,Not Recommended,289650,28970089,Posted: 3 January,all,MercilessKatana,I bought this on sale with 90% off its original launch price.I want my money back
76561198257528891,Recommended,289650,28982028,Posted: 3 January,all,🐰 POZITIV ✔,7/10 FOR THE CHARACTER !9/10 FOR THE STORYLINE !9/10 FOR THE STEALTH !8/10 FOR THE ANIMATIONS !9/10 FOR THE SHADOWS  !6/10 FOR THE OPTIMIZATION !8/10 MY GAME RATING !My personal recomendations:If you are a big fan of assassins creed than you should buy this game but if not its not worth the money !Hope you liked my rewiew and please dont forget to like it becouse its free god damn it ! ;3
,Not Recommended,289650,13005814,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Kai,"System requirements are way too high for a unoptimized, inefficient game that provides the same kind of gameplay and repeatable missions without the cost of the season pass involved on top.A GTX 660 is capable of playing this game with a 4th generation i5 cpu, and yet the massive stuttering that occurs every time the game wants to 'load everything' from someplace causes it to freeze for a whole 10 seconds.While the emphasis is on large crowds, there really is no point of wasting away resources to render them graphically and have them animate when in urban areas and alleyways full of obstruction, AS you may not see them at all, so there lies the inefficiency.While others are talking about the massive amounts of bugs, there seems to be a lot of 'desyncronization' bugs when the game stutters and freezes, it's like you are playing a MMO and there's crap internet connection that causes you to warp all over the place once in a while, through walls and all.You still fall through the walls and such with parkour and such, but not through the floor anymore due to patch 2. Even partially 'touching' and being stuck to the wall because your shoulders clipped into it can make the game unplayable until you restart the mission again.I personally have not experienced so many game breaking bugs, only massive frame rate losses in the odd moments of the game."
76561198249464304,Not Recommended,289650,33597240,Posted: 16 July,all,Krampus,"30 minutes into it and already feel like its a refund case.The story (can we call it that way?) goes two side, no attachement to the character(s).Controls are buggy, so worst than AC1 were you had sometimes problems with directions  like ""oops didnt meant to do this"" and the graphics are very basic.I could have played longer just to add up more and more cons for this game."
76561198110826130,Not Recommended,289650,33574716,Posted: 15 July,all,Ado0omy,"Good game if you want to take nice screenshots,  otherwise still a little buggy and AI is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ Can't believe Ubisoft still went on to release this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game with all its faults."
76561198073108866,Not Recommended,289650,33635682,Posted: 18 July,all,Crowdey,"This game is purely UNPLAYABLE.........I can't recommend it to anyone....you need an ultra pc to actually hold that 40 fps..... not even reaching 60....it has bugs, frame drops, the combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to other AC'S and the graphics are downgraded.....too bad i can't refund it...."
76561197993111834,Not Recommended,289650,30232124,Posted: 27 February,all,zabian,"Don't buy this!  Even if it's on a great sale!  Consistantly crashes every 15mins on a way over-spec machine.  Fixes listed here on Steam community won't work for everyone, as I tried them myself and they did not work.  Some theorize it's a problem with Win10.  Ubisoft obviously abandoned the game past a certain point."
,Not Recommended,289650,12939607,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Pioneer,"Could have been amazing if looking at all of the principles of the game, but because of the graphics issues it looks like a 4th grade classroom of autistic children could have made this"
76561198050358634,Not Recommended,289650,30737703,Posted: 25 March,all,Ivanov,Windows 10 frequent crashing  with 15 minutes of play.I do not recommend on a win10 system.
76561198078652236,Not Recommended,289650,30763882,Posted: 26 March,all,T H O T  S L A Y E R,"I played an hour of this game and it has crashed 6 times, you think a game would work 3 years after release and after the hate it got for being so borked, i guess they don't care lmao, sucks because i had it for the ps4 at release and it ran smoothly... another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc port. 1 HOUR OF GAMEPLAY AND IT HAS CRASHED 6 TIMES I WILL FIND U UBISOFT AND I WILL END YOU RIGHTLY... this game is good behind the fact that it crashes quicker than it takes for a pizza pocket to cook. NEVER BUY"
,Not Recommended,289650,30765858,Posted: 26 March,all,AdderTude,"The game was buggy as hell, detail distance was a joke on ""High"" settings, the writing was kind of a mess, and the AI could wallhack at times despite being behind full cover (i.e. out of sight).I found myself hating the game the more I played and overall, it wasn't a fun experience. ACIII was okay, Black Flag was awesome, but Unity is definitely the worst of the bunch. Not worth playing, especially since the modern period abruptly stopped (as in, after the game ended, there was no closure for the modern-day Assassins tracking down Germain's bones). In fact, there was very little by way of the modern side of the story. I feel like you won't be missing a whole lot by skipping Unity and going straight to Syndicate."
,Not Recommended,289650,30701113,Posted: 24 March,all,Bubidibop,I like story but it's so buggy!I recommend this game to someone who doesn't care about bugs. But no to others.This really could have been a gem in AC franchise but they dun goofed.
76561198026976953,Not Recommended,289650,13015850,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Tier,"i7 4790k, 16gb ram, GTX-770. I can't play on better settings than 'high', with 1600x900. I have 24"" full HD monitor so it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Recently i had more FPS drops, resulting in sudden change of running direction of my Arno, so i had to drop to MEDIUM. Yes, i have to play on MEDIUM and 1600x900 with Geforce GTX-770. Seriously, thinking about releasing Rogue when Unity is not even finished yet?"
76561198059481314,Not Recommended,289650,35260397,Posted: 28 September,all,archcycle,"""ACU.exe has stopped working."" ....< BEGIN EDIT> I have now logged 0.8 hours on this game. It has crashed on me 5 times. Nothing else crashes on my computer. I play all of the AAA games at high to ultra. It's not me. I've been through every fix Google can come up with. I've now spent 3 hours trying to play this game, and 0.8 hours IN game, which is not to say spent playing the game, which is closer to 0.25 hours. ♥♥♥♥ you ubi<END EDIT>Didn't even make it through the first tutorial mission. I thought I was pretty clever this time around. Waited some years to give Ubi to fix their AC game and then picked it up for $10. Guess I'll try again. At least this time having paid just $10 I was more amused at Ubi than mad.<BEGIN EXTRA EDIT> I can't believe I have to submit a refund request for an ubi game. $10 is so terribly trivial, but this is principle. You know they're always bad at launch, and typically bad for a while, but this is HORRIBLE and they've had two years. I'm still amused in a sense though. Ubisoft you have truly outdone yourself. Now I'm going to try to play the other AC title I picked up at the same time for another $10 and i sincerly hope it is playable. Not holding my breath.<END EXTRA EDIT>"
76561198106641751,Not Recommended,289650,35258159,Posted: 28 September,all,jKing,"After years since release it´s still full of bugs and not optimized. Gameplay is boring. Fights are easy, you can make lot of mistake but you still don´t die. Controls is weird, confused and non-intuitive.Mission are repetitive - follow this guy, follow that guy. Kill this guy and  escape. Same mission since AC1. Like come on ubisoft, you can do something better, not recyclate same ♥♥♥♥ again and again."
,Recommended,289650,35206756,Posted: 25 September,all,FknNoctuaXQ,"NoctuaXQ Reviews -Assassin's Creed Unity!Resolution: 3440x1440!Settings: Custom! (High Shadows, AA off)Frame-rate: Soild 60 Frames Per Second!Main Review Piece:If you're worried about bugs, let me tell you, on older accounts, on 2014 hardware, AC Unity turned out to be my faucking game of the year & got me into PC Gaming on the whole, now let me blow a hole in the walls and break y'all out, truly speaking, I never had missing textures of any kind nor did I crash, I played Unity pretty much bugless, in 1620p in 2014, With my 980 SLI, naturally with SLI, Issues did come my way in Patch 1.4.0, without rain being applied, AC Unity in 1.4.0 would flicker like heaven on fire, LMAO! However I let support know and quickly with Patch 1.5.0, I once again had no issues, and now, we're in 2017, I am no longer using my 1080 SLI, and on a single 1080 Ti, what you see above applies, no bugs, good res, good settings, good fps, that simple .Now I knew AC Unity would be my 2014 GOTY, due to how I have a hopeless never-ending, always active taste, for romance against earth storylines and the idea of an pretty interesting Assassin and a quite HAWT Templar, mixed in with what I feel will forever be one of my top moments in history, The French Revolution, Additionally, on my new account, I am working towards every achievement, and I'm pretty much just go to do my time on everything, so my question? If I ran through the game twice now, on two fully different setups, how come you're listening instead of taking a chance? Worst-to-worst, if you still notice bugs, refund your copy, however don't do that on the first sighting in like 10 hours of gameplay, be wise and be chill I'd say, just enjoy Unity, for despite whom had issues, Unity is a pretty good game, better than ACS, that is for sure... LOL!Now as far as content goes, oh ♥♥♥♥ lmao, if you don't own Skyrim, AC Unity is your next best bet for content and an open world right now, there is hella much to do, so if content is what you like as a hardcore gamer, I believe AC Unity is your new game to play, if you haven't done so already, so righto, all in all, the game is great, bugs pretty much don't exist anymore, I myself have noticed none in my current run which is a full overall AC Unity 100% sync this time, not just the single player missions.I have achieved 100% Sync Overall in AC Unity and in Dead Kings .Ending Piece: Ayy lmao, Unity calls out to you Assassin, do you answer her call?Don't Dislike W/O Reading my review, or any other selfish matter."
,Not Recommended,289650,13315260,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,hehe,ХАВНО
76561198028721530,Not Recommended,289650,12891985,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rick,"As I'm sure you've seen with everyone else, Assassin's Creed is a great, fun series, but this game is completely broken. Period. Unless they churn out a massive bug patch, DO NOT buy this."
,Not Recommended,289650,13058896,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SalemMcGee,"DO.NOT.BUY.Unity is by far the WORST AC game ever made and I doubt they will continue the series after this massive flop.Not only the game is a buggy mess that WILL melt your computer and make you have to force reboot whenever it crashes - because the game makes your GPU crash , not only the application itself - with little to no optimization (25-40 fps on a GTX 670 with a intel i7) , it also has NO redeeming qualities at all.Combat sucks. The AI is dumber than it ever was in any AC game and will lose sight of you from 3 meters away behind a barrel. The parkour is choppy and unintuitive. Co-op is awful and laggy , and other players will make you lose rewards by rushing in like gigantic idiots because they don't know you lose points from being spotted.The story is awful and predictable. Characters have no personality and names are thrown in with no cohesion at all, and now apparently Alexandre Dumas was a war hero.Without a single doubt the worst game of the year. If you really want to play it , download it from a torrent, but DON'T PAY A CENT for this piece of crap. There is NO incentive to play online , because the game is basically a pay to unlock .You'd  rather have everything unlocked from a crack than play any co-op mission, trust me."
76561198113068022,Recommended,289650,25131111,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Somebody once told me,good geim
,Not Recommended,289650,12891991,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TheQ - Gucci,"I'm extemley dissapointedWhile I appreciate that Ubisoft is really trying to deliver the best quality game possible, they very much overestimated the communities general ability, computer wise.I have a slightly modded x51, and it runs pretty much everything on high settings no problem.But this game, even on its lowest possible setting was still impossible to play. I see it being amazing on console, but I don't have the money to shell out for a PS4, and I don't have the money to shell out to upgrade my GPU either, considering they cost about the same.Overall, I'd say it's probably amazing if your computer can handle it, but even if you meet the minimum specs, you're better off not getting it for now.Sorry Ubisoft, you gotta cater to the general populous, not the people who have $500 to drop on a new GPU."
76561198060866982,Not Recommended,289650,12891548,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,freesonwang,"I had huge hopes for this game, like I thought it was gonna be a hella gamechanger.However, the game doesn't quite work well even on a high-end system. The sound is fine and I get decent FPS, but every now and then the lighting will turn super weird into all these different shapes, to the point where it's not recognizible as a game. I literally cannot get past the third mission because of it, and it's making me disappointed.Also the game crashes way too much.Truthfully, I have probably played one hour of real game and two hours being played by the game (trying to fix these stupid bugs.)Hopefully a better patch will come because I did spend $60 on it.I'm a huge fan of AC but this is really, really disappointing.But hey at least the graphics are good! We can see every last strand of Arno's gratuitous ponytail!"
,Not Recommended,289650,12891707,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Fancy Space Fox,"Even on low, my gtx 760 2gb, intel 17 3.5ghz, and 12gb of ram and I'm lucky to get 30fps. Oh and on the cutscenes... yeah I never get above 15fps on cut scenes. Consoles are having the ame issue, what the hell was Uibosoft thinging releasing this carp in its state? I took two days off work to be able to record and edit this crap."
,Not Recommended,289650,12893075,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NewGuy,"As of right now this game is practically unplayable without a computer well above the ""recommended"" stats.  My computer has a top of the line graphics card, an above recommended CPU, more than enough RAM, and a fast enough HDD.  I've had to lower the graphics to low for environment, textures, and shadows at multiple parts throughout the game.  Aside from that the game hardly ever runs at 30 FPS, it usually sits around 20-25 for me.  The screen likes to go bananas sometimes and shoot off to some random angle without my input to do so.  During combat this is extra annoying.Overall the game right now is buggy, unoptimized, and nowhere near a steady 30 FPS that is almost required to play any game nowadays.  Unless you have a beast of a computer I'd wait on getting it until they (hopefully) fix some of these problems.Some pros are:  The parkour feels good, the combat is more difficult and fun, you also die a lot faster (2-4 hits).  Haven't tried co-op since most of my friends waited for the review first, and after the flop it turned out to be, decided not to buy it.  Mine was a gift from someone though, or else I also would have waited for the review.Last note, the tutorial is by far the worst part in terms of lag, glitches, and bugs.  If you do have the game, it gets a little better once you finish the tutorial, so hang in there and see if it's playable after that."
76561198017743989,Not Recommended,289650,12896210,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dr Pepper,"Following in the joyful wake of Black Flag, Unity's France is bleached, boring, and tiresome after a couple hours of playing.Heres a couple things Ive decided so far:- Combat is atrocious, many times amounting to two slashes traded followed by a body slumped on the floor... many times that of your own due to obnoxious bystanding assailants peppering you with shot as you awkwardly flail about. Sometimes you mysteriously fall dead at a nick. Firearms are also wielded with drunken repose. Clumsiest fighting system of the last several games...- Crowds are much more dense, but also that much more painful to wade through. The engine is also quite happy to populate interesting places that really dont need 15 people to stand about gawking.- The minimap and world is cluttered with crap that you really probably have no interest in anyways. Here, have some markers for newspapers on each block. Heres a glittery object that gives you stats on the fact that youve unlocked armors, despite the fact that you can do that by pressing tab. Heres a glittery object that tells how much of the game youve completed. Heres another glittery object that ambiguously ranks you against other people, because you care about that right? Heres a glittery object that lets you form a guild (Why?). Heres a mission where an endless parade of other players will pop into your mission and do nothing worthwhile, then die and disconnect.- On that note, Ubisoft tries to shove multiplayer down your throat. Most people I know dont give two weeviled baguettes about multiplayer in a game like this. An immersive and thoughtful story and decent gameplay would be great. Try investing more effort in that.- Arno is about as interesting as the sheet of cardboard I keep in my garage should I have to work under my car or lawnmower. The characters are so damned lame. Usually AC breathes stunning life into each era it works with, but this installment feels as dusty as a tomb. There have been several pretty cool segments so far, but theyre quite fleeting. I really have a hard time caring at all about the entire Revolution occuring during the game, frankly.- Climbing is laughably bad this time around. You'll float up precipitous portions of vertical architecture like an ungodly ghost-ape, but have a great deal of trouble decending despite the hyped downward free action.- The Ubisoft DLC money grab is shameless. I expected nothing less from them, but it really gets old...Some of this stuff can be patched away, but theres some fundemental disappointments here. I really hope they work some magic on it, otherwise this might be the first AC I delete before I finish... And thats saying something considering how I always get pretty well completed with everything in the other games."
76561198036718272,Not Recommended,289650,12895776,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[R32W] xX_Bill_Clinton_Xx,"As of 8:04 pm EST, this game is close to unplayable. I have fallen through the world twice.I spent the first 30 minutes trying to adjust the graphics settings. (Which can't be done until you are through the first long cut scene) Only to find that they are missing many settings, such as:Vsync (Only has on/off)Refresh Rate (Mine goes up to 144hz)ResolutionEnviorment QualityTexture QualityShadow QualityAmbient OcclusionAnti-Aliasing Auality (FXAA, MSAA 2x-8x, TXAA)BloomWait to buy this game until it has been fixed."
76561198046743625,Recommended,289650,14699167,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,skottdtchlnd,"I just bought the game yesterday  (Feb 27). And I did that on purpose in order to give Ubisoft time to fix the game. So I didnt have my first experiences with thee game tainted by the disgust of a poorly optimized game. I love this game. I really think it's the best AC yet. The graphics aree really incredible, eeven compared to preevious assassin's creeed gamees.They also really upped the eexploration intrique. Theere are so many diffrent types of missions you can do...many ""hidden"" passages to explore. The eenvironment is really well done. And I love the the ""smooth descent"" feature they've added...now getting down from high places is just as easy as climbing them. AND LASTLY, I love how you have to earn your abilities with skill points. You dont just start off as an assassin that can just do anything. That makes me appreciate each aspect a lot more."
,Not Recommended,289650,25608653,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,kingjo,"extremely dissapointing. Game looks amazing but is unplayable due to graphic design causing massive drops in fps during combat (and free running) despite my pc specs being above recommended. Spent 2 hours trying to optimnize settings (trying ""known"" bug fixes on youtube) but still remains unplayable"
,Not Recommended,289650,12988667,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,RaY_s_Kan,"Don't have any massage for you, but it so bad to play game. many bug are make feeling bad for me. thx for fix"
76561197993891699,Not Recommended,289650,12895862,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Shrubs,"Horrible. Can't even get through a mission without a crippling bug of somesort popping up. I exceed the specs for this game and still it is not even playable on low settings. Hopefully they fix this very soon. I was really looking forward to this game too. I can't recommend this game till they fix the bug's, so if your looking at buying it, wait for a few weeks, hopefully they will have the kinks worked out by then."
,Not Recommended,289650,13051602,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Lord Frogberry,"Well, to start, the game is very poorly optimized and suffers from various glitches and bugs. All that nonsense can be patched out and likely will and I'm pretty sure we all know what a glitchy game looks like. As such, I won't be mentioning that sort of thing past this point since I wouldn't recommend this game even if it ran at 120 FPS  while looking better than Crysis 3. What can't be patched out are the numerous and inescapable design flaws that have utterly destroyed this game. Let's dive into them. (Note that I may ramble a short while here, but the ramblings will have a point.)*Uninteresting main characters who make irrational and erratic decisions. For the first time, I did not like the protagonist of an AC game. During a specific fight with an old friend of Arno's, I found myself wishing the old man would kill Arno so maybe I would be able to play as one of the three interesting characters in the game, the other two being the new King of Rats and good ol' Shawn.*Enough plot holes to give this game the nickname Assassin's Creed: Swiss Cheese. (For example, Arno's status within the Brotherhood at the end of the main story.)*It is devoid of rewarding gameplay. One of the many things I loved from previous AC games is the series of puzzles (almost all of them fun and well-designed, this game included) you can solve to gain access to an INTERESTING LOOKING and FUNCTIONALLY USEFUL set of armour. In this game, the reward is literally a recoloured version of Altair's robes that is purely cosmetic. Talk about a slap to the face after solving puzzles for an hour.*A crushing amount of immersion-breaking - including, but not limited to, asking you to create/link accounts in the middle of gameplay, (these next two are closely linked) being able to ""hack"" equipment to obtain it, and a series of missions known as ""Rifts"" that I found patently ridiculous. So, these last two have the same basic mind-numblingy outrageous problem. They both give Arno items/money through means that he did not have. You may hack items to gain access to them without Arno buying them and when you play the Rift missions which take place in a sort of purgatory-like simulation in a time period Arno was not alive during, you are rewarded with in-game currency that Arno can use to buy weapons and items. This is supposed to be a MEMORY SIMULATION. You are reliving MEMORIES that you can only participate in, not influence the outcome of. I don't think Arno had a person from the future controlling him and magically giving him money and equipment when he did this in his actual life, did he?*Due to in part by the uninteresting main cast, the story falls  apart more and more as it progresses, with the high point being in Sequence 4. This is when you meet one of the three interesting characters; the man who  will become the next King of Rats. Well, I hope you don't like interesting characters because he'll only be shown twice more after this in the entire game, one of the other interesting characters is killed by Arno for what I consider to be a very bad reason, and the last one standing is Shawn, who you never actually see and only hear from on a few occasions. His witty humour is still visible in the Database, if you're feeling nostalgic and want to forget what game you're playing for a few blissful moments. (Yes, I realize I put two points about characters, but it's honestly bad enough to deserve two points.)*The combat is unpolished, unfun, and - until you get a very powerful heavy weapon - almost always unfair. (Last- minute note I wanted to add: Want to know what was the most unfair and actually the worst-designed fight I've ever played? The final boss! Arguably the most important moment in the game, where everything you've been working towards comes to a head! It's almost beautiful in its horridness.)*The game suffers from serious issues recognizing and reacting to input, and as such the lockpicking system is torn asunder and blocking in the combat is made even more difficult.*A disturbing amount of missions have ridiculous ""full synch"" objectives, some of these objectives even require equipment you likely won't have purchased. That majority, though, are simply very poorly thought out. For instance, in other AC games, you would get full synch for doing common sense things or just doing the mission properly, but in this game the full synch objectives virtually never make sense. Some are outright impossible to fulfill (such as in a certain side mission where you must slide over/under 5 objects but there's not 5 to slide over/under and you're in a confined space).*The game is very random in its equipment unlock system. You can not get a single high-level full outfit because most pieces of every outfit are locked until you win it in a ""Club Competition"" or a seemingly unrelated co-op mission or main mission. I just want to look like a musketeer, Ubisoft. Let me have more than a bracer and some pants.*The game is essentially pay-to-win. You ""hack"" the most powerful items in the game right off the bat (with the power of real money, of course) and Ubisoft's Uplay rewards for this game are horribly, horribly unbalanced. The full soundtrack for the game costs 20 Uplay points, while 2000 of the game's currency can be purchased for 30 Uplay points. That same 2000 currency can be gained from a SINGLE medium-skill locked chest in the game.*Lastly - and this is a very subjective opinion that I hold that does not necessarily reflect negatively on the game - I am quite disappointed that there weren't more references to popular writers of the time, though there were a mild amount. Particularly Voltaire. I mean, you show absolutely none of the wittiest man of the century's writings, but you send the player to his tomb? Positively cruel.I'm sure I'm forgetting a few negative things, but there are a few positives, as well. These will be shorter as I'm a tad burnt out from all that ranting and raving (and also because they don't make up for the flaws).*The art team for this game was phenomenal. Just what I'd expect from a group of skilled artists with a beautiful universe to create in.*The mocap team was, as always, spot on. There's even a kissing scene about 30 minutes into the game that is the most realistic kiss I've seen in a video game to date.*Remember earlier when I said the ""main cast"" was bad? That's true, but most (maybe all) of the side characters I've seen were interesting, fleshed-out, and well-written.*The puzzle missions, murder mystery missions, Paris Stories (aka side missions), and Crowd Events (random events where you can help people) were for the most part very good. Puzzles and murder mysteries were engaging and sometimes challenging, and the Paris Stories were well-designed and really helped to flesh out the world."
76561197990262272,Not Recommended,289650,12893799,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Soul Stealer,"Absolutely terrible.  (2)780 GTX’s with a combined 8GB VRAM, on high settings the game is not even playable.  Do not waste your money on this."
,Not Recommended,289650,12896364,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,airburst95,"The optimization sucks, yeah, but the game is currently riddled with bugs.So far I've fallen through the world once, CTD twice, and twice now i've gotten stuck in the walls of buildings.There are limited settings aswell, for instance I can't rebind the ""parkour down"" button as well as many others.Also, whenever you go into the menu screen the second option is for an ""estore"" which allows you to pay for in-game cash. Furthermore the first (and only) chest I tried to unlock said I needed the AC ""companion app"" to open it (not sure how that works).Assassins Creed IV: Black Flag at this point is more enjoyable than this, and that's a little depressing...This is the worst launch of an Assassins Creed game I have ever experienced, Until this is fixed I do not recommend a buy."
,Not Recommended,289650,12893906,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Naphemil,constant black screens and freezeing before I could even play the game..... I'm still trying but my patience is wearing thin.I can play black flag or any other high end requiring game on ULTRA setting with like 60+ FPS yet I can't even get into this game? yea.
,Not Recommended,289650,12909791,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,MrPaper,This game is buggy s-h-i-t. Don't waste your money on it.
76561198031021618,Not Recommended,289650,12893682,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Knee Time,Unplayable due to crashes.  Very disappointing for a major release.
76561198121406324,Not Recommended,289650,12896197,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ShadowBloodNinja,"So, I was beyond excited for this game. I was dying for it. Then, i recieved this.Graphics are ok, i suppose. The textures are beyond glitchy, and forget the hair. All the ponytails were everywhere across the screen. I can't get beyond a certain cutscene, as it crashes the game and my laptop. My laptop is an alienware, and it can handle games worse than this. The cutscene is a simple guy throwing a table at who i assume to be Arno. The scene before that the people also teleport out, which i doubt should happen.In the beginning of the game there is a battle, i couldn't hear the dialogue due to sound issues with the game, nor could i follow what was going on. The mouse sensitivity was extremely bad, I only thought about touching my mouse and i was spinning around the character. I don't even know who i was playing, as i haven't even gotten to the protagonist. I managed to somehow not die against an assassin, and i managed to kill him which i was happy with. The amount of cutscenes though destroyed my game, i had no idea what was happening.I had a terrible issue with running and parkour, as i got disoriented. I was stuck on a single perch for a good minute, as the game refused to let me dive off and try and see if i could survive the landing. I couldn't run in a straight line, even after i went into controls to turn mouse sensitivity to as low as possible. I also had an issue getting away from a guard, due to my running speed being halved as the lag made me need to pause to reorient myself.All in all, I'm sure if they fix these issues then the game will be great. I really want to play more, sadly i can't. I haven't reached story yet, but French Revolution sounds like the best thing ever."
76561197999437097,Not Recommended,289650,12909652,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Spare Parts,This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy
,Not Recommended,289650,23209800,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,UnorthodoxTriceratops,"0/10Suffered through literal days of downloading (I live in the countryside), only for the game to crash every time i play for any longer than five seconds. Not to mention having to mess around with Uplay, which reguarly doesn't work and consequently locks you out of the game.EDITAfter finally managing to get the game to work, I was expecting something similar to Black Flag - just a little less piratey; however, the gameplay has been severely toned down (Can't fight with your hidden blade in combat anymore, assassinations only) and the story feels utterly hollow.Ubisoft seemed to have been trying to mash together Ezio's charm with Altair's moodiness, when making Arno. The only thing the main character makes you feel is satisfaction at when he falls off a rooftop to his death. Arno's reason for joining the assassins are never really explained too much - you kind of get the impression he was just bored. The unlikeable protagonist, and the rest of the two-dimensional cast, coupled with a story that has a plot about as coherant as a 90's action movie, will most likely lead to you uninstalling it before even half-way through"
76561198076396065,Not Recommended,289650,23214092,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,tonesims,"It's been a nightmare.  I gave it a shot despite the many bugs.  Uplay wouldn't let me launch the game unless the game was installed on the same drive as Uplay. So, I had to use 45 GB of SSD space to play this game which was annoying because this is the only game that does this. I verified the files, redownloaded onto other drives, etc...but the only solution was the SSD. Strike 1.After that I gave the game a start.  Frame rates weren't bad, but not great. 980 ti and 6700k at 1440p and i was getting in the 60s, but there were noticeable drops.  There were also numerous bugs in the game that were so annoying that I contemplated uninstalling the game.  People would randomly pop-in all of the time, they would walk through walls and tables, some would pop in with different outfits after a few seconds.  Arno would grab invisible ledges.  The edges of some people during cut scenes were straight out of the early 2000s.  No joke, one person's face had three jagged lines as his outline. Then the running was so buggy.  i would constanty run through people, but get stuck running in groups of people.  Strike 2.Since I installed the game on my SSD I deleted the extra DLC the game came with to save about 4 GB (the kings one).  Yay.  Well, not yet.  After deleting the DLC, I went to continue my game but the game wouldn't let me continue unless I downloaded the DLC again.  If I continued with the game it would erase my saves.  So I downloaded the DLC again and the same notice came up that my saved game would be erased unless I downloaded the DLC. So I deleted some extra content the main game didn't need and it wouldn't let me continue unless I downloaded it (which I did), but the game still wouldn't let me continue unless it erased my saved game. Strike 3. Uninstalled.I gave it a shot, but there were too many issues. What I did play was fine.  The world looked pretty, but the issues I faced were too much. I got the game while on sale and I wouldn't even recommend buying it unless it's $5.Edit: So I pushed through all of the errors and bugs in the game so I could finish it. I mean, I spent money on it so I should. Around sequence 9 things got rough. The assassination missions got significantly more difficult and what do you know...there's no checkpoint system at all.  The game says it's saving after some scenes, but whenever I died it would take me back to the beginning of the memory.  Until sequence 9 I guess I ddin't notice there were no checkpoints because I did the missions pretty easily. I never rage quit and I rage quitted so hard during those last missions. A mix of the enemies being OP and spotting me too quickly and combat being so wonky made it really frustrating.  If the game's controls and stealth were more accurate it wouldn't have been that bad. It wasn't even that it was hard, it was just a grind to redo 20 minutes of work multiple times because I couldn't parry quick enough (which isn't accurate) and die."
,Not Recommended,289650,13062431,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Erod0414,"Although this game looks complete in videos and no where in the discription does it say it isnt complete, this game might as well be in its beta stage it is nowhere ready for release and has multiple bugs i would say hold off on buying this game for pc until you start seeing good reviews."
76561198052116690,Not Recommended,289650,12911901,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,asweknowit,poorly optimized with frequent crashes even at the recommended specs.
76561198152806535,Not Recommended,289650,12895202,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Soybomb G,I wish I could write a review based on gameplay... but I can't even get into the actual game. It's kind of disappointing to pre-order this months ago and then not even be able to play. Same reasons of everyone else. Crashes regardless of computer specs or graphic levels. Really hope it gets fixed soon...
76561198117259805,Not Recommended,289650,13320919,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,barca-simen,♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198062801693,Not Recommended,289650,12893328,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Lordprimate,I will never buy another Ubsoft game EVER..... between this game and watchdogs.... Ubsoft can suck it... it would seem they have designed their games to run EXTRA ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on AMD processors... Everyone i know that has no problems with this game have and intel. Secondly....I have an AMD 9590 .. runnning at 4.7Ghz. and two 7950 HD 3gb. and I am getting 10 fps on LOW graffics settings....Unless you have a Super computer overclocked to 8ghz. with 64GB ram. and and AMD r9 300x  dont bother buying this game.
76561198002325186,Not Recommended,289650,13067554,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Zarkola,"There is no excuse for this, frame rates are unplayable for me (SLI).Black Flag was all on super high with change.This was a lesson for me, to never preorder any game!"
76561198133482158,Not Recommended,289650,12910435,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Grenade Mantis,"payed 60 dollars to ubisoft. make uplay account. turns out you need a nividia card. ubisoft, please make this playable for people with nividia, yes i get you want next gen graphics, but half of the people who bought your game on pc cant play the game in the first place.an update: it has been 20 or so days since i have posted a message to steam report. and there has been no response.  i do not know if pc gaming ESPECILLY on steam if i have to deal with this crap then get 60 dollars taken away from me is the right thing for me. in conclusion if you have a consle buy this game you'll be able to play bug fixes will come out soon. but if your stuck in the ♥♥♥♥ing mess i am then don't even bother"
76561198089462092,Not Recommended,289650,12892298,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Knuckleclodtwerp,Game doesnt work ubisoft only having advanced gaming computers work
76561198074051614,Not Recommended,289650,12892640,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Black Marvel,"Running on alienware 14 i7 able to start the game until the main menu and then it crashes during first gamplay, jut began and click continue and it crashed, cannot play now. waste of $90. refund?"
76561198110889415,Not Recommended,289650,12892861,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Raydden Prime,"terribly lagy even at the most lowest setting possible and I spent 60$ on this ,they really shoud fix that"
,Not Recommended,289650,12892731,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Futurerealm,"I want to just make things short and sweet right now. I bought a new graphics card in order to play my games at the best possible quality. I am an nvidia user off the bat, so I will be comparing everything for nvidia stats. From the start, the recommended card for the game is the  Geforce GTX 780. I have the Super Clocked GTX 970 and have slightly overclocked the card myself with MSI afterburner. The following are the optomized settings for gameplay with this really powerful GPU.Ambient Occlusion: OffAnti-aliasing: OffDisplay Mode: Full ScreenEnvironment Quality: LowResolution: 1360x768Shadow Quality: LowTexture Quality: LowNVIDIA Multi-frame sampled anti-aliasing: OffThese are the current optimized settings for the game with this card. This is not an opinion but simple facts which I feel will help a lot more people understand rather than how I previously explained that I was getting frame drops, lag, etc. I hope this helps and wards off people who cannot handle the game on their system. Im sure if I had a few Titans with SLI that I would enjoy the graphics and the story, however I don't. If the game had been coded better for PC than maybe we wouldn't have this issue, but thats what happens when they rush the port for pc from console. Oh well. Best of luck to you my friends!"
76561198036301477,Not Recommended,289650,12893373,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zebra,it just dosent seem like a finished game.so many bugs and issues with multiplayer+ the over hyped multi player content hardly works and has very little content from what ive seen so far.
76561198019382209,Not Recommended,289650,12896054,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Eukatae,"The controls are akward, glitchy, and unpredictabe. The story so far is bland, trite, predictable, and not even slightly immersive.I absolutely hate that semi-control cut scene crap. It is like they reached deep into the bag of things to do to ruin a game and took all of them.I am sick of getting shafted on preorders; it is becoming a hallmark of a bad game.After trying to get my money out of this game since refunds don't exist in this industry I wanted to update with a few more hours into it:Still sucks; although I like the story even less."
,Not Recommended,289650,12892494,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,fbmg.1699,Terribly buggy with intense requirements even for low quality. Falling through the world and quests not loading correctly to be expected. Free-running is broken and many texture issues are visible. Would not recommend at least until fixed. 4/10
,Not Recommended,289650,12893086,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,pain,This game runs so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on my $1200 desktop I get like 15 fps on lowest graphics
76561198083715002,Not Recommended,289650,12894431,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Lil Devastator,"Nope. Worst port by Ubisoft yet. Unless they patch this disgusting sack of unfinished♥♥♥♥♥♥they called a game, I will not continue to play it. I get 20-40 fps on medium settings, and I have a GTX 970 with a i5-4690k clocked at 4.3 ghz. I play games that are way more demanding than this at ultra, and with this game, I can't even hit 60. Do not reccomend.I am updating my post from when I first bought it to now, trying to give it a fair review, but I can't due to it not starting at all, and I have reinstalled it, done fixes, everything to this upsetting game, and nothing, it does not start, save your money, never buy anything from Ubisoft again, because the more money you give them will only make them worse."
,Recommended,289650,14790001,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,LeoMendU,"Well this is my first review for a game ever made.Firstly, I'd like to say that the performance issues are true, whether you're playing it at Ultra High or Low Graphics, you'll have always from 20 to 55 fps with the BEST pc you can make. Knowing a great deal of stuff about computers and being a big fan of AC Franchise. This issue is mainly not because of the graphics but because of the AI that this game has. It has the biggest amount of AI's from the history of games. This is some serius improvement, but with it costs.Secondly, though it has this main issue and others such as the face graphic glitch and some hit-boxes bugs, the experience you'll get for this game will be really great. The co-op in a game like this is something that it has never been created before and that really does worth the bugs and the graphic performance.Thirdly, the main storyline, Arno's story, is great. This is a really well thought campaign and I think it's also worth all the bugs and performance problems. Some would say that it is not connected with any other game, but think how difficult was to the developers to get together the innovative ideas they had, about the co-op, about the single player, about Arno and about the subject (person) that is in the animus (or helix called in this game) moving and playing around with Arno.I DO recommend this game, because I've played it all along at 25 -35 FPS in low settings with a Radeon HD 7850, 8 GB RAM, AMD A8 3870K APU x4 3.0GHz (Which I now regret having bought), SSD Kingston 128G, and it was still playable. In my country this PC has a value of 600 dollars aproximately. Which I earned for nearly a year reparing computersYou are not going to be upset more than some bugs and the performance issue. Because the story is immersive and real, made up in a real france from a real time; The Co-op is infinite, you could do the same mission infinite times and there would always be a new way to do it; The customization is varied, you get to choose gear that balances or enpowers your stealth, health, melee, and ranged abilities; the gameplay is versatile, you could engage and disengage fights with lots of combos from tools and weapons, you get to choose your fav weapon and even more. You'd have at least 80-100 hours of gameplay (singleplayer) and the rest leave it to the coop part.Hope this comment helps you, and please rate.PD: My native language is not English as you have noticed, so sorry for grammar and vocabulary mistakes."
76561197999326920,Not Recommended,289650,13057703,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Tumair,drob and drob and drop fps
76561198064999188,Not Recommended,289650,12926290,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ThaMoor,"no, no and no."
76561198140244321,Not Recommended,289650,12895489,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,sockmoney2,when they fix the bugs if they do will it change for the people who have already bought it
,Not Recommended,289650,12910165,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Yenom,playing with two r9-290x on ultra 2560x1440p on ultra with 2x AA getting 35-45 fps.. some reason v-sync makes it glitch out when turned off..  plays pretty smooth but game freezes on load screen right after you get blamed for a murder and you get knocked out by the guards.. im soo madd im not redownloading 55gb's... digital copies should be discounted since we have to use our internet to download the whole game and the money we save ubi soft from makeing hard copies...
76561198053979633,Not Recommended,289650,12895965,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,alexisonfirecardinals,"I am a huge fan of the Assassin's Creed series. Initially I was very excited about Unity. When I started the game up, the lag was absolutely horrific. Additionally, I can't even load the first level without the game crashing. My comp stats are at or at least very close to the recommended settings that Uplay requires. To make matters worse, I put the graphic settings to its lowest setting and still no cigar...I hear there is already a patch to fix the major issues, but for all the fans out there you may have to wait a while before playing."
76561197998699213,Not Recommended,289650,12906526,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,OCEANS_9,well im glad to see im not the only one thats had grafical problems and BTW ty UBI for takeing a total crap on a good series  how and why would a company such as this even release a game in this condition i mean seriously do you guys not even look at your product before you put your name and release date on it anymore ...... such poor FPS when ever you engage enemy it just gets so choppy. i hope you guys stop having your kids make video games for you out of your garage cus it shows in the quality1st patch came through still faild to fix a thing that i can see still choppy as hell. i mean the older Assains Creeds were so much fun its sad to see this happen to such a good title.
76561197969176951,Not Recommended,289650,13976797,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Serpentor,I can't believe I paid full price for this.
76561198080093237,Not Recommended,289650,13033307,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Hero of the Story,Worst 60$ I have ever spent.
76561198173554991,Not Recommended,289650,17012857,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,HenDog746,"This is all I have to sayto Ubisoft for ruining theAC series....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561198019214129,Not Recommended,289650,13035003,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Asakevios,"After a week, this game is still unoptimized as hell......"
76561198044001161,Not Recommended,289650,13023560,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Leon,My game won't even get as far as the start menu. Not sure as to why that is
76561198106949983,Not Recommended,289650,12893411,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,King Vulture,"Disapointment.  That is the word I would use to describe my experience with the game so far. I love the Assassin's Creed series, and I was really looking forward to playing this game.  However, when I booted up the game for the first time, the picture was extremely laggy and had very low fps. It looks terrible!  I then decided to try Black Flag to see if it had the same problem. Black Flag looked just fine. My PC has an i7 processor, a GEFORCE 860m graphics card, and 8 gigs of RAM. I hope they will fix this because I feel completely ripped off. Hopefully, they will change this soon...Update 1Switching the graphics settings to medium or low improved frame rate quite a bit. One thing to understand is that the minimum requirements for this game are surprisingly high. I have no idea why this is. My graphics card can handle high or ultra settings on Battlefield 4, AC 4, COD Advanced Warfare, Watch Dogs, and Skyrim.  Also, I encountered a glitch; the floor disappeared and I fell into nothinness (pretty dramatic). I stand by my first assessment. Do not purchase this game unless Ubusoft updates and improves the game."
,Not Recommended,289650,12894121,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Marbl3Man,worst launch ever!!!!!
,Not Recommended,289650,12894282,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Revdev,"Extremely badly optimized, as you can assume by looking at the other reviews. Not worth the hassle to buy it from Steam or UPLAY currently, and likely never will be."
,Not Recommended,289650,12894294,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,bluedevil,"I was SO excited for this game and the chance to explore Paris.Now I'm stuck trying to steal an apple as the game repeatedly crashes.The menu is laggy. The controls are wonky. There's frame lag all over the place.And then the little matter of an unskippable quest bug in the first 10 minutes of gameplay.Man, I'm disappointed."
76561198041706649,Not Recommended,289650,12895972,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,RetrousseRaptor,Can barely run on my high end machine regardless of graphics options
76561198069884159,Not Recommended,289650,24603677,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ahole0714,"I stupidly bought this game in a bundle with AC Rogue. I figured since I bought it shortly after the release of AC Synicate all the bugs and glitches would be patched and fixed. Boy was I wrong. This game is completely unplayable and since I bought it in a bundle deal with AC Rogue, which has 27 hours played I am unable to get a refund.  Thanks a lot Steam... So I'll start out by saying the combat in this game seems very heavy or laggy.  The free running is mostly the same with anyother AC game.  Trying to get through that door or window? How about you run up the wall instead or just jump up then down on this balcony railing for a while? I was able to play this game for a total of 2 hours before it starts crashing.   I got to just past the prelude/tutorial part and decided to take a break to eat. Come back to load up my game and it crashes while loading my save right after the title screen.  Restart PC try again, still does the same thing.  Do some research online and discover that it could be a corrupted file.  So I delete my saves and try again.  Again it crashes at the same part.  Do a little more research and find out I need to have Uplay in 'offline mode'. This time, since I deleted my saves and am now playing in 'offline mode' I start a new game and get to the beginning where it has the ""Helix"" cutscene.  Once I try and see the opening short sequence it crashes again during loading. So once again I am looking online on how to fix this.  Then I find out I need to once again delete all my saves again, then go into my documents, find the AC Unity folder and delete it.  This folder has all your graphic settings and UI settings etc saved on it.  So after doing that and starting again in 'offline mode' I was finally able to progress past the opening ""Helix"" cutscene and actually am able to play all the way plus a little more that I was at previously.  By that time it was time for me to call it a night.  So I quit the game.  Next day try turning it on again to get some hours in and low and behold the same crashing problem happens when I try to continue from the main menu.  This is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Ubisoft seems not to care to fix this game at all.  And I have too many hours played (9) so Steam says they can't refund it even though its a broken ♥♥♥♥ing game.I have tried everything to get this game to work.  Doing numerous trouble shooting, running as Admin, continuely deleting the save game files that aren't my main.  Continuely deleting the AC Unity settings folder.   Its horrible that Ubisoft continues to release broken games for the PC and does nothing to fix it.  Being burned twice now by Ubisoft with the game and the ♥♥♥♥♥how that The Division is on PC I can honestly say that I will not be buying a Ubisoft game anymore.My hardware is not a problem.i7 4770k @ 3.5,  3.8 w/boost16GB RAM DDR3EVGA 980TI FTWx2 SLIA bright point, when running, this game looks very good playing Ultra High 4k @ 60FPS"
,Recommended,289650,34698938,Posted: 2 September,all,j0ny_brav0,Good Game!
,Recommended,289650,30727664,Posted: 25 March,all,gas the weebs gift-drop.com,Best assassin's creed game i've ever played.Except for black flag.Nothing is better then black flag
76561198095303455,Not Recommended,289650,12945162,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Miss✞Clover,恕我直言，育碧现在只会做外表，而不会做内在。育碧新游基本都是花瓶而已。
76561198088371481,Recommended,289650,16342067,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TheRestlessWarrior,Maybe the game has got errors but we can forgive ubisoft believing this isn't gonna to happen again! Also the story and the customisation of the character are good.
,Recommended,289650,14066193,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Wolfsbane28,"Everyone knows about the bugs so not going to talk about it.This is the Assassin's Creed I was expecting way back when they announced the first one, especially the combat. Put in real stealth, added disguises as an ability (you need to unlock) and even improved the parcour. Now if I die from off a building I know it's only my fault. Arno is imho the new Ezio. He can never replace my favorite but I like the character.Get past the bugs and try this game. I love it!"
,Not Recommended,289650,16653933,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,President Of Evil Art's ツ,"Soo... Bad!Ok lets start with good things:+Graphics (Nice textures, envoirment love it)+Story (can't spoil, but it is interesting)+CO-OP missions (fun to play with friends, or random players ).And Now Bad stuff:-tons of glitches (example- I was climbing up to wall, suddenly I fly up in skys, and then I fell in hay wagon other side of citty. Or I want to loot chest who was on street right front of me, but camera fast fly away from me, and back to me. what happened? guess i looted another chest in city located on catedral.)-Script bugs (In side quest missions. example You take mission, and you need to follow to  one guy, but he don't move                   he stands all the time. trolloololo.-Jumping fails, if you at other assassins creed game games you easly can control where to jump. Then in Unity you need a lot A LOT of skills to jump where you want to. Sometimes to climb trought window takes 10 rageful minutes.-Skill Unlocking: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! You need to unlock skill to sit on bench to hide. RLY UBISOFT RLY!-Equipment unlocking:  In first game chapter you can unlock best weapon in game lol who is max parry, max health max dmg. all you need 20K gold easy get few chests and done. and same to armor you can get best armor in begining of game.. what's the point of that!-Game logic: Dumbest guards in all ac history. you can hide behind this HHHHHHH type fence and he can't see you. Or the guard in restricted area is standing in rooom. I press ctrl [sneaking] And walk right front of him. Nothing. He don't see me lol. F**King Meta. And the world event thiefs is not even trying to get away with loot. They run bit faster than walking lol, and not climbing up to walls... so lame. I remember how i chase thiefs with Eczio, well they was fast and clewer. was fun to catch. But unity wtf!-Combat sucks: In all other assassin creed games was grabbing, disarming kisking even taunting to make enemy angry. But this you can dodge [by rolling] or parry with right click...OH YEAH! You can lear to kick ability by spending 4 skillpoints so f**king lame . Idk is it for me, maybe I not yet learned but i can't pick up any weapon what enemy drops. Like Conor. Kill few bad guys then pick up Musket from one dead guard, and then run/stab another guard.Game worth ~10-15eurMy Rating Right Now Is 5,5/10 starsp.s.Right now I'm still playing story line rating can change."
,Not Recommended,289650,12894923,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,elementalvelow,why did I pay for this I knew better. seriously buying games day one is always a bad idea. I knew what ubisoft was capable of. honestly what have we gotten to.
,Not Recommended,289650,12919881,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Sakkano,"Edit 1/15/15: (recommended: Unsure) So four patches in and I have lost some of my anger at the deception of the Prize Drop, the MAIN reason I wanted this game. I did have dreams of going to Paris to learn a little about food there. After all, I am a chef. But that aside, I should really get into the meat and potatoes. I played though the main story and it's not bad. Though I shoudl point out that at the close, technically our protagonist, Arno, isn't really an Assassin, having been banished form the guild (and Paris to boot). This is somewhat different than Black flag, where Kenway wasn't officially an Assassin until the game was almost over.In this respect there needs to be some fleshing-out. Like why is Arno able to return to Paris unharassed? He was unanomously cast out, additionally, his work with the Templars put him in this gray area in regards to his alliance to either faction. Perhaps Dead Kings will clear this ambiguity up?Gemplay-wise, it's not that bad, and the story is actually somewhat solid aside form the plothole mentioned. I am quite happy with the Ghost Blade's use, as in previous games, using a gun tends to draw attention. This was somewhat remedied with 3's bow and arrow, and Black Flag's blowpipe. But This leaves yet another plothole; if Arno was cast out of the Assassin's guild, why did they allow him to keep such an advanced weapon?I'm not too fond of multi-player. Assassins are supposed to be stealthy and the Creed kind of pushes that. But more often than not, multuiplayer missions left me frustrated with a lack of an ability to communicate with fellow players AND the fact that it seems that everyone else just runs in and kills with reckless abandon, throwing the entire concept of being an Assassin totally out of the window.Lastly, having finished the main story, there's no resolution as the player, (you) who was recruited by the Assassins to find out about the Sword of Eden. While I udnerstand that the player's computer assumes the role of the Animus, this game could possibly have been called something else outside the Franchise and it woudl have been better that way.(Recommended: NO) Ubisoft does not  honor their advertisement for the Gillotine Prize Drop for Steam purchases when clearly advertised as such."
76561198091049385,Not Recommended,289650,12945489,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,MIKE QIU,"I never thought I would do this for an Assassin's Creed game. I love this series but do not like this game.Why?Because I can't play it. BY THE WAY, I GOT AN ALIENWARE WHICH COST ME 3K!There is so many technical issues that I physically cannot play the game. My review will remain negative until I can actually get my money's worth and play the damn thing."
76561198142802700,Not Recommended,289650,12896000,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Riathmius,I'd agree with everyone that has posted so far about the game. I should have waited to be back home and bought it on my xbox. Now im just hoping steam will give me my money back in the wallet so i can buy another game
76561198006486079,Not Recommended,289650,12895996,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nydelith,"Do not buy this game yet, or ever if Ubisoft doesn't optimize their game. Even with high-end specifications, this game is VERY poorly optimized/not optimized at all for PC. Strangely, during cutscenes, the FPS drops even more dramatically than when you're actually playing the game.It's extremely sad since Assassin's Creed used to be a series that had extremely beautiful graphics and it ran smooth as butter on the low-end PCs, but lately they've been scaling up the graphics requirements exponentially and there's very little visual improvement at the cost of a metric f-ton of processing power.TLDR: Buyer beware, wait for a performance patch or stay away from this one forever."
76561198086696372,Not Recommended,289650,14013298,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kiwibird,"This is terrible. I like unity ... but it was so LAGGY I couldn't play it. Dont get me wrong, I have a VERY good computer, and ICANT even play it! This was a huge upset considering it took a day to download.I'm filing for a refund. (Since I paid with pay pal)I would not recommend this to ANYONE! Except if your playing on a console. If you play on a console, its fun.But on PC... it takes you 30 seconds just to open the menu.DO NOT BUY THIS!"
76561198049547563,Not Recommended,289650,13042906,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,SaltySavage,Really? Ubisoft how is your game this unplayable?I want to love this game but it needs a serious fix.At the moment do not buy.
,Not Recommended,289650,13990506,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,AtomicPumpkin,"CANT Even fathom  how angry i am. I thought YAY AC UNITY then it broke my computer,. PLEASWE  DO NOT BUYY"
76561197981464923,Recommended,289650,22683743,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,The Dayman,"Horrible PC port and same redundant Assassins creed formula. It's getting old, but can still be fun at times. Paris is beautifully recreated however. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,289650,15765361,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,fzn,"Really poor perfomance and a generic story is what you have to spect from this game, shame on Ubisoft for publishing this game that until today doesn't run well in most high-end PCs."
76561198058135507,Recommended,289650,14189279,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GLΔDIATOR,"I would like to say ""thank you"" to Ubisoft. For all the ideas and concepts they realized. The requirements are merciless, no doubt. But they surely did fantastic work. They chose the wrong time, maybe (I really dunno which public they aimed for as  only few percent of people now own a 4.0 Ghz processor).They have created a fascinating, truly stunning world. There are changes in gameplay, which I really loved; the investment in Stealth mechanic was just what I desired. The missions are nicely developed, smoothly teaching  player the typical assassin's creed machanics and giving freedom to try different ways and solutions (which was mentioned several times in the game reviews and certainly is a big plus).Any gamer, who never tried stealth or a novice, who never played anything before can start with this game and don't be afraid to get puzzled (yes, to my mind it is very important). You can recommend it to anyone, who you think can be interested (and has a modern PC).10/10"
,Not Recommended,289650,33734576,Posted: 22 July,all,The Top Man,"This is an astonishingly broken game. I've used the quit button maybe twice, all other times I've left the game due to it freezing.The game is set in France and nobody even speaks with a French accent.This game is a turd."
,Not Recommended,289650,23953350,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,"Ragnar ""Loðbrók"" Sigurdsson",As an Assassin's Creed fan I wished to play the game and recommend it.
76561198178112351,Recommended,289650,31184597,Posted: 16 April,all,AN<3 Esquire ヅ,"Assassins Creed Unity is the best game from the series Assassins Creed because of its narratives and endless procesion of historical figures that have come to define the series. Firstly, Unity  is the only assassins creed game that has the mode CO-OP which provides players the chance to focus on a completely different  story with their friends . In addition to this , I trully believe that CO-OP is better than multyplayer because I think that killing each other for a rank is quite boring when playing side by side to assassinate some bad guy can get you more focused on the game or simply more relaxed . Secondly, I consider that Unity has the best story so far , after Assassins Creed Brotherhood , ofcourse , because is keeping your mind in the game with the assassinations chain from the lowest rank to the highest and I think that the most important part of the story is the moment when Arno is being fooled by the blacksmith."
76561198205085467,Recommended,289650,34748624,Posted: 4 September,all,Optional,"I like what you did with the redirecting of parkour, it really helps me not die"
76561198018579728,Not Recommended,289650,12941252,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,XINFINIUM,"Im very sorry to have to write that this game isnt at all a good game. The plot is too short, there are a lot of early bugs and the optimization is horrible. The new freerunning thing is great, but its a bit too buggy. The only good thing is the multiplayer, which is cleverly put into the singleplayer. It would have been better if the missions could be played in chronological order so that when you are playing the game, it would put the players in the same category, missions could be more challenging and more mixed in the story.I would not recommend this game. Yet. I have no outstanding issues with performace since I run it on under the minimum requirements. If the game would be more optimized I could probably run this 30+ Fps not max 25.6/10 would play through and probably try to get some side missions too."
,Not Recommended,289650,35430988,Posted: 2 October,all,JohnPinto,"It's 2017 and this game is still barely playable, keeps crashing every 20 minutes or so."
,Not Recommended,289650,13474457,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Blammo,I paid £30 for this game.I want my £30 back.
76561198076243410,Not Recommended,289650,13511047,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SP-Sabre,"This game really isn't as bad as most people say it is, it brings new innovative, although small, changes to the sneaking part of being an assassins, with an attempt to take off the restrictions, letting you have extra, optional objectives, these are called opportunities, which may vary from changing the environment, making it easier to escape the area, or fight in, or even receive aid from other people while in combat. The AI is not yet perfect, but is actually a challenge when it comes to combat, each having varying classes as in the previous games, but also with specific levels, showing how difficult they are to fight. Sneaking is as well improved, as you can finally crouch, and stick to cover by pressing a single button. Character Customization is there, giving different outfits each being suited to a certain playstyle, and having different stats on them. France itself is definitely alive, having hundreds of npcs everywhere, as they may aid you in a fight, call for even more enemies to attack, or are even easier for use to escape from an enemies line of sight, which is a borrowed feature from Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Blacklist. Graphics alone are only a small improvement over Black Flag, and Rogue, Honestly I understand if Ubisoft made a new engine for a more diverse and active environment, but I really thought there was no need to improve the graphics over the other game that was released this year. This is why the specs for this game are so demanding. Boss Battles are my main issue with this game, the Bosses alone are really tough, and I actually like that, this time around, Assassin's Creed forces you to use the varied skills and tools you have earned to battle against each boss, each of them actually having a tough ai, of course this is not to the extent of other games, like Batman: Arkham City, but in Ubisoft's Case, it is in an improvement, unfortunately, there is an involvement of highly annoying quick-time events, not even varying in the button you use, but also making you mash the button, although this is a disappointing feature for a boss battle, it would've been acceptable, if it wasn't broken. I don't know if it's a bug or not, but I think the game's qte system is actually trying to make you take a long time to kill your opponent. This isn't a bad game, but it cannot even compete with Assassin's Creed Rogue, or Black Flag. I don't recommend this game to anyone, unless you are a desperate, die-hard Assassin's Creed Fan. Otherwise, I give this game a 5.5/10."
76561198044083178,Not Recommended,289650,14672004,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Veknor,THis  game is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t1.  IT ♥♥♥♥ing LAG    AND ITS NOT PLAYABLE2. as im trying to install the game to see if the develloper work on the lag issue  i CAN USE THE AcTIVATION code THEY GAVE ME  ANYMOREWASTE OF TIME AND IT FEEL LIKE A TROW 60 BUCKs TO THE GARBAGE
,Not Recommended,289650,12959745,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ღLil' Amber Eyesღ,"Game is garbage compared to past assassin creed games, glitchy as hell, and overall unpleasent. Spend hours getting to a certain point, then crash and be unable to sync your cloud save to the pc. This game is garbage and I request a refund, I would have rather would have donated this money to a random hobo than to waste it on this game. You want a good $60 next gen game, I would even suggest cod rather than this"
76561198064341444,Not Recommended,289650,24677262,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Blade,"Very bloody buggy, even almost after 2 years of releasing."
76561198117705125,Not Recommended,289650,24733322,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Trapper,This game ruined my expectations
76561198115163434,Not Recommended,289650,13461292,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dalk Starker,"Worst game I have ever played, worst than CoD ghosts, can't even get past the first cutscene without crashing, Black Flag is FAR more better, this just goes to prove that people who love a series and buy things on the first day of release (suckers like me) Got what we wanted, Ubisoft got what they wanted, money they don't deserve."
76561198083468865,Not Recommended,289650,13303844,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,HyperFusion,Cant even go past the first cut scene. Been about a month since its come out and no patch has been made. Very dissapointed. Going to see if i can get a refund.
76561198087244826,Not Recommended,289650,12955459,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Tozobi,"Pros:It is AC. The gameplay is decent. Some new sidequests(e.g the detective ones) are well designed.Cons:Poor optimisation - wait for a patch.Requires wasting time on a rather stupid mobile game to unlock some of the content. That game is not even AC - it is just a poor man's spot and touch-athon.Some missions have poorly placed checkpoints. The difficulty is not higher (or lower) than previous AC games, but due to that, those parts feel like a chore.I expect all of these problems from indie games(except the mobile app crap). Not from a major developer like Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,289650,25393100,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,GiDEC,"From now on, Im not gonna pre purchase games ever, at least from Ubisoft. Finished the game but it was very hard with the low fps."
76561197994990085,Not Recommended,289650,14908817,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,RoLLo,"I don't even get 15FPS on it, after its been realeased for who knows how long.My pc isn't a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥and I paid full price for this garbage Ubishit considers a ""Game"" I ended up PIRATING AC:Rogue so I had SOMETHING to play considering I gave Ubisoft $70 for a game that I can't even play. That thankfully atleast ran on my computer at a blazing 120 fps. Ubisoft has lost a me as a loyal consumer.Unless this company does something decent for the PC fan base (Like give me back my $70 I wasted on something I can't even play) I will no longer be making purchases from this developer.Also AC:Rogue - Boring as ♥♥♥♥ don't waste your time, the PC port is actually good, but playing the game feels like a side mission from black flag. the missions are boring and don't give nearly as much excitement as black flag did, it seems as if they took black flag, added♥♥♥♥♥♥into the recipe, then released it for $60.GG Ubisoft, way to be ♥♥♥♥ ups.I feel sorry for your talented game developers who actually want to put in more time into these games but unfortunately to the CEO'S, its just a money grab."
,Recommended,289650,24035244,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Chibinasu,"Oh Ubisoft, why? Why the ♥♥♥♥ you launched this game earlier. People could wait. You really did great job with this game. You reached the guys who really want to interract with entire city. No more thieves guild parkour♥♥♥♥♥♥ no more hunting in woods and of course no more one man army♥♥♥♥♥♥ Paris stories missions are really entertaining. But you ♥♥♥♥ed everthing with launching this game before testing properly. And parkour is awesome. It is really smooth. No more rage caused from jumping to wrong ledge.In a conclusion, this game has everything for the people who loves stealth, who loves parkour. It is failed launch that hurt the game, with all the glitches it had. So stop listening to hateful people and get it."
,Not Recommended,289650,13168745,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MarBLeDKinG,"Good game, Bad optomization!"
,Not Recommended,289650,13322563,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,k1ng440,I sure have wasted my money on this game. i will never pre order a game again
,Not Recommended,289650,13324452,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Kreuczech,"When I first picked up Assassin's Creed Unity, I was hopeful that all of the first-day complaints were just angry people who couldn't run the game. I'm not saying that I've got a beastly computer, but I've got a decent one. I run every other game I have on maximum settings, such as Borderlands 2, AC Black Flag, Shadow of Mordor, etc, no loss of framerate. Then this ""thing"" comes along. I had to lower my settings quite drastically for it to be playable. I was still praying that it was only temporary. Then, the main reason why I bought this game, to FINALLY PLAY ASSASSIN'S CREED CO-OP (A seemingly dream come true.) was completely held from me. This feature, essentially the only reason I bought the game, is still not working, and I'm done with Unity. Unfortunately, there is no way to get my money back. Do not buy this game until Ubisoft learns to keep it's promises."
76561198153229342,Not Recommended,289650,13337467,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,CykaBlyat,My game is 2 inches  by 2 inches and I can not fix it has anyone elese experienced this bug before I can not see it so I cant reallly play do you know how to fix this
,Not Recommended,289650,13354498,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,NANANANANANANANANANANANANAOTO,"Had such potential, with the beautiful scene, interesting time period, and a same day PC release(which made us PC gamers happy), yet ruined it with it's unoptimized graphics, microtransactions, and lack of club competitions Day 1. Who had the idea of having the best armor available only with club competitions, yet unplayable even a month after release?"
76561198083815549,Not Recommended,289650,13035546,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,~>SG<~Ezio Auditore Da Firenze,its laggy in game and even in cutscene a dissapoinment to it the most lousiest game i seen with so many tecnical problems
76561198060712325,Not Recommended,289650,18301017,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Blackfox626,it will crash your computer... no matter what they say
76561197995592400,Recommended,289650,19331406,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Demon,"great game, adds new gameplay elements to the series. dont go off of the mixed reviews whether to buy this game or not. all the down votes i see are just people that dont know how to work a computer..."
76561198056929593,Not Recommended,289650,13224092,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,PingDaPanda,"terrible game!!! you name a flaw most likely it will have it. its glitchy, buggy, ♥♥♥♥♥♥, laggy, must i go on?? its just a money grab from the company!! remember when you had a ship and cool stuff to do!! SAY GOODBYE TO THAT!! remember the the trailers with you helping out in the french revalution!! SIKE!! remember the good story and and interesting and new weapons!! SIKE!! i would say dont buy this game go pirate it and still be amazed at what♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is!!!"
,Not Recommended,289650,14888254,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Vlader_man,"интересно, а игру собираются доделывать?"
76561198042212523,Not Recommended,289650,12958421,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Javid,"Can't even play it.  I thought I would give it a shot even though Black Flag broke my GPU from overheating it so much and giving it so much stress, but no it literally is so poorly optimized that I don't think any amount of patches will significantly help.  Hopefully next time an Assassin's Creed game comes out, I'll be smarter and not get it on PC because everyone has been terribly optimized."
76561198032406566,Not Recommended,289650,15551968,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,C E R T Y,Pros-good  graphicsNegatives-unoptimised-crashes hourly-overpriced-requires this uplay rubish- no replay ability
,Not Recommended,289650,14465265,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Alipheese,"This game. I enjoyed it. A lot. The story is nice. Gameplay is nice. Stealth is nice. Combat, after a few upgrades, is nice. But clubs, they are not nice. Clubss are the stupidest things in the world. I owned a club, we had won one club competition and gotten the gear assosciated with it. Suddenly, I'm kicked from my own club, and the new owner is so inactive, and that he still hasn't let me back in. This happened a week ago. Speaking of which, my old club that I SHOULD BE OWNING, won the second club competition too. At this point, it's guaranteed I won't get the legendary medieval set, because Ubisoft doesn't know how to make a good club or club competition mechanic. Suggestion to Ubisoft : Get rid of the clubss and competitions, and just make the game a GOOD game, without the need of 10,000 civillians standing in the middle of a street with no historical significane."
76561198092481540,Not Recommended,289650,12917896,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,HeyMyNameIs,"The game is fine, the only problem is that its virtually UNPLAYABLE. The framerate sucks, there are bugs around every corner, it's an unstable mess. People, don't pay your money yet. Wait until the game is patched because all I have is a $60 piece of junk. Oh Ubisoft, this game could've been so good if it wasn't done so poorly. Not gonna play this until a patch is released so I'll be waiting T_T"
76561198147739546,Not Recommended,289650,13404447,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,kiankeagan,"I always love AC series, even with this full of bugs Unity.But what the f**k, I have to purchase some kind of f**king currency to upgrade character. No way men.And f***k you with the Companion App, I spent 90$ for thisI'm sorry Ubisoft, I never use cr**k game for your games, I love your ACs, your Splinter Cell but I'm not sure wether I go to torrent site for your next release or notWhat a shame"
76561198057686836,Not Recommended,289650,16548928,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sphyxis,Uplay.Never got to play it.
76561197996300878,Not Recommended,289650,16565548,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Keola,"ACU.exe has stopped working. I got this error the first time I launched and it has never worked. I7 4790k, GTX 970 x2 SLI. I havent even played 1 second of this game. Refunded through steam"
76561198205266073,Not Recommended,289650,29138498,Posted: 9 January,all,大南瓜,"For the first time to play Assassin's creed, originally began to be very happy, suddenly came out of a modern story, at the moment did not play mood. Don't you think that modern elements are redundant? Can't you think of the story? Can not think of the copyright sold to other game makers to make it, really, I bought I regret it."
,Not Recommended,289650,14252055,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Jim,Definitely some improvements but it would be nice if I could play it for more than 20 minutes without it crashing on any of my computers.  Ubisoft bombed hard on this one and I don't think they seem very interested in polishing as much as they have in their previous games.  These AC games are getting rushed out now like it's made in an assembly line.
,Not Recommended,289650,12923846,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ETHAN BRADBERRY,Game crashes at menu screen11/10 <3
76561198066422617,Not Recommended,289650,15566779,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Psycho,"Literally no story progression, Glitches galore, wasted not only money but 142 hours just holding on to false hope it would be better, The main thing about the game the ""coop"" is not only a disaster there is hardly any coop missions, and so on and so forth. I could write a entire book on this hunk of crap about its flaws and barely can make a sentence with its pros. In other words STAY AWAY save money get rogue."
,Not Recommended,289650,14969449,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,OUCH!,5/10 at best. Combat is a nightmare now. Climbing is even worse. This had potential but Ubisoft really made it flop.
76561198164711846,Not Recommended,289650,15160711,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Mr_Assassin,do no pay for this game it will not work onless u have a gaming pc
,Not Recommended,289650,13854222,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Skaara Dreadlocks,"Even if you're like me: Rich, and fall for the awesome character customizations, weapons, and the whole appeal of this game, it's still not worth the money. It took me a lot of work to make it playable without stuttering and lagging. Yet it still occasionally freezes and bugs out. I was in the middle of something when I was randomly thrown into what appeared to be a co-op mission, where everyone else ran around so fast I couldn't understand what was going on. The movement is worse than before, as the game just does everything for you as you mash the attack button, jump button and run button.As for the story, as the main reason I got the game: It started out interesting, and I really liked the plot and especially the main character's personality, but the game just threw us two years ahead in time, and you're supposed to already be a skilled assassin with no chance to train yourself before the big fights. And you're not even able to progress in the story because you HAVE to increase your skills and become better, because they make the story-missions more and more difficult, with difficulty-levels. This means Ihaveto do side-quests and the like when all I want is to progress and finish the story instead of using hours to explore the uninteresting and confusing city that has the same appearance everywhere.In the last mission I played, I was given the task to find my own way into a place to assassinate a guy. After a lot of troubling around with no help from the eagle-vision, I managed to get inside. But once there, I tried over and over and over again but there's no way to escape from those guards when they keep spraying you down with their guns.The game is poorly optimized so it runs really slow. Setting the graphics down to minimum does help, but then the graphic is so bad you might as well go play Assassin's Creed 2, which is a much better game. Ubisoft disappointed me big time on this one. I wouldn't be surprised if the reason for this is because they keep making AC game after AC game so fast that they don't take their time to polish them at all. They just make a heap of low-budget games and sweep in the cash. Besides, Ubisoft is famous for their anti-AMD games after they teamed up with Nvidia to makeonlytheir cards work well with the games, and no other cards(-coming from an Nvidia-user). But now, not even my Nvidia card works well with this game. There's probably someone who's getting a good experience out of this game, but I sure as heck ain't one of them."
,Recommended,289650,31390045,Posted: 27 April,all,✪ SomeoilAsAlway,"True beauty of this game is stealth, All the time I spend time coop with friend and find it boring due to rambo stlye we were playing and then we tried stealth so we learn true beauty about Assassin creed."
,Recommended,289650,16463112,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dievo Papas,good game
76561198022296354,Not Recommended,289650,18242390,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,[Ay] Trafalgar,"Bought it on release day, was unplayable. Tried installing it again today to see if it ran any better, still a piece of crap. Save your money."
,Recommended,289650,22667887,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Aquilemon,"It took a brand new computer, but I finally met the specs and played the game."
76561198216748764,Not Recommended,289650,26158195,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,grisou,Bad game
,Recommended,289650,22767885,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,.SNEEZY,The game is good its just that the things needed to process it aren't propperally listed
76561198146932764,Not Recommended,289650,28846613,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,1771Fleetwood,"A shame that the brilliant work of the graphics department is coupled with a bugged engine that keeps crashing you out of the game. I managed to stop the crashes in my case by hooking up an extra card and going SLI mode but it doesn;t stop the bugs.The rendition of France is amazingly done, but the streets appear  overcrowded and chaotic and quickly become overwhelming. The combat engine also appears to be sub par. All this make it a stressfull drag on you brain instead of an enjoyable experience.Solving the murder mysteries is a very nice addition to the AC genre. I really like it, if only i could find that jailhouse again on the map which is also a chaotic mess compared to maps of previous editions.I would not recommend this  game unless you have a top notch PC but judging from the complaints i see on the internet even that is no guarantee for a crash free experience."
,Recommended,289650,31298918,Posted: 22 April,all,DeadRevenge,"Pretty good, lots of bugs tho.."
76561198365026774,Recommended,289650,31045415,Posted: 9 April,all,Regular Dirty,"Buy this, its worth the money."
76561198129441794,Recommended,289650,30829350,Posted: 30 March,all,Graham1001,I got this game on sale it was a good game no bugs well other then 1 guy running in the wall the game was fine for me high preset 2k 50 fps it was smooth for me graphics are 20/10 great story would be a 8 maby 7/10 i will say the parkour in this is pretty crazy sense i can supper jump and my hands are on 746 shots of steroids so i can climb a building in 6 secs but its a good game the multiplayer part is good too i would rate this about a 8/10 pretty good sometimes the parkour is a little crazy though i might be in a battle then i could jump on a ledge and get shot still good game.
,Not Recommended,289650,17747320,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,AntiMatterTape,"Its an awesome game and has great graphics BUT I have to put my foot down with Uplay, you should not need to jump through extra hoops to play the game, in game extra hoops are fine but I hate having two digital platform things managing the same game.Make it 100% steam and you get my aproval."
76561198093974366,Not Recommended,289650,12936054,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Lobro,"I dont know how to start this, the game has a good story, great new features. what could go wrong?The graphics, thats what, they arent bad, no, no. the opposite of that, its that they run terribly bad. i can run ac 4 max graphics no prob, and this? 15fps at low graphics, for once, call of duty isnt the game that lags the most, fix this ubisoft."
,Recommended,289650,28604013,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Real_Pinochet,Its not actually that bad
76561197983468005,Not Recommended,289650,33601291,Posted: 16 July,all,GamerWolfOps,"Once again Assassin's Creed  Unity Becomes Unplayable for the desktops.Even with my GTX 1060 6GB. The FPS and CPU is going like crazy for no reason.I can run other games on mid and high settings just fine.""""If you really want to play Assassin's Creed  Unity, go play it on the consoles"""""
,Not Recommended,289650,35287988,Posted: 29 September,all,Pantsu Hunter,Crushes every 5-10 minutes on windows 10. Only way to fix it is to rename or delete dll file in system32 folder that might affect sound in other games. Already waiting for refund.
,Not Recommended,289650,22073224,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,FrökenNäslund,Worst assassins creed ive ever played! want my laggy ♥♥♥♥♥♥ expirence no story worth 11 hours back!
76561198082131152,Recommended,289650,30757748,Posted: 26 March,all,Eyepatch Kaneki,"Thumbs up ! Amazing game , Amazing graphics ! This game is fully fuctional without bugs and is totally enjoyable speciallly if youve been playing it from the starting Assassins creed 1 , Negative reviews might be because their System is not able to support it  but hey they shouldve seen the minimum requirements before buying , so dont follow the negative reviews and go with the positive ones i review this game fter 6 hours of gameplay and i find it perfect with no issues so a YES from my side"
,Recommended,289650,15308177,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Amor Fati 117,"Probably the most visually stunning game ever made. It is really breath-taking just to walk down some streets in this game. 100% god tier atmosphere. Mechanically it got a little slower and simpler from Black Flag, but on the plus side, you can customize yourself to a much greater degree in this game and the co-op is fun. Turn the HUD completely off and the graphical settings at the highest your computer can support and the game is still one hell of an experience."
,Recommended,289650,29560719,Posted: 29 January,all,BufferFly,the best AC game that i played
76561198165761100,Not Recommended,289650,25138537,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Whoa23,"absolute worst i can't tell you how many times i raged quit in this game, I bought the game seeing that it would be fun after its been patched for a year now and boy was i wrong, Such potential wasted. the french revolution was rich in history instead we explore ""hidden tombs"" in the dlc there was no option to exit the dead kings expantion which lead me to restart my game and Napoleon was just ignored and the character wasnt up to full potential. The controls are terrible making arno climb a wall intead of going down"
76561198096791156,Not Recommended,289650,29610693,Posted: 31 January,all,shadiiiii,BUGY FK IT  FK U UBIFK U PLAYU PLAY WITH ME?PLAY U?FK U   FK U BUGYYYYYYYYYYYYY
,Not Recommended,289650,19335919,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,CaptainHottok,"This game is unplayable.I Could only play it with 3-10fps with minimum settings AND my system meets the reguirements.This game looked amazing in the gameplay videos but the ratings didnt say the same thing.bugs, low fps, bad story, I didnt even get to the bad story OR the bugs before the fps put its laggy sword trough my throat."
76561198130768356,Recommended,289650,28715334,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,キャベツ。。,เล่นแล้วผิดคาดกับที่คิดและกับที่เห็นคนรีวิวเยอะเลย โดยส่วนตัวผมชอบภาคนี้มากกว่าภาคล่าสุด เพราะให้กลิ่นอายความเป็น Assassin มากกว่าอยากให้มาลองเล่นก่อนครับ อย่าไปเชื่อรีวิวมาก
,Not Recommended,289650,30821287,Posted: 29 March,all,PandaYeti,"Quite a bad PC port, prone to crashing a lot.Doesn't portray revolution-era france very well, either, as everyone speaks with the broadest, Northern-British accent you've heard with occasional french nouns thrown in."
,Not Recommended,289650,13010038,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,youth,"Hello, this is my review of Assassin's Creed Unity. I've logged in 25.9 hours into this game. (As of 11/19/2014)(There are more cons than pros.)Pro's: Missions are fun, the parkour is very smooth, the new customization is super cool, the coop is super fun, the combat is a TAD bit harder than the other games and lastly Paris is a very cool world to explore...Cons: The framerate is SUPER bad on my GTX 770 I had to run this game on all low with a res of 1600x900 (My max being 1980X1080) and I could barely get passed 30 FPS. My play together section in the pause screen (This is to play coop) was not working the first time I tried to use it, once the second patch was released It started to work. I heard that SLI does not work in this game. Money is super hard to get at first, until you buy the max lockpicking skill. (Most of the money is in the chests.) Sometimes enemies don't even see you after you walk right by them. The AI is super stupid. Arno sometimes falls right through the roof of the building and falls under the map.I will RECOMMEND this game once they fix most of these issues. (Especially the FPS)Here is a great video review my TotalBiscuthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgpzT5V5Mgs&list=UUy1Ms_5qBTawC-k7PVjHXKQ"
76561198125085595,Not Recommended,289650,13010399,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Babaganoosh,"This could be a really great game but the frame rate lags at times and there are glitches everywhere even with the new updates.  There are also parts of the game, like club competitions, that aren't even finished."
76561198129174119,Recommended,289650,22970486,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,GhostpeL,12 Sequences done!!!
,Not Recommended,289650,28238710,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,The Whistles Go,"I only have this game because I want all of the assasin's creed games.Pros: the graphics are ok I guesCons; litteraly anything you can think of, the game has such a terrible frame-rate the cut scenes buffer."
76561198017022635,Not Recommended,289650,28162558,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Good Guy Guido,"So AC Unity is♥♥♥♥♥♥, for short . U cant take a human shield u need to wait way too long for good pistols and rifles and the complete movement changed. Some changings are ok and well done , but thats mostly graphical . NPCs are way too strong at the beginning so u can forget to kill a couple of them because there is always that one sniper coming out of some weird house, even there was none before , that kills u with one shot in the back even when u r full hp .... ubisoft u can do that better. hope u didnt lose too much player because of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game"
,Not Recommended,289650,29846508,Posted: 11 February,all,A Smug Tomato,"The game causes BSOD within 10 minutes of booting it up, 5/7"
76561198069599232,Not Recommended,289650,20820587,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Starscream,-10/10 Too many French people.
76561198068367720,Not Recommended,289650,13279101,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Marrypoppins Jr.? hellcase.com,what the hell why is this even out if it take 4 dam weeks and still not what the hell i want a refund or a free season pass.
76561198015237527,Not Recommended,289650,30915352,Posted: 2 April,all,malcom10,Worst Creed Game Ever!!  Combat was dull. AI sucked. Glitches everywhere. Boring Characters and Story. Got it on sale for like $10. Wast of money. It's like they took 10 steps backwards in quality from Black Flag.
,Not Recommended,289650,21120946,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GoodLake,"I purchased this game and it was good except for the fact it crashed 10-15 min because it does not agree with windows 10... If you have windows 10 DO NOT buy this game, it crashes and there are no fixes currently."
76561198133578362,Not Recommended,289650,13483569,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,blankenshipowen,"Okay so i have a pretty decent computer right, and i thought i would be able to play this game. NOPE I GUESS NOT.Unless you have the best processor and the best video card it runs like a horse with a broken ♥♥♥♥ing leg. 2/10 would not buy EVER."
76561198041282748,Not Recommended,289650,13421470,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Queen Anne's Revenge,i am a huge ac fan but even for me this game is full off bugs.i am not even mentioning coop matchfinding and frame problems.
,Not Recommended,289650,12968077,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Unseptium,"system:Ms Windows 8.1 64-bitIntel Core i5-3350P @ 3.1 GHz8.0 GB RamNVIDIA GeForce GTX 750 2 GBI finished the game.+ Great graphics, even on low settings+ Good to handle for me on lowest setting, no mouse lag.+ Customizing your gear to make you even more deadly.+ Enemies are more challenging.+ They re-introduced 'the chest', so you can invest money to gain it later on.- Storyline lacks depth, sometimes really easy to predict.- Co-op doesn't work for me, and a great ammount of other players.- Invisable walls that just appear at times, so you really move.- I got stuck in walls.In conclusion:I truly like this game, but it's most likely impossable to get into if you never played AC before. Also, people complained about the glitches. just 1 in 1000 npc glitches, from a cape moving when an npc stood still to a npc that just flew up/down. Point is, the game isn't finished to me. I can't play co-op, nor get online. There aren't any tricks to change that, until they patch it. BUT WHY RELEASE AN UNFINISHED GAME EVEN AFTER YOU MOVED THE PUBLICING DATE?Don't get me wrong, I truly enjoyed the game, but yeah, it's just that it's not finished for me.- Unseptium16/11/'14 15:00 UTC +1"
76561198209482015,Not Recommended,289650,31974059,Posted: 26 May,all,bloomfield1337,this game s junk. really wish i hadnt bought it. especially since i got all the downloadable content. oh well i knew better
76561198019391020,Not Recommended,289650,12958414,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Hexrod,"Nothing new here, just a buggy game. Boring game play just not as fun of previous AC. Thsi one fits into AC 3 crappy game, boring and just a huge yawn."
,Recommended,289650,31845936,Posted: 19 May,all,iParadoxG,"At release, yes, this game had many bugs and glitches, but eventually everything has taken cared by Ubi. I've always been a fan of Assassin's Creed series. I love the online mode in this game. It is nothing like before and it is addictive and indulging. But sometimes the same online game can be a bit annoying because of server disconnections. But hey, accidents happens. Worth the money."
76561198116754223,Recommended,289650,16605850,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ni🅱️🅱️a😤👌,Really good game actually. Recommended!!!
76561198055885885,Not Recommended,289650,14631177,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,TheSnuffleupagus,I want my 80 dollars back.
76561198096346878,Not Recommended,289650,14490138,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Pitnasty,"Just horrible, i cant even get passed the first loading screen and i have a fairly good computer..."
76561198007842198,Not Recommended,289650,13135415,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Slacker64,THIAS GAME HAS GLITCHED OUT SO MANNY TIMES THAT I CANT EVEN GET PAST THE FIRST 3 LEVELS WITH OUT RESTARTING THE GAME MULTIPLE TIMES. GREAT JOB UBSOFT
,Not Recommended,289650,13365749,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,KomradeKarlMarx,"CONSFirst and foremost the microtransactions, and dlc for this game makes me think that I just got some demo on my phone and to enjoy it I need to pay even more money for something I already paid a full $60 for. It feels so lame.I have not encountered as many glitches as there supposedly are but I have fallen through the floor and gotten stuck before. There are issues with cutscenes where characters become one or bounce up and down uncontrollably and the game has crashed before.The story is honestly the same as all the other AC games. This is not original at all and it is VERY predictable. I was rather disapointed with Arno as he started off strong with humorous dialogue, but that died off very quickly and he became bland. Actually none of the characters are very interesting except for one guy (I don't know his name, but he is the eccentric party guy making weird quips with half his chest showing), but he is in the game for a total of five minutes.The frames on PC are positively terrible. I have a cutting edge computer and I can't play on higher graphics levels because the frame drops are near unbearable.PROSThe COOP is VERY fun, although the lack of communication between players is upsetting because it prevents planning together.The gameplay is certainly improved from the last games because it's actually hard! I feel inclined to run away from many fights out of fear of dying unlike the last few games where you could honestly destroy Earth with nothing but your fists.The city does feel alive and it looks nice and the parkour design around the city is well done with the exception of falling through things which I have not encountered for some time now. The updates have helped but they are nowhere near where they need to be.Despite my recommendation, I would buy this game, but UBISOFT needs to make changes to ammend for this rushed product, such as releasing updates to fix the god awful graphics issues, getting rid of the annoying and stupid micro transactions in a AAA title, and giving us DLC for free because honestly we deserve compensation and UBISOFT doesn't deserve any more money from the overhype they gave us in the supposedly flawless gameplay videos."
76561198072991592,Not Recommended,289650,13512801,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mr_Jupit13,"can i get a refund for christmas holiday :(, so sad guys"
76561198091846642,Not Recommended,289650,13329372,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Boris,my game is crashed and had the story out.does someone know how i can fix it?
,Not Recommended,289650,13374925,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Tsar Werewolf,Buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ please fix. Literally stutters more than a collapsing economy.
76561198180790837,Recommended,289650,28056747,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mlka3-,:)
76561198152581184,Not Recommended,289650,14913980,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,WeAreFarmerz,CAN'T EVEN GET THROUGH THE FIRST 5 SECONDS OF THE GAME BECAUSE IT IS SOOO GLITCHY DPNT BUY
,Not Recommended,289650,15554788,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Geno,"As a long-time fan of Assassin's Creed, I found this one really boring. I haven't even brought myself to finish it yet.This was the last Ubisoft game I'll ever preorder, at least until they fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,289650,13689469,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AlexM4001,I got it but it cant be run on my pc can i get my money back?
,Not Recommended,289650,14914800,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,alienstyles,"Game won't start. Fresh install, and it force closes right after clicking play."
76561198094911452,Not Recommended,289650,13372032,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,GRAND DAD,"Until they can fix the constant framerate drop, they may as well put a virus into this. That would probably make it better."
76561198038979618,Not Recommended,289650,16573921,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,hooman,"Like someone mentioned, bad optimization - lagged the moment i walked. My computer specs are generally considered alright with GTX 660. Basically wasted my money but oh well, i'm out of the franchise forever."
76561198134431508,Not Recommended,289650,16583067,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,kingkaleb14,No do not buy this game save the money for something that actually works.
,Not Recommended,289650,13377288,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DOPPELRAC,"frame rate isues, navigation issues, and other gameplay issues asside... this game was dissapointing. its worth checking it out but, not remcommended for thoes without high end PCs and a small tolorance for control issues. (plus its 10$ more on steam)"
,Not Recommended,289650,14892309,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,strobe212,broken....do not waste your money
76561198195625331,Recommended,289650,32168564,Posted: 3 June,all,Time Paradox,Awesome Game but lagz like hell
76561198007583169,Not Recommended,289650,18685083,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Hard Dads,"The game itself was fun in spite of itself, like it literally did everything in its power to make me hate it. I still can't get past sequence 7 due to bugs. that kinda speaks for itself.so, while i did enjoy most of my experience, this game is pretty much crap."
,Not Recommended,289650,19043568,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,bluntdog69,"the game worked for 2 hours with minor glitches and a choppy framerate but was still playable. That is until the next time i tried to play, all that would happen at game launch is freeze my computer entirely. This game is not playable and I returned it for my money back and would not reccomened to anyone"
,Not Recommended,289650,14138694,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Phantomhusk,"This game tries many things, but sadly failes miserably. To keep things spoiler free I'll say the plot is boringly average. Its the standard revenge trip and you have to kill countless people to finally reach the person responsible. Its boring plot and you don't really care about any of the characters within the game. Now stepping aside plot another big issue this game has is its controls. Yes, the horrible controls return and worst then ever. Arno wants to grab onto anything and the controls are responsive some of the times, but still there will be momments when you want to rip out your hair due to frustration. And Finally the cherry on this painfully average game. The glitches/ai. Yes even after patch 4 the game still stutters and has framerate drops. I have a lenovo y 50 with an 880 geforce gtx graphics card and the framerate dips under 30 on MEDIUM graphics settings many many many times. And there are still bugs to where there is clipping disappearing and reappearing civillians, Civillans that drive around in an invisible clown car and run across the streets. I dont know what ubisoft was thinking but quanity over quality is never a good thing. Especially when the game will run like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥because of it. Another gripe I have with the game is the detection mechanic. Sometimes the Ai will be completly ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and forget where you are even though you are in front of them. And then there will be times where they can spot you miles away. Another thing is the combat. Yes it is difficult but only difficult because the game fights with you because of the controls.  If you're going to try to copy Arhkam's fighting then atleast do it with respect. Not this half♥♥♥♥♥garbage. Seriously I was looking foward for this game and to see its still this bad is disappointing. Stay away from this game. There are better games out there worth your money. If you are a fan of the franchise, still stay away. Ubisof cann't get a pass for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse of an assassins creed game."
76561198117858317,Recommended,289650,24019160,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MrJackintheBox,"Game works now.Best AC in my eyes.CO-OP should be apart of the series and not just this game.UBI Stop throwing AC games out.....Your trash for doing soMake a AC game that we want....great story, CO-OP, bad♥♥♥♥♥custome options."
,Recommended,289650,28544655,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,kodok,great
,Recommended,289650,23016086,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Okita <3,"this is the best co-op game in steam(jk XD)its still not that bad as people say,nice game"
,Recommended,289650,24014408,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Yawnmachine,Peasants tell me I'm cancer.10/10
76561198152283709,Not Recommended,289650,29808294,Posted: 9 February,all,Just Juan,This game looks nice and has good intent. but the movement and parkor integrations are complete ****
,Not Recommended,289650,16612370,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hazardousdoc,"My computer can run this game at the highest settings, but at 15 FPS.  Set the settings to low, and.. the framerate gets worse?  I don't understand, I don't understand at all.  Unplayable."
76561198015127070,Not Recommended,289650,28088729,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,p.prendergast,gud game bad publisher
76561198031355870,Not Recommended,289650,15236506,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jamarson Kong,"The game is un-playable on PC.  Even after I've made the lowest graphic setting, the game is still pretty slow and the graphic is lagging (I don't have this problem at all when I use the same PC to play other AC series game).Just one final thing say: ""I wanna my money back~!!!!"""
76561198119840531,Not Recommended,289650,28444338,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Big Boss,Game keeps crashing and glitching
76561198069529919,Recommended,289650,18850174,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Stinky Binky,"I bought this game,$30, 50 gigs, and 1 1/2 hour of downloading laterI realised something.What the ♥♥♥♥ am i doing with my life."
76561198026746947,Not Recommended,289650,14863295,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,silver.czaja,"played for 10-20 minutes , and hatede every second of it , cliping is unbearable , died to some stupid stuff cause of it ...i hav playede every ac before , completed every one before , and i do not find this acceptable , really big let down ubisoft ..."
76561198204955451,Recommended,289650,30734907,Posted: 25 March,all,LoLYouV2 ❤Bhop,i like all
,Not Recommended,289650,17670286,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Pathetic,"i purchased this game when it went 75% off and played itThe System Requirements were horrifiyingly wrong and i didnt get to play this.i spend over 2 hours trying to get to my settings and set it to low graphics and it still didnt help.I requested a refund saying that even the recommended Requirements were wrong and that i wasted 2 hrs trying to fix it.they didnt properly read my request and then denied it.It hurts, but then i pray to gaben for a refund but he takes my hand he grabs my wallet and whispers in my ear ""buy those keys....""i use my 500$ on TF2 keysit hurts, but i do it for Gabeni then got a bunch of sharp dressers with the name ""no refunds on games played over 2 hrs""i really thought i could give this a good review despite all these comments but it really sucks... REALLY sucks"
,Recommended,289650,32867084,Posted: 27 June,all,alienX👽,"Nice game, only took them 1-2 years to fix it! 😁"
76561198030096654,Not Recommended,289650,13110567,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,noma,pc♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator
,Not Recommended,289650,28546015,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,vkylemon,"It's full of bugs that makes the gaming experience mostly unpleasant, it takes forever to load in multiplayer mode and the invites may or not show. Didn't like it at all"
,Not Recommended,289650,17343162,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,2late2die,"This game is very poorly optimized. I am able to run Witcher 3 at medium-to-high settings at a solid 50 fps, while here I had to lower settings below medium to achieve stable 30 fps. Add on to that stuff like inability to easily start a new game, horrendous menu that actually somehow lowers the fps and poor controls and really, why would you want to bother with this when there are so many much better games out there."
76561198007214177,Not Recommended,289650,12917935,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,khilan,"i7-4770K 3.50GHz16GB ramAMD HD 7990BenQ 120hz monitorUNPLAYABLE on low settings for me ,fps drops, statter, textures missing , broken cinematics  FIX IT !!!!!!"
76561198107357088,Not Recommended,289650,12922930,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Axme,The game kept crashing even though i have the required software
76561198068973407,Not Recommended,289650,12918504,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Jgreg24,this game is terrible.
,Not Recommended,289650,12917963,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,(UGA) JrBoi,I played a bit and havent run into many problem. Running a i5-3570 and a AMD R9 270 with High settings and a get a steady 26-30FPS. It has random lag spikes and I glitched and fell under a building 20 minutes into the game...DWL... But other than that I dont recommend it till they fix it. The game is beautiful but its glitchy still. I would say wait about 2 or 3 months and see if there are better reviews.
,Not Recommended,289650,12933298,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,parKS,In its current form it has really bad optimization and runs god awful. Average of 30fps to 50fps even on the lowest settings on a system that can play Crysis 3 and Battlefield 4 on High/Ultra. This is just Ubisoft being lazy and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,289650,12918648,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Lodus,"I've always loved the Assassin's Creed Franchise, and I have been really excited for this game but I was quite majorly disappointed with it. I wish I could get my $70 I paid for this game and put it towards something better.The story is great so far for what I've been able to play, I think it would be great if you are able to play it. As I have read this is not only me, but I am having issues with low framerate on medium settings which my computer I know can handle, the game crashes atleast every 10 minutes now for me. There has been no updates yet, there are graphical glitches during some cut scenes, the all talked about co-op is hard to talk to your allies and some missions are uncompletable when some objectives are missing. I'm sure many others are experiencing other issues but this is just what I've had to deal with so far.The game starts to crash so often it literally becomes unplayable.My System Specs:CPU: Intel Core i7-2700K Sandy Bridge 3.5GHz (3.9GHz Turbo) LGA 1155RAM: G.SKILL Ripjaws Series 12GB (3 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600GPU: EVGA SuperClocked GeForce GTX 680 2GB"
,Not Recommended,289650,12932438,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Papa Choncho,I.... I ♥♥♥♥ing hate you Ubisoft.....
,Not Recommended,289650,12921170,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,rejectracoon,ACU.EXE has crashed.Man if I bought this game to see that message I would give it a 10/10but I didn't so as of now if they don't patch the bugs that make this game unplayable for me it gets a 0DO NOT BUY UNTIL THEY PATCH IT.GIVE ME A GODDAMN PATCH UBI
76561198046907394,Not Recommended,289650,29672582,Posted: 3 February,all,kaufmana,"Too buggy to get through even half of the game. :(  It's too bad, because the bit that I got to play was pretty fun."
76561198050444379,Not Recommended,289650,12918555,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Lord Farquaad,"Well 10/10 Ubisoft, made me ♥♥♥♥ing ragequit harder than the demon souls series. ♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,289650,12917993,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Bangki Cocoa,this is worst game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!MY money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBk0aLZEoxcMBdk2Q9scu2_DDKPUxLiry
,Not Recommended,289650,13974447,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,[TVM]Miss Chloe,"Sorry to burst your bubbles Radeon Users. Unity hardly supports it. You will get Frame Skipping. I find it weird how Ubisoft didn't allow this. I understand this due to increase business $ and agreements, however, they could of at least put it on the lowest for Nvida users so at least some Radeon users could Play it.Purposely got this desktop for this game. Doesn't run very well. Huge Frame skips, and everything is on low.Desktop specs: AMD 9590 4.8ghz EIGHT-CORERadeon RTX 280 (I didn't get 285 or 290 due to the fact of loud sounds. I'd have to get an upgraded fan with silence.)Ubisoft, help us Radeon users! Yes, i understand money, but even the small amounts help! Try lowering the Nvida so us Radeon's can play.Thanks for understanding."
76561198163169287,Not Recommended,289650,16541516,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,★Raindeer Pyro★,they have to fix the gameplay like when i try to play it everything goes so slow and crash on me everytime
76561198038579409,Not Recommended,289650,14051076,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ficusbenjamin,Unplayable.
76561198006514767,Not Recommended,289650,14251583,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Boogeyman,Stop buying Ubisoft
76561198023054500,Not Recommended,289650,14008576,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,the mysterious funnel cake,"3/10 sadly this game realy let me down i tried to tollerate this game for as long as i could i finaly beat it but with a angerd face, the game was and still is very glitchy some missions (rift areas) when i get enuff points sometimes i nocliped thropugh the wall another i fell through the ground, iv also had a fatal error my computer trys to solve but when i go to control alt delte or alt + f4 the game will not shut down forcing me to press the power button on my computer to fix it, iv always noticed that the entire assassins creed seires always had a grusum experience with me makeing it feel like this is more of a rage game then an open world game, speaking of which the entire games map and world is sadly very small probly the smallest world out of the entire seiries. and lets not forget when the game was first relased the faces.. ooooh the faces and textures were so broken when i finaly upgraded to a GTX 780 Ti (video card) it finaly fixed the problem but i still have constant random lag spikes that will throw me donw to 27 fps to 0 for up to 5 secs at a time very fustrating do i recommend this? NO if i were you id rather jsut watch someone on youtube do a let's play of the game belive me this game is not worth your money i first thote somethign was up when it had only been 9-12 mounths after i beat theyre previous game that i heard they were alreddy talking about the new one, my thote was.... this is too early the game should still be in way beta and while playing the game even after tis full reales it feels like im playing a game and its still in the fetus form of a child aka it felt like a baby was born 3 mounths before it was due being shoved out into a harsh new enviornment and if your wondering if in this game you see some more of the old civilization people no you dont i just finished the game while im writing this review all you see as a hint of them is a sword at the very end of the game so basicly i dont recommend this the world was to small the laging issues for no reason given and stuff.. idk i jsut dident get a good experience of the game and ill probly bet most everyone else had a bad expeirnce as well"
76561198030605229,Not Recommended,289650,14053630,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,bobthedude56,"The game runs horribly and has tons of weird bugs with characters teleporting around. The minimum recommended hardware for this game is rediculous, and I struggle to get 45ish fps on the lowest possible settings with an overclocked gtx 760. I love the assassin's creed series but this game is just a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,289650,13877803,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Monkey Does,"Very bad game. Combat has been unnecessarily changed to a system that takes too long. You just mash the attack button while your character slowly does an attack. Counters have been made to be useless. I try to do every mission stealthily and get caught. Trying to escape is futile because all the enemies will chase you and shoot you, doing 1/4 hp damage every shot.Stealth has also been changed. The whistle has been take away so the only way to get a guard's attention is to stand in his field of view and then hide before his alert bar fills up. A long process just to get a guard's attention and gives the same result as the whistle found in previous games.All this, while also putting up with the horrible framerate and stuttering. I maxed out Black Flag and got 45-60 fps. If I try to max out Unity I get 20-30 fps. Black Flag also had a ton more graphical options than Unity. Unity only has 3 settings for shadow quality, while Black Flag had about 5 including Nvidia Soft Shadows. Environmental quality has about the same amount of options but there are no noticeable changes between each setting. Options for god rays have disappeared, as well as motion blur, volumetric fog, and support for Physx. One positive is that they finally properly support 16:10 resolutions and Borderless Windowed mode. Good job taking 7 games to finally add it!The co-op is also laggy and unplayable. There's not even any real reason to play the co-op missions because they're not connected in any way nor are they tied to main story in any way. For a game that marketed the co-op so heavily and took away the great multiplayer from the previous games, I expected the co-op to be more prevalent. But I don't feel like I'm missing anything if I don't play it. When I DO play it, I feel like I'm missing the old multiplayer.This game feels like they decided to throw away everything from the previous great games and replace them with concepts. But the concepts were never fully fleshed out or polished. But hey, at least the game looks great if you've got the cash for a state-of-the-art PC right? Good job Ubisoft art team!Edit: I just finished the game after much torture and rage. I can say that the story is extremely uninspired and insignificant. The present storyline ins't progressed at all (I'm not exagerrating, the character says that the templars are wasting their time). It feels as though this game was just a filler and a test bed for a ton of new features that Ubisoft will polish and apply to the next game. Also, you can finally skip and fast forward credits in a Ubisoft game!A couple more notes, I noticed the stealth mechanic doesn't work in this game. It's very hard to perform an assasination without a nearby enemy hearing it for some reason. And double assassinations are extremely difficult to pull off because the two enemies have to be so close that they are hugging as if they're in love. Performing an air assasination isn't silent anymore, a nearby enemy WILL hear it and immediately go into alert status. That's about it. I'm off to replay Black Flag."
76561198080074099,Not Recommended,289650,14050385,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,you'r gunna die,the game is really glitchy at one point my character turned into a tree and it is also really laggy at most points
76561198080269716,Not Recommended,289650,18940512,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,BreezeZ.CEco,"Thought this game is really fun. Its only fun when It works. Always freezes when loading, crashes, crashes nividea driver. nuff said."
76561198106851842,Not Recommended,289650,18962066,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Stephan Paddock,"Buggy as balls, completly unplayable...DONT BUY THIS GAME!!!!"
76561197985494740,Not Recommended,289650,20352837,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Jheral,"One of the absolute worst examples of anti-consumerism in the games industry, hands down. It is a buggy mess more than a year after release, with incredibly floaty and unprecise controls that only work half the time, in addition to online features crowbarred in for no reason other than justifying an always-online system backing it.It is also padded and drawn out with collectables and sidemissions that are literally on the level of ""go here and kill this guy for a few pennies"".In short, it's a typical Assassin's Creed game. I got this at a hefty discount, but I wouldn't recommend this at any price. Ubisoft doesn't deserve to earn anything for developing and publishing this mess of a game."
76561198333849636,Not Recommended,289650,31873812,Posted: 20 May,all,DomiNation,"This game is only recomended if you LOVE the assassins creed series, If not DO NOT BUY, watch gamplay on youtube, this game sucks! worst game ever, but plays a part in my favorite franchise."
76561198084084642,Not Recommended,289650,17578616,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Aretei,"I Urge you to avoid this game at ALL COSTS!! poor build quality, and having the majority of PC users running around looking for bug fixes and solutions JUST TO START THE GAME!! NO NO NO. This game and other Ubisoft Games which elect to force you to use uPlay (which also is rubbish), are a symptom of big developers thinking they can charge full price for a game that clearly is not finished, and have it their way, ignoring the fact that Steam is a perfect software client. I'd particularly discourage AMD users to STEER WELLL CLEAR! (i have also seen Intel NVIDIA users have problems despite that being the apparent optimization). I'm running a rig that easily runs into the 80th percentile (high Performance) on systemrequirements, and when tested exceeds the reccomended requirements for ACU. Paying for a game at any price should not involve your legwork and downloading fixes and patches, fiddling with settings etc. Again NO NO NO, AVOID THIS GAME!!! V. Dissapointed!"
,Recommended,289650,14731284,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,FreakyJax,"Well, me being a fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise and Ubisoft, I was really looking forward to this game and was hyped for it. When I got it on it's release date (pre-ordered for bonuses which is stupid in my opinion), the game ran horrible. I'm sure everyone already knows this. I got at least 20-30 fps. Now it's stable from 40-60 fps. It's great that Ubisoft listened to all the feedback. So, now about the game. The story to me was.. okay. It wasn't as captivating and got me into it to the point where I almost cried (like other AC games). That's my take on the story; that's all I have to say about it. The combat was greatly improved in my opinion, you have to actually be good and time your attacks in this game unlike their previous games which were justblock, counter, block, counter, repeat.The stealth was also greatly improved. I'm a stealthy kind of guy when it comes to choosing my own playstyle, so I've experienced the stealth a bit more. You have to ACTUALLY be stealthy. Unlike previous AC games when you could just run around guards and not get noticed. The AI is improved and are smarter. The voice acting was fantastic for most characters. Some were not as good as some main characters, but that's ok since you only have to hear them like once or twice. The co-op multiplayer is a lot of fun, jumping around rooftops with your friends is one of the most fun things in this game. I absolutely HATE the companion app, the startup is slow, the puzzles are annoying, but the only reason I was playing it was to get Altair's outfit, but now they've updated it and heard the peoples' voices that the companion app sucks. In overall, this game is fun. 7/10"
,Recommended,289650,26823790,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thundercat,Love the story. Recommended
,Not Recommended,289650,28618031,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SilverBison,"Controls feel floaty,Framrate still drops below 60 on my MSI R9 390 and i7 4790k on high@1440pAnd the protagonist, Arno, is rather annoying.If you are looking for an Assassin's creed fix I would get AC Rogue insted.http://store.steampowered.com/app/311560/?snr=1_7_15__13"
,Not Recommended,289650,16574478,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ArdKing,"Bugs in the game, spray it!"
,Recommended,289650,28830740,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ApolloPlayz,Best Assasin's Creed Game Ever.
76561198086752111,Recommended,289650,18892134,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,101,<3
76561198298626480,Not Recommended,289650,31697529,Posted: 12 May,all,alexander.david.26164,yay my activation key does not work...
,Not Recommended,289650,34067131,Posted: 6 August,all,ZeroTacTiX,"Game's way too buggy nearly 3 years from launch. Can't go 5 minutes without encountering some kind of glitch.. Hands and feet going through objects, swords of dead enemies flying in air, things like that. Coming right from AC3, AC3 felt complete. Even the movement in AC3 was better..Even the story in this game is boring. I completely lost interest near the end.. But gotta admit some missions were fun, but they still felt repetitive (I'm talking about main missions alone). Overall, I wouldn't recommend it at all. The game has too many frustrating things than good."
76561197982180763,Not Recommended,289650,22057156,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,IronChin,Co-Op is broken. players getting stuck in endless fighting animations.
,Recommended,289650,22076159,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Nao Tomori,hell yea
76561197999717954,Recommended,289650,34397547,Posted: 21 August,all,Lee,i enjoyed paris so much.
,Recommended,289650,34941365,Posted: 13 September,all,MuffinsNTea ♔,Too many of these games but this one in perticular is pretty good.
,Recommended,289650,35371931,Posted: 1 October,all,john33512,low fps
76561198037108662,Recommended,289650,19170861,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,13,i really like this game. i got it when it first came out. not worth it. but since then ubesoft has got there act together the game runs well and this has my favoret potrails of the contras between assassins and templars by far.
76561198257930361,Not Recommended,289650,29230380,Posted: 13 January,all,Little_ways,"Though the key arrangement is suck, better use a joysticCo-op part is good in design but bad in connectionI am a little bit regret buying this game under temptation"
,Recommended,289650,32828803,Posted: 26 June,all,Hamu'kta-kali,I really really like this game it helps me with my autism :)
76561198162102639,Recommended,289650,23594969,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,𓃭DxbBoy9𓃭,My rating for AC:U out of five is the following...SETTING : 5/5STORY : 2.5/5CONTROLS : 1/5MULTIPLAYER : 3/5
,Recommended,289650,29962562,Posted: 16 February,all,sh1ptr,perf
,Recommended,289650,27189711,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,4ڴk20ϒ,"В целом игра хорошая. Конечно, если не смотреть на огромное кол-во багов. Надеюсь, ее когда-нибудь сделают идеальной."
,Recommended,289650,30001572,Posted: 17 February,all,✪Cosmo✪^v^,nice game7.5/10
,Not Recommended,289650,35422965,Posted: 2 October,all,GOGO COOLLZ,"good graphic, eerm yeah story mission about scale 7/10.. not so good..all game like that i believe..eermm yeah i think.. BUTALMOST I HATE THIS GAME ALOT IS MECHANIC FOR GAME, like move, jump, run, turn, action, attack, and more... ANNOYING!!!! BUGGING!!"
76561197968027933,Not Recommended,289650,28971449,Posted: 3 January,all,xabre2th,一樣髒兮兮的動畫質感，戰鬥跑酷各種錯位，過分簡化的戰鬥系統，本來雖然比不上蝙蝠俠，但至少有徒手和袖劍可以選，現在只有一個主武普攻...最糟的是合作任務crash，完成任務後再結算死當...所有wheel lock的填裝動畫居然都比黑旗還差，填裝速度之快，現代半自動手槍都會自嘆不如吧...槍響在潛行時幾乎不存在，聲響大概沒分等級...多一些雞肋的道具，像毒氣...武器多樣性也沒做出來，同級武器的傷害都一樣，更可悲的是手槍和長槍的有效距離也一樣，有沒有這麼混的...任務設計上也是標準ubi式的丟滿地，謀殺任務的位置感覺都沒有設計過，他們就只是在那...調查也是做的很隨便，和TW3的支線調查沒的比，大概只有概念類似的程度...還有那個日誌更新一直秀出來擋住你的線索文字...還好可以關掉...路人很多也很沒意義，反正玩家和路人根本沒互動可言...技能解鎖也是個笑話...總的來說質感很差...除了地圖和演出還有一些人物模型外，其他的東西都是回收在利用，難怪BUG修不完...一些細節都沒處理好...和阿卡漢騎士同時入手超有感...質感完全不能比...
,Recommended,289650,19253505,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,✅MightY<-NS csgoroll.com,no glitches Kappa
76561198113831131,Not Recommended,289650,35457442,Posted: 3 October,all,Sunaipaa,"One of the worst games I've ever played and the worst AC. Only tilting control and frustration. It is sad that the character is not able to move smoothly and even the slight height difference in the field makes a huge problem. Weak story (+ absolutely uninteresting characters), tedious side mission – quantity is not quality. Do not repeat my mistake and do not buy this rubbish."
,Recommended,289650,28220525,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,LittleBoy,曾经我以为，AC除了一代，后续的刺客大师对于信条的理解都不深刻，老色鬼是为家人复仇的花花公子，康师傅是为了捍卫家园而奋斗的土著，爱德华是一心想要自由的海盗，亚诺也是一个为了复仇的混混，他们，不纯然而，在大革命通关后，亚诺深刻的自白突然让我明白，也许，阿泰尔代表的是传统刺客，但是之后半路出家的这些大师们，尽管因为种种原因才成为刺客，但是你能说他们不是刺客吗，也许，信条不仅仅只有一种表达形式AC的形式慢慢趋于格式化，一部部玩下来，不免有些厌倦，大革命的结局让我眼前一亮。在我看来，被逐出兄弟会之后的亚诺才真正的成长为一名刺客大师大革命优化现在没得黑了，比较还有飞天入地寒鸦号在先。给个好评吧，剧情不错，让我找回了心中的信条
76561198190365662,Not Recommended,289650,17069224,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,=Harout= ハロッツ先生,so hard
76561198195513259,Not Recommended,289650,16996667,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Evenduke7,TERIBIEL
,Not Recommended,289650,18178653,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Spruzo,I wish I could say something good about this game but it won't let me past the first mission due to crashes and bugs. I can't really experience the game.
,Not Recommended,289650,21096346,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,i have no name :(,i buy all my games in steam but assassins creed unity is turn off my pc automaclly and tis is bad.
76561198151229739,Not Recommended,289650,18847370,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Papa,"If ou don't have a graphically demanding CPU, you are not playing this game... F OFF UBISOFT!!!!! -4/10"
,Recommended,289650,24961442,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,노아,great game.
,Not Recommended,289650,13989017,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Raistlin,"game is all around bad. ive enjoyed almost all of the assassin's creed games and this is by far the worst in the series so far.  the game is full of bugs and problems but even without the bugs, the game play style has dropped significantly from black flag. the developpers seemed to have tried to go back to the style of the previous games but have found a way to make it even worse. if you want to play a game of this style, just get black flag or any other game, not this one"
76561198175448401,Recommended,289650,17762344,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,TheMasterBanana,I know some people have been having some issues on running the game but my pc is very powerful so I play the game perfectly in ultra settings at 65-80 fps.
,Recommended,289650,27729721,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,silver moon,MOM，there's a game in the BUG which you bought me╰(￣▽￣)╭
,Not Recommended,289650,17671443,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Airbits,This game is buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥.. >:(
,Not Recommended,289650,17687269,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Red,"Hands down the worst performing game I've ever played. An extremely regretful purchase, even after all the patching ubisoft has done."
76561198214396156,Not Recommended,289650,17078908,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,rac1stp4nda,This game sucks... The FPS and story are terrible.
76561198121661033,Not Recommended,289650,20128210,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,evo,I NEVER got any confermation code for uplay and now i cant play game ofline or online -.-
76561198118010335,Not Recommended,289650,15289131,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,ronXshimo,"assassin's creed Unity was to be the last title from Ubisoft Year and Game of the Year. But in my opinion and many others opinion, it did not work. Very good graphics. And the game runs smoothly and without lags (at least for me. There are many people who complain that the game always gets stuck and died) nice story but not the best in the series of multiplayer is excellent. The main thing that destroys the game is the bugs. There are a lot of bugs even after a lot of patches are not fixed. I do not even have to explain about the bugs you can just go to Youtube and search .assassin's Creed Unity: bugs and immediately you will find a lot of results that would explain what I mean. The game does not even compare to the rest of the series and it seems the creators of the game had not even played it before they took it. If you even think to buy the game make sure that you have nVidia GeForce GTX 700 series or higher.I personally do not recommend the game. Especially not for $ 60. And if I know how the game failed I would not buy it in the first place"
,Not Recommended,289650,14138923,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Rellim,"I was so excited to play this game but when I started it up for the first time, it was so laggy and wouldn't even play. Too bad this game doesn't come with a free graphics card..."
76561198095122778,Not Recommended,289650,14062677,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,tricky,"I was one of the main defenderes of this game. But yesterday I started the dlc. I just wanted to check out the city. The city is boring, so I decided I'll just return to paris its okay. there is no way out of paris.  So I uninstalled the dlc went to play in paris and the game restarted. lost all my progress purmenently. I would like to report that ubisoft is oficialy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if the only way to get back to paris is to restart ur entire save."
,Recommended,289650,18844706,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Kazz,Ö :D
76561198117651379,Not Recommended,289650,16228173,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Zedrack,"This is bugged to hell... i dont mind harder gameplay, i actually personally enjoy it. new free run sucks... but i can deal with it. the bugs though.. i cant play 5 min. without getting stuck in a wall, furnature, or in the freaking AIR."
,Not Recommended,289650,16609109,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tylenol,"This game seems really good but I have not actually gotten the chance to play it yet because I cannot get past the first 30 minutes of gameplay because of me getting 10-15 fps even on a pretty decent rig. These are the things that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off about ubisoft. I thought Ubisoft could get it together in this but as usual, I was wrong. The optimization on this game is terrible. I am getting 15 fps when all the setting in game and the settings in the nvidia contol panel are low and this is unnacceptable. Next time I will think twice about buying a product from Ubisoft."
76561198183382702,Recommended,289650,24408126,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cony Mac,Very good game ! I love it !
76561198088355931,Not Recommended,289650,14319648,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Nightshade,"Honestly I want to say I reccommend this game as I love the series, but this is simply too much. I cannot deal with all the bugs and game breaking framerate issues. If they would polish it up I would reccommend it but from what Ive seen button mashing scenes and various other cutscenes are rendered unbeatable when the FPS drops below 6 which is almost constant even on a gaming computer."
76561198067796983,Not Recommended,289650,13205658,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,baguyton,I have always been a huge fan and player of the Creed games and this one was going to be no different. Along with all the reported bugs and performance issues; the game is now unplayable once i reached about 8% into the game. Disappointed and do hope a fix will come soon.
76561197964433367,Not Recommended,289650,13202882,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Likkebaard,"Unplayable, CPU near max nearly all the time and framedrops makes controlling this thing impossible. Heard about it but thought with my relatively new set it would be ok..I'd like my money back but unfortunately I bought it here... waste of 60€"
76561198162509244,Not Recommended,289650,15104457,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ich nei,"damn .. so ♥♥♥♥ing lagg .. bug .. and mistery jumb, climb .. waste of money :(( .. damn im feeling bad just bought that game .. :(( .."
,Not Recommended,289650,29130267,Posted: 8 January,all,Judge Creed,"So much potential gone to absolute waste. It is actually so saddening that I have to write this negative review as I love the AC franchise. I ignored all prior negative reviews on this game and went into it with a positive mindset. ""How bad can it be? It's Assassin's Creed, you can't balls it up that bad!"" Oh how naive I was. This game is cleary rushed and I'll be going through how bad they messed this game up.1. Free-running: They've changed the controls for free running, although this may be slightly annoying it isn't a deal breaker. However, it feels clunky as you can't manouver the way you could in prior games. For example, wall jumping to an opposite wall is just impossible, literally, you can't do it. The free running just feels ""scripted"", in the sense that it isn't free, it just doesn't feel like Assassin's Creed free running. Remember when you could take on multiple opponents in previous games and actually feel like a master assassin? Yeah well forget that too as if you get into combat with multiple people, not only will you have suffer with the flimsy and rushed combat system, but you'll also probably die because of the same rushed flimsy combat system.2. Combat: They had to touch a great combat system and just balls it up didn't they? ACBF combat was great, so was AC2, AC3, ACB and ACR. There is no longer blocking, you have to either parry (which is essentially a counter-move) or dodge. There is no variation at all and it just feels slow and clunky once again. Remember how you could take human shields when you are about to get shot? Yeah, well forget about it as you can't do that anymore so there isn't a counter for it. Unless you run up to the shoot and hit him, you are going to get a bullet to the face no matter how amazingly you zig zag away. Combat is ruined.3. Gameplay and Missions: The missions are quite standard but are frustrating when the simple game mechanics that AC was known for have been ruined. Making missions more tedious and annoying. This game feels like a chore and it shouldn't. You have to run a marathon each time you complete a mission just to get to another mission. Obviously done to increase longetivity in the game. Furthermore, once in a while you'll get these BS ""get to point B from point A cos Abstergo have found you"" type missions which add literally nothing to the game, story wise. It's just a filler mission aimed to increase longetivity of the game, completely useless and annoying.However, the stealth in this game is quite interesting, nothing revolutionary (pun intended) but still quite fun. The game looks great visually. Voice acting is on point but the story seems rushed. I won't spoil anything but you'll see what I mean if you choose to buy this game.If this is going to be your first AC game then don't buy it. Get Brotherhood or Black Flag. Basically, any AC game that isn't this one. If this isn't your first AC game, buy it with caution. It doesn't play like the other games and can get frustrating.All in all I'm really dissapointed with this game. It is clearly rushed and just feels like a chore. If you're going to purchase this then wait until a sale.Final verdict: 3/10 - and thats me being nice."
,Not Recommended,289650,13516535,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,D-V-RYAN,game still wont work. Give up all who enter here. this is a horrible exscuse for a game.
,Not Recommended,289650,17629371,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Zebbe The Hutt,6/10Recommend if you are Assassin’s Creed fan.Otherwise no
76561198063353906,Not Recommended,289650,13489984,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,"Geth Platform 45,767","Honestly, this game is not worth getting. At least for full price. Maybe in 6 months when the price drops AND goes on sale for less than $20, that's when i would get it. This has to be one of the biggest letdowns from Ubisoft. The storyline is very bland and the characters are extremely boring compared to any AC game in the past. Everyone has been hyped for co-op but the co-op missions are as bland as the main missions are. Go here, retrieve this, go there, kill this random guy, escape. Another thing about the story that I might add is that it is literally the shortest of all AC games. I literally forced myself to play side missions, co-oop missions, and complete side activites to make the game last, but it still felt very short. I continued to play after the storyline to complete missions but stopped because i was so bored. I haven't played it since i beat it about 3 weeks ago. Overall, the game itself is just bland. It is also very hard to run the game on high settings because of how poorly optimized it is. There will be the die hard AC fans telling you that it is the best AC, but quite honestly it is close to being the worst. I would give it a 3/10. 4 at the most."
,Recommended,289650,23643902,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,SRP949,AWESOME GAME!!! Realy had a lot of fun leveling up and playing with friends on the multiplayer campaign.
76561198062633690,Not Recommended,289650,18091091,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Fext,litterly trash
76561198129828031,Not Recommended,289650,16990221,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,PyroNovaBlaster,"Crashed at the first launch,i tried over dozen times now but thanks to Ubisoft,my game isnt even working."
76561198080032819,Not Recommended,289650,17017025,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Tactical Dwight,trash
76561197982705800,Not Recommended,289650,17018611,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Destromo,Came back and tried the game after I couldnt stand the majority of glitches when it was first released and I had played it around eighteen hours. Compared to when it was first put out alot of big improvements. But it still has alot of bugs including the main story arc. And how the character still has some major difficulty when it comes to just running across buildings has me screaming in frustration every once in a while. I would not recommend this game unless your paying five dollars for it. I like the series and enjoy the game but the way it was released and how it still has some major glitches makes me think you shouldnt waste more then five dollars on a game that is clearly not finished. At this point I dont even understand the story... is there even a story? I prefer to think not because if there was they would be failing at that too...
76561198043076889,Recommended,289650,17711771,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Blackish,Its good
76561198028490161,Not Recommended,289650,18197130,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Pyro,Ubisoft really needs to put effort into their games. It's about time they gave Assassin's Creed games a little break isntead of being so greedy to the point that they need to make 1 game every year. An actual decent game would be nice.
,Recommended,289650,13841619,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,GamingCanuck,"The BadStuttering - Sometimes the game will stutter, sometimes it won't. Hardware doesn't seem to make a difference, users with all different types of GPU/CPU/RAM have reported stuttering or FPS issues.Glitching - From time to time, when attacking I've noticed that the player will hit nothing but the NPC will take damage or vice versa. Happens offline and online, more noticeable online.Audio issues - Not major, but I've noticed the audio cuts out randomly then comes back after a couple of seconds.The GoodParkour System - Much, much better than other Assassin's Creed games. The character seems to have quite a few different ways of getting up, down and over objects. I've found with older AC games it was very repetitive, in AC Unity even after 26 hours of gameplay I'm still finding new ways of getting up a wall or getting off tall buildings.Graphics - Absolutely stunning game when you max everything out. The game runs at a very cinematic 10FPS, but each frame is glorious.Combat - Like the parkour system, it's reworked and I find it much better than the other AC games. It's not completely different, but they've changed enough to notice and for the better. This is the first AC game I've actually found challenging when you first start out. Kills feel a little more rewarding and take a little more effort, up until you're completely geared up.Missions - You now get to choose how you'd like to finish a mission. It isn't completely linear anymore, which is a nice change.Customization - You can customize everything on your character. You can mix and match everything from head to toe, you can even change the colors. Who doesn't love customizing your character to look how you want? No one.Not Great, Not BadThe story - You're probably not going to fall in love with Arno like how everyone loves Ezio, and the story isn't as rich as Ezios' or even Edwards' but you'll probably get a laugh or two out of things Arno does or say. While playing as Ezio, I felt like there was a point to every mission. With Arno, I just feel like I'm killing people while doing fancy parkour. I haven't felt any connection to Arno or his story, whereas with Ezio and Edward I loved those characters and it was amazing playing through their stories, I never wanted it to end and when it did I wanted to do it all over again. Except for the ending of Black Flag, if you didn't almost cry you have no heart.Would I recommend this game? Yes, I would. Not at full price, 33% off or more would be a pretty good deal. They've improved on quite a few things, sadly the optimization is just not where it should be. Hopefully they can patch it some more and get ride of the random stutters."
76561198138986318,Not Recommended,289650,16308941,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,schrickeljackson,"I see what ubisoft was trying to do. They wanted to make a multiplayer AC game, which I'm all for believe me.  However, in the process, they stripped the game of everything that people love about the franchise and added arbitrary new features that make the game near unplayable. They basically took Ezio, nerfed the living crap outta him, drained off his personality, and named him Arno. Not only that, but they just completely did away with the present day part of the story. I'll admit, it was a tad confusing in Black Flag, but that doesn't mean trash it. They made combat ridiculously difficult. I'll admit, you were OP in the other games, but now you're so underpowered that if you're facing more than three foes, you should just run.  The skill trees are the most idiotic things I've ever seen in these games. Not only are most of them pointless, giving you little to no applicable skills, but they actually force you to work for skills that every other assassin has had as a base, like double assassination, running assassination, and aerial assassination, just to name a few. As far as the multiplayer goes, it's... ok when it actually works. However, that's so rare that all the multiplayer feature serves to do is slow the gmae down and orce it to lag more than it already does. Finally, customization. This was one of the few things this game did right, but so many of the useful options are blocked by hat stupid companion app that you either have to stick with inferior amor or have your charcter look ridiculous because you mixed sets.  In summation, if you're a fan of the AC franchise, like myself, do not waste you're money on this game."
,Recommended,289650,30418987,Posted: 9 March,all,WLamper,"An amazing AC. Incredible graphics, huge plot, creative missions... this game is worth the money and the time."
,Recommended,289650,30264663,Posted: 1 March,all,Dermbrau,I didn't actually play this game for 80 hours. Once I accidentally locked myself out while the game was running and didn't get back into my house until the next day. Another time I fell asleep while playing.
,Recommended,289650,30269813,Posted: 1 March,all,BiG BaLLS,"Pros+Graphics: It looks very beautiful to run around in revolutionary 18th century France, and some kill animations are very satisfying.+Parkour: this might be a bit controvercial but I think that this is one of the better parkour systems in the franchise.+Combat: Actually challenging for once instead of just spamming X to kill a million guys.+Mission design: The missions were really fun to play through, especially the assassinations since you had so many different approaches to them.+Side missions: Although a bit repetitive sometimes, they all had unique back story and there were alot of them, so you have alot to do outside of the main missions.+Co-op: It's not really anything super amazing, it's just a nice feature to be able to play missions with your friends.Cons-Story: The story is kinda flat and forgettable(mostly) and it doesn't really fit that well with the French revolution.-Characters: Most of the characters were dull and annoying, like Arno. And it's not that great to be stuck with a bad character as the protagonist. Oh, there's also Bishop...-Glitches(?): I haven't really come across that many glitches but since alot of people talk about them I think I should mention it.Overall I think this is one of (if not THE) best Assassin's Creed game in my opinion, and I think it's very underrated.I give it 9/10."
76561198319659988,Recommended,289650,29966936,Posted: 16 February,all,yazenaljahwari,AC Unity is one of the best ASSASSINS CREED game ive ever played gameplay wise. the graphics are amazing frams perfectand the story is decent it is imersive
,Recommended,289650,30039159,Posted: 19 February,all,Daporra,better the second time round
76561198080639958,Recommended,289650,30096698,Posted: 22 February,all,Warclainer,"this game is amazing i've been a massive fan of assassins creed since 2008 and played this game for over 50 hours on ps4 and now playing it on my desktop ultra graphics. graphics r overkill in this game even on lowest they r still good. if u want everything in the game well good luck because that might just be about 10 mio there r over 100 armor (hoods,chests,gaunlets,pants and colors) and 15 outfits this is the hardest game in the series the blocking feature u will need to be alot faster on the buttons i realy recommend this game if u r good enough and fan of assassins creed...WARNING!  the game is extremely hard to run so have a good computer."
,Recommended,289650,30265642,Posted: 1 March,all,LORD_FLUFFINGTON,"I've played every Assassin's Creed game and In my opinion this one makes you feel the most like an assassin.PROS-Fully customizable character (every article of clothing)-Beautiful World (Feels very alive)-Most NPCs I've ever seen in a game-Smoothest parkour in any Assassins creed game (Including Syndicate)-Lots of missions (Can play all Co-op Missions singleplayer)-Many playstyles (Tons of weapons with thier own animations)-Character Animations are gorgeous-Lots of open Interiors!CONS-Mediocre Story (Not memorable in any capacity)-Lackluster Boss fight (Feels tacked on leaves a bad taste in your mouth at the end)-Bugs (Nothing game breaking but can be Immersion breaking at times, mostly faulty animations)-LOD (level of detail-far of buildings) Geometry and textures seem broken in the distance)Although this game has issues It's probably my favourite Assassin's Creed game simply for the gameplay.Pick it up when it's cheap!"
,Recommended,289650,30477816,Posted: 12 March,all,Synesi,"This is the first AC game for the next gen consoles(XBone and PS4). So the game looks beautiful and is a step up graphically from the previous games. They added character gear customization and alot of new weapon types which was cool.The cons are that they added alot of co-op/multiplayer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. For the most part it can be ignored, but if you want all the armor and weapons, you have to grind the co-op missions, which is annoying. They even added some stupid mechanics that lets you make a ""guild"" of real players, it was a waste of time on the developers part.I liked the new mechanics, the only thing that annoyed me was that they removed the mechanic that lets you ""whistle"" to get the attention of nearby enemies while you are hiding, to lure them to you. The lack of this made the hiding places worthless unless the enemy's pathfinding brings them right next to your hiding place.Overall though, the game was very good looking and I enjoyed the plot. The main character was charismatic and enjoyable to play as."
76561198287271274,Recommended,289650,30257080,Posted: 1 March,all,Kim Jong Un #FIXCSGO,Excellent
,Not Recommended,289650,21604667,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,The Toaster,"No, just no. Never."
76561198185983435,Not Recommended,289650,25371736,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,CAKeizer,Ubisoft is dying and this game was terrible! I loved the fact that you could switch your weapon loadout style. That was the only cool thing about it though and I have played and/or own almost all of the AC games.Game mechanics were complete trash they did not check to make sure that everything was done right so it's pretty buggy and they know the game is bad and they don't seem to take an interest into fixing it because I believe they think it is a lost cause and I am inclined to agree with that assessment.
76561198059716742,Not Recommended,289650,22348395,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,TheBloodyThing,"This game have the worst movement, combat and stealth mechanics I've seen in any AC game !"
76561198027062525,Not Recommended,289650,22462983,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ExplorerD,"In one sentence: great decor, bad designed running and fighting. Although I have played all assassin creeds before I never had so much trouble navigating and fighting. It gives me headache to see the image of the screen go zig-zag. Sometimes, (even with B pressed) he tends to grab all object he encounters or just attacks a guard. When I want to take a ladder up, it he tends to climb up next to it. Fighting: camera angle is bad. In a fight with more guys you need to turn the camere while fighting and this is too sensitive (I swichted to low sensitivity to x and y axis but still). Fights, chasing, runs, are all hard because of the camera issues. I hate this game because of that. If you would only walk around then this is great. If you want to fight, run, chase, it is a mistake. If I had known that movement and fighting were so difficult I would not have bought it. Sometimes I lose so much time in all the furniture, walls, pillars and such that the guy tends to hug... disappointing .`Furthermore, bugs... apart from clinging to all object I meet I have a char I need to steel from that is burried half in a fountain (so I cannot do anything, restart mission), another example: I had to chase a boat and got stuck in the floor.In a nutshell: good graphics and environment, story great, but chasing, running, fighting is one of the worst games I have played. I regret having bought this sequel."
,Not Recommended,289650,22514805,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Pastafari,"Time to comment...Hi! This game is crap!The controls are HORRIBLE! They are so obnoxious that you wish you had a joystick to throw into the wall! MAybe cause it feels like a horrible console game port on PC.The optimisation still suk! HARD!Tonns of bugs and glitches still that are annoying you every time you see them. Like floating coats above the bodies, stuff that appears from nowhere and people doing the same sometimes. Just appear or disappear.No logical interraction between you and the world. You just kill a guy in front of people and they do nothing.Copy-paste of Ezios face to Arno. LAAAAAZYVery poor story with no logical bonds between the things that happening. Like, a guy grew up in love with a girl and suddenly he has been setup and start killing people????? WHY THE F WOULD HE?! maybe he would come back after his gal tell her F all this crap we are going to forest and live theree peacefully and happily ever after, no the fu ker needed to kill some random people on the streets. What the F? Are so F lazy these days? Just some fancy art and graphics, some killing and apparantly perfect optimisation for consoles and CHICHING! money flows? F U K YOU! Yes i think you were trying to imply that the most players are F stupid and dont need a good narration. So F U very much!I feel sorry for all the artists that were involved into the ge game development, cause the ""picture"" is very beatiful but the overall game design is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Some players curses on AC 3 but i dont agree that that one was so bad. The controls maybe are like in Unity (but unity takes the prize in being horrible at controls) but AC3 still had a very good story to tell with very good character development that worked perfectly together with art and engine. Unity is a failure! This game is a good example about how you SHOULDNT make games for university students that are studying as game devs.So i cannot resist joking about uplay. In this case its rather nor uplay but uPAY! And we wank...Buy it IF its on new year sale with 90% discount, else forget it and go play Black Flag over again. ITs worth a while... Even storywise you wont lose anything skipping the Unity...So its a big NO NO!"
76561198066825794,Not Recommended,289650,22096244,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,aemneko,"Assassin's Creed used to be a great game. Now Ubisoft has turnned it into complete garbage. Broken features and a multiplayer system that doesn't work properly with no way to refund your money, Ubisoft basically jsut makes it more and more obvious every single time they release another Assassin's Creed game that they just want your money. Don't be a fool. If you play the single player, play the older Assassin's Creed, for the stories are no longer interesting and boring missions means you may as well just be playing the same game with slightly different mechanics the next game that make no real difference. And since multiplayer does not work for everyone on PC, it is a gamble to purchase this game. So do yourself a favor a don't purchase this game. There are tons of better games on Steam. Ubisoft just wants your money."
76561198033197180,Not Recommended,289650,22215507,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mars,I've played all Assassins Creeds before this one but I couldn't get what the hell is the logic in this game.... it's too complicated.
76561198247568116,Not Recommended,289650,22345310,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Animutor,"the mos ♥♥♥♥ed up, glitchiest, hardest combat, stupid ♥♥♥♥ing assasinations, assassins creed ever ♥♥♥♥ing produced what a pile of♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,289650,12921844,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,RevolutionXtreme,"Guys, this is how we should do it...wait for 1-2 weeks for patches (hopefully)..then do reviews instead of countless complain reviews about the performance. We have enough of those already, and any more isn't going to help.Terrible performance btw...EDIT: After tweaking with the graphic settings, i managed to run the game at 30-40fps on high settings at 900p...playable but not what i wanted :(If you ignore the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization (which will be fixed hopefully >_<) and some minor bugs, the game is really fun and after trying the co-op missions with some random people, I think its safe to say that this is a great game, only to be brought down by framerate issues and bugs. Overall i would recommend it after some patches.EDIT: Have no problems after patch 4 and am enjoying this fkin game to the fullest :DFURTHER EDIT: Upgrade to windows 10 brought rapid crashes"
,Not Recommended,289650,21659205,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Churly ❖,Game is decen but optimization is so♥♥♥♥♥♥I5 4460GTX 9608 GB RAMWINDOWS 10 64 BIT25 fps on low GG
76561198003883678,Not Recommended,289650,21127760,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Disembowler,"Still quite buggy, averaging around 22 and 26 fps. Boring storyline. AC Rogue is miles better!"
76561198077132986,Recommended,289650,33562782,Posted: 15 July,all,Nestle™,5/10
,Recommended,289650,33574071,Posted: 15 July,all,EKSDEEE,"this is awesome game i dont find any big glitch for now,much more fun if u playing with ur friend"
76561198023570792,Recommended,289650,24463320,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Qube,"There're some thougts Arno's probably often dealing with:""I'm the best parkour-runner of all time... dammit a ladder my only weakness""""Why do I always jump on those f*cking boxes when I'm tracking down my targets?!""""I can fight five soldiers at once but not be able to take them as a human shield against bullets (like in AC3) for some f*cking reason""""I can shoot those small phantom blades over about 25 m in someone's head, no matter he's moving or not, but if he runs right towards in a distance of like 3 m me I'm aiming like a drunkard""""And why are those things still harassing me after over one year after release of this still gorgeous looking, brilliant atmospheric but yet simply unfinished and sometimes massively annoying game?""I still recommend this game to every AC-fan, because it's, considering atmosphere, the world/Paris and the huge amount of character-customization-possibilities, just like you wished any other AC-game would have been... BUT the controls and the balancing are just f*cked up; not even a sufficient work Ubisoft!!!!!But well, AC-players are used to those issues (still, those have never been so serious and game destroying like in this part)"
76561197999501874,Recommended,289650,24418289,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,java_monkey,"Definitely the best Assassins Creed I have played yet.   The story is somewhat a continuation of black flag, and while not fantastic, is good, but some of the missions get a bit repetive.   The story gets better toward the end.I am playing on Win 10 with an FX6300, 8gb ram, and an R9 270 on a 1600x900 monitor with everything high, except environment details, whish is set to medium, averaging about 40 - 45fps in most areas, except for areas with a lot of people, and oddly,  caves, which cause a fps dip to 29 - 30.  I have not really seen the fps lower than 30 for the settings with which I play.   I also see no difference between this and high, but I do get another 10 fps on medium, so don't worry about turning the settings down a peg for the environment.In more than 60 hours of play, I have experienced one crash to desktop and one bug where an air assassination left me implanted in the ground, unable to move, requiring a restart of the mission from current checkpoint.    If you're worried about bugs and you have a setup similar to me, don't.  Ubisoft did a great job fixing this game.  I had a blast with it."
76561198089581242,Recommended,289650,24376343,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Bizebest,"buying it in 2016, I feel like this is a good AC game.I like the gameplay experience a lot and the story, though basic is different from the other games. I like the customization and open world and the skill system is a new way of pacing progression.I don't understand the point of co-op with complete strangers because we each have a separate idea of how to do things so  it feels out of place in stealth missions.Now that the bugs are fixed and that the dlc is bundled in, I think it's a pretty good buy."
,Not Recommended,289650,14151306,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hunter,Still can't launch it. Glad I bought the Gold Edition :/
,Not Recommended,289650,14150721,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,IndianTech24/7,I want a refund.
76561198133634024,Recommended,289650,29991770,Posted: 17 February,all,那瑪塔塔 HakunaMatata,"Awesome game, but you end up just running around doing nothing if none of your mates have it to play with you."
,Recommended,289650,30066479,Posted: 20 February,all,JFLalonde59,"Okay guys,As you can tell I've sunk my teeth into this game over the last 8 months or so. I was a patient gamer and waited for the game to get patched, which in this case was a GREAT idea. Playing on a GTX 960 2GB I must've fiddled a good dozen hours to play between the recommended 30fps and ratcheted down the graphics to get about 60fps, so I got a flavour of both. This game is by far the most complete, gorgeous open sandbox I've ever played. The progression of the AC series saw it's best with the next gen Anvil engine, which was also used for AC: syndicate but I have not played yet. Is is as significant a bump in scope and quality from its predecessor as AC II was from the first. Bravo Ubisoft!Now about the meat and bones of the game, Anvil being the remarkable bones. This game attemps to be an action game, a sleuthing game, a cooperative game and finally and maybe its most weakest aspect with respect to the others, a puzzle game. My biggest gripe is always the AI, though quicker there were a few overlaps in windows which seemed unplanned, but could be turned off if you wish so. Gameplay-wise, the fluidity with which Arno climbs over and under obstacles is the most fluid I've seen. Combat, though slightly confusing at first, is medium difficulty and medium fun.The thing about this game is the scope and the way Ubisoft meshes its own alt-history (I Know, I know) with the epoch in which you play. I heard they won't lean as much on the historic aspects for Empire, which would disappoint me greatly. Chances are though I won't be around.Enjoy this game! Thank Ubisoft for always extending their scope and giving us quality games like we've never seen before. Rock the casbah!!! Just not my casbah motherf***ers!!"
76561198135162746,Recommended,289650,30300046,Posted: 3 March,all,Vlad Holloway farmskins.com,"After I've played the game for some hours, I can say that the game is smooth af after the update, so I can totally recommend this game. I love the fact that you can do so many things in this game ( as in every ac game ) but ... The fighting mechanics are a lot better than the last ac games. It can't really compete with ac syndicate ( just because of the DLCs ), but if you're just for the game, for 30$ it is totally worth it ;)"
76561198073945400,Recommended,289650,13315210,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,☩Puf☩,игра♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198089368006,Not Recommended,289650,20302928,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,MaSteRCHEF58327,"A game so bad it gave me Progeria. Beside that it is terribly optimized and the controls are worse than they were before. Arno doesn’t give any ♥♥♥♥s, as he just walks the opposite direction into (insert any given object). On top of that he walks around stiffer than a damn robot like he has something where the sun doesn’t shine, typical."
76561198070762681,Not Recommended,289650,20437522,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,jsampson123,"absolute worst story ever written..how can you create such a beautiful paris and just not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the plot..imean ♥♥♥♥ way to completely ignore the entire frence revolution like its a small side event.. terrible, just terrible.."
76561198002553810,Not Recommended,289650,20458123,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,The Irregular,"I have a high spec pc that should run this fine and it does, but the controls for the game are absolutly dreadul, won't climb when i want to climb, jumps when i don't want to jump. NOT worth touching, not worth the Money"
76561198121374566,Recommended,289650,16764406,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,abda1978 (GamerFunn ),"this game is Cool , but you can not play against a friend & friend, just playing partners or alone ( AC Unity), and not like ACb, ACr, AC3, AC4.AC4 is the lastIt's the last game that you can play multiplayer, members can play against each other or scoring competitions.I really miss those games.Shame Ubisoft have not developed this game as they did in - AC4. And create a game like this."
,Recommended,289650,16727477,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,✪Cole,"Graphics are beautiful. the game is not very well optimized. i have a GTX 780 overclocked and it runs at 30fps or lower at max settings at 1080p. the gameplay is okay, but sometimes i fell like Arno is mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because he doesn't understand that WHEN I WANT HIM TO RUN AWAY FROM THE GUYS FROM THE GUNS, I DONT WANT HIM TO HANG ON A WALL FOR 3 HOURS WHILE GETTING SHOT TO DEATH!!! basically the movement is good, but can be pretty shotty at times because it is trying to hard to predict where you are going instead of actually going where you want it to."
76561198090117452,Not Recommended,289650,31715412,Posted: 12 May,all,HomeUse,"*hits parry button**is hit*oh okay whatever, probably screwed up timing*hits parry button**is hit again*Alright... Maybe I should dodge more.*Furiously presses dodge button**Enemy leaps ahead 10 feet to stab me anyways*Nice.Well, combat is terrible. Assassinations are nothing but smoke bombs and hidden blades. Co-op missions are terribly designed and incredibly buggy (Refused to be targeted by enemy A.I, stuck in battle unable to attack) The main storyline is absolutely terrible and hard to comprehend...Seriously, this is terrible."
,Not Recommended,289650,29620785,Posted: 31 January,all,Götz von Berlichingen,Do NOT buy it :P
,Recommended,289650,32342840,Posted: 11 June,all,Jeff,"I really don't get all the hate this game gets. Sure they messed it up on release but they patched it up quickly. It is the most beautiful Assassins Creed ever created, even Syndicate looks pale in comparison to this. Paris looks lively and lovely. The combat is pretty challenging and you can't win against stronger enemies by button mashing. Stealth is also improved and you now actually have to take stealth into consideration because you'll get slammed in combat even if you have OP gear. But the main storyline is pretty bland, everything feels pretty rushed, and character development was poor. But the Dead Kings DLC made up for it. Just because it was broken upon release people lost their♥♥♥♥♥♥and everybody boarded the hate train even after they fixed a lot of bugs. Overall it's a decent game in terms of storyline but a killer in every other aspects. Recommended."
76561198112309673,Not Recommended,289650,28664143,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TheBlackPrince,Can't play.Crash for every 5 minutes on the game.
76561198160342785,Not Recommended,289650,31926358,Posted: 23 May,all,Iambarman,"The parkour and the combat are♥♥♥♥♥♥ just watch the cutscenes in youtube if you want to see the story, the worst AC game6/10 average but it's not worth your time if you are a fan of the series"
76561198057992835,Recommended,289650,32007303,Posted: 27 May,all,Avarasai,"I recommend this only for the first half of the story. I wish I'd stopped playing at around sequence 7, because the story is garbage afterward. However, Paris is beautiful and there are hours of things to do, so there are some redeeming qualities that prevented this being a thumbs-down from me."
76561198064009871,Recommended,289650,18656795,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[16th]Antonis_Kun,It's a great game worth the money i loved it
,Not Recommended,289650,21847979,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Spinny Chair,It was a fun game but the bugs often destroyed progress or enjoyment you may have had.
,Not Recommended,289650,25197705,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,mrchowderclam,Crashes to desktop as soon as I try to load a save or start a new game. Seems like support for this game is dead too. Buy at your own risk I suppose.... :(
,Not Recommended,289650,18576227,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ThePandrake,An endless expanse of collectables without a compelling story.  A large world world that in the end feels all the seem without a compelling reason to explore it.Pass
76561198006070080,Not Recommended,289650,21803027,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Brave Peanut,"Three months after I got the game, I still can't get it to run. Oh well."
,Not Recommended,289650,23607122,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Blaine,"Difficult to make the character do what you want him to do. For instance, I just stood on a ledge stabbing an enemy on the other side of a waist-high gate. I wasn't able to jump in the window, my attacks did not hit him, despite swinging my weapon 3-4 times. I lost the mission."
,Recommended,289650,16741607,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Steel Delvin,it is fun if you get over how glichy it is  this is my personal opinion 6/10
,Not Recommended,289650,21319916,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,alex,disgrace to the seriesbuggy mess
,Not Recommended,289650,15098025,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Aethirion,"HORRIBLE! Coudn't get past S1M3 because of frequent crashes and texture bugs resulting in crashes. DO NOT BUY THIS! Even the console versions are flat out bad. the only redeeming feature is the gameplay, and that's.... rinse and repeat with a few changes. Cannot stress how bad this game is."
,Recommended,289650,24667767,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,boi,This part of AC series had big potential. I still hope for (big) remake of this part.
,Recommended,289650,29049051,Posted: 5 January,all,GenϯesiS Inviᵴible,เล่นยันจบ DLC 26 ชั่วโมง เหลือแต่เก็บรายละเอียดเควสเล็กๆภาคนี้ถือว่าแย่ในตอนแรกที่ทำออกมาไม่ดี กินสเปค บั๊กมหาศาลแต่ก็ยังยอมรับผิดและพัฒนาต่อมาเรื่อยๆไม่ได้เจอบั๊กอะไรที่ทำให้เล่นไม่ได้เลยสำหรับภาคนี้ถือว่าระบบดีกว่าภาคอื่นๆมากสมจริงกว่าภาคอื่นๆ ปืนคือปีน ไม่ใช่หนังกะติ๊กมายิงเรา เลือดหยุบ 2-3 ขีด นี่ 2 นัดตายไม่ต้องรอ Aim Ready Fire แบบภาคก่อนๆ อยากยิง ยิงเลย ไม่มีให้ใช้โล่มนุษย์แบบเก่าๆ Dodge เอาจ๊ะตัดระบบ Counter แล้วใส่ระบบ Parry มาแทน ใครไม่ชินนี่ถือว่าเล่นยากมากเนื้อเรื่องที่พยายามจะทำ Ezio รุ่นที่ 2 ถือว่าเฟล เนื้อเรื่องธรรมดา ค่อนข้างน่าเบื่อกับ Assassin's ยุคนี้ แต่ก็ทำผมเศร้าได้เช่นกัน QwQทหารตาดีกว่าภาคเก่าๆมาก ไม่ใช่จ่อหน้าแล้วยังไม่อยากจะเห็น (แต่ก็ยังมีโง่ๆเล็กน้อย)มีการเก็บแต้มอัพสกิล ระบบ Free Run ภาคนี้ถือว่าแปลกใหม่สำหรับคนเล่นภาคเก่าๆมาก่อนค่อยเล่นๆเดี๋ยวก็ชิน วิ่งสนุกมากกก เงินในเกมนี่ก็ไม่ได้เฟ้อเหมือนภาคก่อนๆ เคลียแล้วยังจนอยู่เลยมีระบบ Renovate แบบภาคเก่าๆยังได้เงินเข้า 7000 กว่าๆอยู่เลย ของแพงมั่กกกมีระบบ Co-op ที่สนุกใช้ได้ วิ่งกันมั่วซั่ว ตายกันรัวๆมาก 5555แนะนำให้ซื้อครับ ถือว่าดีกว่าภาคอื่นๆมาก 10/10
76561197999102787,Not Recommended,289650,14091988,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Shadowstar9,Story is above par.  Gameplay is boring.  Mechanics interesting.  Difficulty is easy.   Equipment  very buggy.   Overall:  Too expensive for a story.   Unless they fix the Major bugs This is not a good buy
76561198165136934,Not Recommended,289650,13481835,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,CF NATURE BOY,"Welp...I had to be a hard head and buy this game.  All the bad reviews are correct.  I was hoping they were all going to end up being exaggerations, but no; there are all correct.  ""It's only $40"", I thought to myself.  12g Ram Nividia G Fource 870 4th gen i7 intel processor and this game is unplayable.  I was really getting into the story too.  These two guys stole my watch, and I gave chase, but my computer ended up loosing the race.  What am I doing wrong here?"
76561198031742562,Recommended,289650,15534439,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,The Mighty L,"Welcome to France, where everyone has a British accent and occasionally say a French word or two."
,Recommended,289650,12981518,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Longshot,A$$ A$$ and Seed Unite
76561198094916594,Not Recommended,289650,13061394,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,KFJ,"Unless your PC has the equal running power of a nasa space shuttle, it probably cant run this game"
,Not Recommended,289650,14144434,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,M2,I have had this game since release. Every update i was forced to start over and with the last one cant even play at all i own all the past games but this is a waste of money.
76561198079910216,Not Recommended,289650,29050704,Posted: 5 January,all,WarriorPoet11,This game was purchased over a year ago and it would not work at all.  The only part that functioned was the starup and it continued to run so that when I finally gave up and tried to get a refund Steam refused to reimburse me because they didn't believe that it didn't work.  DO NOT BUY!!!
,Not Recommended,289650,14144072,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Exora™,"Well what can I say about Unity. Unity in short is a ""potentially"" brilliant game that Ubisoft have once again screwed up. It depicts Arno Dorian, a posh French Assassin who led the way through the French Revolution. So this SHOULD have been a great game. But It's not, and there are many reasons why. But despite this, I have had fun playing it, but not so much as last years Black Flag. So heres why:1) The GlitchesThere are enough glitches and bugs in this game to give even the toughest gamer nightmares. Many are relevant to the new Parcore system, and also the combat system. One such glitch included running across a wall and then getting stuck in mid air.2) The GraphicsGraphics ingame have a impossibly high requirement. Short of a military computer, you won't be able to run this game at it's peak. I have a good gaming PC, which handled last years AC4 Black Flag with ease. But this game ran so badly, I could barely move without lag. And one of the best way to improve FPS was to ""Go Offline"" on Ubisoft. When I tried this, the framerate doubled, which shows just how crap Ubisoft really are. If you have anything lower than a PROPER gaming PC then this game ain't for you.3) The StorylineOnce I got the game running at an ACCEPTABLE framerate (cough cough) I then payed attention to the storyline. The storyline follows Arno Dorian, a boy whose Dad got killed by a guy who I still don't know who he was. You follow him through his youth, and on the way become an Assassin (Well duh) and grow more into a badass. But before all that, the game is slow to get into. And before then you can't do Co-op. So....4) Co-opCo-op is actually very good for the game (the one bit about the game that I like), which involves serious parcore & introduces multiplayer missions. You can have fun rescueing people or something like that. Co-op is also suited to various playstyles, such as playing as a ""Mid/Long Range Sniper Assassin"" or maybe a ""Close Range axe Assassin"", which means that players can accept various roles. This is the one good part about the game.Overall, this is a ""not brilliant but potentially good"" game that Ubisoft have once again screwed up & let their customers down with. £30 on this doesn't feel justified, I actually think that the price should be approx £15 at most. Such a pity Ubisoft..."
76561198114711863,Not Recommended,289650,14958149,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Murfdawg2020,"Love Assassin's Creed..... But what a Crap Game This Is...Graphics Suck. Choppy and Jumpy to the point where I just said... UNINSTALL.And That I Did.Ubisoft customer sevice blows, by the way."
76561198059399607,Not Recommended,289650,16365742,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Helicoper Cat,Greate concept but.. if i were able to play that game that would be amazing. The 1.4 hours i have in game is trubble shooting it to work. and i searched online for about 2 months for an answer to my problems and i have yet to find one. My compute specs are just above mimimume requirements and i still can't run it. I wish steam allowed my to refund the $89.99 that i wasted on this game before it was realised. I really like all the ACU games before this game. Atleast those games can run normally. Hopefully the next game will be much better then this game.
76561198149177932,Not Recommended,289650,17048382,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,SleepyHispanic,I have the recommended specs for this game. And every game i get i can run at max graphics at at least 60 fps. But for some reason this doesnt run that fast. And the max graphics is quite ugly. I have seen the console version of this game and it looks a lot better. This is honestly in my opinion a bad port and you shouldn't waste your money or time.
,Not Recommended,289650,17144725,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,CasualAssassin,"Bugs, good graphics, shoulda got black flag, but a vast array of utilitarian options not available in prevoius assassins creed games. Could have been better, but fun to play. (However... not for the price.)"
76561198200908659,Not Recommended,289650,17196151,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Raging Ginger,"I CANT EVEN OPEN THE ****ING GAME. IT IS NOW ONE IN THE MORNING. I DOWNLOADED IT THIS AFTERNOON. I MEET ALL SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS, HAVE DOWNLOADED AND REDOWNLOADED EVERYTHING I CAN. THIS IS THE ONLY GAME I HAVE HAD A PROBLEM WITH AND ALSO THE ONLY UBISOFT ONE."
76561198045513296,Not Recommended,289650,17207115,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,wolfy,comeing up to a year and the new assassin creed comeing out soon but yet thay have not fix this one.so glad steam has refund now. not woth your time or money
,Recommended,289650,17461953,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Sig Bmoke,"TL;DR: If you don't mind a bit of lag, pick it up in a Steam sale, butdon't buy if it isn't on sale.Overview:Rating: 7/10From the 2 hours I have played, I have experienced no lag,and even though the story isn't the best, still overall a fun game.Story:Rating: 6/10Not the best plot in the world, obviously Black Flag was the best,but still fun for just murdering people, plus multiplayer, right?Mechanics:No rating here, because my opinion is probably wrong becausemy favorite game of all time is Galaga.Opinions on the lag:I didn't see any lag, but that is probably because I have a beefy computer.Summary of the review:Good game to pick up during a sale, but would not reccomend playing full price.Also keep in mind you may experience lag,but it is a pretty fun game.If your computer can't run the game,than I reccomend getting Black Flag.Or Galaga. Galaga is always fun."
76561198052222646,Not Recommended,289650,17425696,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Din Dragon,This game is just really unplayable.
76561197994570644,Not Recommended,289650,17313189,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Herbdog,"This is a review of game play after 40+ hours.I have just complete the story missions of this game and after completing Blackflag and Rogue before this I'am disapointed.The previous two games are incredible fun and rewarding but Unity felt like a chore and hard work to me.The map is huge, maybe to large with little to no variety. The Controls are horried. trying to get in a window is hell (yes i know its left trigger)The lock picking and lite rpg elements are forgetable and just plane annoying.As far as technical issues go I had no problems except for the odd floating npc. Get a smoth 60fps at 1080p on 2 gtx 770s 4gb.To summerise this game is simply not fun to play, I can not recommend it after the brilliant fun of Black flag and Rogue."
76561198037546846,Not Recommended,289650,17314900,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Yoiiiiiiioioioioioioio,Even though i'm a big fan of the ac franchise this game was a dissapointment. Now if it works properly then it's really good but if it doesn't you might as well get a refund. Also Uplay is very bugged so it's up to you!
,Recommended,289650,17377005,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Captain Autismo,"69 bugs in this game, I counted, but it runs so smooth 24fps, 2cinematic4u, human eye cant see past 24fps right?"
,Not Recommended,289650,20141149,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Alex of Swag,My system recommends very high for this game and i had to play on low with 20-30 fps just to get through the few hours I could put in the game. Not to mention the terrible camera that is always delayed when following your character and is too low for you to counter attacks that come from behind you. And to top it all off the co-op is empty so there goes one of the best ways to get skill points. It would be fun if anything worked about but its just too broken even with me getting it for a sale price. Going to play Rogue instead.
,Not Recommended,289650,16766946,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Scott Micken,They went against the creed.
,Not Recommended,289650,12982662,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Nocturnal,Micro pay Micro Pay and more Micro pay!! Want to feel like a winner? Got money!!! This is the game for you!!! pay 90 dollars for a buggy game! Why? Because your an idiot!!! then get the free mobile app to play games that unlock stuff for you in game! Oh Wait your limited? Upgrade the app for 2.50 and get more options!!!! Having a hard time in game winning battles with our new fighting system? Pay money for Weapon and armor upgrades!!!!Yes i fell for all that. I feel like such an idiot now also and to top all this off The save game progress just disappears after a while. So i hope you like the opening sequence cause your going to play it over and over. Contact support and you will hear nothing. no refund. nothing. . . This is my last AC Game. what a shame i have loved this series. R.I.P Assassins Creed.Oh and I contacted Support and they told me i encountered a glitch and to use a Third party Software to manage my saved games. How Incompetent is a company they cant even keep your save game and recommend you running a totally different software just to save your progress!!!! Did EA Buy out Ubisoft When i was asleep??!! WTF! So basically no refund in sight for a game i cannot even play unless i want to play the beginning over and over again.DO NOT BUY. FULL OF BUGS AND SUPPORT COULDN'T CARE LESS. DON'T BE A SUCKER!
,Not Recommended,289650,23826404,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rickvd31 ~~(UNOX)~~,very buggy with the controls. free running is not good. and bad missions don't make any sense.
,Recommended,289650,18635045,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Halo1m,If your face didn't disappear then you probably had a good time!Uplay.11/10
,Not Recommended,289650,18829921,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,kecin25,"I do not Recomend this game for two big reasons...If you want to do anything besides basic controls you have to use mouse and keyboard, for example get ride of a msg telling you how to throw smoke bombs, you have to click the close button instead of pushing A on your controller, If you want to switch to a diffrent wepon you have to use mouse and keyboard. Secound reason if you try to use the mouse and keyboard after you tried the controller, it does not work at all."
76561198083466296,Not Recommended,289650,12963286,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,baluu,Patches are made to make the game work better not to worsen them
,Recommended,289650,31040611,Posted: 9 April,all,Pootis Bird,This game is good for a open world games and the mechanic of the game is good
,Recommended,289650,24012833,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Badger,"Glad I waited for all the bugs to be patched and bought this in the summer sale. It is a really great game, a credit to the series. Fantastic city environment and some good multiplayer fun."
,Recommended,289650,28903349,Posted: 1 January,all,JTPNZ,EVERYTHING IS GORGEOUS. THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST ASSASSIN'S CREED I'VE EVER PLAYED. :D
76561198240891962,Recommended,289650,29658371,Posted: 2 February,all,Edmund Alfred Hornington III,"10/10. Perfect campaign, sadly my PC didnt run this game, but I palyed this game on PS4 and spend more than 100h easy, great graphics for a 2014 videogame, better than Whatch Dogs 1, 2 and much better than Clon of Duty Infinite Warfare. Absolutely recommend this game. Its awesome, much fun. And the Co-Op its MUUUUUUUUCH better than other Assassin's Creed's multiplayer. And too many puzzles."
76561198055251854,Recommended,289650,28713548,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jess,RIP PC
76561198197006851,Not Recommended,289650,28165845,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,CuttingEdge132[F69],It would be good but i dont see the point in making a game for only people who have spent thousands on their computer
76561198158294016,Not Recommended,289650,28169189,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Lt.Melon,"Do not buy this game I did left the game a couple of months got back on just to see actvation key required enter it, game key already used by another account, I am using the same account as before and I cannot play what i spent money on."
76561198336433200,Not Recommended,289650,26030615,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Syree17,the game is way to glicht
,Recommended,289650,27830301,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Heath_Cliff24,Gameplay  7/10Story          8.5/10This is a good game
,Not Recommended,289650,29622941,Posted: 1 February,all,Grim Reaper,Assassin's creed unity is just a bit of a mess crashs after 10 to 15 min on pc. its mainly just a bad pc port get it on console if you really want to play it besides that its overall not a good one in the assassin's creed line of games story is boreing combatte is spam left mouse and hit e once the people you meet in it are as bland as bland can be just buy like black flag or something just not this
,Recommended,289650,27537488,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Player 1,Feels like an Assassin's Creed Game again.
,Recommended,289650,16241890,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ravaaga,"This is a great game. It is buggy, but if you get past all the anoying bugs, the game is great.i give this game a 9/10."
,Not Recommended,289650,21342622,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,KwennyS || CN,cant run game......
,Recommended,289650,12941931,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Rybob9,"Okay, so here's my review. I really like this game, but unfortuately, I have to write a bad review. This game would actually be great and possibly better than AC2 if the game ACTUALLY WORKED. If you get this on a platform other than PC, I'm sure it's great. But coming from a person who runs advanced warfare on 60 frames on all high settings, this game does not work. I have to run it on all of the super low functions and it gives me 20 frames. So, in short, if you have a super computer, this is a game for you. But if you don't, please consider getting it on a different platform because of the glitchyness. I personally will keep playing because I like the game, but not the bugs. Hopefully something will be done about them. Thank you.Edit: So, ubisoft says they will fix it when they can, but the reason my review is now positive is because I recieved an email about season pass holders being eligible for a free game, which means I will get Far Cry 4 for free. Thanks Ubisoft!"
,Recommended,289650,15015226,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Arno,finally the game is working a few bugs and glitches in there but nothing game breaking unless you are planning to play       co-op......But overall the game is greatmy rating would be 9 out of 10 if not for the glitches i would be 9.5would i recommend it? .......Yes..... but you need a strong PC to run the game smoothly for me i can run it on medium with no stuttering..... and for my friend she runs it on low but still she gets a  little bit of stuttering every once in a whileto sum it all up1-you have a strong PC go for it. the game is fixed now (at least for me and my friend)2-expect a lot of glitches3-the game is working tested with two different pcs (Both runing windows 8)
76561198111283880,Not Recommended,289650,12962208,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,kokaynjezuz,:(
76561198279204238,Recommended,289650,30294813,Posted: 3 March,all,maozkov,"Short review here, but this game got a lot of flack, and I didn't understand why. Apparently, it used to be riddled with game-breaking bugs. I'm about 68 hours in, and so far, the bugs had been very few and minor, not dissimilar to AC: Syndicate (the only other AC game I've played so far).In fact, as enjoyable as AC: Syndicate was, the side missions feel more varied and interesting in this one. Syndicate had basically 3 kinds of side-quests repeated over and over. The main drive to complete them was just to conquer more of the city.Also, if the recorded hours are anything to go by, Unity will have given me more bang for my buck. 68 hours in, and while I seem to have completed 2/3 of the side-quests, combined with the story missions, it says I'm something like 30% finished the game. I know from Syndicate that you can complete the games well under 100%, so it must be charting collectables as well, but still, I feel like it has more content than Syndicate.Solid game. I wish I could rank it among all the AC games, but with only one other under my belt, I have much more to go."
76561198353554282,Recommended,289650,31832135,Posted: 18 May,all,iiLenny_xFace,Greatness...
,Recommended,289650,14075849,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,doughboy,"I have played this game since release and I never found that many bugs. Although there was a few at the time, I think overall the game play, story, and design are well thought out. They are displayed in a way that I enjoy and I believe you should enjoy. Out of all the Assassin's Creed games, this is by far my favorite; due to the story line and history of it. I'm looking forward to the next installment and so should you."
76561198172697607,Not Recommended,289650,19369086,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ash,"This the second AC game i have wasted money on and i wonder how i could be so stupid. Ubisoft is a disgrace to game companies because they are too incompetent to design something that can ACTUALLY RUN. upon running the game, i was faced with a problem where the resolution jammed at 320, took a long time to sort this out. as the screen was completely stuck and barely anything was visible. I know im not the only one with this problem because when i was googling for a solution many others had similar resolution problems. As if the issues with revelations werent enough......well done ubisoft at churning out yet another sloppy defective game"
,Recommended,289650,19386928,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Harambe>3,NEED POWER PC TO PLAY DIS GAME VERY POWER PC
76561198090604473,Not Recommended,289650,19366308,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jeban pidor blyat!!! cyka,this is disapointing... i have wanted this game so bad and when i get it its Crashing so i cant play it!. ACU.exe fail.Someone that can help me?
76561198033369858,Not Recommended,289650,20708543,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Im baman,"Played AC 1 and 2 and am quite disappointed with how npc pathways, control input/response and texture renderings have NOT evolved even the slithest from previous games. Feels half made in gameplay as combat, interactions and movement can be more optimized. Tried changing anti-anializing and am now stuck with a windshieldeffect scrolling across my screen, VERY BAD graphics optimization. Storytelling is the only good thing aswell as face expressions.I am sad to say that I will not, desipte my huge interest in this perticular AC series, continue and finish this game.UBISOFT, stop ruining games."
,Not Recommended,289650,32913447,Posted: 27 June,all,Static,"Assassin's Creed: Unity is probably one of the best looking Assassin's Creed games I've played, and the customization of your character definitely adds some creativity and fun. The story, at least for me, was nothing too special. The only thing that really comes to mind that is memorable are the story missions, which most were more difficult than what they should be and kind of bland (or just flat out annoying. like they added it there just to add more hours into the game)Edit: After I died on some of the missions it would actually automatically skip a section of the mission, which to be honest I was fine with because some of the missions were either too hard, really annoying, or useless."
,Recommended,289650,15646407,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,PyreX,"Very entertaining, however too many bugs to play for a long period of time. Would be better if some key fixes were made. Not very CPU intensive."
76561198144212316,Recommended,289650,15827472,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Cptbeer,"All the issues that were at launch are gone, The game runs smoothely for me and the controller support is really good,Positive:The Combat system is hard to learn but it feels awesome when you learn how to do it right. And its the first time that i dont feel like  a counter-attack master and i cant slay 10Million enemies only using counter-attack anymore. it makes me feel more like a Assassin.Stealth is good but it sometimes gets abit cluncky but it is something that i can overlookNegative: it got so much bad rap during the first months that i didnt even wanna buy it so i waited for too long and now the Online servers are almost dead, i think i got like 3 possible connections during 15-16 GMT+1.Over all cridict.Get it if you like AC and if you wanna heist (wich isnt anything special its just a co-op experience in a AC game) get some friends and make them buy it either by money or force. you will definetly have some fun,"
,Not Recommended,289650,31543352,Posted: 4 May,all,Brian BD592,"crashed after 3 a 4 minutes playing, downloaded it on 2 laptops, but both didn't work."
,Recommended,289650,18956351,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,FrostRCK,"After some hours of playing (in the middle of sequence 12), I just want to say that this is not a terrible game. I have heard lots of negative reviews about it (especially on PC) about low frame rates and terrible glitches, but I believe that this has been fixed already, since I have only encoutered about 1 or 2 glitches. The story is not terrible, either. It narrates the story of Arno and his struggles very well, and to be honest, the plot wasn't super predictable (which is also good). Co-op is extremely fun and I absolutely loved the idea of bringing it in in gamplays (too bad they didn't keep it in Syndicate). Gears are a little bit expensive and I am not a fan of the microtransaction (too bad they kept it Syndicate). But generally this is a good game."
76561198215431697,Recommended,289650,19012967,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Choowde223,incredible game keep it up ubisoft
76561198107054669,Recommended,289650,19024495,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Velvatine Rabbit,The game has it's good points and it's bad points for sure but even so I still would say it is worthy of a try.
,Recommended,289650,24196621,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ripperino!,Great Game I love It-EXEPT WHEN UBISOFT DECIDES TO PUT A LOCKED III AND A NORMAL NOT LOCKPICKABLE DOOR INSIDE EACH OTHER ON A HAIST!! >:*
,Not Recommended,289650,24070382,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,GussiePotato,"One word to describe this game:  boring....  Just not fun.  If you want a simulation of 1789 Paris that you can run around and say ""Wow.  Look at Notre Dame and St. Chapelle!""  Then this is the game for you.  If you want interesting quests, side quests, and combat, well then you better keep looking because those aspects of the game are just... like I said before... booooooring.   ""Go talk to this person and then this person and retrieve this object""!  YAY!!!!!!  Go grab a bunch of these chests that are just laying around in plain site...  YAY!!!!!  Accidentally run into some guard and then kill him like he has no clue you are even attacking him.... YAY!!!!!!!BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRINNNNNNNNG!  Your money is better spent elsewhere."
76561197988510453,Not Recommended,289650,12953546,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sheep Lord,"I'm running this game on a GTX 770 and using the settings that Nvidia recomends for the card.  Texture quality to lowest setting, and everything else to medium or lower.  I would think that this would look at least as good as other games I can't run on max settings, but it looks like something I'd expect to see in 2005.  I wasn't able to run AC IV on max settings but it still looked good quality.  This looks terrible AND the framerate is still so low it gives me a headache.Gameplay-wise, it is the same as other AC games but you can easily get the best equipment in the game very early on.  Instead of there being varying types of guards or something, the guards just have little markers above their heads indicating their ""level"" or how hard they are to kill.There are a lot of missions that have you sneak into a mansion.  Stealth is basically not an option because the guards are just too good, the buildings are labrynthine, and you have no kind of map. If you think you know a way to a location you'll quickly find that you have to go in a huge cirlce around the whole building to get there and your route is non-existant.Say you have to get to the second floor.  You climb to a second floor and go through a window.  As you work your way around guards towards your goal you find that your objective can only be reached by going up a staircase from the first floor and the rooms you've been going through are not physically connected to your goal.  I found myself getting fed up with stealth and just fighting my way through everything in the game after a few hours.The story is very bland for an assassins creed game, you kill one guy and find he was taking orders from another guy that you didnt know about before and then you go kill him and find out who his boss is.  The characters act like they're so shocked that the guy they just killed wasnt the boss every single time, when the same thing just happened with the last 7 guys they killed.There are scenes where you get caught in a glitch in the animus and have to play through some action-scene in a different time period than the rest of the game.  It's a cool idea but it's very sudden and forced every time and in the end it's just in the way, annoying, and doesn't fit with the rest of the game.I have only said bad things because as far as i can tell there are NO improvements or changes from previous AC games in an attempt to make it better.2/10  unfinished, unplaytested and pretentious."
,Not Recommended,289650,14927537,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Hochmeister Judas Der Rot,"The controls are great if you have nothing else to compare them to. They're the kind of controls Napoleon would have scripted if he couldn't find a coder and just needed something quick. Just like in all the previous titles, you frequently run into walls, jump on things you don't intend to jump on, or dive under things you wish you hadn't only it's somehow way worse. When I finally got the opportunity to explore Paris, the first thing I did was fulfill my dream of falling through the map."
76561197989168299,Recommended,289650,14965467,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Delatore,"Compared to previous games, Assassin's Creed Unity has definately made some improvements, but still lacks in several areas.Pros:+ The addition of a way down in the parkour system+ The visuals are quite impressive especially for the size of the world.+ No loading screens when you step inside a building really adds to the immersionCons:- The parkour system is still unpredictable. On occasion, it will simply stop working for no apparant reason- Major imbalance in the upgrade system. You can get to just below the top tier in a couple hours and then spend the rest of the game making it that last 10 percent. On the flip side, if you manage your inventory properly, this makes alot of things very easy.- Tutorials: The game doesn't really hold your hand and for someone who's been out of the Assassin's Creed games for awhile, this left me feeling very lost at first. I got it though, so I can't complain too badly. Still, a newbie to the series might have trouble.Overall, I'd say my opinion is pretty mixed. I like it, and I'd recommend it to someone who wants to try it, but if you didn't like the previous games, don't expect anything to have changed."
,Recommended,289650,14964841,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ssampson63,"This is one of my favourite Assassins Creed games, I love how much smoother the movement is compared to the others, the music is great, and i feel they had good characters. I love the fact that they have murder mysteries to solve and my favourite part is the customization."
,Recommended,289650,17113814,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ser90,Loved this AC. It's much better than AC4: Black Flag for many reasons. The travel time between places is significantly shorter. The co-op missions are quite fun with others but I would suggest bringing friends over skype or some form of teamspeak to make it easier. The combat system is a little different from any other one in the past so it takes some getting used to but it is more involved. Some bugs that might annoy you is free running is a little buggy. But otherwise a blast.
,Not Recommended,289650,13465061,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Big Buttery Potato,"pretty, but nothing new. also Uplay is still a mess. Haven't run into bugs, but I am noticing how card board every personality is :/ too bad they continue to use cliches in the stories that are eye-roll level of ""ugh"""
76561197970320868,Not Recommended,289650,12975855,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,sizer99,"This is the biggest pile of buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was tolerating it till the update wiped my save, which I guess you could say was a mercy.It looks nice?"
76561198038389661,Recommended,289650,12947877,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,choppy the panda,"Beautiful Paris with an interesting historical event, tons of stuff to do, and the fun coop making this game feeling like an actual brotherhood other than a story of one legendary assassin. Graphic optimization can be improved but with my GTX660ti, I can run high quality without much trouble."
,Not Recommended,289650,20705783,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kenimontoast,"Game's horrible, doesn't run correctly, frequent chrashes, game is buggy and/or glitchy at all times, poor framerate (even with a 960 gtx. Basicly a waste of money <3"
76561198350240641,Recommended,289650,29850170,Posted: 11 February,all,元哥最帥，慕慕最愛,Picture effect is amazing，but nothing is perfect.
,Not Recommended,289650,20722421,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SSGT. Frost Zero,Assassins Creed.....nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nopeThis is a disgrace. to Assassins Creed. Glad they released AC Rogue as a Counter Part.
76561198105346585,Recommended,289650,29309713,Posted: 16 January,all,Monokuma,If you can run it this game is ok
,Recommended,289650,18822101,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Scharf,Its meh. Runs a lot better than from release though.
76561198092968196,Not Recommended,289650,18268700,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ChaoticKn1ght,"If You Want To Play This Game Do So But Only For The Story Because The Controls Are Unresponsive, I Try To Drop And He Hangs There Or I Try To Go To Cover And He Decides ""nah""  And The Rate At Which You Get Spotted For Using A HIDDEN BLADE! Is B/s Also I Dig The Enemy Is More Observant But Like Pointing Me Out 10/10 Times When Im In A Group Disguise Is Dumb As Hell. But Still Great Game cant Wait For Syndicate. [edit] ♥♥♥♥ it this game is ♥♥♥♥ing dumb who ever was the team who programed this should be docked a paycheck, (not sorry) Like Are You ♥♥♥♥ing Serious With This Game!? ♥♥♥♥ING HELL THIS IS THE WORST ASSASSINS CREED EVER DUE TO GAME PLAY!!! ♥♥♥♥ THIS DUMB♥♥♥♥♥GAME! SYNDICATE SAVE ASSASSINS CREED!~"
,Not Recommended,289650,16534800,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,thegravy,"This is the first AC game that I couldn't play. It runs horribly, the story is beyond boring, and the combat changed in very unusual ways. If you like AC, you'll stop buying these games now. Let Ubisoft know that we won't stand for microtransaction-laden broken trash like this."
,Not Recommended,289650,13927913,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,M4R5H,Main menu lags. Saving a game gets stuck there and it won't let you play. Bad bad Ubi.
,Not Recommended,289650,14056595,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Murdock,Very sad to see somtihhng like this sold to people.
,Recommended,289650,29166989,Posted: 10 January,all,Nyaaa,gewd gamu
76561198067336370,Recommended,289650,14927312,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ObliviousPrussian,"I was able to run it thankfully, but it requires a beefy computer to run with 1080p. Thanks to a few recent updates I was able to play. I use a Nvidia GTX 970 and a intel 3.4 ghz quad processor with 16gb of ram. THIS GAME (UNFORTANETLY) REQUIRES A BEFFY COMPUTER TO RUN A 1080p. After recent updates, I found the game was fun."
,Recommended,289650,29149177,Posted: 9 January,all,I-Za-Ya-Kun,Trully an amazing expirience with the minority that it has a lot of glitches going on and can be found especially when playing with a really low frame rate we are talking about glitches that need game restart to fix like unable to move and things like that but if your specs are higher than the riquirements no need to worry just be sure that  SPOILER COMING ON DONT REED THIS IF YOU DONT WANT SPOILERS:when you fight bellec the fight can glitch and you wont be able to be him on the fast pressing e mode fight so you need to use lowest resuliotns and settings to reach the final stage and the download cheat engine to be able to pass it.Under than that great game to story is good a bit dramattic but the best thing of the game is the new coop mode trully a master piece defently recomending the game just be sure that you wont forget the fight bellec fight promblem i gave you the way to pass it if you buy it have funny playing.
76561198207137097,Recommended,289650,23207083,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,The Great Britain,"Игра хорошая рекомендую,но слишком высокие системные требования и баги.А в целом игрушка хорошая она стоит ваших денег."
,Recommended,289650,33399253,Posted: 9 July,all,JDMs15,....
,Not Recommended,289650,14115165,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,HeroesLiM James,Garbage
76561198041075930,Not Recommended,289650,12894690,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Prudence Medici,"So I just purchased a new Alienware Aurora... Just wanted to point out that this has the best specs Alienwares offer. I spent over $4000.00 on it.. I downloaded AC Unity within two hours, go to play the game. It glitches... Horribly.. I turn it to the lowest possible graphic settings... It still glitches. Horribly.. If my new alienware can't run this game properly how the heck do you expect other normal pc's too? I do appreciate the attention to detail given in this game. The palaces and estates are beautiful, and make everything realistic. However, for its beauty you must deal with lagging, horrible lagging. I honestly have to say this was a waste of my $60.00.............. I haven't been able to play this f**king game since Patch 1. Patch 5 is out and still can't play it.. Crashes on start up... F**k you Ubisoft.."
76561198135999411,Not Recommended,289650,18923350,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,palmiericory,"even after a year of being released, there are still too many bugs and takes way too long to optimize graphics to be enjoyable."
76561198020542069,Not Recommended,289650,19644271,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,[FFS]FartsMcGee,"Ubisoft needs you to incorporate their ""HEY BUY THIS GAME FROM US, TOO"" crap.  I get helpful stuff from Steam, I don't need another marketer trying to sell me their crap.And, yeah, Intel 5775c i7 with an EVGA 960 and the textures load like crap.  I think that the first two Assassin's Creeds did so well that they got full of themselves.This game breaks away from the first two so much, that if you liked the first two, replay those, ignore this one."
76561198079606055,Not Recommended,289650,20106406,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,?????,This game would be awesome if they could just get the bugs out.  Please continue to support its patches.
76561198181179543,Not Recommended,289650,18923147,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,TheAfterMath220,this game is good  but bad fps and glitchy buy if you will
,Not Recommended,289650,19694183,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Ｒｅｎｅｇａｄｅ,as fun as this was it was porly ported and optimized and it is depressingly borring even thogh in mannaged to bring a bit of innovation
76561198128990479,Not Recommended,289650,19722468,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Dark Acher,I would say its an ok game if it didn't crash every single time I got to the home screen
,Recommended,289650,20103851,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Gimme my pantalones,i love this game
76561198034311367,Recommended,289650,20340333,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Valtimar,"Love the game, its and open world skyrim with much better combat animations and alittle bit less to explore. Black flag and Unity are my favorite creed games. that is stories aside. you want a good story? read the books. seriously, they are good."
,Recommended,289650,20986994,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,18wanw2,Gr8 b8 m8
,Not Recommended,289650,20106239,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,That one seth,lag lag lag and bad game bracking bugs
76561198272942415,Recommended,289650,20354284,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,guillanb,it kept crashing on windows 10
76561198005510654,Not Recommended,289650,20959985,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,cytheh,"Looks pretty but plays badly.The lighting is fantastic, the ambience feels right. But the game is just too glitchy.Let's not mention the crash and freeze I encontered, just the flaws from design point.There is a memory sequence called the Dead Kings DLC, it happens to be near location of a very early memory sequence. Therefore, when I finished the nearby memory sequence, I got into this one. Turns out, it should be played at much later stage, because enemies will basically one~two shot you.It's simple, just leave the sequence, right? WRONG, there is no way to leave this sequence unless you finish couple missions!JUST Google ""how to leave dead kings"" and you will find that many many people fell into this ""trap"". What the hell were they thinking? are they forcing people to find invincible hacks? or make people stuck so the play time is longer?Countless glitches + design flaw = worst AC I've ever played."
,Recommended,289650,20781022,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,jkoBe,pretty good
76561198309346944,Recommended,289650,23489162,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BigRedPC411,I need help getting back to linking my uplay account with steam!!!????
76561198061796561,Not Recommended,289650,14073376,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Kurogitsune666,if you're looking to wait 36hours and bust your download limits for a constant ACU.exe has stopped working error pop-up... you might like this
,Recommended,289650,28820017,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Masochist[OS],"Nice side mission I really enjoy the side missionEspecially, the murder case"
76561198011988493,Not Recommended,289650,13492680,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The_Architect,"Although I am a Huge fan of the franchise, i must say that this game does not meet my expectations.The stroy is ok, the gameplay is ok, the characters are really great, the whole design seems good.Which brings me to my negative review. I am running a 2500+ $$ desktop PC (only tower without peripherals)and I am just above average, as far asgraphics and performance is concerned. My PC was running just fine, until i installed Unity. Ram is gone crazy, PC will notstart up, overloading happens. I mean all these years how is it possible not to optimize the game.... I am really dissapointed from the developers. But we should have all been warned that apparently this is what happens when a game company publishes a game every single year. Overall I might say that if one does not have the funds to purchase or upgrade to next gen his machinery it is definite that one will not enjoy the game. It is a real Pity."
,Not Recommended,289650,14532084,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Reaper8U,"One of the things I liked best about the Assassin's Creed games is the combat. I really liked being on a killing spree of awesomeness. It's one of the reasons I have most of the games, but now that it's ruined... I hate this game, really.The combat might be harder, yes. I am not against that, but the problem is that I can't survive fights properly anymore. If I end up in a fight with more than 1 guy, I either die, end up almost dead, or I have to flee. This game is not fun. The only thing fun I think is the stealth and parkour... Which is in every other AC game."
,Recommended,289650,22110303,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,moomoojubu,The current state of the game is pretty much playable (I've encountered bugs and glitches but not game-breaking) so I won't be talking about that. This is pretty much a good game (not excellent). It has mediocre writing and confusing storyline which I don't think most people will care about. I got this game with pretty sweet deal so get it on sale and you won't be disappointed. So............ AC Unity is a game for you if you.........- Hardcore AC fans- You can tolerate boring missions- You're okay with mediocre storyline- You love stunning visuals- You hate Black Flag's naval combat- You like France/Paris- You like Paris filled with English-accent speaking peopleI played every AC games (except Syndicate which I'm playing and Rogue). I'd say this is not the worst AC I've played but also not the best. This has a potential to be an amazing game bit it was let down by the writing and a lazy mission design.  7.5/10
76561198180670294,Recommended,289650,31027266,Posted: 8 April,all,AS02 eteretnoi,"best medieval open world game's in the inside the game you can play with 4 friends you will be taken to enjoy the game at all at first, but as you can experience unique experiences make the task 10 if you finish the main task in the game to be a robbery robberies can be collected, you can develop your own character map as large as you want there is so much that you can do in the event that task is completely up to you...."
,Recommended,289650,29110468,Posted: 8 January,all,DerpPlayer,The concept and gameplay are better from previous AC but the downside is this game really have bad optimize and fps are really bad compare to other AC.
,Recommended,289650,28430885,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Great Saiyaman 3,"Loving the game though but with the ""Partial Controller Support"" I found outmoving = nahcamera = yaeveryting else = nope D:"
76561198373322912,Recommended,289650,34572993,Posted: 29 August,all,Isabelle,"i like  it ,beautiful  city."
76561198164804483,Recommended,289650,16918714,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,The Helicopter Ride,"this is a game that i am going to play for much,much longer than 3.8 hours.but in the begining, i almost didn't even want to play it.in the begining the graphics were ok, i expected them to be better.i have a good pc, but not geforce gtx 780 graphics.the only thing really wrong with the graphics is that arno's hair would go batshit crazy,bouncing continously,changing size rapidly,and swiveling back back and forth.eventually it stopped.finally, the fighting system is,as you probably have heard, completely different to other assassins creed games,and is actually harder.once you buy a new weapon and a pistol, it will be much easier to fight.there are more good things about this game,but i can't tell you all offinally, if you decide to buy this game buy it on a 50% or 75% sale"
,Recommended,289650,34766712,Posted: 5 September,all,CCTV,Excellent game overall. Loads of things to do. Worth it.
76561198027502541,Not Recommended,289650,17278414,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Hugo Stiglitz,"Good job ruining the game!The combat system sucks donkey balls.The counter kill is gone and the combo kill too.And 10 people shooting at you while you'refighting one of them doesn't make it any less annoying.I wish I could take a human shield but that's history too.So if you'd like to know what Assassin's Creed looks likewithout the combat factor, try this.Because everybody fights dirty and you can't."
,Recommended,289650,14953935,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,fastica,"I'm in the middle of the single player campaign. I did some side missions. Still have to play the DLC and never played co-op.My list of Pros and Cons so far:Pros:- Upgraded parkour system.- Improved stealth system with ability to crouch.- Optional objetives (now called Challenges) are much more simple and less infuriating than in previous AC.- Finally optimized and polished. I'm playing at 60FPS (55 in large crouds) with a GTX780 (not ti) and an i7-3770 with 8GB of RAM (I'm using FXAA. With other AA modes it drops to 30 FPS).- The graphics, especially the attention to detail in the city and interiors. It's awesome. Character faces are very expresive.- Ability to play co-op mission alone.- Voice acting is great.- The city feels alive. It has a great atmosphere.- Less tail missions.- A lot of content and side missions.- Ubi finally listened to fans and all chests are now available.- I love the 3D map. It's much easier to find collectables this way.Cons- Althought much more polished, there are still some graphic glitches here and there.- Many NPC in awkward situations, like doing gestures in front of a wall.- Once you are upgraded, it can become too easy. Just drop a smoke bomb and kill everyone.- Not innovative at all.- No posts to liberate.- No whistling when in cover. I used that feature a lot in Black Flag. I miss it.- Microtransactions (although used just to save time, I don't like the introduction of IAP in a game that cost $60).Neutral- No modern times missions. I personally liked the Abstergo offices missions in Black Flag, though.- I don't like this trend of Ubisoft to merge single player and multiplayer. At least you can 100% the game playing solo (unlike Watch dogs).- Skills. In a way, it helps the feeling of progression but sometimes it can be a chore when you can't do basic AC stuff because you don't have the skill yet."
76561198301344619,Recommended,289650,35325465,Posted: 29 September,all,Jobix,Great Game
,Recommended,289650,27591606,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sain,Pretty nice game
,Recommended,289650,35329335,Posted: 30 September,all,Strider,Surprisingly I quiet enjoy this game yes I do have frame rate trouble #shitcomputer but it isn't that bad I mean I do run into glitches from time to time but I really don't see why people hate this game SO MUCH I mean YES the controls are very awkward especially after playing Rogue or Black Flag but apart from that this doesn't feel that bad BUT PLZ have a  good internet connection before you play this game because it is like seeing people teleporting if you have a♥♥♥♥♥♥internet.
76561198294679071,Not Recommended,289650,35343880,Posted: 30 September,all,Ore Eaw,where can i get the activation key?
,Recommended,289650,35339585,Posted: 30 September,all,NARSTAR,good co-op and good story
,Not Recommended,289650,35308029,Posted: 29 September,all,Mansquito,"Every time I want to run this game I need to ""Verify integrity of game files"" from the Steam options. Otherwise it just crashes on launch. It doesn't make any sense."
,Recommended,289650,35344012,Posted: 30 September,all,Chompman,Verly gud mhm yes skrrt
,Not Recommended,289650,35355585,Posted: 30 September,all,Kaossdemon,Crashed every 15 minutesGTX 870Intel i7 4710HQ @ 3.5
76561198298381223,Recommended,289650,35372450,Posted: 1 October,all,𝓐𝓴𝓲𝓻𝓪,Still disappointed that elise and arno didnt bang smh. >:oGood game tho.
76561198387747825,Not Recommended,289650,35401292,Posted: 1 October,all,dr_kaos,three years after the release is this game still full of bugs and glitches
,Recommended,289650,27815559,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gotenbih,"The story of this game is pretty bad, the port is also pretty bad, the city is AMAZING tho, the only reason I'm playing this game really. The parkour is also very good in my opinion, the strongest it ever was so far. CO-OP is pretty good aswell."
76561198354878323,Recommended,289650,33732814,Posted: 22 July,all,OGA,Good Game 7/10buy at game sale
76561198118140910,Not Recommended,289650,35308240,Posted: 29 September,all,Shad0w Eye,"It is quite easy to summarize the experience playing this game, UBUGSOF, just that word. The main problem is that, while playing, the player realize that is not the gaming experience expected from this kind of game, as the loved AC II or some more. This game does not measure up to other AC"
76561198131890238,Recommended,289650,23242081,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ScroogeMcDuck,It doesn't run the best but the story is is amazing I loved it from the the begining and thought the kills outstanding and the parts to customize arno and his weapons is one of the best features in all of the assassin's creed games.
76561198024922437,Recommended,289650,23258821,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Santa,"I really liked this AC game!So I ended up staying away from this game until now in May 2016 becuase of all the horror stories, but for me at least it looks like the current patched version I played seems to have solved all the bugs I have been reading about since the game came out.  I had none of the glitches or slowdowns others have written about previously.  Playing on Win 10 I don't even remember it crashing out once in my 66 hours playing.  So if you have stayed away because of technical fears like I did, I guess it's safe to play now based on my experience at least.I have to say as somebody who really loved the original AC1 game, this game felt the most like that original one to me.  After replaying through all the AC games in order, I can say that they really brought the game back to that special feeling I had in the first game.While I enjoyed the previous pirate games, I'm glad they pulled it back to it's roots of running around a large detailed city with a bunch of fun stuff to do.  I'm really happy all the hunting, sailing, finding a million dumb collectables is gone!The only thing they stripped out too much and was missing to me was the modern day stuff.  They stripped it all out and I do miss that part - maybe not how it was handled in the pirate games but how the modern day stuff was in the original couple games.  I did like the crazy Lucy story.The DLC was also a nice diversion once the main story was over - finding a piece of Eden really took me back to the original games.In Summary: Highly recommended"
76561197963641038,Not Recommended,289650,29232033,Posted: 13 January,all,Gestaltzerfall,"Buyers beware.I played all previous Assassin's Creed titles of the main series, and liked them a lot. Thus I trusted Ubisoft to do a decent job.This game however I cannot recommend. It runs extremely poorly. Even on lowest graphics settings, I more often than not get 5 to 10 fps.Also while climbing roofs the character gets stuck frequently - which is kinda a big deal in Assassin's Creed. Hence frequent reloading of the last checkpoint and losing your progress is inevitable.I would have refunded this game, but Steam is not granting a refund as I bought this game 19 days ago. If you decide to buy this game, don't let it sit on your shelf. Instead check immediately if this game runs well on your machine. Chances are it won't."
,Not Recommended,289650,25850346,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,AYoungSatedProdigy,"didnt play much i have a gtx 960 4gb and could barely run it on low at 40 fps. the game is without a doubt the prettiest videogame i have played but i dont recoomend the performance of the game is too difficult to muster with fast pace combat and sneakiness, it does hoever have a good amount of customization and weapons. get it for 10 and under at ur locol  1dollar store"
76561198090405377,Not Recommended,289650,12908091,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,I AM NELSON,This game will never be fixed.
76561198352121125,Recommended,289650,35411609,Posted: 2 October,all,Design,gooooooooooood!!!!!!!
76561198046984571,Recommended,289650,15005991,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Frozenreaper,"Well guys, I played through the entire game now and this is my expirience.I think the gameplay is actually quite good, i know this game has its down sides and i definitely recommend picking it up if its for sale on a cheaper price. the 60 euros is not worth it but the game aint that bad! i only encounterd 1 minor crash after an hour of gameplay but apart from that the occasional lagg spike here and there when entering crouded areas. There just is a lot inside this game and a lot to it. The story was decent enough, i personaly like it but i can understand if some dont. Its a little bit of a romance going on between Elise and Arno.Apart from that i'll list it up a little:Combat: its a bit different but good i'd say 7/10Story: Like said a bit of a romance (personaly) : 7/10The scenery (world itself): well this is i find most interesting. there are loads of npc's and i think it looks nice. Same go's for all the structures : 8.5/10How buggy the game is: Well like i said, only 1 crash and a few minor spikes every now and then the game runs solid for ME apart from that. However! this might not be the case for some others from what i've read. so just be cautios. but if you are a true AC fan, this game is a nice game no matter how much♥♥♥♥♥♥it has gotten. i recommand it if the price is lower!!"
,Recommended,289650,17148534,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ุ,"After the rough launch that this game underwent, it perservered and it remains playable. It has a riveting story, amazing map and dazzling mechanics. But it also had the face glitch so..."
76561198038461764,Recommended,289650,12917708,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,LordLimpD,"With recent upgrades my frame rate nearly double, and I have not had any real issues anymore. I get the occasional pop in npc, but nothing to bad.  now that the game has been ""out"" for awhile it seems worth playing now."
,Recommended,289650,23217696,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,zjoshua,"Great gameplay and plenty of things to do within the game world. Fairly decent graphics and audio. Story is lackluster and dissapointing. If picked up at a discount, this game is worth it for fans of the Assassin's Creed franchise.(As a side note I experienced a few bugs and performance issues but nothing major that stopped me from enjoying the game)."
76561198088811782,Recommended,289650,35491506,Posted: 5 October,all,edr3458,so ive been playin and all i can say is thank god i only spent 10 dollars for this game this game is very buggy they have run all over paris looking for these clues for this armor room you have to unlock and the clues they give you you mind aswell look in your front yard for a marker and you know what the armor dont do anything cept cosmetic that sucked at leeast blacl flag gave you killer armor ac3 gave you a ring what ever you guys want to do if you wanna plyin spend the money but it is the same uplay game random fps drops very buggy you could have to do a memory a dozen times with the way the game runs my opinon unity is not fun but do what you wantta do
,Not Recommended,289650,35484356,Posted: 4 October,all,adeilt,"I played a few hours of Assassin's Creed: Unity, but the fantastic gameplay of the Ezio games is long gone.I guess that the graphics were probably better, and what I did see of the story looked intriguing, but the game just isn't fun to play.  I'm moving on.Oh, and uPlay is a gigantic pain in the butt.  It feels very intrusive.  Even though I told it not to remain running after my game started, it was still there in the system tray every time I looked."
,Not Recommended,289650,35507090,Posted: 5 October,all,Plebs,"The game is pretty long and has a lot of content, which would be nice if it were actually fun to play but it isn't. Combat is excruciatingly bad and regressive here, the controls for climbing and parkour are clunky and very imprecise. Stealth gameplay is about as superficial and nonexistent as any previous AC game but probably worse.I won't even be finishing the game, after 20 hours its just became way too tedious to only be 1/3 of the way through the story, the entire game just becomes a chore.-Okay story/setting/missions, but for some reason they backtracked every forward step in gameplay and mechanics that had been made over all the previous games and left this a frustrating steaming pile, AC 1 has more fun combat and pseudo-stealth than this does which is insane.All I want is an AC game with fun combat like AC3, maps and exploration like AC4, story and assassinations like AC 1 and AC 2. It really isnt much to ask for seeing as how you already have the pieces of the puzzle but seem entirely too incompetent to put them together. Another shameful display from what is already a tremendously shameful company in the industry."
76561198080999160,Not Recommended,289650,29015284,Posted: 4 January,all,Icy*,Can't even start the game.gg ubisoft.
,Recommended,289650,29007254,Posted: 4 January,all,BΔΞ. MuSH 1 Mova Gugava,best game ever
,Not Recommended,289650,35175450,Posted: 24 September,all,kingston,"As a fan of all AC games up to Rogue, I will only say this: shame on you, Ubisoft. This game is glitched to the point of unplayable. They did a good story and left it half-done. I've seen free-to-play beta versions better than this. I'm pretty sure I won't be playing the next ones, it's a waste of time and money."
,Recommended,289650,14212125,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Thesroth,I'm really enjoying playing this game. I recently got and then did not see the problems that occurred at launch.Has an engaging story and the Paris of the 18th century is beautiful and alive.
76561198146667792,Not Recommended,289650,12891497,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,The 8th Hitman,1.spent $60 and pre ordered it2.needed to sign into uplay3.need a activation code or you can't play4.need Directx 11 to playI am stuck on number 4. I shouldn't have this much hassel to play a freaking game that I now own. I shouldn't need to do steps 2-4. it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i spent 14 hours trying to play but no i get stopped because i don't have directx it shold be an option. i don't need for it to look 3d and life like. fix it or give me my money back. I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i wasted this long to play it.
,Recommended,289650,14195555,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,❤ Skylight ❤,"Well, at first view i was agree with the othres saying that the game WAS unplayeable but now they have launch a lot of updates and the game now is Fully Playable, maybe not at 100% performance unless you have a Nasa Computer (Joking) but nowadays the games is fully playable without the lost of FPS.ATTENTION: If you want to use INITIATES in game please check before if its running cause if its on maintenance the game will freeze.Las for all,being a HUGE fan of the AC series i give the game a 10/10 because Ubisoft fix the game as they said and gift us one free game as reward-"
76561198108529651,Recommended,289650,14221479,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Lonear_Lone94,"If you thinking of buying this game.. HOLD ON!!First you need to check if your computer meet the ""minimum requirement"". If you want a decent gameplay but if you like me which a fan of the AC franchise or simply doesn't care either if you computer can handle ACU or can't, WELL GO for it and embrace the lags.Here my spec:Processor= AMD FX(tm) 4100 Quad CoreGraphic Card= AMD Radeon R7 250 (2gb)RAM= 8gbAs you can see, only my RAM that meet the minimum requirement. Haha, don't laugh a fly might find their way inside your mouth~ Doesn't have a clue if your comp can handle the game then go to this linkhttp://www.game-debate.com/games/index.php?g_id=17084&game=Assassins%20Creed:%20UnityScroll down and find the ""CAN I RUN Assassins Creed: Unity"" and fill the necessary info.My score is:CPU= 7 starGPU= 6 starRAM= 9 starIf your score is higher than mine then yea, you might enjoy the game more than I am you lucky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Hmm, what will you aspect if you play this game?Combat System:It similar to ""Shadow of Mordor"" or ""Batman Arkham"" combat system. Where you need to parry or dodge when your enemy is about to slash you to ribbon. There no more counter-kill and also there no more ""Hey let attack him one by one"" as sometimes 1 guard keeping you busy then the other guy preparing to shoot you or before you able to attack your parried opponent then his buddy immediate trying to stab you. Its a fast pace slashing and shooting game.Stealth:I can't really say but the stealth system is improve just that I'm always lag I can't feel the improvement. Well you try to play a game where you need to pass this guard undetected in the correct timing or do a stealth kill at crucial moment but hey what am I saying you can always hidden blade kill all the way. Lemme just say that, now you can crouch whenever you want and wherever you please, hide behind a wall/table/chair/stuff.Arsennal/weapons:There a lot of varieties of weapon you can choose, ranging from one-handed, axe, spear, guns, rifle, guilloten gun (Axe+gun= mortar axe kind of weapon..?). The poorer the weapons make you, the better the weapon stats.Customization:You can customize Arno to wear any type of hoods, torso, belts, glove and even his pants. Which can lead to different playstyle. Wanna be ninja? Go ahead and buy yourself some stealthy stuff. Wanna be a duelist or hate sneaking and prever direct contact? Buy stuff that give stats to melee and health to lengthing the time of your death. Hate your personal space been invaded? Invest in gears that give stat to range damage.Story:I only finish sequence 1 so can't say much, I accidentally play a dlc when I'm trying to fast travel to the assassins hideout ok but the story is interesting so far.If you can tolerate the lags then go for it but let me warn you, you will feel frustated and annoyed at some points. But if you hate lags, then either wait for a sale or until the dev fix the performance issue or don't buy at all. I recommend this game if you don't mind the lag if you below the minimum requirement and highly recommend  if you pass the minimum requirement. To play at tolerable state you fps must be around 25-30fps. About the Uplay, the only problem I'm having is the Uplay fail to syncronize with achivement and the cloud save which not that bad at all. I do not lost any progress, no ctd but a little freeze there and here, thats all."
76561198041066396,Recommended,289650,13607125,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Arjean,"Good game, Co-Op with friends is awesome.TBH I bought this game in 2014 and barely had any bugs, still dosen't have almost any bugs, especialy no-game-breaking ones.Don't listen to the salt.Just enjoy this very nice above-average game."
,Not Recommended,289650,13072060,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,The_Derpmaster,"Game runs horribly on even very high end computers. Even if you meet the minimum system requirements, its going to run horribly unless you exceed the recommended. Do not buy this game unless you have NASA's computer!"
,Not Recommended,289650,12911951,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Saint,"Glitchy, Buggy, Poor Combat, Borring shallow story, Regret my purchace...."
,Not Recommended,289650,12891933,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,zvmz,"Will Update Upon Completetion and When Patches/Hot Fixes Come OutSetting 9.5/10Gameplay 7/10Audio 7/10Voice Acting 9/10Story 9/10Graphics 5/10Performance 4/10Overall Experience 6/10Total 7/10Let me start by saying my specs blow the crap out of the recommended specs. I love Assassin's Creed, I will finish this game because I love the series, but I wouldn't buy this game again. If you want to play this game, buy an Xbox One or PS4 and play it there.I didn't pay $2000 to build a gaming computer and get 25 fps of half-rendered crowds. This is the most lazyily developed game I have ever seen. Ubisoft sucks.It's important to note that the only issues are NOT graphical. I experienced my first game-breaking glitch before even playing as Arno."
,Not Recommended,289650,12892347,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,startdig,"lots of bugs, unfriendly specs, unstable fps, and soooooo many other problems..........not even close to what's in the trailer. completely 2 games. not recommend"
76561198083844128,Not Recommended,289650,14281708,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,fb| Cpt. MacMillan,its crap
,Recommended,289650,14168851,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,xanatos318,"Please read to the end before commenting or anything, thank you.ok, so i have only 9 or so hours on record, but thats cause i started playing offline to try and get better frames, which didn't work anyway, but atleast i wasnt getting steam or Uplay updates that would drop frames oreven crash the game. I was hopeful one i got my rig running this at 30 FPS smoothly (Sometimes) that the story would make up for the bugs and other crap. Nope. Holy sh!t Ubisoft. Now i've been a big fan playing all the AC games before, mainly on console for convenence cause the last rig i had wouldn't run them. Now i run the game on low graphics and it stil tops out at 30, not the problem i had. The problem i had was the story. Holy Sh!t. Ok, for the first little while i liked it, it felt ok, no fresh, but ok. It felt like playing AC3 again, and i liked AC3. But after 1/3 of the game or so i could already figure out how it would end, and then they put the twists, 2 major twists in my oppinion. Others may say more, but i say 2. now they happen with a good bit of story in between, but the assassin missions that came in that period felt dull and not really thought out for single player. Places were it was impossable to get in silent without someone else, now keep in mind i was playing OFFLINE past maybe 1/4 the story. and the ending was so frustating for me cause i felt like i was watching a cheesy movie. Now why i like the reward for beating the game, the last fight was frustrating, and thats the runs without the bugs putting me through the wall or stopping me from attacking. And the gear menu and micro transactions, they♥♥♥♥♥♥me off coniterable. You have to have the companion app to unlock half the chests in the game, maybe more, and there is stuff locked until you play initiats, which doesn't work. and the master and legendary gear cost so much its almost nessisary to get the app or pay for ingame credits. In the last few AC games i could play thrugh with BASE gear, but if you don't upgrade gear you die in 2 hits, parrys do next to nothing, and it takes forever to kill some of the easier enemies.Now, some of the good thngs (Which don't save the game.)  the new parkour controls i really like. I like being able to choose between climbing up or down or taking the context sensative paths, you know, when the lag doesn't put you through a wall or stick you in the air., and when it runs smooth (Even at 30 FPS) it looks really cool. And the assassinations look cool too, though seam a little limited with there only being one hidden blade. I'm putting a Yes recommendation on this only for those who are hardcore fans and have really, really, really good rigs, and even then i'd say get it on console if you have it, so you can return it if you don't like it, and even then i have a hard time saying it knowing my friend, who is a hardcore fan and advid console player, who runs into similer if not the same problems, and thats on the PS4, which some people say runs it better on. But really holy sh!t Ubisoft, get it together, optimise the hell out of this game and get it out there so it works. and don't have the same mistakes happen in the next AC title, cause we know you're going to put another out in the next few years."
,Not Recommended,289650,12940644,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Too_Lazy_Cat,terrible
,Not Recommended,289650,13140031,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Snoken,"This game with short words have MASSIVE BUGS, MASSSSSWIW9UDW9DWQ9UQW9WD9 FPS DROPS AND THE WHOLE GAME IS LIKE A ♥♥♥♥ING BETA TEST AND THE GAME CRASHES ALMOST EVERY SINGEL ♥♥♥♥ING SEC. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ITS GOING TO LAG SO MUCH FOR YOU AND IT SUCKSSSS!"
76561198032091045,Not Recommended,289650,16490317,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,lapunir,"I started PC gaming in 1981, and this is one of the worst games I have ever played in my life.Loved the graphics, loved Paris, HATED EVERYTHING ELSE ABOUT IT.In fact, this was such an abyssmally unpleasant experience, I could easily write 10,000 words insulting it.Suffice to say, every reason why one might play an AC title, this particular title fails at miserably.Bad parkour. Worse combat. Even worse mission design.Commoditization of character advancement.Flawed game design at the conceptual core.And the game is infested with bugs.Shove a carving fork up your nose; you'll find that more enjoyable than playing this title.Most players will agree that AC3 sucked, but this game makes that one seem like rapture by comparison.I've never quit an AC title before; in fact, I usually play them to full completion.I couldn't even make it 3/4 of the way through this.Bloody shame; I really dug the French Revolution.Ubisoft should be ashamed for AC3.They should be sterilized for this game."
76561197993981981,Recommended,289650,15924573,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Folk,"It's a solid great Assassins Creed game, the controls even feel improved somewhat from previous versions. I'm assuming most of the hate from before was due to old bugs but I have yet to run into any."
76561198142428871,Not Recommended,289650,16156566,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,WiNGZ,"I dont recommend this game because it wasted so much potential. Instead of treating the game with care during development, Ubisoft rushed the game with glitches, bugs, and questionable design choices. I don't hate the game, but I consider it a dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,289650,12893280,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Kenan Thompson,Everyone isn't lying about the poor performance of this game. The game has arbitrarily crashed on me multiple times.
76561198140362628,Recommended,289650,14093435,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,RandomGuy,still like no matter what!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,289650,16160258,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Yanik  KICKBACK.COM,"Great game, poor optimisation."
,Not Recommended,289650,13979234,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Pavelow,You don't bang the hot female protagonist. 0/10. Wasted potential.
76561198072297885,Not Recommended,289650,16145229,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ajax,consistent crashing still. long time fan now feeling used and abused.
76561198070718206,Recommended,289650,24775729,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,JEW,flying people are fun
76561198055309796,Recommended,289650,14432606,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,WinterSplinterM.II,"First of all I want to say that this game is awesome! Maybe my favourite Assassins Creed game there is.I had some problems when I first started but I fixed by installing the Nvidia updates that I ignored for a while(atleast I think that is what fixed it)The combat in the game is harder at first but once you get used to it, and once you get more weapons it gets easier. That brings me to customisation...IT is really great. You have a lot of variation in weapons and armor allthough once you get the best equipment that  you can, the first ones that might have looked cooler become obsolete.Multiplayer works fine so far. I haven't had any major problems with it allthough once I couldn't finish a multiplayer mission because the woman I was supposed to follow wasn't moving at all but once I tried it again, it worked fine.Let's talk a bit about the main character Arno Dorian.He is really likable in my opinion. Maybe not as likable as Ezio but he is easily in the top 2 or 3 Assassins in my list.He has the ability to climb down fast which is really great and smooth allthough sometimes going the way you want may be a bit tricky. I haven't noticed any big performance problems. Runs pretty smoothly so far. Sometimes it might be a bit slow and I had a small crashing problem at one point but that was fixed all of a sudden.Conclusion. It is a great game but if you are not sure if your computer can run it, you should probably wait for the game to be on sale or otherwise cheaper. I am lucky that it has worked with no major problems."
,Recommended,289650,14501546,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,exierSin,Dont buy unless you're computer is at least twice better than the recommended specs.
,Not Recommended,289650,12886974,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nightstrafe,"Technical:Updating my graphics driver definitely helped, but I still have to play on medium graphics with a core i7 nvidia 860 graphics card and 16gigs of ram... which is sad... definitely not a very well optomized game. Other than that there is the occasional bug - I've fallen out of the world once, been trapped between objects (unable to move), and experienced a series of crashes upon loading the game so far.Gameplay:Combat is really hard, much harder than in black flag and honestly a bit more exciting despite being much harder. Stealth combat seems to be the best way to kill early on in this game, as a group of guards will kill you if engaged upon.The map is pretty incredible, their are lots of people on the streets and the city feels really alive. Rooftops are much easier to navigate than in Black Flag (at least so far) due to the lack of guards on them, often the easiest way to lose a group of guards is to go on the roof (so I've found). The lack of haybales is slightly disheartening, but it fits with France in this time period.I'm not sure how much I like the co-op missions, unless you are playing with friends I haven't found a good way to communicate with your partners and that makes it really confusing. That being said it seems to work pretty flawlessly from what I've played.Now the story is interesting but so far hasn't been incredibly exciting. From what I've found so far the storyline is a lot harder then previous Assassins Creed games due to the difficulty of the combat AI, but that could very well be because I'm terrible at fighting with the new combat system.All in all I will keep this review negative until most of the bugs are patched and the game runs smoother on higher end PCs, but it does look like it will be a decent game once technical problems are sorted out."
76561198021757575,Not Recommended,289650,14037800,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Incipit Satan,Will Change Review When They Update It....But For Now This Game is a Flop
76561198042361144,Recommended,289650,14654054,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,NaCl,"Waited tell Feb 22nd 2015 to play this game, Knowing they would patch most of the bugs, still.... So many dam bugs....Great game when working how its intended... but simple things that they took away, like I can't pick up my enemies weapons anymore, Combat feels, Easier, just rack up combos on the basic Guards and if you have 5 + hits you auto kill the bigger guards.... seems like a week system"
76561198091793666,Recommended,289650,14690845,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,snaps  ツ,I must admit that many were right that the game is been released incomplete. After many patches the game runs really good. It is worth now a purchase because this is one of the best Assassins Creed game. This new AC Unity is a must have for Assassins Creed Fans.
,Recommended,289650,15658701,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,StrongCrayon,"I accidentally got a ""Patron of the Arts"" Achievement because the game thought I purposely stopped moving my character in order to listen to a violinist that happened to be nearby.10/10.  Would take my hand off the keyboard to scratch my a$$ again."
76561198241704040,Not Recommended,289650,28490035,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Pimskin,"Do not buy this game. It runs awfully and is in general unplayable, as i said, DO NOT BUY. Steam wont even give me a refund ._."
,Not Recommended,289650,12957358,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dantevus,"GTX 980, i7-4930K, 32GB RAMI certainly haven't been experiencing the same number of performance issues as the rest of the community seems to but I am experiencing a rather uncomfortable number of showstopping performance issues. On my rig this should be maxed out at 144fps in almost every situation.Although, the moment the performance issues are fixed I'd say this is a good addition to the series. They kind of abandoned the original story for the most part which is great because they were really running it dry. There's enough new stuff to be worth it but if you were getting bored of the play style you won't want this. If you have fun with the play style still, go for it you won't be disappointed. Just wait until they make sure it's running smoothly, which all indications say they are working hard to do.UPDATE:So I realized today I've lost two days of progress. Didn't notice until now because I only did co-op missions to get sync points and unlock gear. Realized a couple items I bought were gone and that the co-op missions showed no progress. Saw that the last saved date was two days ago despite the game saving quite frequently. Tried a workaround to disable cloud sync then played until the point of the game saving a few times just now. Quit out. Started it up. Last game save two days ago still.No response from Ubisoft as of yet. The other problems were annoyances, but this is a showstopper. Unfortunate. Hopefully I get a response soon but from reading other forums it seems unlikely. I guess I'll have to just keep testing every day until it eventually starts working again then I can play the $60 game I paid for. New method of purchasing, mentally I will consider the launch date one month after the actual launch date and buy games then. In most cases(Firaxis excluded) that will probably be a good strategy."
76561198106034299,Recommended,289650,14846625,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,boostinvw604,"Hopefully you can disregard all these pessimist Nancy's and try this game. On my PC I get 60fps in cut scenes and 30+fps in gameplay on high settings, also I do not meet the minimum requirments by far. So these issues must have been patched."
,Recommended,289650,14209637,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ikki,If u r assassin's creed fans... Then u gonna play this game
,Recommended,289650,25911340,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ozi,Assasin´s Creed was my childhood game and I love this game not onlybecause of the opportunity to kill people all the time. I love this game because ofthe story and the opportunity to play like a spy or ninja. I love stealth games so much.Best Gaming Category ever.
76561198022028403,Not Recommended,289650,22792690,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Red One,"Bought the game in March 2016.Uplay is pretty discreet now, so no issues there.However coop wouldn't work, which was the main reason i bought this. We simply could not connect with my buddies even after forwarding ports etc...Had the same issue with Anno 2205 which I bought sometime in December 2015.Very disappointed Ubisoft, issues with your games are way too recurring.I don't think I will buy another Ubisoft game in the near future as a result, since even months after their initial release they still cannot be played properly. There are too many good games out there to be losing time trying to get a supposedly ""AAA"" game working as advertised.I buy games to play them not to try and make them playable."
76561198079354996,Not Recommended,289650,28266817,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Daye.Z,"This is a great game, i have paly it since Brotherhood. but the Unity, i dont know why its so slow, i mean not the graphic issue, its about there was a little delay between i press a key and the character response. Even sometimes its not reponding, This drives me crazy, i have dead so many times because of that ""little delay""!"
76561197986789545,Not Recommended,289650,12956987,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,NotSafeForWork,"This is the first game since the MS-DOS era Myst and Journeyman Project that I just can't keep myself from wandering away because I'm bored. The game crashes don't really bother me, those just go along with the 1-bit combat system quite well (oh? more than one guy? desynchronized...)I had a GTX 680, and I bought a 980 to see if it made a difference. It didn't really notice any differenceBetween this crap and Far Cry 3 I'm def done with this Ubisoft shtUpdate 2 years later: Bored, I click launch, and it says ""Uplay has detected an unrecoverable error and must shutdown"". Not really surprising. This was more of a waste of money than lottery tickets...at least with lottery tickets you're playing something."
,Not Recommended,289650,28607697,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,farg,Unity ist eine kleine Entäuschung für mich weil ich dachte man bekäme mehr von der franz. Revolution mit. Man kann es sich kaufen aber es gibt bessere Assassins Creed Spiele.
76561198079277358,Not Recommended,289650,15596173,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Please don't sue,"assassin""s creed unity has too many lags and crashes.If they don't fix it,i will demand a refund"
76561198012387905,Not Recommended,289650,13456772,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Late Night Snack,10/10 Will crash.
76561198080072279,Not Recommended,289650,16543778,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Eastwind,Hours played: 4.1Hours actually playing the game: 0Hours spent downloading: to goddamn longPre ordered itt and spent the full $60 and spent a day downloading the game and it crashes everytime I try to run it. My specs are up to code too so FU Ubisoft
76561198059891562,Recommended,289650,14250395,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,XCHDragox115,"Not bad of a game considering the outburst of complaints. ACU does bring forth a new set of mechanics to the Assassin's Creed world. Personally, I enjoyed it. If you are looking for a game that have good visuals, this is the game for you. Improvement wise, gotta work on the controls abit, I find it easier to die but meh, I switched from PS3 to PC so can't complaint there."
,Recommended,289650,15686402,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Gary of Nivea,"I had a really fun time with this game. The story progress is nice and exciting IF you havn't played any of the prevous games, but the ending is kinda cliché. As for the gameplay they added some nice new features into the game, and i don't know if Ubisoft was too lazy to put in a present day story arc, or if they actually thought it was a great idea to let us, the players, be the protagonist, but i don't like it!If you kinda rushed through the story and ignored maybe just half the side missions, it becomes too stressing to look at the big map with all the undone objectives popping up :STechnical difficulities: Updated my drivers. Problem solved. It did have a terrible launch, but i think they did a nice job fixing the major issues. I think we can call the game finished enough so we can move on to the next AC game now, and if it was released today it wouldn't have as bad steam reviews.7/10: Would recommend it for console playersMy system:64x Windows 8Intel core i7-3630QM, 2.4gHz CPUGeforce GT650M (yes i have a laptop :O ) SLI (yes i have SLI in the laptop :O )8gb ramThis is officially just below the minimum, but I am never getting below 30 fps on Medium settings..."
76561198044918549,Recommended,289650,14442988,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,JackBauerCTU,"Played this game with 2 GTX 670 FTW 2GB in SLI and it was utterly unplayable. Fps was fine but the stuttering....oh the stuttering was unbearable. Upgraded to a single MSI GTX 980 and this game now runs compleley maxed out at 60-80fps. Its butter. Super smooth experience with no hiccups what so ever. Long story short, the game is rather fun, the story is good, Arno is extremely likeable imo, and its one of the best looking games I've ever played(besides Ryse). **IF** you have the hardware, go for it. If you don't, wait until you do. If you have SLI and have no plans on changing that, RUN FROM THIS GAME AND NEVER STOP.EDIT: Adding full system specs for reference.Gigabyte Z77X-D3Hi7-3770K @4.3Ghz16 GB Corsair Vengeance 1866MhzMSI Gaming GTX980 4GBSamsung EVO 250GB SSDWD 1TB HDDAsus VG248QE 144Hz MonitorRunning on Windows 7"
,Recommended,289650,32578965,Posted: 19 June,all,Rose,"I'm almost done with everything in this game. I've done just about every quest, collected every collectable, etc cept 4 coop missions and i'm just waiting for my friends to be online until I do that but i'm sure a few days after this review goes up it'll all be completed.Now with that said this game is fun it does have its problems but it has a lot of good and I wouldn't have put this much time in it if didn't.I bought the game on launch when it was a broken buggy mess. I probably would have given it a negative review back then but I decided to wait until it got as many patches as possible and then play it again and yes they did fix pretty much everything stability wise and most major glitches aswell as some convenience problems.I'll give the quick rundownPros:Combat is harder than every Assassins Creed Game but once you master its still relatively easyGear matters moreThe Game has COOPIt has quite a lot to doCons:The COOP is only for a select few coop missions instead of the whole game. This is a problem all games in the main Ubisoft Universe have up until Far Cry 5 I believe which is their first game in this universe that has full coop for EVERY mission.The games main ends with a very /r/atheist propoganda tier fedora quoteThe game has a few of unrealistic pro feminist missionsFinal Thoughts:If you don't like AC games you probably wont like this one. If you're one of those people who only likes AC4 because its a pirate game you definitely wont like this one because its a traditional AC Game."
76561198135743865,Not Recommended,289650,16506324,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Games,"this is more ubisoft twattary. i know its been a fair while since the games release, but i just realised i havent yet taken the time to protect the innocent consumer from the self loathing and hatred towards all man kind that comes as standard with this title, at least something other than the games core mechanics is free to all who pay you £30, UBISOFT, YOU ♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,289650,34703116,Posted: 2 September,all,kieran,8.5/10
76561198067220575,Recommended,289650,14366034,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,CARNICO,"It's really fun game, it's got amazing graphics, there is some bugs but im sure they will fix that"
76561198121350395,Not Recommended,289650,19996916,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Placoderm,"can't get it past the first splash screen. Wait. Wait. Nothing. tried fixes online. Compatibility, administrator, offline mode. Nothing. Why all the +*/?,- hurdles to jump. Bad product."
76561198274287790,Recommended,289650,30189372,Posted: 26 February,all,Chara Dreemurr,best customization and multiplayer stuff
,Not Recommended,289650,20147274,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,߷ Fidget^Spinner ߷,this sucks-uninstalled-burned in hell
76561198016004542,Not Recommended,289650,14570738,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Black (.metaL),Awful and boring
,Not Recommended,289650,14796302,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,✪ D3F£NC£ ✪ -IPWL-,♥♥♥♥♥game i just lost all my save data that had all legendary armour ♥♥♥♥ ea whoring ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s abd all dlc completed
76561198095712059,Not Recommended,289650,25483569,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,au,they royally ♥♥♥♥ed up assasins creed with this game buy rogue if you want an actually good game instead of this sad excuse for an ac game
,Recommended,289650,16320674,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Echo.,"Yes, Ubisoft made a mistake and released a very poorly functional game riddled with bugs and performance issues moreso than the average game.But these days - that's almost expected.So when everyone else acted like it was a 'huge deal' and started raging about it, I just sat back and waited for the patches to roll in.About a week ago (from posting this comment) I played through for the first time so I can give an honest review about the game itself and not how ""terrible"" it is because there's bugs.Looking back on the game, I only have one complaint:  GUNS.  Yea - I know, in this time peroid guns existed and in a real-world scenario it would be much worse.  But this is a game.I've never been frustrated more out of any Assassin's Creed game than this one when it comes to guns.In Assassin's Creed 3, Black Flag and Rogue -  you could easily counter bullets by using human-body shields which caused every bullet to be shot and blocked whereas in Unity you're forced to dodge them manually.The dodge mechanic in Unity expects you to know exactly when the shooter is going to shoot - and if there's more than one shooter you're practically screwed since their shots will be on different timers and you can only dodge one.That along with keeping up with melee combat is just too much.What makes it worse?  The shots practically one-hit you, forcing you to chug medicine down everytime you get in combat - that and it seems like the NPCs automatically resort to shooting at you if you're more than 5 feet away from them.I wanted to use stealth gear, but was forced to armor up like some sort of medieval knight just so I could live through the bullet storms.All-n'-all, guns aside, the game itself was pretty decent.It felt a lot like Assassin's Creed 2 minus a few features.The focus on multiplayer would probably be the reasoning for that, if they hadn't focused so much on multiplayer then the game would have probably been a lot better as a whole."
76561198258993966,Not Recommended,289650,32726692,Posted: 24 June,all,Andrjusha,"I played AC since it was released and I've played every game ever since. This one is the biggest disappointment. The most confusing thing is the British accent in a French setting. Why would people shout ""your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" instead of &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;? The first game managed to capture the accents of the French templars. Also, the story was extremly boring. Most of the previous games had awesome stories. When playing the old games, I try to finish an entire game. This time I just wanted to get over it. It is defitnily not worth the money. It is more like £5 poud game. The price they charge for Unity is not justified at all."
,Recommended,289650,25061195,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[CC]Deroga,would like to be able to turn off shadows. still good at 13 fps tho.
76561198039352096,Not Recommended,289650,13009056,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,DerkP,Terrible. Just God awful. Can't even play past the first 2 minutes without getting FPS lag or some weird glitch. uPlay.
76561198079636909,Not Recommended,289650,21910697,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ShortStack,"I don't know what it is, but my computer won't even play it faster than 2 fps."
76561198143766324,Not Recommended,289650,16293490,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Underground Reborn [ Zutopia ],"i just bought this game and did the quest to 33% but now when i was doing  quest the game start to show me this: ACU.exe application is error , than kick me to desktop. how can i fix this ? i try offline mode but it isn't work too ( sorry for bad grammar )"
,Recommended,289650,14180147,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Chomps123,"Great game and lots of fun.  Nice to finnally have an AC game that i can play with friends but like all games it has its flaws.  For example, I have a top of the line gaming laptop that can run Crysis 3 with max settings at 30fps but when i play this at max it bairly runs at 10fps.  That's about the only thing I dislike about the game."
,Recommended,289650,32708820,Posted: 23 June,all,EFX,Nice game.
76561198107084790,Not Recommended,289650,21055679,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,positive mental attitude,I just installed this game and what i get is : there is problem of connection with uplay server! wtf seriously popular game will  be like this?
76561198092338816,Not Recommended,289650,17142358,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,hendrie4 O_O,in 1 word lag it looks pretty looks fun probebly is fun but the lag the just kinda trow it out there whit game makenickt bu dint think not every 1 has 500 graphic cards :\  i even ren a thing thet helps the lag dint work i wud say domnt buy it wait till syndicat see how thet is be smart not dumb
76561198102324944,Recommended,289650,15055986,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Oliver,"The game itself is very good. The atmosphere is good, the setting is amazing, and the gameplay is amazing. If you want to get the game you should. Unfortunately my experience of the game was tainted by some very poor decisions by somebody in publishing or in the design team. The social elements are shoved in your face right out of the gate and there were some really bad performance issues at launch. I was one of the suckers who preordered the gold edition which promised the season pass which was very dissappointing especially with their pultry appology (they honestly should have refunded our money for the season pass).Since release they patched out the technical issues and unlocked items locked by club competition so the game has improved greatly since its launch last year. Looking at this game just on its gameplay mechanics the game is definately worth the purchase. Despite all of the♥♥♥♥♥♥thrown in at the last second the core gameplay is very good. This is probably the biggest change to the free running mechanics in the franchise, and the setting is perfect though the story could have been far more interesting than it was. 7/10 would have been a 9/10 if the social elements weren't shoved down my throat. Personally I would wait for a sale."
76561198028506343,Recommended,289650,14670953,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Delvaco,"I really like this game. This is the first assassing creed title I have played but the game play is great. There are many missions to do and little things to keep you busy that I am still not finding a boring aspect of the game. I do run into a glitch every now and then but what game doesn't have those issues. If your rig can play it, then get it. I did have to upgrade my video card to a gtx 970 to play it but it was time for a new one. My AMD Phenon II x6 processor along with the new video card allows me to play on ultra.  Remember, video game companies always release a game before it is perfect. Us players are the best testers for the product."
,Not Recommended,289650,15493511,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Callahan,I recommend to not buy Ubisoft games on PC. I would give Ubisoft a chance if they fix their games and remove UPLAY!So here is the thing. I buy a Ubisoft game from Steam i want it to launch on Steam like most of the new games on SteamI see that there is not so many that play games from ubisoft on pc anymore becuse you can't trust them buy a console if you want to play Ubisoft games with not crashes or frame drops or uplay launcher !
,Recommended,289650,14114726,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Mottai,"Very Fun. Plays fine, have not had any issues so far."
76561198129469008,Not Recommended,289650,17995924,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SpaZ,How do you refund this game???
76561198071154742,Not Recommended,289650,13177201,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,taylorb27,Do not buy this garbage...still runs like crap even after update...unplayable.....boycott Ubisoft....this is the last straw
76561198151482835,Recommended,289650,25680181,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,FAbian,good for me
76561198168446361,Not Recommended,289650,14893026,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Error 404,game didnt work and many glitches
,Not Recommended,289650,31265422,Posted: 20 April,all,ARMOR_152,"Overall meh. Very poorly optimized. Nothing new or unique. Way too many senseless things on the map, it's so cluttered you can't see anything. Too many treasures and side missions that you'll never do since there's too many and they're all the same. No modern day story or gameplay. I'm a big AC fan and have played almost all of them. Get it on major sale if you're looking to play them all."
,Not Recommended,289650,13484879,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,-Ownz,Worst game of 2014.
76561198098075006,Not Recommended,289650,13034251,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Nocho de cheese,ACU.exe has stopped working ant play the game at all. DO NOT BUY! wait for every tghing to be fixed
76561198006799753,Not Recommended,289650,13421205,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ZeHenG,"I am a AC fan since the 1st AC on PS3; and I bought every AC game on PS3 and PC. I pre-ordered the gold version long ago. Till now, I have only played this game for less than 10 hours; this game wastes your time, your money, your passion, your expectation. The graphic became worse after patches, the bug are still there.I am also a core fan for many other Ubi game franchise like Silent hunter, Ghost Recon, Splinter Cell, Far Cry. However, I nearly lost my faith on Ubi despite the excellence of Far Cry 4. I think I will not pre-order any Ubi games anymore. I expect Ubi can learn from this mistake and really care about the core consumers."
76561198034766941,Not Recommended,289650,26730613,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Kilgrave,"The game itself is okay, the story is pretty good and you get to see a lot of interesting places. But I absolutely hate the controls. I got killed all the time because the character wasn't fast enough with a parry or dodge, and the little tip boxes constantly obscure vital information while solving a case etc. All in all, the game was more frustrating than nice."
,Recommended,289650,16302736,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,The Iron Ladle,"Might be a case of incompatible and outdated hardware but for me, recently upgraded to an R9 290X before picking up this game and I am able to run the game just fine on high settings.  No crashes or anything else to speak of yet.  I'm thoroughly enjoying the game, especially after just having played through all of Rogue.To be frank this game does a lot right that the previous games could have done better and there's two very important things that I can mention:1. Offering a reward system for 100% synching a memory.  If you have more incentive to do the optional objectives, it makes the experience more enriching and it makes you actually want to accomplish those objectives.  Putting optional objectives just for the sake of doing them for a % completion doesn't offer much incentive.2. Changing the combat so that every weapon isn't an insta-kill monster and this goes hand in hand with number 1.  You will actually want to obtain and upgrade armor and weapons and the such now that there's a different impact on combat and you're not tearing up groups of 20 enemies with relative ease."
76561198138496351,Not Recommended,289650,30948160,Posted: 4 April,all,Ghixx,"Very poor, slow combat and on my computer it crashes."
76561198086319027,Not Recommended,289650,15489744,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,NeroSnow,Commits suicide from eagle view point 10/10
,Not Recommended,289650,29668862,Posted: 3 February,all,Ares__VI,"- It took the game like 5 minutes for the first crash. It took me 2 days to forget about that fact- then started it one more time - game crashes again, so did my motivation but as i am used to technical suffering during ubisofting i gave it another try- the green screen is hitting me like a punch in the face and tears my hope apart- pc doesnt start anymore, smells like hell, well i asume hell smells a little scorched, so did my pc- thought i was dead, was like half an hour in a sort of twilight zone cause i didnt know if my 1200€ pc was ash and dust- RX 480 dances with the devil and seems to be on fire as i touch it (newest driver yes blabla)- luckely pc was alive and after dispairingly checking everything for damage it starts again- right click, delete game- breathYou think, well, this time ubisoft doesn´t ctrl+c ctrl+v, this time will be different, it happend over and over again, but this time will be different, and its just coincidence that the game crashes..NOUBISOFT...if you listen closely while you say the word ""ubisoft"" you can actually hear it...u..be..suff..eringDid i ever tell you what the definition of insanity is?"
76561198066234675,Not Recommended,289650,14975322,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,katarn123,Most unplayable garbage ever.Do not purchase.  You have been warned.
76561197975523869,Not Recommended,289650,13741341,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Plex,"What could be a great game is seriously marred by poor preformance, bugs and broken content. A signifigant portion of the game is inaccesable either from being completely deactivated, and not even attemptable, or game breaking gliches that make it incompletable. Two months after the game has been released the intitates program is disabled, the nomad portion of the game messes up saved games and can't be accessed without a smart phone app and co-op missions seldom go through without someone disconnecting and resetting the mission (and most undoable solo). Even if you can get the game to preform decently, the issues it has ruin the experience."
,Not Recommended,289650,13043445,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,indivisibly,"This game is not finished. Corners, windows and chairs are the largest challenge. The beautiful cityscape does little to take away from the unpolished mechanics."
,Not Recommended,289650,14041041,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Fusou,"Great graphics.bugs, glitches and more bugs its like playing a early access gamestory is garbagepatches dont fix anything2/10UPLAY SUCKS"
,Recommended,289650,20022600,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,N I   H A O,the game is not in my library there is a random request pending to refund this game i didnt do that when it was there i checked my email and theres no requestSteam fix this problem and give me back my game
,Recommended,289650,17552694,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,iNzaNe-iwnl-,"This is an good game, finally ubisoft make this kind of game, and ubisoft pls ignore the critics example: I'm can't play for sh*t cause it's lagging like hell. It's because you got an♥♥♥♥♥♥computer soo don't blame the company!"
76561198005048521,Not Recommended,289650,14892526,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,OracleX,I am a huge fan of the series and was really looking forward to this one however after reading so many reviews about horrific performance and the crazy $69 price tag I decided to wait.  Hoping that the price would come down and also that they would fix the game.  Well the price came down to a reasonable level however they haven't fixed the game.After 'playing' through the first sequence with absolute horrible performance and by far the worse glitching videos I have ever seen I hit Alt-F4 with total disgust.  I tried changing the settings many many times restarting over and over with no effect.By FAR the WORSE game I have purchased on Steam to date.
,Recommended,289650,33759522,Posted: 23 July,all,JJ_Studio,Good game
,Not Recommended,289650,16181733,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Jabby,It barely works.
76561198135984130,Recommended,289650,33336146,Posted: 7 July,all,aveline,"they have hot female protagonist here , why u shouldnt buy it?10/10 would bang that girl"
,Not Recommended,289650,13098128,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Hlelia,"It hurts me to leave an unpleasant review since I am a fan and own everything PC has to offer.But:Well, to begin with advantages: graphics... I didn't dare run it on the best quality, since I run the game on the laptop, but still the game looks more beautiful than Revelations in its best. It sometimes lags... But I could manage it.Music is rather good, especially the female composer.Now to all that makes up this review.Combat. For a hardcore fun to find himself poked around at the start of a fight was a bit unpleasant - but I understand, they made it so ""you have to be stealthy, avoid combat, blabla"". It doesn't really work sometimes, especially in coop missions. I play alone, since the connection is not that good and I usually find myself swarmed with elite enemies (bulky brutes with spears or agile guard officers). And anything else except for strongest polearm or single-handed doesn't help (heavy is not useful at all, no potential bonuses - it is slower than the sword and shorter than the spear - if, at least, it would deal more damage or something else...) anything else except smoke bombs doesn't work - stun bombs don't allow instant kills, poison affects onl 25% of health bar or so, phantom blade is not lethal, and point-blank firing of the most powerful 8-barrel gun also isn't lethal. It is imbalanced. But if you are yourself caught in the crosshairs, no matter how fast you move, how hard you dodge and how unpredictable you scale along the wall, snipers get better of you and it takes like 1-2 shots from a distance to end you. I doubt these guys are highly trainedsharpshooters.Stealth mechanics are made closer to that of Splinter Cell. Which is a good move, since it is the first introduction of actual crouching and covering. But, comparing to Splinter Cell, there are no hints to help you, what should be pressed (and boy we need these hints!). The most logical stealth mechanics was by far in BF, but here - everyone is so sharp-eyed, and you cannot deal with them as the normal assassin would do. Using phantom blade not only wouldn't kill the guy, but will alert everyone in the vicinity of your presence. So it is easier to use pistol to take your time and ""kill the poor stronzo""(c) in the head. But no reaction to loud noises... at all. Not legit.Medicine... In the beginning of the game I was really happy that consumables are really what they are - cheap ammunition. For the first time I was encouraged to use smoke bombs, not only combat-wise (otherwise you're a dead-man), but also economy-wise, since they are cheap. Everything was good until I upgraded health skill to its last position. Suddenly medicine costs 2500 O_O. It's far too expensive for that! Every 20 minutes I earn around 10 thousands - so it is 4 medicines. That's not a lot, I need more since you pushed your combat so far. Not fair, Ubisoft, not fair...Earning money is a little bit harder than before because you don't understand whence it comes from. All Ezio games featured banking where there was a clear statement, that the more you renovate and collect, the more you get. In 3, 3L and BF it was convoys you sent. But here... the mechanic should be similar to that of Ezio games, though it doesn't say how to increase your income. I understand that owning other cafe buildings, doing missions for ""Theatre"" and renovating do the trick. But I am completely lost at what else matters. No matter how many customization items I purchase, or artifacts collect, income doesn't change. Strange.Customization is good in terms of ""diverse"", but it sucks in terms of fairness. Before commenting furhter, in every category there is an item which could only be unlocked by playing companion app.To start of with the armaments: it would be really nice - after unlocking all weapons, for example, to use just a set of characteristics on any weapon. For example, I would like to go around with different swords and maces, but they are far too weak against enemies, so I am confined to a few. Color schemes is the gulp of fresh air since it's the only full-unlockable thing, and the colours are really good. When it comes to gear, it sucks, because nearly all uber gear is locked with stupid club competitions. When I heard that you can go through coop missions alone I thought ""wow, they don't enforce it!"", but now I see they do, which is not fair. Make everything unlockable after some achievements or memories - that would be a lot better.Language problem is one Steam-based. I like playing my games in English, but suddenly they changed their policy to ""Russia gets only Russian language"" - I mean, what kind of crap is that? We should have a choice, assassin's creed, remember? And when I try to at least consult the support on the matter - Steam redirects me to Ubisoft, whose support guys tell me that since the game is Steam-based, I should solve the problem here, butI cannot even reach them here! An evil circle.Plot is real history-based, it is really good. The more Ubisoft moves the time period, the more accurate it becomes. But sometimes missions are somewhat plucked from histroy book. Yes, they are accurate, yes they incorporate historical figures, but they feel detached from each other. And that is a little bit sad. Still, it is interesting sometimes.Arno is a strange person. Comparing to other assassins, not in terms of weaponry, but in personality, I think him to be the worst. His desicions are not far-sighted and he doesn't seem to mature throughout the game. The same boy who stole apples, but with the skills of a trained (yeah, stick-fighting and hallucnating do the trick) assassin. Even Connor, who is the most offended assassin (don't agree with that), matures a lot throughout the game. This guy - doesn't.Assassination missions were a very good start since there are right now some unique kills. Really, really good. But since the option is single, it makes them just another objective to fulfil. To add replayability, they should have added ""several ways to uniquely kill"" a target.Murder mysteries the best thing in the game, in my opinion, only two things I don't like. This compulsory ""press TAB to see the evidence"", which covers the evidence - you have to wait till it dissolves... and the last murder mystery, which appears to be glitched. Apart from that - feel yourself a Sherlock.Side missions, all this Paris stories... Even though they offer pretty interesting intel, they are far too repetitive, every mission urges you to go in three (sometimes - four) guarded areas and steal something. Well, I beated all games for 100% (except 99% BF and savegame crash), so for me it's not that tiresome, but for most people it is. What I didn't like, though, were the characters in these missions. They are bland, not memorable at all. They have a couple of lines and that's it. Not good, not good.Coop missions are good, offer some historical layout, but are out of chronological order. The game gives a spoiler to itself of what happens to some people. Still, they are interesting and not so repetitive.Not a lot of characters appear more than once - I hoped for some interesting interactions with Napoleon and Marquis, but you meet them not quite often...Rifts are good and original to the game, though they are bugged a little bit... Also I am enraged that the artifacts in these missions are connected to companion app and you can't get 100% synch for collecting them.Collectables are painful sometimes because you have to grind the city to find them. Especially, chests, which are too many. Also, I still don't know how to open the password door to a catacomb on an island (one of the last cocardes).Companion apps are forced, bugged (Initiates) and ruin experience a little bit. No awesome costumes because of that.I recommend it only to some hardcore must-have fans. Other people would get biased opinion af AC universe after playing Unity."
76561198201983857,Recommended,289650,31231843,Posted: 18 April,all,esketit,french fries
76561198366954015,Recommended,289650,34416467,Posted: 22 August,all,Gang leader,以一个刺客的身份亲身体验法国大革命 情节曲折的单人体验 与圣殿骑士的激烈对决  需要高度配合的多人游戏 相比前几作难度系数大大增加 玩过这部再玩前几作就会感觉简单很多 武器装备数量繁多 玩法多样 需要敏锐的洞察力和反侦察能力 才能做到100%同步 画质提高不少但是对于显卡要求有点大 我GTX1050极高画质也只有50左右的FPS 游戏中的NPC是真的多 多的时候FPS会降低
,Recommended,289650,15214803,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Green Seagull,Dont care about technical issues.I love this game.
,Not Recommended,289650,32727367,Posted: 24 June,all,SankaRea,"I tried to ignore ALL negative comments about this game. I wanna be optimistic on this.But seriously, the free run up is so messed up. Sometimes it works, most of the time it doesn't. I don't know why most people can do it. But I really have a hard time doing it. I've tried experimenting how and it's like out of my 20 tries, only one is a success which is really disappointing. It would've been better if they just make it simpler like what they did in AC IV. The optimization too sucks."
,Recommended,289650,35261234,Posted: 28 September,all,i love rice,amazing gameplay i love the overall mechanics of the game too
76561198119682759,Recommended,289650,34460486,Posted: 24 August,all,gobr78,goood
76561198119458217,Recommended,289650,23360395,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Rosisco,It was
,Not Recommended,289650,23875859,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,somehulabaloo,This game was literally the biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥I’ve ever played. The combat was cancer and the free-running was unresponsive and rarely worked the way it should. This game has ruined the Assassin’s Creed series for me. ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft. Sorry for the salt but this game screwed up one of my favourite game series.
,Not Recommended,289650,15365159,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,grimdar,"Worst piece of trash released in recent memory.I've been gaming since 1986. There's been some awesome releases, and some bad releases. This ranks in my top 3 worst releases of all time, and it all relates to stability and performance.When the game first came out, it was a bugfest. Ok.. sure whatever. I gave them 1 month to fix it. I can't even run it with my 2x 780 GTX in SLI which scores 14,780 in firestrike.Now here we are almost 6 months later, I now have a GTX TITAN X I can't even get past the logo screen. CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH... and absolutely no end in sight. Are  you kidding me?Last Ubisoft product EVER."
,Not Recommended,289650,19272601,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,wiz,This game runs so poorly I thought my computer had a small stroke when I booted it up.A choppy framerate on any graphics settings/resolutions ruin the experience.
76561198248415116,Not Recommended,289650,18168253,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,CN3lue,"I bought this game and the game crashes and restarts my PC every 20 mins, it took my time like 2 hr to install for $49.99. it very bad to keep money ang bought this game.............Stop thinking to buy it"
76561198061570988,Not Recommended,289650,13172049,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Shade,now i know my graphics card specs aren't the cream of the PC worldbut still after playing with the recommended settings (which were really high) and lowering the graphics to the bare minumumall im getting form the game is one big lag ( i know i know i wasnt expecting flawless gameplay)BUT...with freezes in the cutscenes and a camera that just jumps at a random direction (EVEN WHEN IM STANDING STILL)Strange Physics issues like the hair on my character stands up in the air all of a suddenthis things are pure bugsi cant say im going to recommend the experienceat least wait until its on discountin addition seems like something is eating my memory as i left the game and my RAM is barely available (~6GB are taken and dont seem to be released - only a reboot solves this issue)
,Not Recommended,289650,15554745,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Darwinium,"Tried so hard to be invested in the story and this french revolution but after playing rouge this was a let down even though i bought it on sale i find myself wishing for a refund, arno is such a clumsy assassin in my opinion instead of the powerful strong assassin i was looking for with a strong story line the visually stunning atmosphere couldnt make up for the fact that Arno is not as insteresting as other assassins i deeply enjoyed rouge and i find myself disgusted by this sadly enough this part of the assassins storyline just let me down really hard"
76561198010614928,Not Recommended,289650,14019371,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tigerstrike,crapola
76561198164108850,Not Recommended,289650,13302699,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,khashayar_px,THERE IS A LOT OF LAGS DURING THE GAME WHICH GETS REALLY ANOYING BECAUSE EACHT TIME THE CHARACTER GETS STUCK AT ONE POINT OF THE GAME AND THE WHOLE GAME HAS TO BE RESTARTED IN ORDER TO WORK
,Recommended,289650,14757325,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Death,A bit buggy but still the best in terms of graphics and parkour animation. Still lose to black flag in term of gameplay.:3
,Recommended,289650,14758037,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,LottCalliber,Assassin's creed unity oh where do i begin.Anyways so unity showed great potential before release but then ultimately came out as well....poop nonetheless the recent patches has made unity playable. Alot of bugs and glitches some really funny and some just rage inducing.The co-op itself is really fun although there is alot of things to unlock from it not a bad thing i accept the challenge and then there is the story...the story has its up and downs bt mostly quiet a good story so overall this game is on a tight rope i dont recommend buying it but i do recommend buying it
,Not Recommended,289650,13448229,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SirFungi,To many graphics bugs and was unable to play.  Sure would be nice to get my money back.  I could have waited until the bugs are fixed and price of the game is dropped lower.  Won't do that again with UBISOFT.
76561198074262927,Not Recommended,289650,13551794,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,532946440,Buy it if you enjoy a frequently-broken game
,Not Recommended,289650,13557385,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Krad,bad
,Recommended,289650,16439519,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,__ADA__,"Finally, a COOP Assassin's Creed game :DSucked at first, but they fixed many of the performance issues.Also, I got a free Ubisoft game since I had the Season Pass. So it's not that bad afterall ;)"
,Not Recommended,289650,13558805,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,fukd,"Bought this game. Didn't know it was Ubisoft. ♥♥♥♥. Had to log-in (my pwmanager had my username and pw for a years old account but it wanted an emailaddress while none of my addresses worked).  Failed. New account and I'm serious here: My steam name didn't work because it's a forbidden word. Seriously? Forbidden words? Are you the church? No you are not; at least THEY stopped enslaving people. ""dieubisoftdie"", ""dieubidie"", ""ubisuffcteforfckssake"" were already taken (again, serious here). Started game after unchecking all the spammail-checkboxes. Didn't work. The ""Play"" button did NOTHING. Started it using Steam (why? because ♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT! that's why). Did work. Game was in german because the local market dictates crappy synchronization and ubisoft was already kind enough to allow me to ""avoid"" spam. Skipped the intro to survive german dubbing - looked for settings to change that afterwards but apart from an achievement because I started the game (it was a hurdle, after all) only mission selectors. Selected first mission: ""TAC.exe stopped working"". Let's see how long it takes to get my 60$ back and get a pirated version. It will be a burden on the developers in the end, but then again I was forbidden to pay for their art. Final impression: Ubisoft must have played the latest sim city on meth. There is no other way I can explain spending so much money on a huge ♥♥♥♥ YOU to all of us stupid enough to pay them for some mindrape. I seriously want to hurt someone - but I'll do it in a game (not a ubisoft one of course)."
76561198059656849,Not Recommended,289650,14570396,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,thekiller157,0/10 worst game of the year has given company a bad reputation in my mind it makes me sick!
76561198123223907,Not Recommended,289650,13988403,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,zorphic,poor. Its like they didnt give a sh*t
,Not Recommended,289650,14512680,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Manzy,Waste of my money! Not worth it!
,Recommended,289650,14046066,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,BeyondDgrave,I havent play the game much because its bugs and issues. Now that I decide to play it the game sudently chages its language to korean or japanese and it dosen't let me change it back to english. So ♥♥♥♥ you very much ubi-crap for making this game a complate waste of my money. I only wish I can take this ♥♥♥♥ers to court and get some kind of compansation for this ♥♥♥♥ing money grabing scam. so dont buy it because the only way you can enjoy this is if you are a mindless asscreed fan.Updatethe game have been patch and fix now you can get quality time out of it. so if you got the money and havent play it give it a try. for me  the story dint hold me but maybe youll like it.
76561198068309988,Not Recommended,289650,14136316,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,remus5150,"I purchased Unity during the Christmas Sale event for $40, as it stands I would say this game is worth $30 at the most. I have played all the AC games from the beginning and I can say that this one has it's moments. The story is good, the graphics for the majority of the game are beyond gorgeous. Ubisoft has always done a great job with their city designs. These 2 things do not justify this game enough to give it a thumbs up. Be that I got the game after there 4 majors patches and most of the bugs were fixed, there were a lot of mechanics issues and things that were missing in the game compared to previous installments. I felt when Ubi designed this game they fell way back in there stone age development of when they made there first AC game. I felt that they added things that were not nessecary, like there microtransactions were absurd and just to open certain chests in the game you have to play the App game on your phone/tablet which is a waste of time. Competeing in Club events or for that matter trying to assemble a Club was confusing and difficlut because there is not really any tutorials to help with exactly how it all works as well as many others players didn't want anything with joining a club or didn't want you to join their club. The new Free-Run was cool, Parkour is neat when it works correctly. The 3 way Free-Run systems needs some attention. And the fighting mechanics are different, sometimes glitche and your assassin just stands there and takes multiple hits while your trying to roll away or parry. If it wasn't for the storyline and the Graphics I probably would have skipped this one all together, but I am glad I got to play and see Arno's story and even if it will make an impact at all in other newer to come AC games. BTW I do love the Co-op play that they have added to the game I do expect and hope to see this in there next installment. That is something I actually was impressed on.My suggestion to Ubisoft and there publisher (Ubisoft...one and same) is to take a couple years from releasing assassin creeed annually. Release your next AC game in 2016 Summer or Fall, skip 2015. Be smart like many other smart developers (Rocksteady - Arkham Knight; Ready at Dawn,Santa Monica - The Order: 1886) are doing and delay your game if necessary to make sure that the experience of the game is not taken away , because your mechanics are haywire or you have crazy NPCs glitche. I am glad that some of the developers are acknowledging there own work is not complete and are willing to delay there product that they promised to there fans. Because they know that a properly finished product given to there fans will reward them for their hard work ten-folds compared to business statistic a-holes who thinks releasing a game yearly is profittable to the company, when yet they don't realize it will hurt them in the long run (The Business Statistics is assumption and I know publishers has to do with the majority of pushing developer to finish the game fast so they can push it out the door for money reasons).I somehow knew something was going to be wrong with this game so I waited one week after the release and read the reviews of other steam users. This made me want to wait out the game until they released a few patches and the price dropped because of the glitches and poor reviews. I am glad I waited. My own opinion on purchasing there next installment I will not be pre-ordering it like I have all the way up to Black Flag. I will again wait it out and see if they have learned from their mistakes.I am a recreational player. I play for the fun, challenge and the story of the games.My Rig:i5-3570k @ 4.0GhzGTX 9708GB RAM (1833Mhz)Game Setting:Ultra w/FXAACapped the game at 45FPS. Surprisingly this game seems to look and run better at 30 or 45 FPS rather than 60FPS. The way they designed it was to be ran at 30FPS and I see why. It does seem to look better in scenes. (Used Riva Tuner to Cap the FPS)"
,Not Recommended,289650,24805144,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Based Slowking,The combat blows
76561198123118518,Not Recommended,289650,13987993,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Swivelz,Its just way too slow for those who like a lot of action.
,Not Recommended,289650,13178340,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,[LPT]Lavco,"Completely awful, you never get out of the animus! So we just went through a whole game without knowing whats happening in the real world. The story doesnt make much sence and you never adhear to the creed. Everything may be permitted but making terrible games shouldn't be done."
,Not Recommended,289650,13119579,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ijd60914,"so do we get the free dlc too or are they just saying "" forget the PC crowed"" because that's how I feel. also don't buy this every person in France aprently has a british acent. I think that's all you need to know."
76561198133359694,Recommended,289650,16587014,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Blue,This game is super fun. Thats all i have to say about that
,Recommended,289650,28122007,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,JimTheFish,"Assassins creed 27 the new beginning, after the events of the only good game Flag of Black we travel to the Land of Baguettes and Croissants, the new custimzation means you can be decked out in the latest neck scarf trends and constantly wear a hood at questionable times of the day, thankfully we never enter the dreaded modern day realm as seen in recent times and instead have to go diving through Nether Portals which is a nice recreation of ubisoft diving into development hell as they try to salvage this series, I'd give this game a 1 same as the frames when i load it up :^)"
76561198273749012,Not Recommended,289650,21243671,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,MyNeybor,it might look good but the missions are really hard to beat
76561198018139660,Recommended,289650,22355545,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Madsy,Would be good game if graphics card could handle it :(
,Not Recommended,289650,13989341,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,The Beast,"Ok, so after finally getting to play this game after the white menu problems, I found out this game is atrocius.   Every inch of this game disgusts me.  Lets start off with what Assassin's Creed was famous for.  The extremely long view distance and how the graphics looked perfect from all distances.  In this game once you step away about 200 feet from a building and the graphics turns to counter-strike 1.6 graphics. WTF!?!  2nd the lighting is terrible, when you run through a crowd of people it looks like their clothes change, but they don't.  3rd The mini-games and basically the whole game sucks, all rushed programming, and nothing in the game is flawless everything has many things wrong.  4th The engine in general that Unity uses is terrible, never reads anything correctly, constantly messing with your gameplay.   Finally, I did not finish the game but so far I hate the story line, maybe theres some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ twist at the end idk.BTW I run this game and every new game on max graphics, this game has♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics.  On any lower settings I'm sure this game would look just like CS 1.6.  Disgusting.  They pushed this engine so hard that they had to lower all the graphics, and the engine still has tons of problems.  Then they brag about how much npcs they can have on the screen at a time..."
76561198262738880,Recommended,289650,30146682,Posted: 24 February,all,joakim.le,yolo
76561198009063890,Not Recommended,289650,16366608,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lazarus281,"Looks great. However very glitchy as far as framrate goes even with 2 R9 290X's in crossfire and 16Gb Vram. Buy if you're a fan of the franchise, but i wouldnt recommend buying at retail. Wait for it to be on sale or it'll probably be a waste."
76561198077684812,Not Recommended,289650,21071599,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Maple3CC,ACU.EXE IS A VERY NICE GAME!!!!
76561198000079109,Not Recommended,289650,13030917,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Deacon,I never write reviews and generally I like every game I play but this game plays very choppy and has numerous bugs. I've played every game in the Asassin's Creed series and this is the first one that has been really disappointing to me. For the first time I wish Steam had a refund policy.
,Not Recommended,289650,13459722,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nerdy Gal,"Ok first impressions are its going to be good seeing as there seems to be a blackflag type levelalthough many of the play styles have changed, AC Black Flag had awsome improvments via controlls & attacks & items etc  however i found it difficult to jump over a simple log whilst chasing an assasin at the very start.bassically I have been put off playing this after only playing less than 5 minutes.I would advise waiting for a sale or accepting a different game compared to previous versions.This is not your standered AC"
,Not Recommended,289650,16284070,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,NaturalDonut,"Worst game i have every played, wouldnt even pay $5 for this"
76561198038257786,Recommended,289650,14307521,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Klowdee,I want to play. I really do. Sadly I think my GPU is limiting me (670 FTW) which I was not aware was going to be an issue. Very very sad panda. Hopefully after my upgrade it will be a different story.
76561198041100982,Recommended,289650,14285016,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sgt. Thundercok,"'Unity' is the first AC game I've actually got into. I think I stopped playing the others (AC 1, Black Flag) because I am a keyboard and mouse user on PC and I just learned to hate the console-like 3rd person movement.For whatever reason, I am totally into Unity, and loving it.How sad that what looks like a labor of love for its fans to me, 'Unity' turned out to be such a cloodge for many. Paris is frigging amazing, and I love running the companion app alongside. It does kinda feel like an engine demo, as a Kotaku article mentioned, but what a wonderful demo!"
,Recommended,289650,14276313,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Minato,Now I just play 1.6 hrs and yes ♥♥♥♥ that.I recommend for AC's fan. You want to play? PLAY.I dont recommend for who doesnt AC's fan. Try some game you could enjoy.ps. GO BACK TO AC1pss.I enjoy to be an assassin so I ok for  whatever....
,Recommended,289650,27827467,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Defenzes,The story is good and the ending is so so good even that thing happen
,Not Recommended,289650,28909364,Posted: 1 January,all,Døminate-,"Crashed, entered the game again, crushes another time, didnt even loaded."
,Not Recommended,289650,29617572,Posted: 31 January,all,Frodo,Worst game ever.
,Not Recommended,289650,20421031,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,martin.herrmann69,"Pros: Uhhh lets go onto consCons: Graphic are great, but even with my computer I usually get 20 fps, and I can barely move without lagging.I cant write anymore cons because I didnt get past 3% of the game before it keeps crashing (When crazy prisoner calling Arno pisspot jumps off roof) and I dont know how to fix it, please help."
,Not Recommended,289650,13469294,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,RedNight,"Not playable in it's current state. Character cannot move for more than a few seconds before the game freezes for about 20 seconds (sounds still playing in the background). Cut scenes are the same, when they start you get 20s of audio before you see any action on the screen.When the game runs it's beautiful, but the game is in beta at the moment so I will wait a month or so for the developers to finish writing it before I attempt to play it."
,Not Recommended,289650,23905967,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Thighs,Doesn't work and Steam refuse to refund it. A shocking display of incompetence from all involved.
,Recommended,289650,30356871,Posted: 6 March,all,CHADZ,+prosBest Graphic of Assassin Creed game-consbad fighting system
,Not Recommended,289650,13092383,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Raskolnikov,"I can run Far Cry 4 on Ultra settings without the vaguest of hiccups. This runs like I'm playing it through a zoetrope on the lowest settings. This needed at least another eight months to a year's worth of polish. There is no excuse, Ubishill."
76561198185955817,Not Recommended,289650,16961304,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,add: Diabeto The Niggarito,this game is probably the worst game you could ever buy on steam if u want to play this game save your money and buy next gen console even if u have the specs for it it probably still lag and if you have bad internet expect 2 days to download or more
,Not Recommended,289650,17747458,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,thebest6969,I got this game and it did not want to play past the start maue. so I would say game makers get off your a** and stop taking our money for sh*t like this. if the game don't woke don't put it out.
76561198145734354,Recommended,289650,18164772,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,containsgluten,11/10 best slideshow ever
76561198016828227,Not Recommended,289650,21869454,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Slimwaffle,This is the only assassin game I don't like. This one is complete garbage.
,Recommended,289650,26420763,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Griffin,Pretty good
,Not Recommended,289650,14315517,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Jack Grimsly,"Well, as soon as I got to the menu's and turned♥♥♥♥♥♥down to medium graphics, the game actuelly ran and I had fun."
76561198151490429,Not Recommended,289650,16576049,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SlaughterHouse,for me every time i opend the game it would not allow me to enter or play the game at all i've tried every thing but it didn't work
,Not Recommended,289650,21992102,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,RedSniper27,"Semi-fun storyline, the graphics are okay, gameplay is a bit shotty, some bugs and glitches, overall it is kinda oring and I've lost interest, it's nothing new, the combat is the same as the other game, the badguys are the same, just French, it's the same old good vs. the evil tyranny........ It's not worth the mony it's asking for. If it was $5 yeah, that'd be a better price."
76561197980060305,Not Recommended,289650,13498836,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Loyco,Unoptimized piece of crap.
76561198130256367,Not Recommended,289650,22456480,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Evolinux,Still awefully bugged 2 years after...
76561198073738026,Not Recommended,289650,22503204,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,[*CNM*] - Don Semyon,"I have played the whole AC franshise from AC 1 on xbox 360 to AC Unity. By far the best one for me personally was AC Rogue as it featured more ""land play"" than AC 4 Black Flag but was still balanced with alot of Sea battles and challenges.I always enjoyed the AC franchise due to their combat system. Yes it has gotten too easy but completly taking the counter ability away was complete idiocy. Yes as an assassin your not suppose to kill of 100 soldiers in a battle but it was what made the game so enjoyable, and besides if they wanted to get technical, the guy doesn't die with slashing him with a sword 3 - 5 times unless your a complete retard playing with a butter knife! What I am saying is that take away the counter ability yes, but don't make me slash a enemy freaking 500 times to get him to die, if your a assassin kill the guy with one strike or does the assassins also have to warm up?I have read that Syndicate's combat system has been improved, I have not played it as I am still playing Unity and I am playing in sequence. So please give the guy who created this combat system a butter knife and give me an assassin who doesn't cut a guy 500 times to get him to die.Whoever created the new parkour system here's a tap on your back, great work. I personally think you should advise our butter knife assassin on a better combat system. I will even settle for the old glitcy one.Oh and Graphics, yeah buddy!I am not going to recommend this game because with it's combat system I was disgusted that I had payed R600 which is $40 for a game that disappointed me in the first 20 minutes. So I beg you, as a true Ubisoft customer which plays most of your titles and a real AC fan sort out the combat system before launching the new title cause whoever designed this was definitly trying to get us to start playing other games instead!Regards"
,Not Recommended,289650,33470409,Posted: 11 July,all,Orkan_DireReach,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash,just like ♥♥♥♥ing ubisoft the game lags when I have specs better then the game,the combat is so sluggish and it glitches and the controls suck ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥the only good thing is the customization,the dodge is useless basicly because the npc's have grade a rocket targeting and bullets hit you no matter what the parkour is also♥♥♥♥♥♥and unresponsive like the controls. Do not buy this trash game."
76561197992362416,Not Recommended,289650,13117767,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Telephos,i wish i could do my job with out responsibility just like this guys. Who only cares to make money and dont care about you little people(gamers).
76561197987533897,Not Recommended,289650,13131616,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Rad_One,This game is an An expensive  peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ not even worhty of saying its in beta. I feel ripped off.
76561198058527723,Recommended,289650,24070367,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Shadow Walker,love this game
,Not Recommended,289650,18138432,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Clarence McKenah,"""eh"""
76561198171520950,Recommended,289650,19334343,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Tom＆Jerry,联机太无聊了
76561198081024742,Not Recommended,289650,31515288,Posted: 2 May,all,Dylie,"Combat sucks and is full of bugs, ♥♥♥♥ this game"
76561198182211001,Recommended,289650,18955889,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,griffsadler1,I dont understand all of the bad reviews its a great game with a few minor glitches
76561198150006003,Recommended,289650,16612100,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Yo boi skinny penis,Well I'm gonna say why I like this game. Despite the early launch the game is good now.
,Recommended,289650,18193650,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Fallin,4 Hours of Gameplayand haven't found glitch yet :)patch 5 fixed everything :D
,Not Recommended,289650,16651710,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,False God Meowcifer,"I really shouldn't have to fiddle with control panels and out-of-game settings to get it to stop studdering and run ""almost okay"" with my superclocked gtx 970. I mean at least I didn't have to install an outside mod for the game like I did with Watch_Dogs. The games okay I guess though. Framerate is still very bad for what it is, the graphics aren't good enough to justify the framerate honestly. You can't run it on anything less than high end graphics cards, back when I had my 750ti I could only get 40fps with lowest settings at 720p, and even then the studdering didn't stop.But because I'm an idiot I bought it anyway. I guess I was hoping maybe I could start to enjoy it since I have my new graphics card, but honestly, even at $30 this game really runs way too ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to justify buying it.I'm not suggesting you download it illegally, but Ubisoft, really, if you want people to actually pay for your games you should maybe consider making quality products that are worth actually paying for."
,Not Recommended,289650,28618952,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,deathfog86,so i have played every single assassins creed. loved all of them in one form or another. always having hours of endless fun...... i have never had anything bad to say about ANY AC game nor have i felt the need to write a review since my positive review of AC 2arriving on unity i must say thatthis is by far the most frustrating horrid game i have ever spent money onbuggedaudio - cuts in and out during key story cutscenes etcvideo - air assassinate end up trapped under map (forced to restart) alotparkour - parkour system has spiraled. ai makes very stupid moves (have over 3k hours in ac series so its the game)AC series has always done this disclaimer multicultural blah blah blah work of fiction (which is fine)since when do the french have english accents???????????why do we need 1k NPC in a 200m areawhy do all of the building wreak of english buildings etcpositives-height of buildings. better parkour envirorment (just flitchy af parkour)-polearms-mortor-hidden blade upgrades-multiplayer is awesomenegatives-emersion GONE-same story different people-lots of bugs-multiplayer needs better mic Q-no new tech-controls clunkynow if you have played all the other AC. go ahead and play it... BUT dont bother overpaying for it.. maybe catch it on steam winter sale
76561198013180332,Not Recommended,289650,16238357,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Midago will return asap :),"IN PREVIOUS GAMES I FINISHE 100% BUT HONESTLY THIS STORY WAS SO LAME I DELETED IT AS SOON AS I FINISHED THE STORY, SORRY UBISOFT BUT THIS HAS TO BE THE WORST AC TO DATE AND AS FAR AS OPTIMISATION GOES THIS GAME REALLY SUCKED, IT'S AN ASSASSINS CREED GAME I SHOULD HAVE LOVED IT, WORST ENTRY IN THE SERIES EVER AND AT THE END OF THE STORY I HONESTLY THOUGH WTF? SORRY I CANT'S RECCOMEND THIS GAME, BIGGEST REGRET THIS YEAR, ROUGE IS MUCH BETTER"
76561198151948030,Not Recommended,289650,14941655,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,TheViking,"As an avid Assassin's Creed player, since AC1. I was extremely excited for Unity. The trailers I saw just had me on the edge of my seat waiting for the release. Well, I can honestly say I am dissapointed, The game is so broken it is almost sickening. Where to start? First off Free-Running, I am not sure if the console has this issue but the pc version does. I have to turn the camera 90 degrees to the side of Arno to properly perform the leap of faith, If I do not do that he will not jump. At ALL! And that is a 50/50 shot that he will jump in the correct direction. Second, the combat mechanic, BROKEN! The blocking mechanism is selective at best. You can try to block when the bar above the enemy flahes yellow right before they attack and its a 50/50 chance Arno will actually block the enemy. Third, Ranged enemys, If you are fighting an enemy who has a gun, forget about it. You will die, unless you have a ****load of smoke bombs and medicine. The dodging mechanism for gunshots is broken so bad it makes me want to stop playing the game entirely.There are many many more things to list in this review but to keep it short I will leave it here. All I can say is Ubisoft better fix the problems they are having or I will not play their next release."
76561198126368833,Recommended,289650,14930071,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,lucille19,"the best game, absolutly!"
76561197975242483,Not Recommended,289650,33979994,Posted: 2 August,all,spparry,Don't buy this game. If it crashes while you are in one of the bridge sequences between main missions all of the main mission markers will dissapear and you will not be able to finish the game.I contacted Ubisoft support and they basically just told me they don't have a fix and won't tell me if or when they will. They keep closing my support ticket every 4 days unless I add a comment. As far as I can tell there is no fix for this problem.
,Not Recommended,289650,13937477,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Arcenist,"Very buggy and very laggy on PC. They may have fixed it in their latest patch. I am not sure. I honestly swapped to console for this game. It was still derpy, but less laggy and could connect to other players better. Gameplay isn't much different than other AC games, storyline is okay."
76561198034200992,Not Recommended,289650,13929656,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,iiDRUMCOREii,"Well, what can I say. I fell for the, ""We fixed it!"" routine. This game is still, as of January 10th, 2015 and with 4 patches out, plagued by problems. First off, go buy a controller or you won't be able to play this game very well due to just how laggy it is. I have an i5-2500k runing at 4.8GHz and a 570 running a pretty good overclock as well and this game lags like crazy. I can't put textures on anything but the lowest settings and I still lag. This game used to take me over 10 minutes to start too, (strange since it is on an SSD) but that seemed to be remedied by adding more RAM. Apparently this game just crashes and lags like crazy unless you have more than 8GB of RAM. BTW I have seen a rig with TWO Titan cards still not able to play this game at respectable settings. Those are $2000+ per card just to give you some perspective there. Also there is a qicktime event (button mashing sequence) where you will possiblely not be able to win. This halts all campaign progress. The only fix I have seen is to restart and try again.So you now know how unoptimized this game is, but that is saddly not all to tell. I will randomly get stuck on things ALL OF THE TIME. I'll just be running along a rail or something and then just stop. After that, I pretty much have to quit the game or hope I will  be allowed to fast travel. Another issue is the blatant use of a console's UI in the menus. The menus are extremely frustrating to navigate because they require a controller and things aren't organized well. What I mean by this, is to adjust the graphics (which are set to medium by default, but this will likely only run at 5 FPS) you have to navigate though like four selections before you can change anything that matters, This is a big deal because when you start this game for the first time, it will throw you directly into a cut scene that is imediately followed by gameplay. I would have greatly valued the opportunity to  manually set my options before I started the game.The menus also seem to be quite system taxing for no apparent reason as well. Yet another optimization issue.Is there anything good about this game? The short answer is yes. The multiplayer aspect is very fun... when it works. The multiplayer itself seems fine, but with  the client side issues, people drop all of the time due to crashes, random freezes, and that whole getting stuck thing I was talking about. (It really sucks when it happens at the end of a mission and you have to escape the area, but can't.) When it works though... it is everything I have really wanted from this game. You can run around with a few friends and just explore/rampage or go do the co-op stuff. I enjoyed the skill system that came with this play style as well. I do feel like the club competitions to get high level gear is kind of annoying though. Makes it more random chance than an achievable goal.Overall, I would say this game just dissapointed me. It was very unwise of Ubisoft to release two games like this. Both have major issues. It is completely ridiculous how they pretty much ruined one of the most unique and interesting games out there right now. Very greedy vibes coming from this. Shame.TL;DR:3/10This game is no where near finished and is not worth buying in my opinion, but the multiplayer was fun when it worked."
76561198039868432,Not Recommended,289650,21583254,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,tesuji,"This piece of **** controls are impossible. Even with the obvious bugs like water disappearing fixed, it is incredibly frustrating to play. The fact that the character never runs where you point it to can be explained -  I guess people with a controller instead of a mouse need to be told where they *really* need to go, but for the ****ing lockpicking minigame where the game reacts 300 ms too late??? How can you have non-responsive controls in a minigame about reaction time?!?! **** you Ubisoft. How about trying to run through a crowd and running in-place while being shot? How about opening a chest and being teleported in the middle of enemies? How about the ****ING pay to win content?To put philosophical questions like the dumb-****-pay-to-win content aside: I have died 6 times. 4 times I died because the character was stuck somewhere or moved left when I pressed right and looked right. Once I died sliding, because the controls they tell you to move only really work, when you are practically not moving at all. This is a terrible piece of software don't buy."
,Not Recommended,289650,28660457,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DarkAgePooma,It is a decent game but it is poorley optomized. 4/10
,Not Recommended,289650,33649506,Posted: 19 July,all,Bobby,"I bought the game like a year ago and to this day; on July 19 2017, the game still does not run. It does not start, It does not run for more than 30 mins.I really wanted to play the game but it won't even let me."
76561198130830443,Not Recommended,289650,13397849,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,LatinoGamer,i have too many crashes
76561198006616845,Not Recommended,289650,13160299,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MiTaKa,"What do you know, i still can't play this game even after the patch. It's even worse now! It runs like crap, even though my pc meets the recommended spec requirments. It's a waste of money for now. Oh and don't forget that kickass ""Give me money"" dlc.  First AC game i ever preordered and i wish i didn't. Most missions are broken on top of all so yea don't waste your money!"
76561198109045701,Not Recommended,289650,16554434,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ryan_Brady0110,"Do not buy this game for PC. If you want to play this buy it for the XBox One or the PS4, only on those consoles are the lag issues and horrific graphics not present. I was really looking foward to this game and when I first got it I knew it was going to be the best in the series. Boy, was I wrong."
,Recommended,289650,33111888,Posted: 1 July,all,Blue,iz ok
,Not Recommended,289650,13938213,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Whovian1331,poorly optimised and waste of money
76561198277161055,Recommended,289650,33069574,Posted: 30 June,all,Dr. Jan Itor,It's not that bad as some might say. Not perfect either but it's good
,Recommended,289650,34516344,Posted: 26 August,all,Slam the Pam,"arno got pussi, or so he thought. elise = thot"
76561198097043845,Recommended,289650,34325007,Posted: 18 August,all,Milan,"My favorite AC Game, The Story and the Character Customisation are great."
76561198186628325,Recommended,289650,34354651,Posted: 19 August,all,Primal Sloth,Probably on my top 3 favourite games. It has a compelling story and cool missions. AC Unity is also packed with soooo much content along with it's DLC. AC Unity is definetly worth it.
76561198304848518,Recommended,289650,34412442,Posted: 22 August,all,DYMCA,Very good get it cause it is online
,Recommended,289650,24309071,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,morteza alaey,"before that updates, the game shows very lazybut now is better than thatthis game is intresting!"
76561198307884092,Recommended,289650,33256069,Posted: 4 July,all,AwpGodWilson | Hellcase.com,I don't know what's wrong with the other reviews I thought it was a great game I think they are old and thinking about the old glitches but pretty good game 10/10 would play again ps this review ain't fake
76561198071725994,Not Recommended,289650,18133920,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Ruli,"This game is a huge let down looking to all the previous AC Games...I do not recomand it...Ive always been a huge fan of AC but this is the biggest letdown ever...especaily from AC. Long live 1,2 Brotherhood , Revelations , 3 and 4 which were awesome rouge was .... meh.... but unity is just...extremly bad....hope syndicate will be better..."
76561197996646674,Recommended,289650,29160926,Posted: 10 January,all,Kchryss [Ro],"[En] ""Nothing is real..., everything is permitted...""""Attention, hunter and hunted can be!...""[Ro] ""Nimic nu este real..., totul este permis...""""Atentie, vinatorul poate fi si vanat..."""
76561198158322272,Recommended,289650,28000264,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,V12 LIVES MATTER,Glitch Sim
,Not Recommended,289650,13121434,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,somechips,"Radeon (TM) HD 6770M 4gb, 8GB Ram, i7-2720QM.Always crash while in play and loading.Just give the ultra low options, PLEASE."
76561198011259339,Recommended,289650,18906229,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Brokenmetaljaxx,Love this game and the Co-oP is sick !!
,Not Recommended,289650,14283169,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,SprinklerKungen,Worst game ever cant see what would make it soo epic avoid @ all cost and uPlay makes it even worst
76561198065450646,Recommended,289650,33532432,Posted: 14 July,all,evan,potatos
76561198125196324,Not Recommended,289650,20044303,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nobody,Keeps on crashing and it also drops to 1 fps.
76561198007288144,Not Recommended,289650,20359817,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,LordJonsy,the weakest part in the AC History
,Not Recommended,289650,16689917,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,djmastaman,this game is bad there is low frame rate a new crappy combat system the equipment menus feel like its a free to play game with MICROTRANSACTIONS BOOM mic drop the way you are told to do a leap of faith is stupid i spent the better part of 20 mins trying the way you are told the online gameplay is boring the only good thing is the graphics so it is a 2\10
,Not Recommended,289650,28215192,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Gannicus,Combat is very sloppy compared to Black Flag.
,Recommended,289650,21976925,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,anti-social kid from seattle,"10/10 Keyboard Breaker Simulator. I tried pressing e, a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of times on sequence 7 mission 3, made it to the third part of the pressing e.. I would give it a 9/10 if it had more improvement to the missions and more improved optimization"
76561198198915819,Not Recommended,289650,17420634,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,chimmychonga,i havent played since it crashes...
76561198118478829,Recommended,289650,22069686,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Nietzsche,I don't know what everyone is whining about...... I am having a lot of fun with this game.
76561198178341107,Recommended,289650,23892201,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,aristoteles,"storylines goodgameplays goodmultiplayer missions are fun to play together , more detailing character costuming than other AC Franchise so more like MMOgraphics are great! (for an old game)i think games such as these doesnt need a high fps, so i dont get bothered with the 30'sbugs are fixed so u dont have to worry the bugs would won the revolutionand u must know uplay is not as bothering as what ppl said u just log in , enter the cd key and playthis game is NOT deserve that mixed reviewi recommend this"
76561198125457911,Recommended,289650,19689532,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,WALRIDER,"Meh, It's an Assassin's Creed what'ya expect?"
76561197995913322,Not Recommended,289650,35345401,Posted: 30 September,all,NowhereBOy,Still crashes:i7 7700kG Skill 64Gb DDR4Gtx 1080ti
,Recommended,289650,23340197,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Atomyk,This is one of the reasons that I need an Alienware computer. Still probably awesome if it didn't crash as soon as it tries to give me control of my character.
,Recommended,289650,27257170,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Con,op
76561198007880676,Not Recommended,289650,34034825,Posted: 5 August,all,bradford174,One of the weakest in the Assassin's Creed line. Unity isn't so much a game as a moment-to-moment agony of watching your character do the exact opposite of what you want them to do. How can a city this big and rich be so boring?
,Recommended,289650,19178669,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Nunraper,"This assassins creed leaped 10 years ahead of the previous installment, much like the consoles it was made for did."
,Recommended,289650,35394259,Posted: 1 October,all,ÑøøŘ ︻气デ一一,nice <3 %100
76561198019584864,Not Recommended,289650,35444027,Posted: 3 October,all,Devorlast,Combat system is so bad it makes the game a total chore to play. Multiple oponent fights that used to be fun are a chore and a pain in the rear each and every time. For a game that is pretty much combat centered to have such garbage combat system is ridiciolous. AC Rogue was more playable then this...
,Not Recommended,289650,35385279,Posted: 1 October,all,Dong Wang,A broken mess. Crashes every 15 minutes for no reason. It literally crashes in the middle of a cut-scene.
76561198075290284,Recommended,289650,14368087,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Varreduna,"Awsome game, everyone that likes assassins creed franchise needs to play this game. One of the best games in the year for sure. More features, more moves and at last, but not less important, the marvelous online gameplay. Stunning game in all ways. Buy it now =D."
76561198143069574,Recommended,289650,14360799,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,t3rtl3k1ng,"Hey IM trying to play the game and I bought it for $60.00 so why dont I have a connection to Uplay??? Is this happening to anyone else? I already checked my internet connection, firewall settings, and service provider.... Plez help!"
76561198132129642,Recommended,289650,35352728,Posted: 30 September,all,LOVES 2 SPLOOGE,very good game i give it 9/10
76561198267046964,Not Recommended,289650,25832954,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Yemon,Not the greatest graphics takes alot to run i would give it a 2/5
76561198164611395,Not Recommended,289650,30752579,Posted: 26 March,all,✪ BeauRito,♥♥♥♥♥and poor and glitchy game dont buy it dont waste ur money buy ac4 its better then this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198095537847,Not Recommended,289650,30759367,Posted: 26 March,all,请给我人类队友thx,connection error for a 20mb/s downloading network
76561198038361438,Not Recommended,289650,35505154,Posted: 5 October,all,Vhek,"Legit the worst AC to date.  I keep trying to get into it, but I cant."
,Recommended,289650,12980726,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,СпИзДил,УКРАИНЦЫ!!!
76561198066631048,Not Recommended,289650,12885732,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Gray F*cks,Wtf its not even working god i hate ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,289650,12912349,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Johnny Magma Cum,"This game is the cancer thats inside my library. If it spreads to far cry 4 my steam will be terminally ill. I fear the worse we have till the 18 to know.0/10 ""would ♥♥♥♥ customers again""p.s. game is fun but looks like my computer should be dead if i was playing any other gameEdit: it is now the 18th and Far Cry 4's Flat trees crushed my heart to live.   :(I am terminally ill"
,Recommended,289650,13456692,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,(GoR)Andrew.zhd,"This piece of art was overflowed with negative reviews here on Steam without a proper reason. It does really have some practical troubles in means of performance, though you really should get attention around the game itself rather than poorly optimized engine.I really like the game so far (16% total sync at the moment), I enjoy random crowd events as much as storyline flow and character cast. I love a lot the first-ever customization within the game, it's always nice to give your hero a personalized look (so your Arno doesn't look like... well, other Arnos).I pre-ordered Gold Edition and I have a dated PC. And I still not regret any single coin.P.S.: I also ownFar Cry 4now, thanks for that!"
,Recommended,289650,13118458,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,Thx for the patch its made the game better
,Recommended,289650,15924675,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,FaradyThe13th,Its actually pretty good. I don't understand why people are hating this.
76561198136751458,Recommended,289650,14187551,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,[REDi]1R REC Haydos Reborn,this is a brilliant game with all the updates and co-op it's a master piece
76561198126424141,Not Recommended,289650,29209939,Posted: 12 January,all,Preotic,"Let me answer a few of your questions:Q: Does this game work?  A:NoQ: Is this game good  A:NoQ: Does any of the other assassin creed games work? A: I HAVNT PLAYED THEM. BUT DUH! ITS UBISOFT. Ofcourse they dontQ: Are you sure it's not your pc?  A: Just wait until you have more than 2 hours worth of gameplayQ: I wanna find some other good games created by ubisoft, know any?  A:You dont get it, do you?"
,Recommended,289650,14274178,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ric34lif3,"I will recommend this game to anyone with a hardware at the recommended hardware specification. Otherwise, this will only be a choppy game for you.The game is okay really. I am an Assassin's Creed fan and I just happen to like the series story wise. Gameplay wise, you will enjoy it as long as you get a smooth play, otherwise skip this one for now until you get a really powerful rig or perhaps when Ubisoft optimize the game to actually run smoother."
76561198042767409,Recommended,289650,14427125,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Doctor Mothoid,"This game got a bad rep for an inexcusably buggy launch, but once it's working properly, it's a solid addition to the Assassin's Creed franchise and a surprisingly fun game."
76561198165896107,Not Recommended,289650,30694832,Posted: 23 March,all,TANKYWANK,Not worth it in the slightest. Your money would be better spent on almost anything else on Steam.
76561198002430905,Not Recommended,289650,12891867,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Hobo2000,"My god, this port is garbage. I just recently bought and built a new gaming rig, and having never played an Ubisoft game on a decent gaming rig bought this a bit naively. I cannot get stable 60 FPS on any settings, only ~45 and only if my character is walking and there aren large crowds. The gameplay seems fun, but I am too distracted by the massive artifacting and random freezing. I can run Shadows on Ultra, so I can only assume this game is simply horribly optimized. Do not buy."
,Recommended,289650,13299487,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Aavael,"Pre-review note: If you're thinking about buying this game, wait till patch 4 comes out, because it will fix some fps issues.Graphics: The game itself is beautiful. From the architecture to the characters everything looks really great. The shadows on skin look fantastic as well.Story: It might not be the best story in the series, but it is definitely(in my opinion at least) better than the story in ACIII and ACIV BF. It has everything you would need in a good story, likeable characters, some plot twists and nice pacing.Gameplay: They have redone the combat, it now resembles more combat from the Witcher 2. You can't kill streak entire armies anymore, which is great, and if there are multiple enemies (4+) some of them will move back and try to shoot you, instead of waiting in line to attack you.The enemies have health bars again and vary in difficulty from district to district. They added murder mystery missions which are basically you becoming a detective and trying to find the person who commited a crime by investigating clues nearby. The parkour is a modified version of black flag's parkour with the addition of being able to parkour down easily while looking stylish. Stealth is finally playing a bigger part now. All bigger assassinations have multiple aproaches, which depends on you how you're going to do it. You can either try to Rambo your way to the target, try to sneak through buildings and rooms until you get to your target, or you can make your own way. Also they reduced the amount of tailing missions.Co-op: The co-op is very fun. There are a limited amount of missions/heists, but they don't get boring easily so you will end up gladly playing the same mission multiple times. This is like the enhanced ""wolfpack"" mode from ACIII, except now you have full missions and are actually entertaining. Even when not doing any missions, running around Paris with friends is fun.Performance: I personally have experienced close to none bugs and glitches, but other people seem to have an abundance of them. But with the recent 3 patches most of them have been fixed i believe. The game's biggest problem are it's fps. The game is badly optimized, it is one probably worse than watch dogs. But in the next patch coming out they said that there is going to be fps improvement.Overall: If you like the AC series, then you're definitely going to enjoy this game. The gameplay is great, the story good, and there is a LOT to do in it. The only issues is the performance, but hopefully it will get fixed. I definitely recommend it.Pros:-New combat-Co-op-Side missions-Character customization-Story-Characters-Stealth-Graphics-Parkour down abilityCons:-Performance"
,Not Recommended,289650,25513376,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,🅰🅻🅸,"The Weakest Story in AC SeriesIt's not single-palyer nor Co-op, It's worst mix of both"
,Recommended,289650,16621459,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ycs47,Those who like the Assassin's Creed series will definately love it!!
,Not Recommended,289650,12892902,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Hilliard20914,"This game feels like im running my computer on PotatOS.There is no excuse for poorly optimised games like this, I can run Arma III on max settings but this game almost melted my PC."
,Not Recommended,289650,12893805,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Craideus,"I love the Assassin's Creed series, but this game was pretty much the worst. First off i couldnt get a start screen to fix lag issues (which is weird cause my computer is great) it threw mw into the game without being able to fix anything. Then when i got a options screen it had a bright white light the made it impossible to see the settings. I assume these will be fixed in the near future, because i wanna enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,289650,12892773,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Crushfield,"The launch of Assassin's Creed Unity was a highly-anticipated moment for me and for our development teams around the world who dedicated a tremendous amount of energy, passion and skill to the game's creation. For us, it was the culmination of years of work on new technologies, the development of multiple innovations -- including an all-new game engine -- and an evolution of the Assassin's Creed franchise's core pillars. More importantly, we know that it was a highly-anticipated moment for many of you as well, as you looked forward to taking part in the first truly next generation Assassin's Creed game.Unfortunately, at launch, the overall quality of the game was diminished by bugs and unexpected technical issues. I want to sincerely apologize on behalf of Ubisoft and the entire Assassin's Creed team. These problems took away from your enjoyment of the game, and kept many of you from experiencing the game at its fullest potential.We've been working hard to fix the problems players are reporting, and the patches we have released so far have resolved many of them. Today, we're releasing our third patch, which fixes a variety of specific issues related to the game's stability and performance, matchmaking and connectivity, gameplay and menus. You can find the release notes on that patch here.To show our appreciation for your continued support, we're making the upcoming Assassin's Creed Unity Dead Kings DLC free for everyone. For Season Pass holders, we will also offer the choice of one additional game from a selection of Ubisoft titles for free. More details on the offer for Season Pass holders can be found here.In addition to the latest patch and this offer, we are committed to delivering further fixes for other issues you've raised. In the meantime, please keep your feedback coming – it has been both humbling and incredibly helpful as we continue working hard to improve the overall quality of the game. We are hopeful that with these forthcoming updates, everyone will be able to truly enjoy their Assassin's Creed Unity experience.We will continue striving to make Assassin's Creed one of the most ambitious and innovative franchises on the market, and we thank you for your continued loyalty and support.Sincerely,Yannis MallatCEO, Ubisoft Montreal & Toronto"
76561198117634878,Recommended,289650,25683543,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Jodi Arias,Meh.
,Not Recommended,289650,25857923,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Roro,"just a ♥♥♥♥ed up game with tons of annoying glitches and developer is still not deliver a good patch, been a fan of the franschise since the 1st game. good job ubisuck"
76561198112470549,Not Recommended,289650,23007218,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Night Hunter,Installed all 50 something GB of it. When hitting play it would just crash so after 1 hour of fixes over fixes to no avail I gave up. It isn't called one of the worst games for nothing. I am sorry for buying it.
76561198044122902,Not Recommended,289650,15031206,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,GiantDad9298,This game is awful.
,Not Recommended,289650,16872272,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Geyblade,"You'd never know it was patched, I am stuck with it, you don't have to be (takes more than 2 hours before you realize how bad it is)."
76561198126223994,Not Recommended,289650,12940543,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,AgentFrecklesMD,I have a good computer and it crashes on me even at the lowest graphics what a rip off
76561198032720228,Not Recommended,289650,16558147,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Martini_Time,"Even at 50% off this was a waste of money. horrible port, horrible optimization. I will NEVER buy another Ubisoft game."
76561198136426542,Not Recommended,289650,23946091,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,WildEffarig,"I have been playing this game less than 1 hour, and this game crashed for 4 times:)..."
76561197985844908,Not Recommended,289650,28988394,Posted: 3 January,all,Molly,Well.. atleast got to try the refund for the first time. 5/5 to steam
,Not Recommended,289650,28303040,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,°MultiVerse™,"Won't run. There's apparently a fix if you move the whole 45GB game to your C:\, but I don;t hae enough room and nor do i think that UBISoft have done enough to fix the issues.Unplayable - Buy something else."
,Not Recommended,289650,25213616,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,PashaCCCP,"Absolutely no different than all the previous Assassins Creed games, nothing new other that the very good character customization. Extremely poor optimization. Bought it to play with my friend and that lasted for 30 mins before we gave up trying to make it work for him. Not buying anymore Assassins Creed games after being dissapointer almost every year."
,Not Recommended,289650,15287024,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,TheRazorHaze,This game is crap even after they fixed most of it.
76561198083054833,Not Recommended,289650,12940279,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,3ziz,I have i7 propssesr and Nvidia GTX 660 and it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥There is a huge lag in every 1 min.FU** Ubisoft  for wasting my money for this carb.
76561198062539750,Recommended,289650,14071673,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Jazzmand27,"I am at a sort of crossroads. While the game itself is certainly enjoyable, and the gameplay is mostly solid, I have encountered one, and only one bug in the game. Unfortunately, it is quite severe. When I go to purchase new equipment after beating the game, it does not stay unlocked. If I switch to another weapon, I must buy it again. I would suggest waiting a few months to purchase this game, in order to allow Ubisoft time to work out all the kinks."
,Recommended,289650,14041010,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Wind,when ever i tried to play this game it would always come p with the uplay screen and would never let anyone get past it
76561198014322463,Recommended,289650,14068496,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Doug,with the last update i recieved this game seems to be running alot better. For me anyway.
76561198047868578,Not Recommended,289650,28114052,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jcbvickers,"I have been a long time fan of the Assassin's Creed games for a long time.  I have played them all up to the most recent one due to hardware limitations.  This one is by no means the best, in fact, it's the worst.  I can't quite put my finger on why, but movement doesn't seem as natural as in the other games.  Combat is also much more difficult than in previous games, which can be looked at as a good thing or a bad thing.  It defintely promotes stealth over open combat.  You can also crouch in this game which is something that AC fans have been wanting for a while now.  Even though I like this game, and there is so much to do, I can't reccomend it because it didn't live up to the previous games."
76561198036485157,Not Recommended,289650,13109058,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,GDS2000(ita),"i still have problems whit this game even after the 3rd patch. I have a PC that should support this game at low graphics but it is stuck at 20fps!!! also in some places, the video disappears and the grafic tilts! I m very disappointed because i wasted 60£!! I hope that the 4rt patch can correct ssomething. Now i can t play it and I invite anyone to DON T BUY IT.If you have a computer beast maybe you can play it at 30fps...."
76561198294285306,Not Recommended,289650,24738715,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Noobinator,The Assassins creed i have ever playedLot of bugsArno  is a jerk not fit to be an assasin
76561198085045446,Not Recommended,289650,23059310,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Hentie Dj,its ok. not much to do in multyplayer. still have yet to find story mision thats multyplayet . fighting is ok.i like how u can customize your outfit but thats about it.BUY BLACK FLAG!!!!! so much better than this 1.
,Not Recommended,289650,24443313,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,c.c,"I wasted my money on this, its glitchy and i really wish that i could get a refund, it was fun and great at first, but i cant new game, or different saves. I tried fast traveling and it started a DLC 'The Dead Kings'. I was so lost like 'wtf', i just wanted to fast travel.. WTF happened?!sigh my money"
76561198020370167,Recommended,289650,15775053,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Arnekovski,"I liked the mythical story line in the previous AC games which is a little bit lacking in this game imho. Still they have listen to their fans and created a smooth gameplay with good graphics. I have played this game on a 70"" screen and it was still awesome.I never experienced lags or glitches, maybe because I bought a new PC for this game. I have to say that bearing this in mind it is still a little disappointing. It feels to me there is so much going on over such a wide area that I find little dedication to do one thing or another.I think the average game could wait till the price drops to 30 EUR or so."
76561198061752173,Not Recommended,289650,13981728,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,The Maedic,i cant even stand still on the lowest graphical settings it's so bad...
,Not Recommended,289650,16623949,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BlackParadise,"i cant login my uplay account, it say first time login and when i type my account right, i press the login button but there is no response"
,Recommended,289650,14053217,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,PopPunkPizzaParty,"Don't let my time played deceive you. I've spent more hours than I can count in this game on my Xbone. I decided to grab it on PC and see how it would run with me since I have pretty much every other AC Release in my steam library.I don't think me talking about bugs here will add anything else that has not be said ad nauseium by all the other reviews, and don't get me wrong; IT'S ALL WARRANTED. The fact that this game was released in the state that it was when it was released, along with the fact that this is %100 SUPPOSED TO BE A AAA TITLE!What I will say that my experience has been better than most on the PC. Short rundown of my rig:-GTX 780 Ti-16GB RAM-i7-4930k-Windows 8.1 Pro30fps smoothly about %80 of the time with the normal drops to mid to low 20's in decent size crowds.Is it poorly optomized? Oh hell yes, anyone can see that. I've had a much better experience than a lot of people with comparable rigs and I think it boils down to CPU almost more than GPU. I've got 6 cores. Most people are working with quad core processors, and they are great and more than enough for pretty much anything, except Unity. This game is a CPU HOG!Technical issues aside, I like this game hence why I bought it to have another go here on PC.I implore as they keep patching and when the price drops pick it up. Paris is stunningly beautiful and Arno is a great addition to the franchise as I found his character and the whole story interesting. The changes to combat  were welcome, the microtransactions were not and the requirement to play Co-op and club competitions to get every piece of gear. For collectors that's just a giant pain in the♥♥♥♥♥All things considered I DO recommend this game now, Patch 4 finally made it playable for most everyone.I sincerly hope that there are enough people left that actually care to come back and give it another try, or pick it up for the first time.We can only hope that they do not botch Victory's release like they did Unity, or this series will effectively be killed.7/10"
76561197975904661,Not Recommended,289650,12933889,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,DoubleTap,"thanks Ubisoft for  crapping all over ur loyal fanbase who were suckered in by ur gameplay reviews.  Even when meeting the specs, the games keeps glitching and worst of all the camera spins so much i actually got dizzy playing this. Truly disgusting Ubisoft. DISGUSTING."
,Recommended,289650,18328322,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Jordan Schlansky,"So, This game in the way other see are ""This game is bad"" or ""I cant play because this game so lag"".But the way I see is it's a good game but not very good because this game is just a game that test new engine from Nvidia, So if this game has problem it so common. I like the skill build system,CO-OP,New Parkour system.This game has many FACTOR that cause this game not work probally such as AI that has more than 200 in that small map, New engine from Nvidia that effect Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag too.Assassin's Creed Unity has developed since Assassin's Creed Brotherhod(2010).So, I think that the time between 2010 to 2014. This game has been change developer or engine over and over again.So, the problem can cause to this game.The good thing about this game: Good story,Good system,Very ridicurious graphicThe bad thing about this game: Bug(Usually fell out of the map),Less detail in cutscene,Stupid AIAnd finally,I have notice that I can adjust the Graphic to high(except texture detail that I adjust to Ultra) without any FPS drop!!My PC:Core i-3, 8 GB of RAM, Nvidia Geforce GTX 650 GC"
76561198147429539,Not Recommended,289650,13973618,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,RastaFroBro,Only get this game if your GPU is above 780. If you dont have one above that it makes this game totally unplayable. Other than that this game is pretty fun
76561198160549677,Not Recommended,289650,19060882,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,WilmaDownunder,"didn't work on standard i5, GTX760, 16GB, Win7 ... just kept crashing... tried a few things, then gave up. I want to play a game, not patch a $80 piece of crap"
76561198181422237,Recommended,289650,16450186,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,hazaneyal1,greet
,Not Recommended,289650,24236295,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,.dAk1nG,this sh*t keeps on freakin crashin i need a refund of 30.00 dollars steam!!
,Not Recommended,289650,13044305,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Cullen,"So my initial review was the game wasnt optimized, ran buggy, and was broken in anyway that included Multiplayer. I am happy to say that my review still hasnt changed. This game is a great example of how Ubisoft can just drop one big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that was glorified through hype. I would suggest not playing this game at all because you'll just be dissapointed. I still cant make myself play the game because when i get in and the first time i see people pop in i get sad. this game took the trust of its consumers and said ""♥♥♥♥ you guys, im going home"". DO NOT BUY..... instead if you really wanna try it but are concerned you cant run it, or will enjoy it........ Yar Har, tiddly dee."
,Not Recommended,289650,19926292,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sigma,"The game never made it past the menu screen, crashed immeditly. Had to refund the purchase. Would not recommend to anyone with a nVidia 660(latest drivers) + i7 3770k system until bugs are resolved."
76561198134367832,Recommended,289650,19851025,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,S.M.C,"nice game..., really love it !!!"
,Not Recommended,289650,22562852,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Gregor the Goblin Shark,"*Starts up Assassins Creed Unity finally since I now have a computer that can actually run it**Hopes it isn’t still the buggy and broken mess that it got lambasted for at its release**Immediately gets stuck inside a wall within 5 minutes of playing that can only be fixed with a restart*Oh, okay"
,Not Recommended,289650,27526817,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Abood,"Still buggy even years out of release, filled with cancerous micro-transactions, coop is a mess because you keep disconnecting every 4 minutes. Grindy af progression. 45 GB download, Uplay required.Dont waste a dime on this game.You cant even refund it because the cancer starts 3 hours in (3 hour prologue btw)"
,Not Recommended,289650,17658042,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Fidel Castro,"Nope, just no."
,Not Recommended,289650,35288721,Posted: 29 September,all,=| InitioGaming |= Spooky,buggy af
,Recommended,289650,35261752,Posted: 28 September,all,Azyx1sG0d,perfect next up is syndicate
,Not Recommended,289650,23130505,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","it is the exact same as every other assass creed game, I know I shouldn't have gotten my hopes up after the series peaked with black flag (pirates, your own ship, your own freaking island, don't even try to argue that black flag isn't the best one).I cannot express how angry this game made me, they give you this ""phantom blade"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t so you can silently kill people from a distance and it literally doesn't work, I cannot remember how many times I have shot someone with it, only to have them go ""ah, there is a blade sticking out of my temple, better alert everyone in 5 kilometeres and go on a manhunt for this one guy""there are collectables every five feet because after making black flag they wanted to somehow put as much random stuff into about 1/20th the areaAssass creed is dead in the water after black flag and I would like to be proved wrong but really I am just dredging through these games so I can have story and stab peeps"
,Not Recommended,289650,30946926,Posted: 4 April,all,FakeLoli,"Refunded. literally unplayable,  always crash every 15 minutes"
,Recommended,289650,14050222,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Robert E.O. Speedwagon,"PerformanceACU is a really good game and the graphics are amazing but the big problem in perfomance lies in your processor. the game tries to render hundreds of NPCs but most processors cant handle it, thats why (I think) the game has low performance for MOST people, I have a quad-core processor and its was very laggy, If you turn anti-aliasing to low or off, your performance will be improved greatly. my friend has an 8-core processor and has no lag issues so if your thinking of getting ACU make sure your processor can handle it. I will recomend this game to everyone but like with most games, make sure you have the propper specs. Its a great game.In-Gamein ACU stealth has be overhauled into an amazing system, and also having a stealth button helps to. combat is now much harder so it gives the user a reason to stealth. The perk trees they added now lets you do more in what play-style you like, combat or stealth. customization is also much better too, change your armor for your play-style.with all that i highly recomend ACU, just make sure you can handle it."
76561198038078997,Recommended,289650,14101608,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Pickle Riiiiick!!!!!,"Don't let the reviews fool you, most people get the game for a computer that can't handle it then complain about not running good, no♥♥♥♥♥♥it won't run, your pc probably isn’t even close to the minimum requirements.  I have an AMD Radeon R9 270x, i can run the game at medium graphics fine, and it is playable at high setting, you just get some lag.After patch 4 the game runs way nicer than the time most of these reviews were written.So, if you a fan of the series and want another game that has a great story and nice gameplay, then I would buy this.And, just to say, the combat and free running is WAY nicer in this game than it was in the past, much more difficult combat, makes you play like an assassin, not a 1 man army like in AC4 and AC3.I give it a 7/10, for the crappy release it had at launch, but they at least the fixed it up."
,Recommended,289650,14493214,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Capitalartist,"Not the best Assassin's Creed, but it is nevertheless a fairly good game."
76561198098592394,Not Recommended,289650,14861677,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Deputy Marshal,"I hope I can be an assassin again...without getting caught on everything but an open field. Thank you for a beautiful landscape, I like assassin gameplay better, though.Update: August 13th, 2016Two years...two whole years it took for this game to run for me and oh my God has the wait been worth it. THIS HAS TO BE THE ♥♥♥♥♥IEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED AND THEY TRY SO HARD TO SELL IT OFF AS A AAA GAME.If you are looking for hours of laughter and frustation because of terrible game mechanics, horrible glitches, riduculous AI, and an overall story that is no better than Twilight. Pick this up, but please, pick it up for like 10 bucks. The indie company that made this game should really only start selling games at AAA prices when they've learned to master mechanics and story telling. This is the worst game I've played in years, and my goodness is it fun to laugh at."
76561198066277297,Not Recommended,289650,18801551,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Raven_The_Wanderer,"If you were unfortuenatly hyped about this game as I was, you bought it at release. It sucks. Get a refund if you can"
,Recommended,289650,14169659,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sid,"11/10 ign - Best glitch simulator 2015, would lag again."
,Not Recommended,289650,13988350,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,[_],I want the money back!!!!!
76561198072938182,Recommended,289650,14305974,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,WaddleS | BzUrQ |,I cant get the game 2 work becuase of ubi soft i dont know where to find the atcvisation code?!!!
76561198170047850,Not Recommended,289650,23009440,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,M00K,Loved previous games by these guys but not this one
76561198007585551,Recommended,289650,25717053,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,nugjuice,"Given the mixed Steam reviews and lackluster critic reviews, I thought I'd weigh in. I bought all the AC games during the  Winter Sale, and have been going through them in order. So chances are I've played the older ones more recently than most.This game, like most in the series, has its strengths and weaknesses. Don't let the critics fool you - at the minimum, this shouldn't be rated lower than Ghost.Pros:- Engaging Story (with choices!)- Great character development- Beautiful locations- Much more realistic atmosphere- Deeper RPG elements- More in-depth character customization (both skills and gear)- More realistic/difficult combat- Larger variety of side missions- More interesting/varied side questsCons:- Frustrating & clunky climbing mechanics- Frustrating & clunky jump mechanics- Awkward key-mapping which can cause issues- Non-responsive commands during combat- Frustrating & clunky mechanics (did I already say that? Whoops)- Bugs which force restart of game & quests- Jumbled/Awkward/Cramped MapMixed/Opinion:- Less hand-holding in quest objectives- Less detailed HUD- More difficult combat esp. vs. multiple attackersTo expand on a few things:- The story, character development, and more realistic locations/objectivs make for a MUCH more engaging game overall. In Rogue, for example, I felt zero attachment to the character and story. If you enjoy a gripping story with love, action, betrayal, and high-stakes decisions, then you'll enjoy this game.- The more in-depth RPG elements (like choosing gear with % bonuses to fit your play style) is a welcome addition from someone who has always been a sucker for RPG's.- (MY BIGGEST GRIPE) The run/climb mechanics are unbelievably frustrating. I've died more times in this game b/c of the game's refusal to cooperate with what I want it to do than every previous AC game combined. The direction you're pointing means almost nothing when free-running or climbing. In the previous games, I loved the freedom of being able to hold shift, point in any direction, hit the space bar, and leap. If I can't make the jump and die? Whatever, my fault. Something is there to grab onto? Cool, he's going to grab on. Not in this game though. Instead, they've made it more 'sticky' which means it's about 100 times harder to get your character to go where it wants it to go. Instead of feeling like I have free reign over my character, I feel like I'm either in ""climbing mode"" or ""running mode"" and it's hard to seamlessly go back and forth.I can't tell you how many times I died b/c my character refused to move on a wall while I was getting shot no matter what keys I pressed.- Also, key mapping. Whose idea was it to make space bar the 'hide' command and also the 'roll/dodge' command? I just love when I'm fighting, go to dodge, and the genius hugs the closest wall while taking a halberd to the face!All in all, a very good game and worth your money/time, especially during a Steam Sale...especially for people who like story-driven RPG's."
,Not Recommended,289650,31429980,Posted: 28 April,all,Sidney Niu,easy dizzy for gamer
,Not Recommended,289650,27756062,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KeK,game crashed 17 minutes in.Specs:GTX 960INTEL i7-6700 3.4GHz8 GB RAM
76561198044734664,Not Recommended,289650,27762729,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,playblaze,cant even launch this peice of garbage
76561198047672240,Not Recommended,289650,27867894,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jd_mcinerny,No matter how I alter my setting the game will never go much above a fps of 18. My System has all the required hardware and software. It's just very frustrating
76561198084867092,Not Recommended,289650,17752646,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Mr Phellepe,"To be honest, the game plays well... However it is terribly boring"
76561198143684768,Recommended,289650,14588515,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,jaemin,"Aside from the utter BS of microtransactions, it is a pretty damn good game. I recommend it.I honestly don't understand all these complaints regarding ""performance"" and bugs/glitches issues, because I have been getting 30+ FPS (w/ vSync), and rarely any bugs/glitches thus far.Have you guys maybe considered that you don't meet the required specs, instead of just blatantly blaming Ubisoft?But at the same time, I don't mind these terrible reviews towards Ubisoft because they deserve it, but for me, only because these greedy f***s implemented microtransactions into a $60 game.Don't start talking to me about it being just ""optional"". Sit down and think about it for a minute: Does this not leave any sour taste or remorse towards Ubisoft? They're attempting to extract more money off of you for a $60 game! My trust and love for Ubisoft is officially broken."
76561198062097573,Recommended,289650,14348105,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Huldrych,"==Review for old AC fans==Pros:-Amazing stealth mechanics.-Deep customization (with minor/acceptable limitations).-Huge and well made map.-Multiple approaches (but not as good as promoted).-Good graphics if your PC can handle it.-Kinda good repeatable co-op missions that turns into real solo challenges, especially for stealth gamers.Cons:-Stupid AI, or not as good as it should for hardcore stealth gamers.-Forgettable story and campaign (*Dead Kings DLC not tried yet*).-Dumb argument.-Combat is, indeed, more challenging, but still easy.-Phone app forced up your♥♥♥♥♥-“Initiates”.The game itself is NOT good. Please, remember this if you’re planning on buying it. It’s bad, ok?The memorable yet confusing AC story that we all appreciate is a mayor disappointment in Unity. ONE CAN’T EVEN UNDERSTAND THE GOD DAMN ENDING!!! I’m serious here, by the end it feels like the story never actually moved forward as NOTHING INTERESTING HAPPENS.Co-op is entertaining, but gets old really fast, even with friends. To prolong your experience try doing them solo in stealth, that’s when a real challenge kicks in. Therefore, if you’re not into stealth… be ready to be disappointed as the new combat system also gets old quick, 2 hits with whatever last tier weapon you have, that ALSO you’ll have quite early in your gameplay, and you got yourself a kill.Nevertheless… if you’re a hardcore stealth gamers, like me, you’ll have tons of fun. Unity like no other AC before makes you feel like an actual assassin, allowing you to approach your targets the way you see fit without risking desynchronization. While the AI is not clever enough to feel immersed in the game, they still possess a challenge. Some situations, specially doing a co-op mission by yourself, will look impossible, BUT THERE’S ALWAYS A WAY AROUND IT, you just have to use your brain and all your gadgets. And parkour? Is not only better, is encouraged!My advice? Buy the game… when uncle Gave puts it on sale."
,Not Recommended,289650,18274591,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SmallPlague,"Yet another medicore Assassin's Creed entry.Guess I'll list the few pros.+Parkour is pretty good.Cons-Runs like absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥♥-Combat is boring-Story is boring, though it had a real chance to be interesting-Playable character also had a chance to be the new Ezio but he turned out just to be a cliche hardass-the world is kind of lifeless and dull.At this point I'm no longer interested in Assassin's creed as a series, which is sad. It was once one of my favorite series, but Ubisoft have ground it down into♥♥♥♥♥♥just to make that dolla, dolla bill y'all. What a shame."
,Not Recommended,289650,21996533,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Oxide206,"This game was the game of great ideas and broken dreams.1.) A new parkour system that lets you ascend or descend your surroundings as the push of a button... but it turns out that the game only guesses right 2/3 times which object you're going towards.2.) A new graphics engine that allows HUNDREDS of people on screen at once... but those hundreds of people are look like faceless manikins colored in with pastels.3.) A new fighting system makes enemies harder to fight, bringing about an air of realism to the game and keeping you from easily staying on the defensive... but the constant shift in camera angles and close quarters make it impossible to fight if you're not in the open.This game is massively under optomized, full of bugs, full of faceles characters and IMO I woudn't buy it for more than $20."
,Not Recommended,289650,29895030,Posted: 13 February,all,Bluey,Out of all the AC games this is the worst. It even got to the point where i just uninstalled the game and watched the rest of the missions on youtube theRadBrad's channel. This is a disappointing AC game i can tell you that. The next game Rogue on the other hand... best AC game :)
,Recommended,289650,15676549,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ghettohead,"Assassins Creed Unity has had an interesting new development. It has definetly changed in a few ways which are noticable. In some way's they have definetly not followed suit in all the previous series. Character Moves, Layout and controlability is different and I believe don't think its been for the best. Having said that, the stunning graphics and the epic storylines still continue to shine through and the architecture of the landscape and buildings are still top standards. I still love it."
,Not Recommended,289650,13065586,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,123,Ubisoft is no longer in it for they players they are in it for the money. This game sucks every part of it from the story line to the gameplay game never ran for more than an hour without crashing. ♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT
76561198068139224,Not Recommended,289650,33400259,Posted: 9 July,all,MrFrazer580,Doesnt even launch!
76561198146967763,Not Recommended,289650,22627575,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,TemParz,"Bought it, lagged like hell, refunded it10/10 would refund again"
76561198137573811,Not Recommended,289650,22528598,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Crumpat,not good
76561198292106369,Not Recommended,289650,22714298,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Luigi,bugs everywhere
,Not Recommended,289650,22597453,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Panda,bad
76561198201111845,Not Recommended,289650,22667833,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,snakeboy264,It is hard to controll the graphis aer ok but his hair flys all over the screen.So I would not get it if I where you
76561198006673325,Not Recommended,289650,22511753,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,DeTobias,It does not work
,Not Recommended,289650,22605179,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ImAlfred_,TY ubisoft for the ♥♥♥♥♥torm
,Not Recommended,289650,19361656,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sensei Swag,wtf is this crap i hate it wwwwwwhhhyyyyy it lags it crashes i wasted 30$ on this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,289650,19399212,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Dr.Dragos,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄█▀▀███▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█████▀▀░▄▄▄░░░▄█░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░NO░░░░░░▄█▄██▄▀░░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░NO░░░░▄████▀░▀▀█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀▀█░░░░█▄░░░░░NO░░▄███▄▀▄█▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀░░░░░░░▄░█▄░░░░NO░░▀██▀▄█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▄█░░░░░░░░░█▀░░█░░░░NO░░██▀░░▀▀▄▄▄░░░░░░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░▀▀█▄█░░░░NO░░██░░░░░▄█▀▀▀▀█▄▄▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄█▀▀█░░░░NO░░██░░░░░█░░░▄▄░█▄░░░▄▀▀░░▀▀█▄░░░░░░█░░░NO░░██░░░░░░▀▄▄▀▀▄██░░██░░░██░░█░░█░░░█░░░NO░░██▄█▀░░░░░░▀▀░█░░▄█▀█▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░█░░░█░░░O░░█▀██▄░░░░░░░░░██▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░▀█▄▄█░░░NO░░▀████▄░░░░░▄▄█▀▀▀█▄▄░░▄█▀▀▀█▄░░░░█░░░░NO░░░▀████▄░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░█▄░░░░░░░░█░░░░░ON░░░░▀█▄███▄░░█░░░░░░░░█░░▀▄░░░░░▄█░░░░░░ON░░░░░░▀████▄░▀░░░░░░░░▀░░░▀▀░░▄█▀░░░░░░░NO░░░░░░░░▀████▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░█▀▄░█▀█░ON░░░░░░░░░░▀▀████▄▄▄▄▄▀█▄▄▄██▄░░░█░█░█▄█▄ONOONMoney Waste Simulator
76561198042501819,Not Recommended,289650,24996902,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,abhinn124,"Let me start out by saying, 'This is a very good game' but the problem is that UBISOFT have made this game. Therefore it inherits key UBISOFT features like---Sudden Lag--Sudden Crash(only when playing Dead Kings DLC though)--Glitched out characters--Multiplayer broken as ♥♥♥♥(which also happens to be a key component of the game apparently)--some othersThe game does have a nice story with much improved mechanics and combat then previous AC games but it often does not feel uniform. The Co-Op functionality of the game frequently refuses to work(ALL HAIL UBISOFT!). Despite submitting a ticket to Ubisoft about the issue, they simply didn't seem to care, in fact so much so that they did not even bother to reply(Now thats how you get a booming Fan Base).If you want to buy, buy it for the Single Player which is great by the way.I liked the game very much but I couldn't enjoy it.THANKS Ubi."
,Not Recommended,289650,26239067,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Soul,Sucks crashes a lot and keeps saying acu.exe stopped working
76561198037179192,Not Recommended,289650,13053736,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,wobbo,"This game is unplayable on my i5-4Ghz , 8GB Ram, radeon 280X. Moving with gamepad is unresponsible , going thru crowd is like going thru trees in forest . Iam really disaponted and this is last game what i bought from UBI to forever. I spend 60E for this joke and iam angry."
76561198178992603,Recommended,289650,14567446,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Assassinfan141,This game is great but im on a WINDOWS 8 so all of my settings have to be on low or off
76561198051905920,Not Recommended,289650,28765504,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,YourDaddySanta,"The game is good, but it seriously pisses me off how no matter how many times i try the mission where Arno and Bellec fight, i get stuck in an infinite loop of pressing E and can't progress. It's sad when you buy a game after 2 years of it being released and there are still bugs as large as this one. Not changing this review unless ubisoft decides to fix this."
,Not Recommended,289650,29339940,Posted: 18 January,all,Darkest Shade Of Knight,Maybe if it didn't crash every 10 minutes it would actually be playable
76561198007414743,Not Recommended,289650,13994538,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mr Kwong,"Now it's a pay to win (easily) RPG, you will have to grind missions for money to buy gear. Stuff are so expensive that it's  quite  hard to win without buying stuff. This is a RPG for Ubisoft to farm money, not a assassin's creed adventure game."
76561198067053212,Recommended,289650,16736076,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,✪﴾ISSE﴿✪,The game is very nice because u get to know how it was in the French Revolution and its' really nice to play with friends.By the way it's an easier way of learning the French Revolution.
76561197986527963,Not Recommended,289650,20621344,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bud,"2016 win 10, nvdia and intel build.  (its the first game in 10 years i cannot make work, 1st that isnt pirated.....This game will not work, 3 hours wasted trying de-bug. Ubisoft sent a no-reply mail asking for info...(no-reply)No refund since i brought with ACR and it took me 18 hours 2 complete.I didnt want 2 buy bcoz of reviews, but it was on sale. So it cost me 3$ a hours 2 play these 2 game.the DL is over 50go, so u can expect 2 have 2 increase ure limit.,"
,Recommended,289650,15303946,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Dr. Леонард бондарь,"This game requirement for graphics card is damn high, my alienware can only run at 30fps. Force me to upgrade my video card to 980m. I haven't finished the storyline yet, but as fan of assasin creed, I will give recommend first"
,Recommended,289650,15170542,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Buffalo,"Amazing graphics, voice acting and cool background story, some things to keep that seemed interesting were the online co-op features, thought it was very unstable in the beginning. Also the new detective mini games were fun and interesting addition. But as interesting unique mini games, a lot of the activities, as usual, become very repetitive and boring after a while, leaving a lot left undone since it doesn’t bring anything new to the game, but just a couple of costumes.Thought it took them a lot of time to make it 100% playable and having problems to maintaint a connection to the server to access all features, this functions become a little annoying after a while. The story is not the best from the franchise, but very enjoyable.7.6/10"
76561198296603950,Recommended,289650,34210537,Posted: 13 August,all,Night1005,Its ok AC game.
76561198104875606,Not Recommended,289650,23926647,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,darkmage79,Terribly Optimized. Should not be getting 10-20 FPS on a crossfired machine.
,Not Recommended,289650,24102830,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jake,"So, I've only been playing for about an hour and a half but I can already say the movement annoys me. I absoutely love the ability to run up buildings but somehow it feels so slow. Getting more into combat I was recently in a situation where I dodge roled while on a table and instead of rolling ya know... off the table, I roled to the edge and kept rolling in place allowing the enemies to easily kill me. Then to make things better the entire game crashed for the 5th time since I've started playing it..."
76561198080092771,Not Recommended,289650,22932327,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,LargeTurtleTipper,10/10 wont buy again. Loading screen got up to 20 fps
76561198096391033,Not Recommended,289650,21168352,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Daroth_Arsona,For a game that takes place in in France i found it unrealistic that the entire population of paris didnèt surrender to me.I rate 24 surrendering frenchies / 54
76561198076916518,Not Recommended,289650,14003685,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Colloid,Bug....Bug....Bug....Game of bug
76561198088859009,Not Recommended,289650,24785397,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,SaucySandwich,"You know Ubisoft, I'd Like to be wined and dined before I GET ♥♥♥♥ED! Paid $60. I cry every time"
,Not Recommended,289650,15402831,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Beowulf,I lost my saves because the game crashed and the texture was flickering and glitching my opinion don't buy this game...
,Not Recommended,289650,19742985,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,doodle,This is HONESTLY one of the WORST games I have played in a long time.Bad storyBad AIBad bugs
76561198135121554,Not Recommended,289650,24984135,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,TheSilentStorm,"Not the best installment in the franchise. I finally bought this game in the hopes all of the bugs and eprformance issues would have been fixed. They are for the most part. Its still a stupidly demanding game...WAY too many NPCs. The story is interesting at first but it soons gets pretty boring. I was kind of itnerested in the relationship between Arno and Elise, but even that was pretty dull. They also changed teh combat quite a bit from previosu games, and personally, I really didn't like it. Made everything harder."
76561198129283833,Recommended,289650,35330574,Posted: 30 September,all,.-*-STARBOY-*-.,the game is great offline and awesome online :)
76561198161453525,Not Recommended,289650,24129399,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,HiImDefg,"The graphics is awesome, but i cant play it crashes everytime!"
76561198012321191,Not Recommended,289650,23879147,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Joe.Dory,Seriously buggy...
,Not Recommended,289650,23876613,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,fesh,"what is was like waiting for optimisation:Can we get a response?ok, bye"
76561198008446346,Not Recommended,289650,12994894,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,realninja,"after patch 4 it is still very laggy on any setting, and my computer is above min.Go and bury this♥♥♥♥♥♥in the desert next to E.T.Maybe if u have a nasa computer its worth getting when the price is 4€.---------------------8<-------------------"
,Recommended,289650,35389056,Posted: 1 October,all,dalhalla,sick
,Not Recommended,289650,29451147,Posted: 23 January,all,jemaddux,...............
,Not Recommended,289650,30750200,Posted: 26 March,all,//Vánagandr.hnd,This is hardly even an Assassin's Creed game. That's all that really needs to be said.I honestly don't know how they could of possibly of gone from rogue to this pile of garbage.
76561198333018077,Not Recommended,289650,34094146,Posted: 7 August,all,bsox2000,"keeps on craching, lagging, and heir are an infinite amount gliches these factors ruin the game entirly"
,Not Recommended,289650,24169537,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Justin,>Can't run like sonic with the hidden blades out2/10
,Recommended,289650,14043610,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,|WmP| WondΞRLɅnd,"Hello everyone, sit down, and let me tell you a story of glitchy Assassins and even more glitchy Templars.Since the beginning of time, the PC master race has been criticizing consoles for holding PC back from its true gaming potential. Well, here you go PC elitists, a game that can push even the strongest PCs past their breaking points.Let me start off by saying that Assassin’s Creed Unity is not a perfect game, far from it. It has been plagued by bugs from the beginning, and, lesbehonest, Ubisoft hasn’t done a very stellar job in fixing them.But all of those minor bugs and glitches are nothing compared to the problem that has rustled the jimmies of many an Assassin, including myself. Performance. ACU is a BEAST to run. Just take a glance at the system requirements and you can tell that it takes some serious GPU power to run this monster. But who gives a crap about system requirements? Let’s talk about benchmarks.If you’re looking to run ACU at 4K resolutions, don’t. Just… don’t. Not even with dual gtx 970s, with averages of 22 FPS, and an absolutley dreadful a minimum of 5. With 4K out of the question, it’s time to start lowering settings. The same can be said for QHD, with the 970s in SLI almost, but not quite, reaching the coveted 30 FPS minimum. My conclusion? 99.99% of people looking to play ACU will need to do so at 1080p. *gasp*If you want to read more benchmarks, here’s a good site I found:BenchmarksEven at 1080p, if you’re looking to run this game on ultra, it will still require some serious GPU heat. I bought ACU thinking that my r9 270 would be able to run it just fine. (I based this assumption upon the fact that I was able to max out Black Flag without any problems whatsoever) I was very, very wrong. I had to lower everything as much as possible and apply the maximum stable overclock I could to even make it playable. So, as any gamer would, I began shopping around for a new video card. Anyways, two-day Amazon Prime shipping and 400 dollars later, I found myself with an r9 290x. Now I can play the game with a minor overclock at high and ultra settings with very few performance problems.My current rig:AMD FX-6350R9 290X2 x 4GB RAM6 x 500GB HDD in a raid 0Windows 8.1Here’s the truth: ACU requires more much GPU power than any other game at the moment. However, it is also one of the best looking, if not THE best looking game of all time. As long as you don’t pay attention to character’s hair (it’s under a hood most of the time anyways) the graphics of this game will blow you away GUARANTEED.  The reality is, you will need to invest in a quality GPU in order to get to enjoy it’s full potential.I’m not saying that it isn’t an enjoyable game at low settings, however. It does have its fair share of bugs and glitches, but the core concept of Assassin’s Creed is still enjoyable as hell. The new fighting mechanics are fantastic, previous ACU titles have simply required you to mash mouse 1 when surrounded by 30 enemies and they’d all be dead in a minute. In ACU, even with legendary items and mad skillz, you will die if surrounded by 6 or more enemies, bringing the game back to its stealthy roots. The enjoyment of jumping off buildings and commiting general badassery is still there, now it just requires skill.In conclusion, ACU is a gorgeous game, although it will take a serious GPU to run it. The game is still enjoyable as hell and is a solid addition to the Assassin’s Creed franchise.Update: I'm just looking at the other reviews and... uh.... yeah. I'd like to adress a few more things. Microtransactions. I believe that it's safe to say that we all hate them, but a lot of people hate them for the wrong reasons. Tell me if I'm wrong, but, I feel like quite a few people don't like microtransactions becase it means that the items and prestige that you worked so hard for can be obtained by some rich schmuck with minimal effort, making your time investment worthless. To those people, I ask, who cares? If you measure your own self-worth on how badass your gear is in video games, you have much larger problems than micro-transactions. The whole microtransaction thing does bring up some VERY important questions, though. It shows that Ubisoft is becoming *cough cough* EA *cough cough* 'nuff said. This does make me genuinely concerned,  and if Ubi were to continue down this path, I believe that AC Victory is in serious jeopardy.Also, many of the other reviews have been written by people who played the game for five minutes, witnessed the optimisation issues, and immidiately wrote this game off as a disgrace to the AC franchise. There are some, though, who have put some serious time into the game, ad those are the ones that raise some valid concerns. Performance, microtransactions, bugs etc. I did my best to adress those in my review, if not, please let me know :)"
,Recommended,289650,13631960,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LW117,"I think this is a good game because of its interesting story. But, it isn's optimized very well."
,Recommended,289650,14247238,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,TrapPhoon,I think its well worth £45 Great game. Sadly im a little billy-no-mates when it comes to co-op haha.The Graphics are so great it makes me cryThe lag is so little nowAnd Character Customization is so good i honestly think ive spent more time customizing my Player more than playing the acctual gameIf you're not sure your PC can handle it than go herehttp://www.systemrequirementslab.com/cyriMy PC speccs (I can play on High-Ultra)AMD FX-630016.0GB Dual-Channel DDR3ASUSTeK COMPUTER INC. M5A97 LE R2.03072MB ATI AMD Radeon R9 200 SeriesOk if unity does not load or crashes at the loading screan when you first started playing it.Go into ubisoft settings and tick (Start in offline Mode).Then Find your Ubisoft folderComputer/:C/Program Files x86/Ubisoft/Ubisoft Game LauncherGo into your savegamesIf one folder) = Open the folder and search for 857If mutiple folders) = Open all folders and look for 857From there you Delete all you're savesThan In steam  Go to the Library tab in Steam and select the game (DONT RUN IT)Right Click on the game and click on PropertiesSelect the Local Files tabClick on Verify Integrity of Game CacheWait for Steam to validate your game’s install if it finds anything wrong with it those files will be re-downloaded and installed.Click play and Steam will re-install and launch ACU with (Hopefully) No problem!
,Not Recommended,289650,32056728,Posted: 29 May,all,EHHH,Combat : SucksClimb : SucksStory : SucksOptimization : SuckssssssssssI won't buy AssAssIn's Creed anymore
,Recommended,289650,13094903,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Neto,"This game is awesome, I'm playing it on a i5 3570k, GTX 970 4GB and 8Gb RAM and it plays smoothly. When I finish it I'll write a proper review, just as I did with Black Flag. Do not trust the haters reviews."
76561198061174820,Recommended,289650,14134783,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Buddy™,"This game is very fun. I have enjoyed it for the many hours that I have played it. At first the game was god awful it lagged all the time, the frame rate was awful, I would fall through the world then die, and one of the best parts about the game the muliplayer didn't work! They have fixed all that (well only a few things are bad) Club competions work, the online mode works, and no more lag(very little now). I would recommend buying this game now because when it came out I was very upset. Since the DLC(Dead Kings) has come out I think it makes the game more enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,289650,12892994,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Lgm00,2 gtx690s runs like hellevery 5 seconds its seems like it cuts off the process and reloads it againway to ♥♥♥♥ us over again ubisoft
,Not Recommended,289650,12892459,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SerNoa,Every time i try to start the prolouge it crashes
76561198048019379,Recommended,289650,14142067,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BonaNox,Omg all these negative comments !!well on my part i love this game looks awesome runs really smooth om my I7 4790K with Gtx 980 classified from evga 16 gb corsair Ram no problems at all Great Game Thanks !!!
,Recommended,289650,14191547,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Forzane,love love love this game and series
76561198132135433,Not Recommended,289650,13810361,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Louise Belcher from Bob'sBurgers,"This is my revised review, the game is hands DOWN TRASH! Laggy, unoptimized, this isn't. I don't.THIS IS NOT TYPING ENOUGH! I AM AT A LOSS FOR HOW CRAP LIKE THIS KEEPS GETTINGSHOVELED ON THE PUBLIC!!!!!! This game was CLEARLY rushed, that is an understatement.THE FRAME RATE DROPS HAVE FRAME RATE DROPS! It is like Ubicrap took a page from thatrapper on, ""pimp my ride"" and said, ""Yo dog, I heard you like frame rate drops, dog we PUT FRAMERATE DROPS, on those frame rate drops, AWW SNAP ♥♥♥♥♥! AWE NAW!"" This game is HORRID!Challenging combat? Yeah, because the lag results in me DYING NONSTOP! Calling his gamegarbage, well, that is the centuries BIGGEST understatement. Takes me an hour to get around themap, not because of the size, but because of the frame drops. I hope ubicrap never names their kid,""Frames Per Second"" , seeming as they would drop the poor thing constantly. Assassin's Greed:Screwing me is what this game should be called, I would ask for my cash back, but I have a betterchance of Barak Obama NOT doing something that makes me hate to be an American. I mean thatguy screwed up his presidency, as much as ubicrap messes up their games. People only defend himbecause he is black, and they are scared to oppose him, or it is, ""racism"" just like the people likeubicrap because they are black... Flag. Ha, got you, you thought it was a race joke! All merrimentaside, I only joke so much to keep a synonomous nature with this game! IT IS A JOKE!I effectively paid someone $40 too heave out a bowel movement on me. Sorry if my spacingaggravates by the way, I only wish to help people read this better. This game, IS GARBAGE! IT ISTRASH, WORTHLESS, FECES, REFUSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stop buying games from lazydevelopers!!!!!  I am DONE with Ubicrap now! EA, and a few other companies. I will only buy actualQUALITY products, or nothing at ALL from them. I only bought, ""Mirror's Edge"" and my PS4 copy of,""Dragon Age Inquisition"" from EA. I also WAIT to buy DLC, unless it is QUALITY maps, modes,etcetera! We as a gaming community WHOLE need to be more stringent, and tight with our money.I cannot believe there are people that defend this crap company. COME ON! No matter HOW GOODyou think the game is! THIS IS INEXCUSABLE! People are defending a broken game, with an okaystory. I am done with Assassin's Creed. I am done with Ubicrap, I am DONE with, ""Electronic Tarts"" Iam done with buying ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games now. This is ridiculous, I am actually cursing, and throwing aroundunbridled obscenities. Save your money, for god's SAKE, save your money. THE START UPSCREEN LAGS! What does THAT tell you? THE DAMN START UP SCREEN LAGS, YOUR MOUSEWHEN YOU SELECT OPTIONS, LAGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It actually somewhat takes talent for lagto have lag."
,Not Recommended,289650,12971923,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Holyman,UPDATE THE BUGGS AND FIX ALL THE PROBLEMS THAT HAPPEND AND FIX IT SO I CAN PLAY (i played untill 9% now i can't start the game) so FIX IT !!!!
,Recommended,289650,32493519,Posted: 16 June,all,Centgarcia413,All Assassin's Creed games are great! PERIOD!
76561198133985616,Recommended,289650,19970100,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MC Skywalker,i liked it
76561198060270389,Not Recommended,289650,35156525,Posted: 23 September,all,LizardWithAHat,still huge amount of graphical errors in this game
76561197982501849,Not Recommended,289650,13989979,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,SweetGrapes,Meh...
,Recommended,289650,14077047,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,The Rank King,Very nice game with surprisingly low glitches now as long as you have high end gpu to run it
81145548111548111,Not Recommended,289650,23844318,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TANNER811,"it horriblle, game crashed constantly and i got stutters for days when the game did work."
,Recommended,289650,18364363,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,"Sum, Esse, Fui, Futurus","This was 2014 in a nutshell for me. I was so eager to play this game, I pre-ordered it on PC even though I had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC. The game ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥but I didn't care. Despite the glitches and lag, It was pretty fun to play. This game also kinda ruined my life, I spent a lot of money on this game. I paid for a video card that my computer couldn't handle so I had to wait a couple of months to buy the necessary parts to fix my PC. During those times I really missed my PC, I missed playing Unity and at the same time I was blaming it. When I finally fixed my PC, I just played Unity nonstop, my save got wiped and I had to redo everything but It was fine. I finally played it the way I wanted to. I have 200+ hours in this game.To sum it all up, This game was great, its very nolstagic to me. The people who say otherwise are probably idiots who haven't even played the game are just hopping on the ""UbiShit"" bandwagon. And to the people who actually have played the game, they don't get to judge either, they probably only played for 3 hours and didn't even finish the story mode or get to the side activities or even the co-op, you don't get to judge, when you reach my level of hours then you get to.Keep this is mind, there's a lot of people who play unity, theres even someone who hasnearly 800 hours on this game"
76561198030030425,Not Recommended,289650,25139815,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,Worst AC game i ever played
76561198054510467,Not Recommended,289650,28743056,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,shadowfaxe7,"AC Unity is an embarrassment - even after all this time. And it could have been so good! That's what really hurts... the fact that - under all this steaming CRAP - you get the sense of a feeling that you SHOULD be enjoying this. But all you'll have (usually starting about halfway through) is this overwhelming sensation of WHEN THE ♥♥♥♥ WILL THIS BE OVER?!?!?!Let's start with the story - it's your usual Batman story with a French twist. The only real difference being that instead of YOUR character being obsessed with vengeance... it's this mouthy French tart who you CONSTANTLY have to save - much to her objection because she doesn't NEED to be saved. She's a Goddamn Templar, ♥♥♥♥♥! Your character's sole defining trait is that he WANTS to get in her pants because his carelessness cost her someone she loved. That's it. Apart from one very cute scene involving a mongolfiere; there is NEVER any REAL reciprication of this love because the Goddamn Templar ♥♥♥♥♥ is too busy seeking vengeance. Enter the supporting cast - the Templars and Assassins in this story have NO RIGHT to call themselves Templars and Assassins. What should have been a FASCINATING premise (the french revolution has led to the two factions calling for a cease-fire) is chucked out the window the minute the Templar leadership goes into a shakeup. Further, not only are the rest of the Assassin's upset (shall we say) at the current enforcement of the status quo; but they then proceed to have their own 'shakeup' when one of the Assassin leaders goes rogue and almost wipes everyone out! Best of all - when your character STOPS Mr. Crazy-Assassin from slaughtering everyone; he's PUNISHED! Turns out that the rest of the leaders who survived Crazy-Assassin don't LIKE your character - further; this isn't even RESOLVED in the story! I'm serious! By the end of the story we're just left to ASSUME our character get's back together with his true love (re: the crazy-as-♥♥♥♥ top secret murder cult) because... he's... supposed to. And if that isn't enough for you - in the DLC story - one little weird dream and a few trips underground with a mouthy♥♥♥♥♥brat and your character decides he's not only going to go on being an assassin - oh no! He's going to be the Hero France needs! The whole arc is INSANELY cringe-worthy -  and leaves you finishing the game just to say you finished it.Then we come to the combat - yeah; it's still AC combat. But it's been given a... fun? Twist... EVERYONE has a gun. No, I'm not kidding, EVERYONE has a gun. The guy in the street has a gun. The guy you've been sent to kill has a gun. That woman with thirty petticoats has a gun. That guy who just got his head chopped off - YES! Even HE has a gun. So what's the obvious solution? Smoke bombs... so many smoke bombs. I want to get my hands on the guy who thought that making smoke bombs practically required would 'shake up' traditional AC combat. Further, we have new weapons - you want to slowly swing an axe and realize that you can be countered by everyone with a sword? You can do that. You want to stab with a spear and find out your smoke bombs are nearly useless because you then have to close the gap between you and your target? You can do that too! Best of all, thanks to the FreeLC Dead Kings - you get a mortar axe! A huge♥♥♥♥♥gun... with an axe-head on it. AC Rogue introduced a neat psuedo-historical weapon called the Air Rifle that could be fitted with a tank that would launch grenades. ACU gives us a gun with an axe-head on it that is not only NOT psuedo-historical; it's also stupid looking and ranges from near-useless to death-wish to overpowered-if-used-in-the-right-situation.Want to talk about crafting? There is no crafting. Everything is done through skills and leveling up. As if the grind-fest that ACU is known for wasn't already bad enough - they make it EXTRA FUN by adding in MORE grinding. Grinding that can be side-stepped for only a few dollars... or a♥♥♥♥♥♥TON of hours for the same price.Want to talk about ship combat? There is no ship-combat. There are no ships. For old-school AC fans this is no big loss - for the rest of us there's the earlier games to play for ship combat. Their lack of presence, however, should be filled with something equally enjoyable. AC Rogue, and a few other AC games, had bases you could clear out which would net you regenerating profits. ACU tries to follow that premise in the form of 'clubs'. Of couse, you'd automatically assume, that you clear these clubs out from evil people and then take them over. No. You buy the land they're sitting on and you own them. You're fighting against the Templars and the instutitions they stand for... by making your own institution. Then, once you've done your taxes (AC taxes just doesn't sound as cool as AC pirates, sorry) you get these clubs. You know what you do in them or with them then? Nothing. You can hang out with the npcs on the ground floor - but they don't migrate to the upper floors. So your left with these three-quarter empty buildings that serve no purpose but to generate a TINY profit for you. I think that ♥♥♥♥ing butler is skimming my books, personally. Best of all, the main club-hub, your club-hub (and basically the French version of Wayne Manor) has MORE stuff you can unlock. MORE nearly worthless quests you can unlock... by paying MORE money. Not through combat or through the story or through crafting or any OTHER method to unlock... but through money. Are you starting to notice a theme here?As I mentioned before, with the removal of sea combat, there should be something to fill the gap. Further, there should be a REASON this game is called Unity (France is tearing itself apart. The Templars are tearing themselves apart. The Assassins are tearing themselves apart. French Batman and the Goddamn Templar ♥♥♥♥♥ are tearing themselves apart - Unity? Where?!) Ubisoft(in the head) decided that the way to fill that gap was through clubs AND (wait for it kids) inworld multiplayer. Great. Combining the MMO playerbase and the AC playerbase - two of the MOST vitriolic and ♥♥♥♥♥y fanbases in the whole of the gaming community (I reckon the only way they could have made a WORSE choice would have been trying to find a way to throw the FPS fans in there) and you've lumped them together in one game through content that unlocks some of the best armor. Some of the best weapons. Some of the best costumes - and guess what! If you want to get all that stuff WITHOUT playing the same mission over and over? You HAVE to group!!! Unless you want to play the same mission three or four times - you HAVE to group. Because, if you don't, the missions are set up to fail your♥♥♥♥♥in some way or another that keeps you from getting the maximum rewards. So, instead of playing with three or four players, you're playing FOR three or four players.This brings me to the BIGGEST problem with this game. Do you like to be about half-way done with a mission and then start over? Do you like to fall through the worldspace? Do you like a mission objective simply not starting? Do you like NPC's not spawning? Do you like getting stuck at the loading-saving-loading-saving-loading-saving screen? Do you like being forced to group with people only to have the mission glitch out or your partner(s) getting kicked for no reason? If so - this is the game for you. I think Honest Trailers said it best when they dubbed this game 'Assassin's Creed: We'll Fix it Later' because (even after TWO YEARS) there are STILL game-breaking bugs in this game. And a special mention should go to the Dead Kings FLC for the most 'drop-to-desktop' crashes. Stuff that should have been fixed pre-launch (if not post-launch) and is STILL a problem is STILL present in something that was sold as a triple-A title. Seriously, for your mental health, unless your are a sadist or a die-hard fan avoid this game. Go play AC3 - it's a rough gem... but at least it can shine. This 'thing' is a turd. Pure and simple."
,Recommended,289650,13565781,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,✪ 冰淇淋(Martin),I love the co op and the story is very interesting :D
,Recommended,289650,13567471,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Zeckeman,"Intro scuks a bit, but when you get used to (sometimes buggy) controls it makes a lot of fun!Great Coop integration :)"
76561198136080920,Recommended,289650,13960346,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dracula,first of all    i saw all the other previews and almost all of them are NOT RECOMMENDED           im here and im playing  ACU    and i dont see any ♥♥♥♥ing problem in it        all i see is just some guys who use AMD drivers which are not supported drivers complaining about the game is laggy and full of bugs           i have 12 GB of ram  core i7 4770 and a GTX760 and i can run the game at 60 FPS at max settings   i only needed to get the resolution down to 1360x768 just to get the full 60            cuz i was getting 40 FPS at 1920x1020          so   UBISOFT made a realy great work on this game         i realy love AC series    AND i realy love this game        the game is clear and pure with me      i even play it at 3DTV PLAY     im enjoing the game           but i know why other suffer from bugs and lags       they use AMD as a GPU and a CPU      and they might not have not updated their Nvidea driver       last update is for ACU      and UBISOFT already realsed 3 patches for this game     so i gotta say the problem have to be yours    NOT THE GAME
,Recommended,289650,15768325,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,birre,Love ittttttttttt!!!
76561198075939908,Not Recommended,289650,35124121,Posted: 22 September,all,Dicktastic,"I am sitting here writing this review while my character is dying by a gun shot as there is nothing i can do about it. Walk down the street, nope can't do that the sniper will see you from accross ♥♥♥♥ing town. Sneak your way through nope everyone is up to date on their eye exams youll be seen no matter what. Oh and level progression, i don't think ubi♥♥♥♥♥♥knows what that is they have horride stealth and even worse ways to defend yourself in combat.So i present to you the new assassins creed: Dying simulatorBy the way im just a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of little♥♥♥♥♥♥so don't pay any attention to my rammblings."
,Not Recommended,289650,12940139,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,GOKU BURACKU,"game always crashes, the frame rate is really low. I played freedom cry with highest resolution and the game runs smoothly, please fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥UBISOFT. I feel like i just wasted 60 dollars on this crap"
,Not Recommended,289650,13134848,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,KopHuLLloH,"Ok I never did this review stuff before but I'm so disappointed with it that I just can't be silent.*More than 2 weeks in and there are still people flying above the streets and little things like that...*Weak storyline and soundtrack.*Many useful things had been cut off. None usefull things had been added IMO. Or am I the only one who thinks so?*Bunch of really dumb skills*Microtranscations even! And I'm pretty sure there are DLCs ahead. I think this is too much for an incomplete product. And yes, for me it's an incomplete product.*Thieves and bandits EVERY 5 METERS. And game want you to stop/kill them. Come on, this is just annoying!*Dumb AI that STILL can't see things you are doing like in front of their faces. Next Gen?This game lacks many things its predecessors had and adds pretty much nothing new...I really hope Rainbow Six: Siege won't be as bad as this one or it will be the last Ubisoft game I buy.... :/"
76561198143571239,Recommended,289650,13704853,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,cheese wiz,"I'm playing this game on a pc that would've been considered one of the most powerful about 2 years ago, the game works and I certainly enjoy it so far."
76561198079731858,Not Recommended,289650,13174600,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sk,Bad than AC 3!
76561198151470087,Recommended,289650,16711084,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,masecraft11,i thought this game was awesome and if you hate thats fine i dont mindits your opinion but i liked it
,Recommended,289650,14055533,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,The... DANGER ZONE!,I have a i5 4790k and a GTX 970 and this game runs like a dream at ultra settings Co-Op is a bit hit and miss but haven't encountered any gamebreaking bugs yet
,Not Recommended,289650,28895506,Posted: 1 January,all,брат Майк,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEI made a mistake thinking that this game was bug/glitch/crash freebut i was wrong, i crash every 10-15 minutes for an unknown reasonDO NOT BUY THIS GAMEEVEN IN SALES"
76561198201271111,Not Recommended,289650,28300365,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Tuman,"10th!!!!. ALL of BULLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSHIT, Ubi perfectly defines what ""buying bug, reward A game""....... Sucks!!!"
76561198086791194,Not Recommended,289650,28553369,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Seikara,"Please for the love of god DO NOT spend your hard earned money on this awful game. Fanboys would have bought it already without hesitation, but if you're new to the franchise, then I HIGHLY recommend you buy any game from the Ezio trilogy or Black Flag and avoid the rest like the Zika virus."
,Not Recommended,289650,30198417,Posted: 26 February,all,crusher3098,TERRIBLE
76561198236026878,Not Recommended,289650,23940160,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Gold3n3agl3,i DONT HAVE MY CODE!!!! i cant play assasins creed unity
,Recommended,289650,33082642,Posted: 1 July,all,lamo.,my bae
76561198156215344,Not Recommended,289650,20010080,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Colonel Narwhal Bets.gg,nope
76561198170413493,Not Recommended,289650,14901961,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,greenbaypackerbacker1=1,game cant get past login dont buy
,Not Recommended,289650,29446390,Posted: 23 January,all,Beornwahl,WTF!!!!!?!?!?!?WHY IS MY ♥♥♥♥ING PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME IN RUSSIAN!?!?!?!?!?!?!I DON'T LIVE IN RUSSIA!!!I DID'T BUT A RUSSIAN VERSION!!!! I BOUGHT IT ON ♥♥♥♥ING STEAM!!!!!WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥?!?!?!?!!?
76561198141193417,Recommended,289650,15781505,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,RequiesNinja,"Recommend? Yes, but only because Steam doesn't have an ""Meh"" option.Honestly I think its a fun game, not as good as Black Flag but better than the Ezio trilogy.So onto the pros and cons...because whats a review without it rightPros:-Movement system is much smoother than in previous installments, difficult at first to get used to it, but works very well-Graphics are very impressive-The main story is fairly immersing-Player equipment system is very well done, lots of weapons and armor to choose from-Plenty of side activities to get distracted withCons:-No hunting or crafting-Is a much smaller open world-Multi-player system is apsolutely atrocious-During chases, Arno develops a certain (highly annoying) ""stickiness"" to the environment which causes him to climb on top of an obstacle (such as a crate in the middle of a market place) instead of just running past it, this ultimately just makes you slow down and makes the chases last longer.So there it is... This game is perfectly balanced between a good and bad gameplay experience in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,289650,34513223,Posted: 26 August,all,MRPaden,"Game opened on my PC, kinda. Played at a playable but low framerate despite bringing all settings down. And then I tried to stream it... what a disaster. I've played FMV games from the early 90s that played nicer with OBS than this game. Big fail for Ubisoft. I hope I can track a decent copy of this on console to at least complete my playthrough. If you aren't a completionist like me, skip this. Either way, skip the PC port.Edit: Playing on PS4. Runs better but still filled with tons of bugs. Not just fun bugs either, bugs that cause missions restarts. However, if you can get beyond that. The story and world is probably the most immersive of the series I've played so far. The customization options for the character are very cool too.However, they decided to remove the ability to pet dogs in this version. Not sure why. Negative review stands. PC port still stinks too."
,Recommended,289650,14526514,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Lamenth,Don't buy Burger King whenyou;re drunk because you feel like you have to throw up.
76561198170226914,Not Recommended,289650,28417680,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TheDeathHound,"i thought it would be good because i have the game on xbox one, but it is really bad"
76561198106059324,Not Recommended,289650,29437128,Posted: 22 January,all,God guides you,"do not buy this game,this game can not run in win 10,my ACU can only run 15mins ,then quit"
,Not Recommended,289650,15562782,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Aesu,Assassins creed Rogue plays MUCH better as this... was this created on the same crap engine as was used for Watchdogs? Please please please stop doing that!
,Not Recommended,289650,14893139,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mekke,"I love-d the Assassin Creed series. This guy is the uttermost junk. I think i smashed at least a dozen keyboards against the wall and my kid has become the most well-versed cursing machine known to man just by watching me attempt to play. The parlour is good, according to some reviewers. Well, it is junk I say! It is utter demoralizing to run up the windows instead of through. Sure I might need practice, but if you are just testing the mechanic and standing right in the middle and trying to go through, and you still can't. Well I say take your game and shove it so far up to where the sun never shines that you get an acid reflux from too much unity!I played several hours to see if I could get past it. But nope, I'm done."
76561198126627246,Not Recommended,289650,13167538,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Macaroni Grille,"this game sucked, i'm sorry, but it really did, true there is a MASSIVE sandbox, but it's too much for the player to even do. There comes a point where you have to do So much stuff , it gets challenging and you forget what you are doing in the first place. Don't waste your money, get it for the console."
,Not Recommended,289650,14895760,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Shuru10,"I don't even know if I should write a review considering that I can only get through 3 minutes of gameplay without it closing down on me. But even WITH Patch 5, the players still have hair flying about in all directions and the mouse sensitivity is out of control on this game."
,Not Recommended,289650,13420858,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,WebMerchant666,Plays on high for a couple hours until it crashes.Who knows if it's actually a good game?My specs:i7 Core 3770-k32gb ramGeFore Gtx 670
76561198020312286,Not Recommended,289650,13966394,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DragonShade,Paid full price for the game and it wont even load to where I can play it. Do Not Buy This Game.
,Not Recommended,289650,13207121,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,michaelwhissel,"Waste of money and time: 3 out of 10.Relies on riddles and puzzles. The regular Assassin's Creed gameplay we are used to is gone. What remains is a sick, putrid shadow of past games.I have every Assassin's Creed game since the original. This is not only the worst Assassin's Creed game; it is the worst game I have every played (that's saying a lot since I've been a gamer since the original DOOM days).The game is beautiful, yes. But, the gameplay is near-incomprehensible and tedious as hell.Whereas previous Assassin's Creed game projects hired people to ensure that the game provides a sense of purpose while going through the game's world, this one apparently went lower budget. The result is endless disconnected riddles and puzzles rather than a rich Assassin's Creed game experience.For example, you find symbols on walls or the ground; the symbols bear riddles in verse; the player is supposed to figure out what the hell they mean and run to some distant part of the city and climb up and touch whatever the riddle refers to (for example, a clock on a tower on some building -- how the hell are you supposedd to figure that out??).As another example, this is the lock picking: a  line bounces up and down VERY quickly in a quarter-inch wide tube (one to three times per second, round trip!). As time runs down, the player has to hit the spacebar in an attempt to get the line to stop within a narrow band within the tube (an eigth to quarter inch thick band). Miss and you lose a lockpick (you almost always miss unless you get freakishly lucky).Moreover, things happen without reason. Many times already, I found myself in circumstances with no idea what was going on, why things were happening, or what to do next.With the previous Assassin's Creed Games, you had to pry the game out of my fingers when it was time to give it up for the night. But, with this one, I put it down long before I need to--and feel bad because I realize how little enjoyment I got for my time.I really do not want to go back to it (REALLY). But I will (1) because I paid for it, and (2) because it is beautiful, and (3) because I hope some redeeming value will surface at some point. I am around 10 percent through it and find nothing to recommend except the eye candy.If you are hoping for another Asassins Creed Black Flag, forget it. This is not it. This one is a turd."
76561198081441041,Not Recommended,289650,23009950,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kiro,Broken. Just plain broken.
76561198183607229,Not Recommended,289650,17753183,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Rick-C137,i just got the game and just after the intro when you select the first mission as soon as the mission is done loading iit crashes and say acu has stopped workingdoes anyone  know what i shoud do ?
,Recommended,289650,16528250,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Azzally,Brilliant
76561198063472034,Recommended,289650,14792857,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,★Phat Molly★,pretty good if your comp can run it
76561197978151384,Not Recommended,289650,19337298,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,My Cocaine,Shity
76561198049942992,Recommended,289650,18343184,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,joserodric,Amazing  game.I love it!!!!Some litlle bugs someytimes but this game is very good.5 stars
76561197999113373,Not Recommended,289650,16345881,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,)Monopoly,"This game is by far the worse game i will play in my life time i cant even think of anything worse then this. i knew this game was going to be bad, i only bought for the sake of playing the other assassin creed games but jeez nothing will parpare you for how♥♥♥♥♥♥this game isNot even worth playing if it was giving out for free save your time for better things just dont buy this game."
76561198205378284,Recommended,289650,30540259,Posted: 16 March,all,Herdn26,Good Gameee!
,Not Recommended,289650,22098521,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Squid WORD C137,Wish the multiplayer worked....
76561198147702381,Not Recommended,289650,21547956,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Taka,the itself is garbage but not the series thou
76561198081552392,Recommended,289650,15542300,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,alexkhvorov,"Kickass Paris!Seen her and died... manyNextgen everything, a must have for everyone"
76561198254421135,Not Recommended,289650,28101535,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,BANANAMAN,I don't why but when I play the game I had like 7-20 FPS although I'm using a GTX 1060.Can someone help me with this
,Not Recommended,289650,16711057,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,lilbuffy,"I wanted my powerpoint presentation to change slides more frequently so I lowered the graphics.Everyone turned into Bon Jovi and started spinning their hair.10/10 would pre order every assassin's creed and love every one of their games until after receiving this one.Can't wait for syndicate to come out, long live the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥:DDDDDD!!!! Ubisoft will never make a penny off me again."
76561198099318827,Not Recommended,289650,17063976,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Boinz,>kills a guard>kills another guard>two other guards come>they beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me>i ragequit
,Recommended,289650,20225941,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ShhhQuietNow,Unity gets bad reviews because Ubisoft finally made a game that requires skill. People are upset because the game is much harder than pervious ones. This game is in my list of top assassins creed games and I have played the whole series. Great job Ubisoft!
76561198281782644,Recommended,289650,34241038,Posted: 14 August,all,theflash 0001,no get free
,Not Recommended,289650,14929592,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Wryme,It's trash.
76561198265664140,Recommended,289650,29143547,Posted: 9 January,all,Astro Boy [◣◢],The game is perfect. Best Game !
,Not Recommended,289650,30603766,Posted: 18 March,all,Ghosty1705,"I liked the game, but it's really the black sheep of the AC franchise. It really didnt do much for the series. But hey, atleast Ubi can use this game to see what works and what doesnt."
76561198052000169,Not Recommended,289650,28108545,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Andreas,"The game would be nice... if it weren't for that stupid Uplay ^#%#@ It takes forever to check for updates, then to connect, then to sync and what not... You waste more time connecting than playing the game."
76561198057601324,Recommended,289650,13107415,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,VonWolfenstein,"Quick and Dirty:***DO NOT BELIEVE THE FLAMERS WHO HAVE RAGE BOMBED THIS GAME DOWN TO AN UNDERSERVING SCORE******YOU NEED A FAIRLY POWERFUL GPU TO PROPERLY ENJOY THIS GAME WITH LITTLE TO NO ISSUES***Assassin's Creed Unity is the best game yet to come out of the AC franchise. With two hundred + hours of total play time between the previous two AC games, I can easily say that Unity beats both AC3 and Black Flag in any measurable contest. If you like the style of game, you should love this one.I have seen very little issues as far as glitches. The only exception is the ocassional ragdoll effect on a downed enemy gets a little excited. It seems that this game is guilty of only one thing: It is poorly optimised. So if you have a slower/older rig or are trying to play it on a console (*sigh), you may have problems running it at a reasonable frame rate and/or glitch free.Long and Boring:1) The graphics!...oh god the graphics!! They're absolutely gorgeous maxed out... but it's always the little things that make it truly great:Amazing PhysX application- Makes for a lot of great enemy/NPC dynamics in fights and death scenes.- Awesome light play off particles in the air gives the atmosphere a real life quality- Motion of clothing looks incredible. It really looks like the characters are wearing the clothes (not just skins that flap around when you move).2) The volume of people that move around and gather together in huge crowds will amaze you. Seeing several hundred fully rendered and independant civilians all in the same place is one of the coolest parts of this game. Lots of games do crowds, I get that, but it's a sight to see how these masses of people are done in AC Unity.3) The ""RPG"" element that Ubisoft put into this game is essentially BS. It's largely a super nerfed and vanilla form of an RPG concept. However, it's a welcome development coming from a franchise that had essentially no prior character development (besides weapons and gear). The reality is that you will eventually have every skill you want and in fairly little time. The only real decision ends up being which skills you want first. There is no personel development to the character, just skill unlocks. This makes for a very minor overall impact to your play style and ultimately goes unoticed as a feature in this game. It's a fun little perk, but largely useless. At least it doesn't make the game worse?AC has never been about the RPG style of play, so this is hardly a fair criticism. To me, it really seems like this is the kind of game that could do very well if given more depth. It would definitly be more satisfying to spend time playing (or replaying for that matter). So although it was a bit of a cheeseball effort, I give Ubisoft a big thumbs up for even trying to move AC in the right direction.4) The fighting is defenitly harder in AC Unity than in previous games, so that's a plus. However, with no difficulty adjustment, it can become too easy as you progress in power and skill throughout the game.- Weapons have a parry skill that gets better as they increase in cost, meaning you can't necessarily parry every attack when you first begin. Dodging/rolling becomes necessary to stay alive.- Heavy weapons and long weapons have been introduced into AC Unity and both provide a fun change in fighting style that can keep battles fresh after you've mastered one style.5) THE BEST PART: The absolutely rediculous, cluncky, and completely unnecessary ""Abstergo"" storyline gets the back shelf for this title. Even Ubisoft has aknowledged how stupid this story line is; they poke fun in-game at the fact that the Abstergo story line is disorienting and distracting to the immersion of the game. Luckily for all of us, this goofy concept is minimized in AC Unity.Conclusion:1) 9/10 for the AC line up2) You need a good GPU to run it with no glitches (I have a GTX 780 3GB).3) Haters gonna hate, especially console kids."
,Not Recommended,289650,31728752,Posted: 13 May,all,wod,"Very badly optimised, bad story and loads of glitches. Frustrating instead of fun."
76561197971173492,Not Recommended,289650,22726911,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,hellfiresatan,"The most frustrating addition to the franchise.  I've rage quit twice now.  There won't be a 3rd.  The usual frustrating AC game mechanics of character climbing♥♥♥♥♥♥for no reason at the worst possible instance, but somehow worse.  Lifeless story.   The worst of the worst on sandbox plot lines.  Lots of side missions and functionalities with no explanations.  I spent most of the game wondering what I was doing and WTF I was doing it, and going, ""Oh, I didn't know I could/couldn't do that.""  But hey!  Look!  Here's a bunch of online multiplayer stuff!  Not interested in that?  Tough, here it is anyway.  Are you sure you don't want to?  ARE YOU?  HUH? HUH?   Horrible interface.  Accidentally thrown into online play in the middle of missions just because I checked my map.  My 2nd rage quit was the same as the first.  Thown into post-story DLC that you can't get out of.  Got there because, you guessed, looking at something on my map and somehow selected it.  Done and done."
,Not Recommended,289650,19717100,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Neimad,This game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,289650,28846727,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Galaxy,Game requires a good PC to run but besides that a excellent story line and overall good addition to the series.
76561198048496270,Recommended,289650,24391801,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Konrad Pooh's Dancing Teeth,This game is repetitive but the weapon system has improved from the last games but my fps doesent go higher than 20 at best
,Not Recommended,289650,34686824,Posted: 2 September,all,Fess,Почему такая плохая концовка :(
,Recommended,289650,13287422,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,macho man bandy savage,I had to enter my email just to open a chest10/10 would get spammed again
,Recommended,289650,13096191,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,sbabhetti,"Good Story, good graphics, runs smoothly for me!"
76561198074902156,Recommended,289650,13850584,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,15 Temmuz Omar,"I may seem stupid to you guys but i really loved this game because its multiplayer isnt ****. They did all i ever wanted from a game and i thank them for this. Thank you for reading, have a nice day."
76561198093911712,Recommended,289650,13451567,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Solmyr,"Assassin's Creed Unity review by FluffyBoobsEveryone just keeps ranting about how bad this game is, how bad it is optimized and how evil ubisoft is.And yet, there is you, the reader, who still doesn't trust all the negative reviews and desperately searching for a good positive review. I'll try to give you one.So, what isAssassin's Creed Unityand why should you buy it?As I am a guy who played all of the AC games i'd say this is second best in my personal list (after AC 1). Now i'll explain why: Back in 2007, Assassin's Creed became famous thanks to it's historical setting, gameplay mixed with fighting, freerunning and stealth and, of course, the storyline.Now it's 2014, and canAssassin's Creed Unityimpress fans and new players with same, but improved things that AC1 had?Yes, it sure can. If you close your eyes at bad optimization, microtanscations and bugs, you get a great game.The story is enjoyable, the visuals are pretty and gameplay is fun.Storyline - As you might have heard before, this game centers mostly around Arno Dorian, and his story. I am not going to spoil you anything. I'll just say that the story is enjoyable. Coop in this game is explained as teaming up with other initiates to do assassin stuff.Gameplay - What ubisoft did right about Unity is that now you can craft your own assassin to adapt to your playstyle. Want to charge in and slash everyone you meet in the way? Check. Want to be stealthy? Check. Stealth in this game finally makes you feel like you're a damn assassin and the ''big'' missions where you have to assassinate important target now has many ways how you can kill him. If you play stealthy, game feels much more enjoyable than just slashing everyone. Oh, about slashing: The combat system in this game has improved and now it offers a stiff challenge. One wrong move and you're dead.Overall, ubisoft created a great game than you can dive in for weeks. Unlock all the unlockables, do all the side missions, play coop and you can waste 100+ hours in this.8/10, a great experience."
76561198041269405,Not Recommended,289650,30673387,Posted: 22 March,all,Jbox,Stephen Hawking runs faster than this game.
,Recommended,289650,13019580,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Desle,"I agree with a few of the negative reviews, although most of them are for a big partion not true. I kind of feel bad for Ubisoft, because they did a great job on the mechanics. Yes, the performance issues were a big problem for me too, although eventually it got fixed for me, because Ubisoft is working hard on releasing patches for this game. Other bugs have already been resolved, which I actually never had problems with, so I didin't worry about that.For the mechanics, I love them. The skill upgrading, descending-mechanic when parkouring, it's all very clever and adds more to the game. I've also spent some time editing my outfit, trying to look badass, which was also fun for me. I've just completed all the 12 sequences, which was quite a lot of fun for me. The plot was a bit.. less than I expected, yet I still did enjoy it.I've also had a lot of fun in co-op so far with my friends, just messing around, completing crowd events and just having tons of great moments with eachother. Co-op missions are also fun, trying to synchronise assassinations with your fellow assassins to gain more points and just having that amazing feeling when it looks so cool to take them out together like you were well-prepaired.Notable+ Skills+ Parkour mechanics+ Greater loadout customization+ Co-op is very enjoyable+ Active city, with change frequently+ A lot of things to do (crowd events, side missions..)- Bugs (getting fixed!)- Framerate issues for most (getting fixed!)- A lot of the same sort activity/mission- Companion app neccessary for completionistsI'd give it an 8.5 when they end up fixing most important bugs and issues, for now.. a 7."
76561198140855478,Recommended,289650,13239806,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ĪTzk_523,"this game so good but there's a lot of buggy and need a powerful computer,however still a good game"
,Recommended,289650,13178639,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Sans,"A beautiful game for me. I can run it with 30 - 40 FPS on Ultra IN A LAPTOPMSI GT 70 Dominatori7 4800MQGTX 880m 8GB GDDR512 GB RAMFor the story, it's nice but not as nice as Assassin's Creed II!The side missions and murder mysteries are fun, the only thing I don't like is that you need to play AC unity Companion to unlock chests and what not.As a warning you really need a POWERFUL GPU to run this (Mine's mobile so I can't really judge)"
,Recommended,289650,13503062,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ZeroNight,"When the game actually functions properly, this is the best Assassin's Creed game to come out in a long time, at least machanically.You have more control over your movement (still needs work though), the combat is actually a challenge at times, and you're not the overpowered demigod that you were in previous iterations of the series. It's the only Assassin's Creed game I actually enjoyed since Brotherhood. If everything went right, it would have been a step in the right direction.However, as everyone knows, it didn't. The game has performance issues across almost everyone's machines for no discernable reason, and it's filled with bugs at every turn.I was lucky. Maybe my computer runs on black magic or something, but at 1080p, almost max settings, I was able to get about 45-60 fps for the vast majority of the game. My computer however is likely just a fluke, as people with even stronger machines struggle to get that speed in the same conditions. I was also lucky enough to actually not encounter a single game breaking bug during my playthrough, the only bug I found was one time a NPC was running down the street, arms and legs stretched, flailing them like a necromorph.Based -solely- on my experience with this game and not the experience others have had, I have to recommend it, but it is the most cautious recommendation of all time. I know that for most of the people reading this, your experience will not reflect mine. Honestly? Wait a few years until a new generation or two of video hardware comes out before picking this up. By then, maybe you'll be able to just throw enough hardware at the game where the performance issues won't matter as much."
76561198079394678,Recommended,289650,13301129,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,real slime talk,"My favorite Assassin's Creed to date. Arno is a very cool and sassy character, especially when compared to Connor from AC3, who had no personality and wasn't interesting. The huge crowds of AI are amazing and the setting and story are great. Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,289650,13086695,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,WeedWizard420XXX,"TL;DR if you can run it, it's a fantastic game.I'll preface this by telling you I am one of the fortunate few who has had no issues with this game, no ACU.exe has stopped working, no co op issues, no real fps issues. I play with a 970 and an i3-4150, every setting the highest it can go, and on street level I get 26-35 fps, in crowds I get 20-25, and rooftops I get 40-50. I really should be getting higher fps, but 30 fps is playable I suppose, and the game looks REALLY nice on high settings.Now to the reviewI'm really enjoying the bustling city feel that has been missing from then last 2 games, I think it really pulls you into the wonderful atmosphere. Ubisoft was not kidding when they boasted their npc count, cause that really is an impressive feature. The fact that they're all doing something is really cool. For example, after unlocking the blend ability (like sitting on a bench, this does not affect crowd blending) I walked over to a few people who we're trying to move a cart, and Arno moved under the cart to try and lift it. Not incredibly amazing, but I thought it was really neat. 9.5/10Now in terms of actual plot, it's somewhat disappointing, but it holds up. The events seem kind of independent and don't have much of an impact on the rest of the story, you kind of just go back to stabbing people? I did however like Arno as a character, it was clear that Ubi was trying to recreate AC2 Ezio, but I think Arno is different enough to be an entertaining character. I also quite liked Elise, she was a nice complement to Arno's personality. If you're a modern day story fan you will ♥♥♥♥ing /hate/ this plot, because NOTHING HAPPENS. The time anomalies were weak as ♥♥♥♥ too, I mean they were nice to look at but I thought they were lame. 6.5/10Now onto gameplay, Ubisoft did a phenomenal job on the new movement system, (when it doesn't bug out) running up a wall has never been more satisfying, especially the addition of starting a climb from an angle oh god I think about that when I'm not playing. Arno is quite agile, and overall free running is sexy as ♥♥♥♥. Honestly this is what keeps me playing. 9/10Combat is quite weird, it seems to be hard at first but then it turns into AC3/4 minus the actual countering, you kind of just mash X and B (IMHO this is a controller game) till everyone dies, and if you stop giving ♥♥♥♥s just keep tapping that shoot button till everyone is dead. The animations for finishers and parrying are gorgeous though, and parrying actually is affected by what your hands are doing, but overall combat feels more of a chore. 6/10Stealth was actually really hard, as taking cover never seemed to work when you want it to. The best way to stealth something is to throw a smoke bomb in and kill everyone before the smoke dissipates. A good idea but poorly executed. 5.5/10I won't give customization a point value but it's really cool, you have a lot of different options for clothing, but unfortunately your color options are quite garbage. Something that would have been cool was. Halo: Reach sequel where you picked primary, secondary and tertiary colors. Maybe in the next game.Overall this is a really cool game that was quite honestly ruined by how Ubisoft conducted their launch day, I mean I really want to defend their decisions because I like this game so much but I really can't. Ubi dug their grave this year. There is hope though as now EA is starting to shape up nicely [good job EA! :)] so maybe Ubi will follow their footsteps. Sooner rather than later let's hope. With any luck, AC Unity will be like AC1 and AC3, new ideas and mechanics that don't quite work very well, but are very well polished in the next installment. Let's hope next year we see the best assassins creed yet :)I give ACU a 7/10 and a dollar value of 40$"
76561197971265184,Recommended,289650,13022792,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Chulo,"MY ASSASSINS CREED UNITY EXPERIENCE:(Ok so this was my VERY first ever AC game in my life.. )Okay so I wanted to get this game since the trailer came out because this game caught my eye. First of all I thought it would have horrible optimazations just like Watch_Dogs. I was planning to get this game because it looked AMAZING!The day it came out I read the reviews and they were negative because of optimazations and I was dissapointed about that. Ubisoft really needs to fix this because so many people bought this game to get a crappy game..come on Ubisoft get your game together. Anyways, I was dumb enough to buy it after I heard bad reviews about it. I just had to get the game. I bought it and I was worried about it crashing or whatever. But..I was that 5% of people who their game acually worked! I luv this game so much already..VERY INTERESTING GAME! Just love it!!Ubisoft fix this issue to those other gamers who bought your game because this really left a mark for AC Unity and thats a shame. It really is a good game, it really is but there bad optimazations to it.Btw I can run this game on high graphics but i prefer medium bc it faster :)Here are my pc specs:-Radeon HD 7850-8gb Ram-FX 8320 3.8 GHz-Windows 7 Ultimate-64 bit system"
76561198009217252,Not Recommended,289650,15967898,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Professor Kaas,Buggy mess
,Recommended,289650,14293585,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Dark,"The game itself is amazing, good graphics. nice story. i've never had any bugs while playing this game9/10"
,Recommended,289650,13299482,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,LittleOwl,"Personally I like the game a lot. Although I didnt experiance many of the issues that others have had to deal with when it came to crashes and framerate issues, so lucky me I guess.I would recommend if the issues are fixed for the most part becasue a buggy game really does take away from the experiance."
,Recommended,289650,13006535,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,GunnedDown,"There are still a few bugs to get worked out, but I'm enjoying this game.  I didn't know if they could out do themselves after Black Flag, but this game is on par with it.  The size of the map is huge and it is going to take a while to explore it all.  Look forward to doing so!"
76561198102075562,Recommended,289650,13005881,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,fredkang,"this game is nice, but the nostramus engima challenge the last room having ab it of control prolem can't parkour to one of the obstacles"
76561198086690978,Recommended,289650,13046220,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,PoderDaSpoder,"This is a great game, but it has a lot of bugs. I have walked under the world, seen people shoot up into the sy as rockets, floationg items and suddenly stopped out of nowhere. Some of the parkour is not the best at times. The story is great though. It starts you out as the adoptive son of a templar and works its way from there. The customizations are exeptional. You can customize all of your apparel and use heavy, long and short weapons.I would recommend this game, but not yet. It has some major bugs that Ubisoft has so fix as fast as possible."
76561198056763038,Recommended,289650,13003348,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Ligani,Despite the occasional bug and frame drop I recieve this game is fantastic! Every issue I have had with past game mechanics have been improved upon or changed for the better. With the addition of the parkour down botton and a much more in depth stealth system the game comes with a lot more challenge and new tactics to do missions. The new combat system is much better than the old games and gives real consequences for being spotted as there no longer is a counter to win move and you have to be on your toes when fighting those higher level enemies. There is a new freedom in the mission types and the entire game feels less restrictive and lets me take things at my own pace instead of being forced to follow the exact path the game wants me to take when approaching a target. I love this game so far and when the new patches are released I'm sure it will be just that much better.
,Recommended,289650,13035994,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,CryKitty,"A bold departure from what we've come to know as Assassin's Creed in the last 4 years, and it's in the right direction!I will preface my review with acknowledgement that the game (at launch) has quite a few bugs, some more devastating than others. To be completely frank, it didn't sour my experience-- and I was victim to the bug that erased my save file (I was 25 hours in, at sequence 10 by that point). People are bashing the game left and right across the internet, claiming its an unfinished game and that Ubisoft has betrayed their playerbase by serving them unpolished garbage. Here's the thing:Since the debut of Assassin's Creed 2, Ubisoft has consistently added feature upon feature to the series to the point that it leaves the player overwhelmed, confused, and claustrophobic. In this way, they've all but ignored what made Assassin's Creed about assassinating templars. It became focused on action, combat, sailing, being a pirate, being a soldier.This is what makes Assassin's Creed Unity so special; it's back to basics. You assume the persona of Arno Dorian as he rises through the ranks of the Assassin Brotherhood in Paris, where the core gameplay and storyline revolve around giving you a specific templar target, the building he or she can be found, and saying 'have at it'. You'll find no hand-holding or linear gameplay options forced upon you, in fact, the game can become legitimately difficult and frustratingly unforgiving-- and I love that.Now, the story is a bit short. Most people clock it at about 15 hours, but if you speed through it, I reckon you could beat it in under 10 (little-to-no side missions or co-op missions included). Not only is it short, it's a bit underdeveloped. The characters go through so much change without proper build up and pacing which devalues their stories and dilemmas, leaving you mostly uncaring for nearly all of them. I'd say the best element to the story is the fact you rise up in the brotherood with actual mentors as guides, giving you tasks and missions. It gives you something to strive for, and makes you feel like a part of something more.Gameplay in this game brings the series to an all-time high. Everything has been reworked and overhauled to make a fresh experience to both newcomers and veterans of the series. Combat is tough as nails as the killstreaks and counter-attacks have been completely stripped from the game, forcing you to juggle enemies with dodges, well-timed parries, and sneaking in a hit or two. For at leas the first half of the game before you unlock / purchase good armor and weapons, if you attempt to face off against more than 3 enemies you can consider yourself dead. This is a much needed change of pace that I think we've all wanted for years now (I know I have). Parkour has seen a large facelift as well! The game mixes the functionality of AC3 and AC2's parkour, while introducing its own new feature: High Profile + A = Parkour Up; High Profile by itself keeps you level but still jumps from object to object; High Profile + B = Parkour Down. This is a gigantic game changer, and takes a while to get used to. Once you've mastered its nuances and understand how to navigate the city with this new and vastly improved parkour system, you'll have a sincere blast as you traverse Paris with style and speed. Lastly, there's stealth. This is an interesting subject, as it is a literal tennant of the Creed: Hide in plain sight. Thus, you'll find all your social stealth options have returned, but now with a couple of new features: active cover that allows Arno to hide around corners and behind waist-high objects such as boxes and carts, and a fancy new stealth mode that is activated with the left trigger / L2. To be honest, it's a little clunky and needs some tweaking. I'd say the biggest problem with the cover / stealth is the lack of corner switching, meaning you have to press A to back out of cover, move around the corner of the wall you want to take cover of, and press A against it to resume cover. It's not a HUGE deal, as it doesn't force you to stand up and break stealth or anything, but it prevents the stealth from feeling consistently fluid and intuitive.There's much, much more to this game-- a plethora of side content, the modern day segments (where YOU, literal you in front of the screen holding the controller, are the character being referenced as unnamed characters inform you of the assassin's plight against the templars, and convince you to help them and do some things for them), co-op missions (these mostly funciton the same as single-player missions, but are usually a bit larger in scale to accomodate more players.To cut to the chase: should you buy Assassin's Creed Unity? Yes. If you were ever a fan of the series before it became Warrior's Creed, you should absolutely get the game. It's laid the foundation for a beautiful future, where we play an actual Assassin set in large, sprawling cities full of activities and distractions.I'd rate the game 9.5 / 10. An amazing game with a story that's just a bit too short and suffers from some sub-par character development."
,Not Recommended,289650,12895473,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Haguns,♥♥♥♥ my life cannot run it. it crash in the main menu
,Recommended,289650,13002881,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,awp country,"This game is good the graphics is am amazing but the only downfall is the Lag/FPS Drop :/ ......So all lot of question all around the globe was asking this about AC 5/Unity : next patch/Update can they fix this...... well i think it depeds on your PC if u have a mega super awesome 360NOSCOPEBALEIT Pc u will run smoothly but unforrtunatly i dont have an MEGA SUPER AWESOME 360NOSCOPEBLAZEIT Pc so i hope in nest patch i want a graphics quality option.,.,.,.,.,.if they added this already plss let me now thanks i hope the read this-PEace OUT....CODEXSAURUS"
,Recommended,289650,13146615,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,чё нада,"Несмотря на все баги, глюки, т.д. и т.п. игра отличная. Красочный сюжет, живой мир, доп. задания, а также совместный режим. Мне кажется это то, что нужно. Огромное спасибо разработчикам за этот шедевр."
,Recommended,289650,13776668,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,purplesunset,The Amazing Spider-Man 2
,Recommended,289650,14011042,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Ed,"I honestly dont know what people are complaining about, I have played this game for 9 hours now and so far having a blast. The optimization is bad, but its completely playable. I have a r9 280x AMD 8350 4.4 ghz and i run this game at very high (without AA) at around 40-50 fps which is completely playable in my opinion. The bugs are quite bad but not bad enough to ruin the game experience, stop focusing on the negatives constantly. The gameplay is really fun, the customization is great, and the COOP is also extremely fun."
76561198116266876,Recommended,289650,14016109,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sayomi_Nightborn,"Very fun, beautiful game. I'm using the ASUS ROG G751JY laptop to play this game (gtx980m) and the game runs very smoothly at ultra graphics.  The storyline is great and the graphics are beautiful. The combat has improved and there is a LOT of customization.  As long as you have a high-end graphics card, you'll really enjoy this game."
76561198076718892,Not Recommended,289650,16144577,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,name hard,"It's Like Skyrim with guns, if Skyrim ran like a blind amputee who was born without the use of his finer motor control."
76561198019691919,Recommended,289650,13016648,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Seth Rogen,"I will admit this game was very unplayable when it first came out which displeased me. Apparently they updated it and now it is a little more optimized I am actually able to play it. I have played all of the ac (except black♥♥♥♥♥... i mean flag), and i'll have to say I really do enjoy Unity alot more than the others. The story may have threw me off, but the gameplay is just amazing. I have read most of these reviews and a lot of people complained about it, but to my I enjoy the new finishing moves, armor customization, the skills, the enviorment, and the new weapons. I will admit though the pricing for some of the items are a little bit ♥♥♥♥ing crazy, but their are some co-op missions the gives you 10k if you do it right. So for someone who really enjoys the gameplay, but also the story (which I rarely play because co-op is amazing) i'd so purchase this game and enjoy it. Also has anyone seend my inhaler"
,Recommended,289650,13009743,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Aluminia,"I'm going to be honest with you, when this game first came out, it was a nightmare to play. The game is very stuttery, has massive frame rate drops, random glitches, and other random crap. This game is so unoptimized, it blows Watch_Dogs out of the water. They have released driver updates and patches, which have helped to some extent. Still though, the graphics are some of the best I have ever seen.Don't listen to the system requirements though. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t honestly. I play the game on an old i5-2300, 8GB of RAM, and a GTX 760 and I run the game at very high graphics settings (the game has options of Low, Medium, High, Very High, Ultra)! The fps is usually around 30 to 40, with some dips into the 20s. Honestly, I can still play that fine.If you push all the hardware related problems to the side, this game is absolutely AMAZING. The characters, the location, the missions, the story, it's all great. Easily blows AC3 and AC4 right out of the water. Running along the rooftops just gives me a flashback of running along the Venice rooftops in Assassin's Creed II, the best game in the series. I was hyped for this game and in terms of the amount of stuff you can do, coupled with the story and gameplay, it's definitely one of the best in the series. Full stop. If Ubisoft took another 6 or maybe even 3 months to optimize this game, it would be one of the best games I've played in recent years.TL;DR: If you can get past the performance problems, this game is absolutely incredible and super fun. Maybe wait a few months for the game to get some more polish and I couldn't recommend this enough already. 8/10 for me.10/10 will play again."
76561198144636817,Recommended,289650,13119447,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,relentlessfps,"I love this game. It's a lot of fun and so much to do. I found my sword of choice, the katana. It has some wicked moves. The world in the game (Paris) is amazing, so many unique buildings and people. I can't believe they could have so many people in the game. There are so many things going on in the city, it's fun just to walk around and see all the little things they added. I've played co-op and that's been fun too. Working out ways with your friends to have mission success is quite rewarding. The single player story is getting really heated up. I can't wait to do more missions. It's like being in a movie, so cool.Some of the people have had problems with the game, so I'm sure that's a turn off. I've only had one crash and I was in the menu at the time. Everything else is great. This is my first AC game. Not sure if this will help, but my pc specs are Windows 8.1 64bit, cpu 4770k, gpu 970, 16 gigs of ram. Hopefully the new update help out most. I'm sure it wouldn't help all, but almost every computer is different. Hope this help out."
,Recommended,289650,13366719,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Acarthrythcy,Plays like a quadrapelegic kid with tourettes.UPDATE:They released a new patch. Plays better now. Like a kid with use of all limbs.
76561198078561257,Recommended,289650,13287261,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,johnvidar00,its a good game but u\Ubisoft u need to send out some patches or DLCs or assassins creed wil dieout please!!!!
76561198069796382,Recommended,289650,13234750,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,AqUEousGENE,"After beating the game with 87% overall completion I felt that the game felt ok. I didn't see many of the bugs other people have complained about but I definitely did see the big performance issues and issues with the game mechanics as well. The free-run is not completely refine and at some points frustrates me as I am trying to navigate myself through paris. Overall the story itself was alright although I felt the interruptions with the real world (the helix rifts) made me feel disconnected from the game. The game is definitely not one of the best assassin's creed and I kind of felt dissappointed even though the story was alright. If the story felt extremely short and I felt that Arno's character was not so great. Also, the game itself is different than what they were advertising as most of the ""revolutionary"" moments in the story were not so immersive. I thought there would be high profile actions you can perform that would insight a riot in the crowd but none of that existed. Also the co-op was an even greater dissappointment as It wasn't anything like the trailers although the co-op was not so bad and sometimes even fun. All in all, aside from the main issues brought up at the launch of the game, the game itself is enjoyable although it could have been much better."
76561198006605346,Recommended,289650,13156738,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,'Doc' Holiday,"So far, the best AC in years! The city is rich and deep and packed with sites to see. It really makes you want to explore and mingle with the people. There are certainly graphical errors but none that really bothered me or broke anything. Its to be expected in a game this massive. There certainly does need to be optimization done and im sure they will soon. I am running things on low w/ antialiasing on. It is mostly very smooth like this. I would love to see the world on high settings but for now I can bite the bullet and play with less. It really still looks great and from what I can tell there is not much I am missing out on. The story is good so far, Arno has alot of personality and is likeable and well voiced/acted."
,Recommended,289650,13081155,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Xauros,"Final corneta, pero el juego en si es muchisimo mejor que los ultimos 5 que han salido.Deberia costar $50 solo por el final ;)"
76561198056289124,Recommended,289650,14019139,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Abb298 [Moose],"DLC is broken 10/10 would rather watch a Rob Schneider movie then try play it.Game was broken, 8/10 would play again."
,Recommended,289650,13772043,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Stormer,"As someone with a high-end GPU, I can recommend this game to anyone with the hardware to run it smoothly. The patches made the game way smoother than it was originally, and there are way less bugs and crashes now.The game has a nice story with good character development, and Co-op is great when you have good allies.The graphics are beautiful and are definitely impressive. Combat system is pretty much exactly the same as the other games, apart from the addition of finishers, new skills and equipement.Parkour definitely isn't perfect, but the animations are refined to look more appealing. Still, my blood boils when I'm in a chase or timed mission and I get stuck to random objects along the way, making me fail.However, even with all it's flaws and rough start, this game was. and still is worth the money I payed for it, because damn it, I love Assassin's Creed and this game is absolutely amazing."
76561198058755054,Recommended,289650,13560396,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Inkfish Observer,"Well, as far as I can tell, this game is a 2 steps away from being a GRAND SLAM. The steps are:1.) While cooping with people sometimes (twice so far [been playing for 16 hours]) if i come out of hiding from certain places it freezes me and i cannot control my assassin.2.) When the longe range musketeers shoot at you, sometimes they shoot through walls, If its a close call. For instance i rolled behind a wall and 1 second later he shot, killing me instantly even though the wall i rolled behind was the corner of a building.The storyline is great so far and the coop makes me feel like im really a part of an army of assassins.< ALL THIS BEING SAID; I SPENT 2 GRAND ON MY COMPUTER (piece by piece [ built it myself ] ) LAST YEAR >I see no problem with lag or FPS and the graphics are pure bliss. If your computer can handle it and you liked any of the other assassin creed games then you will definitely rate this game 9 / 10.<[ MY RATING: 9.5/10 ]>"
76561198109054886,Recommended,289650,13255896,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Green Tea,"This game does have a lot of bugs, but not bad when it comes to it's story."
76561198099645536,Recommended,289650,13012882,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Charlie.,good
,Recommended,289650,13046219,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,SPC.Seventh,"I love this game. Plain and simple. The combat feels amazing, the animations are fantastic and the voice acting is just as astounding. I've come to love all of the characters i've been introduced to and I haven't had one bad experience with the game itself.Bear in mind, the bad experiences I have had were entirely graphical. I have not run into bugs, although supposedly they've fixed them anyway. The game is not optimized well. I'm running a Nvidia 760 2GB with an AMD 8320 8-core 3.50GHz processor and I can only get ~30 FPS on High/Medium with FXAA.BUT. It has not ruined the experience of the game for me. It's one of the most solid-gameplay titles i've played in quite some time. Don't let the bad reviews get in the way, the game is absolutely fantastic. The customization is MASSIVE with tons of weapons and gear, although I found myself sticking to one chest/hood/legs and such once I got to that point, I find myself constantly changing weapons. All of them (and their AMAZING finishers, specifically the spears) feel totally badass.Co-op is a really fun experience regardless of cooperation among the members, although I found it to be even better when everyone is trying to stealth rather than go in swinging. 2-man missions seem to be the most fun and easiest to coordinate.Keep in mind that combat is challenging this time around, it's not like the other ACs which (from what i've seen) you just counter which = a kill. You actually have to plan engagements, try to stealth, or if you ARE going to go head-on, take them in strides. Don't try to 1v8. You WILL lose.If you were on the fence before, i'd say give the game another week or two, wait for the optimization patches Ubisoft announced they're working on to come out, then pick it up. It's definitely worth a buy."
76561198094298579,Recommended,289650,13011304,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Prussian Lad,"This is a good game, but I recomend you don't exit during a mission. I also recomend you change the aspect ratio to either 16:9 or 5:4 to play it good."
,Recommended,289650,13125559,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,CLONE5115,"Great game, when it runs. Hopely patches will fix the bugs and crashing, But as a assassin creed game the combat is alot harder then the ones in the past, the stealth syetem could of been improved more but thats not a bother. One of the best things is the new parkor and co-op.Overall 7/10 with bugs and crashes 9/10 without them"
76561197970534805,Recommended,289650,13048011,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,BoNeMacHiNe,"This is one awesome game. Don’t know what all this negative talk is. You just have to adjust the detail according to your computer. At medium detail the game looks awesome and runs smooth on my machine. I adjusted the details to low in order to add my little review to this post, and it still looks very good. This game was designed for the next generation of computers, but has setting for the current and older generations.I definitely recommend this game. It is a well put together game."
,Recommended,289650,13076017,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Matics,"Absolutely love this game, I am shocked to see so many negative reviews for this game. I am truly convinced now that we are completely spoiled in games now, nothing is good enough. I understand, the game has a bad launch, they should have pushed it back another 2 months or so, fix bugs and add horses! Man i wish this game had horses..Anyway, Unity is truly advanced in all ways, making combat much more challenging encourages the stealth system! Which I welcome the cover system addition it does need work. the graphics are fantastic of course, this lighting system is so damn noticable, best lighting in gaming right now hands down.  Characters are very well done, well spoken and well written, nothing to jaw dropping happens but a fun ride! But this game is all about the city, and Paris is a master piece. Massive and alive, things to do around every corner. You can upgrade your character as well, really make him look however you wish which is something I didnt expect them to tackle so I was plesently surprised. Co op was a wonderful addition as well, having a blast playing this game with my friends finally!Anyway, the games awesome if you can run it. ♥♥♥♥ the haters, they are spoiled and jaded. Let them enjoy their COD."
76561197997949663,Recommended,289650,13165328,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kaisersoser,"Great game with a very good story. Technically and graphically impressive. They really did a great job bringing Paris to life.That said there are some bugs and glitches. I did get stuck in a haystack, and once jumped and feel through the ground. But this was adequately few and far between to the point that it did not affect my overall experience.In general I will definately recommend this game to anyone who likes the Assassins Creed series."
,Recommended,289650,13858301,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,Despite all of the negative reviews I acctually really liked the game. I was never hit with any game breaking glitches (I played on day 1) apart from a few performance bugs that were patched later I really liked it. As for the story it isnt the best but most definatly not the worst overall story is a 7/10 gameplay 8/10 overall polish 6/10 only because of problems it had in the begining esspecially for those you got the no face glitch. Microtransactions I thought were a bit stupid but unlike most games with microtransactions I never felt the need to pay and I havent. Overall I give this a 8/10 but didnt live up to the hype.
76561198162703698,Recommended,289650,13072683,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,WorserQuill,"I have a problem. When i enter unity it works perfectly, right up until the start screen. The mouse pointer is stuck on the top left hand paart of the screen. And also cant press any keys to enable the game. Does anyone know of a fix for this? it has been annoying the crap out of me"
,Recommended,289650,13072690,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Lunaeries,"Despite these negative reviews, I found the game appealing... just not in the same way the others were. I've played through the game, and finished the campaign without too much issue.This game was finished, but not as I, or most would prefer to use the word. The developers succeeded in creating an incredibly amount of content and side missions, each with their own story and for the most part they aren't bugged. However, the quality of many parts of the game (especially the co-op) is severely lacking. I cannot even play the game with Uplay in online mode or else it crashes which I suspect is a bug grown from the Online- off the top of my head, I'd say it might be an issue with an anti-cheat system going awry. When I said this game was finished, I didn't say it was perfect or necessarily ready for release. I'm running on an AMD R9 270x without SLI or any of that, I have to comment that the quality is easily less than standard and some areas are strangely more buggy than others for reasons I can't quite describe (For example: regardless of the crowd size, I get between 19-25 frames per second, which keeps me near the number required for me to perceive true motion, but when I go to the cafe I drop down to 15-20).The story was something else, it was far from overwhelming, it didn't make me feel like an assassin, and it certainly didn't live up to my expectations of an Assassin's Creed game. I'm sorry Ubisoft, but you just didn't pull off what I was expecting. Now, when I said it was something else that really should be thought about. It wasn't like the others and wasn't very incredible, but it wasn't bad. I knew what was happening and was able to follow my character's story well enough to get a grip of the situations and even felt sort of cool at times. My issue with the campaign is that it's short, ridiculously short. I'm following Arno Dorian across his search for vengeance, and there are times where I just don't know what's happening (but not as often as people emphasize), and times where it's really tugging at my heart chords but for god's sake Ubisoft, never make a game that short again! Ubisoft sacrificed their story in favor of multiplayer which honestly isn't something I'm thrilled about, seeing as I can't even use multiplayer until hopefully the next patch... maybe.To finalize, the graphics were insane, they blew me away. The story was underwhelming, short, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off sometimes but it wasn't bad. There is a plethora of bugs that need to be addressed but nothing inherently game breaking. Game play itself is very fun (but you really need to get a hang of the controls before you start going where you want to and not jumping up every damn wall) and there is an insane amount of side-quests and other content to occupy your time, not just flags or feathers like some of the predecessors made the mistake of forcing us to collect. Multiplayer was incredibly fun, I loved it and can't wait to have it back because it was easily the best part of the game- even if I am somewhat mad at it overshadowing the story... a lot. Back to bugs, there are a lot regarding multiplayer, I've had to leave countless matches for getting stuck in between buildings (caught hanging under a roof that was merged with another building). Performance issues are no joke, they are debilitating but if you're not one to pay too much attention to them, then there's not much of an issue seeing as they rarely drop below 18 and tend to hover around the mid-20's on my rig (which is maybe a mid-level rig in terms of quality). I'd say it's a must buy, as a game alone it is incredible and really fun, with way more features than the other games... just a good number more bugs to accompany that. Buy it if you're a fan, but you probably shouldn't play it like a fan, or at least wait until the next patch comes out before making a big decision.Thanks for your time!"
76561198155190647,Recommended,289650,13073046,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Unbinary Minx The Mashed Potato,"I think it looks good itleast for what ive seen but i cant really play it my graphic is not good enough for it and i bough season pass i would get a refund but yeah,i guess im stuck with it"
,Recommended,289650,13074218,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Mr.Fox,its ok
76561198121004405,Recommended,289650,13040865,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Robin,This is a grate game but  it needs a good comuter.I don't have a good computer but I instaled GeForce Experience
,Recommended,289650,14141766,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Potato-dono,i think its a really good game.
76561198080445569,Recommended,289650,13103977,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Physics ME,"Not as bad as I thought+Fluid parkour actions+More challenging combat system than previous titles in the series+More emphasis on stealth+Optional goals in assassination missions serve their purpose well+Impressive texture+Movie class real time rendered cutscene+Back in Europe!+(Mostly) seamless open world-Visual glitches-Perfomance demanding-Buggy co-op-Ambiguous equipment description-Crappy ""initiate"" system-Crappier mobile companion=Off-screen gunshot/melee from enemy=R3tard enemy AI (which is fun to exploit)=Skill tree takes away classic assassin skills in early stages of the game=A redesign of eagle vision=Customizable color scheme8/10Call me biased, I deserve it, because I'm an Assassin's Creed fan.If you haven't bought it yet, maybe you should consider waiting till patch 3 comes out."
76561198071924556,Recommended,289650,13221919,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SHoltermann,"In version 1.3 it's pretty stable ( after I downloaded new drivers for my video board ) and Arno is the best character in the franchise since Ezio and Paris is a great upgrade from ""Assassins Creed III"" Slam York (going from Rome, Venice and Constantinople to Wood cities in the US was the greatest mistake possible and it nearly made me never play another AC game again but a good friend of mine showed me ""Black Flag"" and I simply had to play it so here I am).But once they work out the kinks of this new engine the game will truly be awesome even if you can't actually free the city and restore it (witch was something I always looked forward in a assassins game."
,Recommended,289650,13064818,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Pyrippo,"Too Far, Too Fast, and In What Direction?Hype is a terrible thing. Especially when it’s directed by Ubisoft’s incredible marketing team. Seriously, they should be showered with praise for their ability to spin the titles of the Assassin’s Creed franchise into something that their “consumer base” will want to consume.For everyone thinking that this was just a continuation of Ubisoft’s money spinning of this franchise, you’re simply looking for a simple excuse for, let’s face it, a game that didn’t make par because the developer threw the hype train into high gear on the day of reveal. That’s not to say that I’m disagreeing with you.Yes, the game is riddled with bugs. Yes, the software runs like a sloth on hallucinogens. Yes, the service supposedly handling the load of multiplayer isn’t doing its job.But people are forgetting that a tonne of people at Ubisoft put their heart and soul into making this game BE the next-gen title that we and they were hoping for. The artists, especially; the texture, level and environment designers; the guys behind mo-cap, animation and voice capture; hell, even the actors behind the mo-cap did a decent job.The people that should be getting an earful are, firstly, the optimisation team. Either that or they should be getting bereavement for being harassed because they had a deadline out of their control. Secondly, the people that are in charge of the online services, connectivity and servers; OR those in charge who FORCED the game out with the online services not being fully ready.30% of the issues with the game would be and hopefully WILL BE sorted with connectivity fixes, another 30% with the fixes to game optimization.The last 40% are simply arguable issues with the game itself. It seems like Ubisoft pushed too far too fast, wanting to claim this dream of a “next-gen” gaming experience. The combat feels organic, but is too interrupted by sometimes irritating camera angles and a lack of warning when you’re about to be shot-fodda, or smacked in the head with an axe. The immersive Paris with randomly generated side-events is nice, but far too samey to be enjoyable for the length of a full play through, especially considering the size of the city. The open-ended assassinations would be a nice change, if you weren’t funnelled down a predictable path determined by “optional” opportunities that help you get the mission done.The Helix interludes are nice little morsels of distraction from the main game. But even they are let down by again, being too samey, and secondly, reminding all the fans of the series that there is a world OUTSIDE the simulation that seemingly, plays little to no part in what happens INSIDE it.All in all- the game deserves a 7.5/10. Maybe an 8. But as it stands, until these fixes get fixed, it can only stand at a 5.Get it. Give the massive team that worked on this the recognition they deserve. But only do it if things get fixed (stay posted), and or when the game drops in price. Just don't be an♥♥♥♥♥and post a mindless negative review because you're too selfish to see the work that actually went into the game.Specs: (The game runs decently at 1600/900 with most of everything on high/ultra apart from AA)i5-4570 3.2GhzGTX7608GBs GRAMPS: To UbisoftSo much of your player base are actual fans of the franchise. Get the simple stuff done first. Please. The things the best games in the franchise were famed for- the story and protagonist, the mechanics, the integration into history (a woven tale that actually wants you to care about the history and its important figures), and for goodness’ sake- give us fans back our modern day content - you nearly had it perfect with Black Flag (exploration if you wish- but no major or compulsory ties to story/achievements).If you really want to make any more money off this franchise, stop thinking you know what’s best, and start listening to your fans and player base rather than your bottom line. And anyone at the top of the Ubi-ladder- respect your artists more, and stop pushing their work out under unfinished circumstances."
76561198123961928,Recommended,289650,13428589,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Dicksandshit,"This game......really worth buying, after they fixed up the game of the problems I enjoy it now, full hd and stuff. Like u are playing on a ps4 or something but on a computer :)U should buy this game"
,Recommended,289650,13469653,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,LueZZ.MoV,I love this game and I even bought it and even Simti to play the game
,Recommended,289650,13258051,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,gfitzy1164,"Although buggy, it gets back to the feel of the Ezio trilogy with story that flows well and great improvements to the freerunning system, I highly recommend this game if you like Assassin's Creed II-Revelations and disliked the flow and story of III and IV"
,Recommended,289650,13778295,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Deathrabbitking,Its a good game when you forget about all the bugs. It was a lot worse when it came out and all but now its ok to an extent. the frame rate needs improving and there are still bugs that need to be fixed but over all its a good game when you forget about the bugs. 4.7/10
,Recommended,289650,13996612,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DangerMuffu,Well everybody saying coop is broken no its not if you have bad internet then it isint the games faulth i played it i liked it everything is good for me
,Recommended,289650,13056853,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,natanshap,Great game but you need avery strong pc to play it
76561198017878499,Recommended,289650,13000961,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,HYPERSYN,AMAZING GAME!!...if ur computer can run it lol :(
,Recommended,289650,13059823,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Freesoul,"I did not get the game on day 1 and may be that saved me from many bugs I read about around.Anyway, I had no crash and the game looks fantastic. I have not finished it and I'm having a blast so far."
,Recommended,289650,13364643,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,☭Aiand☭,probaly one of the best games ever
76561198163918063,Recommended,289650,13194457,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,zanxan,604
76561198093451438,Not Recommended,289650,19903785,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,acacker,worst AC ever
,Not Recommended,289650,19528034,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Invicto,"Good game based on Assassin's Creed universe. No wait, it IS Assassin's Creed."
76561198081155133,Recommended,289650,13972553,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,woogo,"Not bad, but not good either, 3/5"
76561198072342774,Recommended,289650,13480068,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ALMIGHTY_FRED,"The minimum and reccommended requirements for this game are extremely high, so I was worried that I wouldn't be able to run it, but when I started it up it ran relatively smoothly, especially considering that my computers specs are way below the minimum requirements. This is even more impressive considering that my computer is a 2012 macbook pro and i'm running the game on bootcamp.Let me repeat that: Assassin's Creed Unity runs smoothly (albeit on low graphics settings) on a MACBOOK PRO.There have been some framerate drops, mainly when I go inside buildings or into the huge crowds, but on the whole it plays smoothly and looks good.The only really annoying issue I've found is that on the menu screens the mouse is really laggy."
76561198012542872,Recommended,289650,13904915,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Khalgast,"Out of all the bad reviews is people complaining about performance issues, I say you look at the recommended PC requirements before you complain about a games lagginess.This game runs absolutely beautifully on teh highest settings on my computer, a little laggy in, and im saying about 20fps or so in the cinematics. The gameplay is glorious, each weapon has its own animations and finishers. The AI is insane and the immersion will keep you playing for hours and hours. I have reached about the 6th section of the city and the combat is intensifying constantly. The addition of long rifles is awesome for when you have a target thats surrounded by 20 guys and  so you can knock them out with ease. The game gives you a constant flood of things to do, when youre done with one thing, you have no problem finding something else to do.All in all, this is the greatest Assassin's Creed is have played and i highly recommend it to anyone that meets the PC setting requirements.I got the game on sale for 40 bucks, I would easily buy it for the 60 dollars it is selling for again and again 11/10 an amazing game. ( and i havent even played coop yet lol)."
76561198032077057,Recommended,289650,13888183,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Knux897,"As everyone knows, the initial release of this game was plagued with performance issues. So many issues in fact, that many customers felt they were blatantly cheated out of their money by Ubisoft. When I first played the game, my FPS was so low that I couldn't play it. However now that these issues are fixed, I've realized something unfortunate about the game. It was released broken and in a despicable state, and yet is one of the best, if not the best Assassin's Creed title to date.PROS:1. Story: One of the best stories in the Assassin's Creed games. Arno (the main character) feels like an assassin and never becomes an overpowered master assassin. The overall theme of the story isn't about revenge or building up the assassin order. It's about joining a necessary evil to fight another to protect that which Arno loves.2. City: The city of Paris looks awesome. One of the best cities in the series. You also get to experience rifts in the Animus where you get to see Paris in different time periods. The contrast is spectacular and not only makes you want to visit those other time periods longer, but also makes you appreciate revolutionary Paris even more.3. Customization: This is one of the things that really sold me. While in the past Assassin's Creed games you could dye your outfit, in Unity, you can mix and match buyable and unlockable pieces to create your own assassin outfit. Personally I liked the look of the Napoleon outfit pieces. Of course you can still change colors as well. The assassins in this game abandon the white of the assassin order for a multitude of different colors and it works well. Arno in his blue looks spectacular.In addition to the costume customization, you can also purchase different skills through earning an in-game currency called Synchonization Points. They can be stealth skills such as double assassinations, or abilities to handle different weapons or purchase new types of throwable bombs. While many players were disappointed that you don't unlock skills as the story progresses, I enjoyed unlocking these skills through this method. In addition, you can of course buy new weapons or upgrade them.4. Assassinations: The assassinations are superb. Each assassination gives you info on distractions/events/anything that can help you in assassinating your target. It gives you the amount of entrances, guards and potential advantages. Assassinations do not feel so scriped as in previous games and this game lets you do them as you wish.CONS:1. Game Peformance: As stated earlier, the initial performance issues made the game unplayable. However once the patches came out and I updated my drivers, I found the performance much improved. The were occassional crashes, a number of minor glitches and annoyingly long loading times, but the game more than made up for it.2. Ubisoft's Crap: UPlay is still as annoying as ever. Microtransactions are still as annoying as ever (does anyone but middle schoolers actually use them?). To unlock certain costumes and even chests, you need the Assassin's Creed Nomad app and some other thing, which is annoying. I played the Nomad app to unlock the Altair costume and the app is both annoying and I haven't unlocked the costume despite the only requirement being to have synched it to the game. Also my biggest complaint is that you cannot restart your progress without doing some tinkering and deleting files. Why? Well because Ubisoft made the poor decision to substitute a cloud save for an in-game save. You only get one profile in the game and you can't delete it. If you want to restart your progress, you can't do so from the game and you can't create any new profiles.In conclusion, I would definetely recommend this game. The initial performance issues were inexcusable (Ubisoft needs to stop rushing games for yearly installments) and Ubisoft's poor business decisions are annoying. However as far as the gameplay mechanics and the story goes, I was very impressed. I played for about 6 hours straight, which is something very difficult for me to do. Should you have the PC to run it and are a fan of the series, I would most defintely recommend this game."
,Recommended,289650,13889583,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dumbo the Elephant,"This Game Is Amazing just bought is and going to play through all of it i have to admit at the start there was framerate issues, so what i did was changed it to very high and then back to ultra high and now it works smoothly at 30-60 fps.I would recommend people to wait a while, for ubisofts sake so they can fix their game they are trying their personal best.what im rating it onStory 10/10Bugs And Glitches 10 Being worst and 0 being nothing 8/10Visuals And Sounds 10/10Co-op 8/10Performance 5/10My Sytem Specs that im playing on8 GB RAMI7 Processor 4910Nvidia Geforce 850M 4GB D3RR1980x120064 bit Computer.And Im Playing on Ultra Highi Rate The Game 7/10 overallMy Own Personal Experience is 9/10"
76561198095273719,Recommended,289650,13679057,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,branj25,"It was a little buggy at first but they have fixed many of the bugs. I still find myself falling through the map every once in a while but the game just sends you back to the last autosave. It lags a bit when moving through large crowds in multiplayer. Overall i think the game is great but i would suggest buying when it is on sale or for a reduced price. If these bugs and lag annoy you then wait for the next patch but it is playable, i just wish i did not have to use uplay."
76561197994024621,Recommended,289650,13671108,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,amyoto,"i bought this game the day it was out and i have 20 hours in it. i only ran into one gamebreaking glitch.this is probably the weakest entry overall since AC 1. i actually loved the story, but be warned, it isnt the over the top AC story as usual. This is a love story between assassin and templar. it also grays the boundery between templar = evil and assassin = good. i appreciate stuff like that. also there is basically no ""modern"" story like in other games. idc about that thoughpros-graphics = amazingcombat = harder than previous games but still funside quest = plenty to do including the new murder mysteries which are so damn funcons-weak storythe characters arent very memorablepredictable story"
,Recommended,289650,13436356,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Flatho,Wow thx Ubisoft I had 19 FPS and all the sepcs i needed... now I have 15 fps and still the same specs (how did u♥♥♥♥♥up... sry but how :'(   )
,Recommended,289650,15789093,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Scar107,"By far the best Assassin's to date. Yes Ubisoft screwed up the launch, but they did deliver an excellent experience. New game controls are amazing. Controlled decent is an excellent addition, as well as the addition of cover and stealth. The redesigned why missions are played are a breath of fresh air.The story so far is perfect. I am engrossed and very satisfied with what I've experienced thus far. To all of the haters out there, grow up! Yes the launch was not perfect, but the game is awesome, and you know it! I do not regret pre-ordering it, and I will most likely pre-order the next one!"
76561198057556358,Not Recommended,289650,15876236,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Veisalgia,Dont buy
,Not Recommended,289650,21881486,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,amw0bot_,"I updated my NVIDIA graphics card to 980 ti, and I still get around 5-7 fps on high, and 15-16 fps on low...and this♥♥♥♥♥♥costs about 60 dollars.thanks ubiSHIT."
,Recommended,289650,13747721,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Fish,"tldr: ACU gets a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥for performance/bugs but in my experience it has run alright. The game itself is decent although too much content is locked behind co-op for my taste. Do your research into how the game might run on your setup. For the most part, I enjoyed it though.Firstly, the game is a real mixed bag in terms of performance. You'll hear horror stories from some people and yet many others have very playable experiences. My recommendation would be todo your research and see if you can find people talking about how the game performs on the setup you have. Sure, the game is more buggy than most games for me but it was perfectly playable on my HD7850 and i5 3570K.Just a few bugs that I've experienced:- Not being able to change AA settings from the default to anything other than off without the screen becoming a mess of coloured boxes.- Occasionally I get stuck being unable to attack because it won't lock onto NPCs and have to leave the area and come back.- The game freezes for a few seconds every 30-40 mins. It feels as if it has crashed but then it starts working fine again.One thing that I would say is that obviously the game has been expandeda lotfrom previous AC games in terms of scale of the environment and in particular the number of NPCs. Combine this with a definite lack in optimisation and you cannot expect to run this on ultra with anything but the most overkill rigs. I get the feeling that a lot of people are overestimating how powerful their PCs are and are complaining when trying to run the game on the highest settings results in a choppy experience.---Onto the rest of the game, mixed bag probably sums this up here too. Graphically there are some absolutely horrible textures (the hair in particular on my settings looked terrible) but then that is combined with the best mocap and facial animation I've ever seen. I stopped noticing the bad textures after a while and certainly if you can run it on the highest settings it becomes a beautiful looking game.I enjoyed the story and appreciated that it took more of a return to more of the traditional Assassins/Templars based story rather than feeling like a game just randomly set in the AC universe. Arno is a very enjoyable character to play as and is very Ezio-esque in his personality.The combat and mechanics are typical AC but have had a majour overhaul. I'm not sure what I think of the movement changes as it seems to be a lot easier to ♥♥♥♥ up while navigating around the city (especially windows :@) but the animations are great at least... The combat changes and addition of skill trees is really refreshing too. As much as I enjoyed mowing through people in past games the combat being much harder means that you have to be much more tactical and there will be plenty of fights that you just have to run from. It just makes it a bit more challenging and very different from past games even if the combat itself feels very AC-like. The enemy AI is also a lot smarter and forces you to use your whole aresenal of abilities to succeed.There's a lot of content and customisationbutthis is where my main problem with the game comes in - co-op. At least to me, AC has always been a more single-player game and, while I think that it is great that co-op exists, it is forced on you way too much. There are some missions that I'm fairly sure are co-op only and a large amount of the best gear is locked behind playing co-op missions in groups of 4 or more players. Combine this with the fact that there is no text chat in-game and unless you have a large group of friends who all want to play a lot of Unity (and are not plagued by or put-off by the technical difficulties so many people are reporting) it's a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have no doubt that some people will wind up playing a whole lot of Unity co-op and form groups and guilds like you might see in an MMO... but that isn't a goal that AC should be chasing IMO. Personally I'd like to see co-op as an option not a requirement to experience all the content in the next game. For some people, this large amount of co-op content will be a real bonus though and if that's you, more power to you.All that having been said, I still enjoyed the game and will probably keep coming back to it occasionally as I have done with past AC games. Obviously, there's a lot of hate for this game ATM and I would recommend AC2, brotherhood, revelations or AC4 for somebody just starting with the series but if you do your research and when (or if) the game has been through another few patches it'll be a worthy installment in the series - not exceptional but decent.A few extra things to note:- There's no multiple save games.- It does try to get you to use Initiates + their app which can be annoying but you don't lose out on much if you don't use them."
76561198049031764,Recommended,289650,13130306,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ahrim,Too laggy and gets laggier with each patch. Not recommended at all.
,Not Recommended,289650,13983318,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Sh1noo,just...soo  bad
,Not Recommended,289650,23847325,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cum Wizard,"this game is still broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ parkour is at its worst, some features of the game dont even ♥♥♥♥ing work. cant even wall eject. ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft"
76561198065103738,Recommended,289650,13936892,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,john_lipstick CS.Money,Is it really worth 50 gigs?I guess so.
76561198103584749,Not Recommended,289650,13306761,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Amager Manden,DONT BUY IT IT LAGS VERY MUCH AND I GOT A COMPUTER TO 2000 DOLLARS AND ITS STEAL A POOP GAME AND IT GLITCHES
76561198137550761,Not Recommended,289650,16463119,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,✪ChoZo,I can't even play this game without it lagging and crashing my computer. This was a disappointing AC game.
,Recommended,289650,13128973,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,jiangzemin,when will it come to Mac..........
76561198082232276,Recommended,289650,13557974,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,PERFEkT-DARK,"If you have the hardware to run this game and don't mind relying on patches to fix the game's technical issues, Unity is a good game for you. Paris is beautiful, co-op is interesting and the story is engaging."
,Recommended,289650,13574396,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tyrone Biggums,"this is a good game a really excellent choice any day at any time, and i dont think its the graphics the make me like this game or the story, its the whole AC franchise the ive grown up with from Altair till Arno right now, so it is a deep game but very good, and it needs a strong computer to handle the game play because tbh this is a really big game that requires alot of power, so dont buy it unless your computer has what it takes."
76561198100858280,Recommended,289650,13580827,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,#TRUMPTRAIN,"A very beautiful game with a great variety of customization options, but has an awful amount of lag. The storyline is way too cliche and I had to force myself to finish it."
76561198108158598,Recommended,289650,13624915,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jelly bounce,"I don't know why people say its not good, if you mess around with the graphic settings you can configure it to play perfectly on your computer. I will admit though some bugs are there but nothing to big to ruin the game. Theres one bug after you escape the prison you cant jump off the ledge and you get stuck on it but im not sure if its common, other than that. I wanna say 8/10 not bad. Nice missions."
,Recommended,289650,13687896,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CHICKEN DINNER!!!!!!!!!,"This game is by far the best ac game that I have ever played... if you can get past the lag/glitch issues.At first when i started it, the game was all pixelated and unplayable, however with the help of Nvidias GeForce Experience, I simply pressed 'Optimize' and bam it worked like a charm. No bugs/glitches or falling through the floor.The dodge and parry implementations are so wonderful.The customization and skill unlocking/level ups are essential. It makes you feel like a true apprentice assassin, on a journey to save France and become a Master Assassin.At the start you are really fragile. Any gunshot may/will one shot you and you can no longer fight 10 guards at once unlike the other games. This forces you to think instead of just running in like the Hulk and killing everyone unlike the previous games.The co-op is wonderful and it works perfectly. Just seeing 3 other assassins free-running everywhere is just so awesome.  Not to mention the moments when you're one hit away from dying and then you are saved by a phantom blade shot.Overall, the game is superb and more 'realistic'. You'll have a great time playing this game if you can get past the lag/fps issues."
76561198101456955,Recommended,289650,13733352,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,w4rshadow,"the game is awesome it isnt that bad the story is meeeeh but that doesent mean that it is that badi recommend the gameabout the Singleplayer:it is perfect but there isnt  a lot of things to do like black flag and  the Templars and the police are kinda strongbut not after getting a +20000 coin swordthe missions in the open wolrd are awesome and the graphics is WOOOOW but it isnt the best in the world xDthe people will ask me why do i recommend the game , is that because i got a good graphics card?it is awesome to test Assassins creed unity exprienceMultiplayer:it is  amazing to play with your friends (im not  talking about people who is running like a crazy guy and killing everything in front of him im talking about strategy and ....)multiplayer is so glitchy , more than the Singleplayer but  i liked it (not rlly xD)I GIVE THE GAME 8/10 nu nu thats a lot lets make it 7/10PEACE!!!"
76561198075240354,Recommended,289650,13751567,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,V-K,could have done a better job than this.. Black Flag was better than this. anyway its a fun game to play
76561197970527145,Recommended,289650,13769524,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jedah,"I have completed this game 100% through the story.  I have a single Nvidia 980 GTX GPU.  This game plays splendidly on my machine.  It does have its bugs, though I experienced very little of them.  I thought a lot of the changes, although still fun, did not exceed the previous AC games.  I feel a lot of the point of a sequel is to excel in everyway or at least stay on par with.  Unity barely stays on par.  In regards to some aspects of the game I wanna say it dropped off a bit.Overall I do recommend this game.  If your computer can handle it, then I say give it a try.  I do hope they change a lot of things for next year's game.  I do not find myself wanting to go back through this game for 100% completion, contrary to my wanting to do that for every other game in the series(excluding AC II's feathers.  Those things are a waste of time)."
,Recommended,289650,13801459,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Msheister,"Dont listen too the other but hurt people in the reviews, they are just mad because they cant run with there Intel HD4000 Intergrated Graphics. As long as you have a minium or recommened GPU standard you will have a blast at this game.I have a MSI R9 280x and on High graphics i run 37-50 FPS constantly.This game has a great story line with 10/10 graphics.As long a you dont have a♥♥♥♥♥♥toshiba laptop you will be fine.Plz stop the buthurt about FPS its fine."
76561198042753569,Recommended,289650,13819570,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,torgan59,Setup:-	CPU i7 4790k-	R9 295x2 8Gb-	16 Gb RAM-	4K MonitorCustom in game setup for graphics:Resolution – 1440pEverything on Ultra High except Antialiasing set to x2 aproxamently 34-47 FPSResolution – 4KEverything on Ultra High except No Antialiasing aproxamently 27-32 FPS some dips down to 20 at times but rare.Hope this helps everyone.
,Recommended,289650,13689605,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,[>StK<] GusDreyer,"I bought the game in pre order, and I was as dissapointed with all the bugs as the next man.But now, after patch 4, it is finally working, I can say, it´s the best AC I ever played. And I played them all.Full of new stuff, CO OP and CO OP free roam it´s a must do. Heist it´s not that good, can be improved."
,Recommended,289650,13726921,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Fallen Angel,This game is amazing and is defiantly worth the money. Just finished the story and it was AMAZING. I'm not sure why some people dont like it. If you have a good enough PC you can handle it with 50 fps on High settings. I have a GTX 970. The interface is amazing and so is the whole game. In my opinion it is the best Assassin's Creed game in the series so far.
76561198014010654,Recommended,289650,13474679,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ballista,"I must be one of the few people who did not encounter a ton of bugs, and the ones I did come across were not game breaking. I managed to complete the game without falling through the ground, but about 5 minutes after the campaign was complete, I did.From my perspective, this game was fun and I enjoyed it. However, taking others' feedback into account,I would recommend waiting to buy it on sale or at least until enough time has passed for patches to come out (keep an eye out on feedback on forums to know if the patches fix certain major complaints), but I still would recommend the game especially if you are a fan of the franchise. Please make sure to keep the PC specs in mind prior to purchase."
,Recommended,289650,13544434,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,EQZ,"I was really dissapointed when it first came out because of all the bugs, however since patch 4 got released its fixed almost all the issues and i am now really enjoying the game. The AI is HEAPS better than previous AC games, this game is actually quite challenging now and the map is HUGEEEEEEEE so much to do. I am loving it!!"
,Recommended,289650,13764135,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Phoenix,"I have had so many save problems, so many random glitches, and so many errors while playing through this game.That being said, I will happily replay the story line just because the improvements they have made on previous AC games is huge. The freerunning is stellar compared to the last releases (i had too many issues with black flag), the graphics are amazing, as always, and the storylines are actually well done  (yes both main and side quests).Good Job!"
76561198073773419,Recommended,289650,13777740,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SAPPHRRRRS,after the bugs fixed it got better yay
76561198039603119,Recommended,289650,13128070,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,terry.bayliss,Please fix this game
76561198106717292,Recommended,289650,13941963,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,atomsmasher,"This is a well made game.  The combat and movement are very smooth and detailed.  The story line was well developed.  The leveling and extent of character customability is amazing and well.  Although, hack points are a mostly pay to earn part of the game, players can easily play througa game without buying a single hack point.  In my opinion, it lives up to the expectations that its predecessors have layed down before it.  It was a great game."
76561198072045401,Recommended,289650,13896760,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,L'Appel du Vide,I don't have any of the problems everyone's talking about. Weird. This is a good game when it run properly. touching story + good parkour system. There's also a book written by Oliver Bowden. If you want to truly understand the game you should buy it. The book is Elise de la Serre's journal. Also good graphics quality and Paris is very beautiful :) Recommend it :)
,Recommended,289650,13797691,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fowler,"Amazing dynamic environments, open world freedom, character animation, and fun easy but deep combat with skills.  Best single player game made.I've beat the game and only had a hung npc that wouldn't continue on a quest, one out of the hundreds I played through.Ubisoft needs to create an random loot generator to give their titles more reward for combat.  The rewards are the only lacking area keeping me from playing for years.  For an example of a good game that makes you feel rewarded endlessly study Champions of Norrath.This game redefines the triple A title and I could buy Shadows of Mordor even on sale as I knew it wouldn't compare technically."
76561198099181594,Recommended,289650,13789538,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,mrswishy,"It's a next gen game... of course you're going to need a high end PC to run it.Best combat since AC2. Best open world since AC2 (for those that didn't enjoy sailing anyway).Some nice customisation touches.A little dissappointed that my Helix purchases have failed? Let's hope UBISOFT reimburse me at some point!!!Check your spec before installing, but an excellent addition to the franchise.  8/10"
,Recommended,289650,13543245,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,daniels,"at this moment, the game is not as bad anymore as when it started of, though there are stil a lot of things to be fixed. like the menu, if you forget the bugs for a sec, the game looks awesome, the story is realy good, and i think it's definitly worth its price, if there will be updates to fix the bugs."
76561198074951097,Recommended,289650,13530690,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Makrain,"Let me say first this is really poorly optimized game.Even after all the patching so far things like random lag/stuttering happen once in while when turning the camera quickly or just looking around or having afternoon walk(even with gtx980 graphics card, 3770k i7 processor overclocked to 4.3ghz and 16gb ram)After getting familar with the controls and knowing how to prevent Arno from jumping on the walls all the time(or atleast less)it was pretty entertaining game and lots of things to do.But these annoying addon features(companion app,initiate) are just completely useless, poor way of trying to make more content to the game, quantity doesnt equal quality.They should have really focused on properly optimizing the game and working out the bugs/glitches and leave the useless extra stuff out.Being able to play with your friends and make club is nice feature but it shouldnt be a requirement for getting the high end equipment.Another thing that bothered me and my friend after she pointed that flaw to me was the lack of french accent in the english dialog. Sure the citizens talk few lines in french but the characters you interact with speak like they were natural english speakers and not french.That would have made the feel of actually being in france more realistic.But when the npcs and arno speak almost accentles english it looses the feel.Overall it was entertaining game with lots of eyecandy(from my experience)that just should have been delayed to beginning of 2015 to fix most of the problems. I didn't have any crashing problems with it so i guess im just lucky."
76561198026368526,Recommended,289650,13726982,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,bjcrobinson,"Fun Game inital bugs starting to be sorted, would recommend if you have enjoyed the previous Assassin's Creed titles"
76561198083195335,Recommended,289650,13727179,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Richard Cranium,"People complain of the bugs and other displesantries that annoy them, but I've yet to run into anything game braking or anything that would truely stop me from playing it. Dragon age Inquisition had such bad bugs I had to stop playing it because it would randomly crash.Unity however is quite pleasnt. It delivers where it promised to with seamless transistion from single to cooperative play, all off the same character with the same skills that you work on from the begining. It carries a heafty collection of color schemes and options of play styles, making it pleasantly customizable.Truely my only complaint of the game itself is the better weapons and armour all look stupid. All I wanted was a dirty rustic Assasin with a huge overpowered ax and a dirty tattered hood so I could look much like the peasants. That, and I cant seem to figure out how to play with my Clan."
76561198022953240,Not Recommended,289650,15848123,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Little Boy Nithipong,"assassin's creed unity : อ้ายมาสี่คน(5/10 B+)บอกก่อนว่าเราไม่ได้เป็นแฟนเกมซีรี่ย์นี้แต่อย่างใด ซื้อภาคเก่าๆมาเล่นแปบๆก็เบื่อไม่ค่อยรู้อะไรมาก แต่เห็นตัวอย่างภาคนี้มันน่าสนใจดีเลยอยากจะรู้ไอ้เกมมือสังหารข้ามมิติเวลาเนี้ยมันสนุกแค่ไหนผมค่อยข้างโชคดีนะซื้อมาตอนแรกแล้วไม่ที่ไม่ค่อยเจอ bugsผมชอบที่เขาทำบรรยายกาศของฝรั่งเศษออกมาได้ดี ทำให้ชวนนึกถึงหนังเรื่อง  les miserables ที่ประชาชนคนฝรั่งเศษอยู่อย่างแออัดระบบการเล่น : จะเป็นแนว open world ฟรีรันนิ่ง ลองสังหาร ตัวเราสามารถท่องไปตามตรอกซอกซอยต่างๆของฝรั่งเศษได้อย่างอิสระ ไม่ว่าจะเป็นทางเท้าหรือหลังคาก็ตามตอนแรกผมนึกว่าเป็นเกมแนวลอบฆ่าอย่างเดียว แต่พอเล่นกลับพบว่ามันเน้นแอคชั่นต่อสู้เหมือนกันนะ มีดาบ มีหอก หน้าไม้ ยันไปถึงปืนยาว ทำระบบ combat ได้ลื่นไหลดีนะชอบ แต่ถึงอย่างงั้นเกมก็แนะนำให้เราสู้มักจะให้เราย่องเดินจิ้มภาพ: ทำออกมากินสเปคมาก ถือว่าสวยดีมาก  การะขยับของโคลงหน้าดูดีไม่แข็ง เกมเล่นกับแสงและควันได้ดีกว่าที่คิดA.I. โอเค ไม่โง่จนเกินไป ไม่ได้เก่งจนเกินไป อยู่ในหลักที่พอดีๆอยู่ข้อเสีย:  เกมมันดูไร้แรงจุงใจไปหน่อย มันค่อนข้างน่าเบื่อนะการทำภารกิจแบบเดิมซ่ำๆ ภารกิจเสริมก็ดูจะไม่ค่อยมีอะไรมาก เกมไม่มีอะไรมาดึงดูมาทำให้เราเล่น พอเล่นจบไม่มีความรู้สึกอยากกลับมาเล่นใหม่อีรอบ-bugs คือบอกไม่เจอมันก็ไม่ถูก bugs บางตัวยังมีให้สังเกตง่ายอยู่ แต่ก็ไม่ได้น่าเกลียดอะไร-สเปคคอมก็สูงเกินไปสำหรับบางคน (ส่วนผมเล่นได้สบาย)สรุป โดยรวมแล้ว ผม..ไม่แนะนำให้ซื้อครับคือเกมมันก็ ไม่ได้สนุกอะไรขนาดที่ว่า ""ซื้อเลยๆ"" ระบบลองสังหาร หลบหนี ต่อสู้ผมว่าทำออกมาโอเค แต่ราคามันค่อนข้างจะแพงอยู่พอตัว(ผมซื้อใน steam 1,790) ถ้าคนซื้อแบบแผ่นราคา 999 บาท ผมก็ว่ามันไม่คุ้มอยู่ดีเล่นแล้วก็รู้เฉยๆมาก ผมไม่ค่อยใจว่าภาคเก่าเป็นยังไงนะ แต่บอกเลยว่าภาคนี้ทำออกมากลางๆไม่ดีมาก แถมตอนออกใหม่ๆก็มี bugs ออมาให้เห็นเด่นชัดเกินไปเนื้อเรื่องก็ดูงั้นๆไม่เด่นไรมาก ถ้าใครที่อยากเล่นจริงๆผมแนะนำให้เช็คสเปคตัวเองก่อน  ถ้าซื้อมาเล่นแล้วกระตุกอาจทำให้หงุดหงิดเสียเปล่าๆ อย่างที่ผมบอกประจำครับ...รอลดดีกว่า"
,Not Recommended,289650,31301152,Posted: 22 April,all,tnT⍩,dont just run away dont plz just dont
,Not Recommended,289650,19321922,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DrunkOctopus,"8/10 on the ps4.Rip my PC's graphics cardPs4:- Great storyline- Great customization- Amazing weapons- Cool main characters- Not bad on the co-op spectrum- Advanced combat for an Assassins Creed game, I like it!- I never run out of things to do. Or NPCs to run into.."
,Recommended,289650,13051133,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Nick The Canadian Core,"It works unlike those other people with problems. I thank the game with funny glitches, like this one.But the frames per second, Oi, they make a paperflip animation look realistic!"
,Recommended,289650,17574812,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Silenced,"suprisenly its a pretty fun game and lately (or now its been a year) its a stable game, although there is a nasty, rare glitch but that shouldnt be a problem THE ONLY MASSIVE complaint tho is, THERES NO OPTION TO RESTART. Yes i am correct if you complete the game and want to replay it tough luck you cant, also if you turn of anti alisinssgd-ing (or however you spell it) the game almost always runs on 60fps7/10 recommend when on a deal"
,Not Recommended,289650,19837986,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Reptilienski,"Worst game in 10 years,dont buy it,UBI wont let you play it,they dont care about you,they care about money"
76561198047292180,Not Recommended,289650,26677430,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,yay,Boring and glitchy
,Recommended,289650,13930328,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,tron20,It is hardware hungry as hell and there are still some glitches. So why is this game so good? Walking around Paris with hundreds of NPCs is one of the best experiences I ever had in a game.
,Recommended,289650,13640717,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Cyanic,walked ten feet and the game crashed.10/10 would walk again
76561198059892603,Recommended,289650,13990735,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Cavernman,"Got this game AFTER the major fixes and patches had been initiated.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^I've played every Assassin's Creed, they are my ""Call of Duty""... They are always the same, but I love the hell out of them.Far too easy though.This one? Amazing! I haven't found one single bug, the fighting is very challenging, the side-missions are GREAT, the story is GREAT, the free-running is fantastic and is easily fun to just run around.I like to play with almost no upgrades as it makes the game even more challenging (Whereas previous series, I played with only fists)My only gripe is that Assassin's Creed developers have just given up on the very cool fighting knives. I miss them deeply, they looked fantastic... And assassin's use them all the time.. So where are they?Anyway, buy this damn game. It's fantastic. 9/10 (*Want a 10? Gimme my damn knife back*)"
,Recommended,289650,13007079,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,forasp,"Caveat emptor: There are serious performance issues right now, buying in right now will likely leave you disappointed with performance.Despite its myriad of flaws (mostly on the polishing and optimization), the game is still absolutely playable for most (including myself). The exceptionally low fps is something many might find issue with, but you always have the option to play with high quality at low fps or low quality at high fps. Despite what a number of people have said, the voice acting isn't lacking, and neither are the facial expressions. at 1080p+ you might get more detail than at lower resolutions, which could make a difference as many of the visual cues are extremely subtle (realistically and enjoyably so). I honestly DO feel like this is a step down from black flag in some ways, but it's still very fun, and story driven players will still enjoy the plot."
,Recommended,289650,13106805,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Gummyitalian,"Well, when it comes to this game people have mixed reviews because some experience fps drops, game destroying bugs, poor navigation, and so on. Now I have a GTX 780 and i run this completely fine at ultra. It's relatively smooth and I rarely see huge fps drops. When speaking about the game bugs like npcs falling through floors, I still have yet to experience any. The only bug i've seen which only happened only once, was when two npcs floated up towards the sky. Now, we get to navigation. For me navigation has sometimes been, treacherous, but most of the time I could get around quickly. Don't get me wrong, the gameplay can and WILL seem like Arno is covered in superglue, but that is self explanatory. When people buy an Assassin's Creed game these are things that you KNOW are going to happen. I still don't let these bugs and problems hurt my reputation for the game because I consider myself a relatively die hard fan. Assassin's Creed Unity, I think, deserves a thumbs up because I had a fun time enjoying the game and still do. For others I understand if you hate it because you probably do experience these bugs, but for me it's definetely minimal."
30495823710309488,Recommended,289650,14045074,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,☣BILLIE☣,Let's just say it's an awesome game.
76561198068799344,Recommended,289650,13778278,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,bob,"great game with great storyline and all but one question: WHY THE HELL ISNT IT SUPPORTED FOR A GODDAMN LAPTOP. IS UBISOFT REALLY SO LAZY. and also SO MANY BUGS!!!!!!!!!!!!if it was supported for laptop, i would give it a 9/10 but it isnt so i rate it a 7/10reccomended for desktop users but dont buy this game if you are a laptop user"
76561198315613375,Recommended,289650,33093218,Posted: 1 July,all,MCSECONDKILL,One of the best Assassin creed game ... keep it up!
,Not Recommended,289650,28840951,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Wolf(TechFreak),"The storyline is just ok, but the videos and pictures of the game make it look WAY better than it actually does.I thought that since i got a 1080 recently, it would look way better: NOPEAC3 looks better and feels more responsive than this game- go play that again."
76561197998486653,Not Recommended,289650,22558151,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Jean-Nick,J'ai un bon ordinateur et mon frame rating tombe souvent a 6 même avec les graphiques au plus low.Le jeux est injouable et a un look dégeulass a ce niveau.En comparaison black flag était beaucoup plus beau et fluide. Cette édition d'assassin's creed est une vrai insulte pour les fans.
76561198309558284,Not Recommended,289650,29751841,Posted: 6 February,all,william.surratt.1,I can't play this game for 5 MINUTES whithout it crashing or not letting me move my character. DO NOT BUY
76561198100439226,Not Recommended,289650,24977303,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DEPRESSEDREPUPLICAN,Because it was made in unity
,Not Recommended,289650,17179348,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Neko Ragafraga,i could not sit throw it
76561198129154334,Recommended,289650,15435307,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,WarriorXinda,"Grande Jogo.Grafico pft *-*,sem duvida ''UM DOS'' melhores Assassisn Creed q ja joguei :D"
,Recommended,289650,13986300,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,The Doctor,"Dead Kings isnt working, half way through the Ubisoft presents..... It skips to arno and I cant move o do anything, it makes it look like a impotant cutscence with no ""e"" to skip. Other wise, AMAZING GAME!"
76561198105162957,Not Recommended,289650,15269329,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Dumbass,Not now this game is not playable evers
76561198115136367,Recommended,289650,14051470,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ErrorTooMuchSalt,the best game i ever played
76561198203693025,Not Recommended,289650,17696783,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Crazy-Suits,"So many buggs. I hate it. At the beginning, you think that you are op because of your gear. But THEN , when you meet the BIG enemies. This isn't even fun at all. They kill you with one sword, sticking up throuh your♥♥♥♥♥ I would not buy this title because the time has come, that Ubisoft just wants to make money with the AC Saga."
,Recommended,289650,14394327,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,The_Ravenous_Knight,Its a fun game is it works on your computer
,Not Recommended,289650,28587927,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BlackHawk1159,This piece of dirty rotting garbage doesn't deserve to have assassins creed in the title.
76561198118126341,Recommended,289650,13709117,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,AeroHybrid,The game looks awesome to play with but...my GOD........they seriously need to fix the laggy frame-rate and bugs for the STEAM/PC :/
,Recommended,289650,13722607,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,JakeTakesTheCake,"I was hesitant about buying this since there were so many negative reviews claiming it was ""unplayable"" and ""buggy beyond belief"" but I had heard the same about the other AC games and never experienced a game breaking bug so I bought this one. I'm not sure if it was the low expectations or if it's a great game or a combination of the two but I am having a blast with it. Tight controls, gorgeous environments, fresh new gameplay for the series. It all really works. I have had one or two bugs that interfered with my gameplay but they were both just funny and didn't bother me. I'm starting to believe that many people are actively searching for things to complain about with this game. Honestly, if you're considering this game, ignore the reviews and go watch someones' Let's Play of it. That way you can see how often the bugs pop up and you're not just watching a montage of nitpicking bugs. I have noticed that some people have had serious game breaking bugs while playing so I don't think their complaints aren't warranted but don't form your opinion of it based on what some random person said."
,Recommended,289650,13564599,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,pr,This is the best Assassin's Creed game. I love it!!!!!!!
,Recommended,289650,13580118,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,tylerhouser36,"It takes a minute to get used to the combat styles, and controls, but the gameplay itself is great. Durring it's intial release, the game had a number of bugs just like watch dogs, but they worked them out. I currently have a GTX 970 and i can run everything on max graphics. Combat is hard yes, but i like a  good challenge."
76561198043093974,Not Recommended,289650,19565861,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,$heogorath,.
,Not Recommended,289650,20997030,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Cunt Juice,it says it requires a uplay account rly ubisoft rly?
76561198042267552,Not Recommended,289650,17180245,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,「Randy Man Sandy Savage」,never finished itits uninstalled.
,Not Recommended,289650,22648967,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,"❤ Ela, Bosak \\","Got scarred for life while playing this.Serious; worst Assassin's Creed so far, horrible performance and graphical errors. Co-op also not what most people probably expected."
76561198097191087,Not Recommended,289650,16177275,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Man=Triggered,It doesn't work just dont get it.
76561198187415438,Not Recommended,289650,28649938,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DJ SLIM DICK69,This ♥♥♥♥ing game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ubisoft i cant even get this game to work properly
,Not Recommended,289650,31732058,Posted: 13 May,all,Evol,The worst game of Assasins's series ever.The worst 25 hours of gaming in my life.Complete the main story and delete.
,Recommended,289650,34339510,Posted: 18 August,all,我每天都打擊全球攻勢,good game it have good graphics
,Not Recommended,289650,29272789,Posted: 15 January,all,0P2C,can someone just ♥♥♥♥ING Tell me HOW the ♥♥♥♥ can i play this game without crushing every 30 minutes?
,Recommended,289650,13426991,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Vermillord farmskins.com,"Good game, but still needs more improvement on connection, graphics, and the co-op mode"
,Not Recommended,289650,23472385,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Joshman10001,CANT PLAY THIS♥♥♥♥♥
76561198080914914,Recommended,289650,13093994,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,gsamarit,"With the patches that were put out, I haven't had any issues with frame rate.It is not the awesome roller coaster ride that 4 was, but I still enjoyed the slower, darker themes that went on."
76561197969819787,Recommended,289650,17839558,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Amik,"Game runs well at 40 FPS in 4k mode. However, i wish that some of the graphics (especially on the characters and NPCs, as well as long distance view) could be better. Still worth picking up though.-The graphics are amazing if and only iff the game is amazing."
,Not Recommended,289650,25819310,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,alex,"very, very poor performance"
76561198121283057,Recommended,289650,14084016,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,yolo2014,i like the storyline
,Recommended,289650,13001462,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Arumenn,"In some previous AC games, I haven't really felt like an assassin. In the overdone recreation of XVIII century Paris, I was able to sneak everywhere; plan my paths to my targets to minimize contact with the enemy guards; and even had time to safely retreat to safety, ressuply, and find an other way to finish the missions without failing and restarting over and over again.I say ""overdone recreation"", because for the single player missions, most of Paris is surplus. Landmarks and monuments are of course really well done but it's a given since it's an AC game. Side quests are not very interesting. Well, I'm not much of a completionist, I did some murder mysteries, nostradamus riddles etc. but it seemed pointless aside for unlocking unnessesary stuff. And there is quite a lot of those side quests.However, since we finally play a stealthy assassin, there was nothing like managing the Brotherhood, distrupting Templar's grip on the city by taking outpost by outpost or things like that. Capturing naval forts in Black Frag was very fun but not so stealthy and not so assassin-minded, so it's okay if this kind of gameplay is misssing from Unity.The essential Parkour element of the game was finally something that can be qualitified as decent and fluid. Press this button to climb up, this one to climb down. Want to stealth? No need to look for pre-defined ""stealth here only"" spots, just press the stealth button and voila, you stay low profile, make less noise and can move from cover to cover to get to the perfect spot for a double air assassination.For once, Ubi didn't took the player for a complete noob and forcing us to play a tutorial : Arno got his blade, fast forward a year, got his first real assignment. Want to train? Do the tutorials as a side-activity.For once, Ubi didn't force-fed the ""modern"" story missions. Aside from the occasional useless and irritating shift to an other time period. You want to know what happens in the modern world? It's a side quest available on the map. Don't care? Well don't and play some other mission.As is proper theses days, this big budget game was released unfinished and bugged. But, since I was able to play the game even with a graphics card below the advised minimum requirements, I can't complain much. I was just happy to play without dishing out $$$ for hardware. Just wait for patches and you should be fine.Props to Ubi for the character Elise, and for the subtle Hobbit reference."
,Recommended,289650,13096167,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,erel96,Great game!Some framerate drops but when they fix them there shouldn't be many problems.
,Recommended,289650,13032382,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Gaming101,"AWESOME GAME :D, returns to the actual assassins creed style after to much sailing and pirating!"
76561198012628530,Recommended,289650,13011036,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Chenpokomon,"It started out bad... real bad. The game began to turn around though after day 1. Now it is playable and enjoyable at that. I can understand the early hate for this games optimization, but now its mainly people trying to complain because they lack the proper system to meet the requirements list. This is a quality game with more patching it could be great."
76561198006908640,Recommended,289650,13216227,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Mezirsha,"I am enjoying this game a lot, I really love the setting and gameplay. It has probably the most new features of all AC games besides the first one.It must be said however that at launch this games was buggy and still is relatively heavy for mediocore machines.Also ... requires Uplay :(+CoopThough not available in all missions, coop is lots offun and generally works good -- if you can connect to your partners+ 'new' engine of movementvisible in movements that no longer look the same as those of ezio and altairAlso a downward button makes climbing a lot more easy and fun+ French revolution!bit personal though, the chaotic ambiance of the time period is very clear, also makes it a bit more believable when   people are randomly killed+ customizationBrings player choices to the game, around 5-7 clothing parts per level (6 levels) for each slot (head, body, legs, wrist/gloves), 6 different weapon types, including ranged, 6 levels as well+ Graphics look pretty sweet imoit's apparently debatable, but the large collections of people next to the level of detail of the buidlings and people is great.+ AI is a better, fights are a lot harderNo more taking the whole crew of a manowar on your own, as far as I've seen 4-5 is the max.AI searches a little bit better when they've lost you, still pretty easy to vanish though.- buggyMainly at launch and mostly gone, but a few persist. Connection issues was my biggest problem.Also got stuck in the floor 2 times in about 20 gamehours.-Uplaynuff said- Availability of microtransactions and randomly expensive stuffthus far only seen useless weaponpacks and boosts (doing more damage for x mins) for purchase-/+ Companion app and AC initiates (Not Required)would be horrible if it was required to play all missions or unlock all gear. However companion app is not required for those and initiates seems to work automaticaly. In the end they give some fun customization options, that you can miss (I could, at least)-/+ Club competition required for most highest level equipmentFirstly, club (guild/clan) competion hasn't been released yet, might become + or - ...Not sure if winning is required, but these items seem to be unobtainable for people not member of a club or even without a competetive nature.Generally:Recommended to everyone with a love forsemi-historic adventure gamesassasins creedcoopClearly not recommended for whiners and people want to play an optimized bug-free game above all else, unless one of the above applies :)."
76561197984500121,Recommended,289650,13493420,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,astarks3,"They're still working the bugs out, but I already like it more than 3 and Black Flag. The system needed the overhaul, and the free running aspect is probably the most improved by the new engine. No more competitive multiplayer which never should have been included in Assassin's Creed in the first place. Overall, it should only get better with time."
,Recommended,289650,13183101,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Dankalank,"Yes... there have been many crashes and it is a bit laggy, but the game overall is pretty fun. When I had first gotten the game it could not start, but if you install GeForce Experience, the started to work and I could actually play. The game is really fun and looks nice if you can turn up your settings even a litlle bit. Co-op is amazing and playing with friends is awesome ( I wish this feature was in earlier games). There are tons of side missions so you won't get bored after the story. This game does have its many downsides as you can probably tell from other reviews, but it has just as many good things to show too. If you meet the recommended or minimum requirements, I would definately recommend that you buy this game."
,Recommended,289650,13011612,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,thiccboy23,Okay first things first im the realest...Okay in all seriousness there are ALOT of bugs in this game although it has a great storyline. It also has some of the best Co Op Missions i have played.I am running this game at 60 FPS With Medium-High SettingsSpecsGTX 750 Ti SuperClocked 2G Factory Edition64 Bit Operating SystemWindows 8.1AMD 6300 (6 Core Processer)8GB Of Ram4 FansI recommend this game to ANYONE with atleast a GTX 750(I have no idea about radion cards xD)
,Recommended,289650,13877754,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,deralt44,"I Like the game. I have had none of the trouble that others complain about. The game worked first time. No crashes , stuttering or failure to start. Perhaps I am easy to please but I can only judge as I find."
76561197988667245,Recommended,289650,13012316,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,andyjadams,"Not the best Assassin Creed game (I'm still a fan of ACII) but it is still a lot of fun.  Once you figure out a setup that works for you.  For me by far the biggest improvement was switching off the Vsync.  With Vsync on it was pretty much unplayable.  I only have a 760 so apparently my system is below spec, but with the Vsync off I get a decent game.I'm actually enjoying the game and I really like the detective missions.  A nice addition for when you want to just take it slow.  I'm not finding the AI too brutal.  Fighting is possible but with much tougher NPC's but it can be over before you know you are in trouble.Some of the missions seem a little easier than other AC games, but there are plenty of ways to achieve the result, so may be I just figured out the secret.Over all I like it, but man are the specs high.  I have had random crashes.  Usually if the PC has been on for a while.  So it's back to the old way of restarting the PC before playing and making sure only the necessary are running.  Haven't had to do that for a long time.I'm hoping they optomise it better.  For now I am able to get a relatively stable game, but I can totally see why many gamers are getting frustrated.  It is good to see that the developers are listening and being transparent with the updates.  It helps, but many of the issues I feel should have been solved before release.  And being in an IT professional I do know what I'm talking about.So stick with it, it is worth it."
,Recommended,289650,13045400,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,RambaZambaMamba,"So I finished the main sequence like 10 mins ago. And I feel the urge to write my first review.I dont get why most of you are ""hating"" on ubisoft or what not.First to the game:I kind of liked it. In my oppinion, one of the best ACs although the story is not that emotionally intoxicating like AC2 or Black Flag. I think there could have been a somewhat more intense story setting in the french revolution (please do not get me wrong, it IS a great story, but I had a different feeling after completing Black flag - I was kind of sad). Lets see what the dlc will bring.Second the technical asprects:yeah, i did not experience anything negative - hardware related - at all, but to be honest my rig is relatively new (i7-4790k 8gb ram 780 it is sufficient for ultra settings with hbao+ - although you have to accept some frame drops but i think they are more related to my hardware and not to optimization things).Most of all, I want to say something concerning the bugs and whatsnot in the game:if you EVER were into coding you would know that even something easy like programming an address book or what not is hard enough. so what i want to say is that i can not imagine how a company - even ubisoft, ea or whoever - is able to test the software on all combinations of hardware and driver versions, so i dont get why so many people are hating on that. do i apologise companies publishing incomplete games? absolutely not. but i think with even greater software projects it is impossible to test said software on all possible machines. excluding ps and xbox because the publisher KNOWS the hardware (so no excuse on that front). so yeah, i dont want to know how much money is spent on debbuging a game like unity. Hope you agree at some point with me :)"
,Recommended,289650,13044452,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Ideal Logic,"Okay, there are way too many negative reviews, and I know for a fact, this game isn't bad.The game has only crashed on me once so far, and as far as performance issue, I occasionally dip under 60 FPS, but only occasionally, and there was one moment when it hung up, freeze for about 20-40 seconds, but in unfroze itself. I'm running the game on High settings, and my computer can ""handle"" Ultra, but the FPS tanks too low to tolerate for me, but I pretty much don't tolerate if it can't stay above 50 FPS.As far as microtransactions and bugs, there are occasional MINOR bugs, but they aren't too distracting and are not game breaking. The ones I've noticed so far are NPCs standing in weird places (on a table, etc.) which is quickly self-rectified, Arno having trouble with the navigation a bit (which is also quickly rectified by simply altering movement direction slightly), and enemies who are dead start squirming on ground as if still alive (it's slight though so it's not THAT big of a deal).As far as people complaining about navigation, it is NOT buggy or bad. It's actually quite fun. There is still some challenge for climbing some areas, and in my opinion a MAJOR improvement. It IS meant for gamepads though, and will take some time getting used to, and even then, sometimes it'll not do what you want it to do, but that's been present in nearly every AC game so far to a certain degree.Keep in mind, that I played this game with a beefier setup than probably most using 8 GB of RAM, a NVidia GeForce GTX 660 Ti w/ 3 GB of vRAM, a dual quad-core i7 processor at 3.4 gHz, and used a gamepad and not a keyboard. You need more than just the right video card to run this game, you need RAM, and a processor that can handle it."
76561198073972122,Recommended,289650,13963104,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Droops Mcgee,"Alright so I normally don't write reviews. This game has gotten a really bad reputation for which I understand. Ubisoft was stupid for putting such a broken game on the market in the first place. However, I bought this game in the holiday sale and I have been pretty pleased. I am running the game with a much lower rig than recommended at 1600x900 res which isn't great, but it gets the job done. Since the patches have come out, the gameplay has been dramatically improved. Technical issues aside, this game has been fantastic.The city of Paris is huge and gorgeous and a blast to run and climb through. Arno is fully customizable and has loads of different outfits, weapons, and skills to buy and upgrade. In my limited time playing, the missions have been fun. The mysteries are a good change of pace even if they are a little too simple. Still you get the boring ""follow and protect this person"" mission but the world is so huge and emersive it has a much better feel.Combat is one of the things that suprised me most. There is still a parry/counterattack system but it takes a few ques from the arkham series. Counterattacking is no longer an instakill and other enemies will attack while Arno is in the middle of counterattacking which you must parry. It has been different getting use to this system but I have enjoyed it.Now I have been a huge fan of the AC series since the first installment. I am probably biased here, and I know I got the game later after a lot of issues had been fixed. If you are a fan of AC, I would say get the game. Maybe not for full price and make sure you have a rig that can run it. If you don't like AC, this game will not change your mind. Overall, I am a fan. I just hope Ubisoft has learned its lesson and won't put another game out for sale before it is finished."
,Recommended,289650,13294300,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Norjen,"Listen, I really should say this in my review before I start off:This game NEEDS compatibility patches for the graphics.I have a one year old PC (Alien ware) with all the reccomend specs, some even above reccomended, and I still lag on low.However, the lag on low graphics is minimal for me so I can still play.Therefore, I will be basing this review off of gameplay, instead of the obvious graphic issues it has.The game itself is wonderful. With me playing 11 hours of it, and planning to continue it even more, if you can ignore the lag, the gameplay itself is really good.The parkour is sticky like it always is in Assassins Creed, but has some cool new animation.The combat is REALLY redone, in the sense that you're not an invincible god. I find myself running out of medicine quite easily, especially when you are fighting 5+6 people with the ones shooting you in the back. This encourages harder combat, but also for you to use stealth rather than running in and be a killing machine like you were in all the previous assassins creed games.Overall, this game is good, and would be a great assassins creed game if they could only fix the graphics issues."
76561197983104214,Recommended,289650,13702693,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,italianrobert,"1) I'm lucky - not rich. I play on a mid-level laptop. YET...I don't have any glitches, frame rate problems, crashes, etc.2) I liked AC IV more. A LOT more. Still, this is several notches better than 1, 2, 3 and the various other AC side releases.3) Co-Op is hours of supplementary fun.4) The story line can become dull/repetitive here and there.5) Working through the rare lull in narrative excitement is instantly rewarded with action and fast-paced plot progression.6) The multi-faceted gameplay is expansive and immersive, and intrinsically rewarding.7) The game is gorgeous.8) The parkour mechanics are superbly streamlined and intuitive, more than ever before - thus, just inter-mission exploring is thrilling and addictive.9) As always, I wish there was more than the default difficulty level to choose from.10) I strongly recommend using a gamepad. Keyboard and mouse controls are a veritable nightmare and interfere with the supple free-running mechanics that are central to all aspects of AC gameplay.11) The system for learning and accessing Assassin abilities, tools, and weapons adds anticipation and a sense of accomplishment that lasts from beginning to end.12) The storyline is long and fulfilling. Sidequests and unlockables are expansive and overwhelming - as they should be!8.7/10"
,Recommended,289650,13026309,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,✓⎝Prof. Jhon Dimbus⎠✓,Really fun! I had a great experience with ACU with minimal bugs. There were times when frames dropped but it was shortlived and didn't interfere too much with gamepley. Strongly reccommend.
,Recommended,289650,13024902,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Fordfx2,"Despite the glitches, I still love AC! You just need a good rig to run it....I've barely ran into any problems with it. Forget all those other whiners and just buy the game....as long as you have a 780 TI :)"
76561197974315942,Recommended,289650,13117350,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,RogueDelta,Assassin's Creed is a great game.. It runs fine on my system as well as on each of my three children's systems.. The visuals are outstanding and I love the Paris architecture.. I also have enjoyed the story line.. I would recommend that you make a backup of the saved game files.. I did lose some data because of a sync error.. This has only happened once though.
76561198125244055,Recommended,289650,12955130,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mixter,"I didn't have as much problems with the game like everyone elase had. It was buggy and glitched at first, but it is occuring less. The framerate was pretty bad at high graphics, that just might be my computer. Turning the graphics down the medium helped a ton. The game does freeze up sometimes and take a minute or two to start back up.Overall, it's really not as bad as people say it is. Just be patient with it and give it some time."
76561198054780533,Recommended,289650,13182503,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,DoctorWarbandHD,"After fixing all the bugs, I can firmly say this is the best Assassin's Creed I played. Story line is engaging, believable characters (as much as Assassin's Creed can be :P), all the side activities were helpful and fun! Didn't even start doing sidemissions, and it was already not boring when I was walking from mission to mission! (And there was a LOT of walking, Paris is HUGE). Also, it was set in the French Revolution, and I was studying for a test on it when the game came out so I can verify, almost 100% historical accuracy! Even though Napoleon was only a teen in the French Revolution, not an adult.A few things I didn't like about the game though, is the fact all the character (even soldiers you were fighting) had British accents and most of them never even said a sentence in French! The only people that spoke French were the un-killable NPCs (all the Paris population) and the shop owners. I give this game a solid 7.5/10, a very solid and fun game, and I reccomand playing it!"
76561197960282791,Recommended,289650,13453908,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kyote,"With most of the bugs fixed, Unity is a lot more fun. It's still not the great game Black Flag was, but the city is gorgeous, there's lots to do, and as an added bonus, the hero isn't Connor."
,Recommended,289650,13060005,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Henrylee54,"While the Story of the game was a dissapointment, it is not without enjoyment. It was confusing, and didn't utilize the great environment it had. It barely made use of the revolution, and it made the same mistake Watch Dogs made. As confusing as it was though, there were many notable times in the story that was very exciting, and that i plan on replaying for the pure adrenaline and emotion it enduced. The overarching story behind the actions you do in the game is confusing and not very flushed out, but the individual moments you experience in the story mode are exhilerating and very enjoyable.Aside from the story the rest of the game is fantastic. The Devs put so much work into this game, you truly feel like a part of Paris when you roam the streets. The game has been fine tuned and feels very good, besides some minor glitches. There is also a ton to do outside of the story missions, so dont let that deter you from the game. Its still loads of fun.Botom Line: Assassin's Creed Unity is a massive game, and and enthralling experience. No other game can offer an experience like this, and it is very fun. Except that the story of the game felt like just an afterthought, which was dissapointing, but doesnt ruin the game. It is still worth playing!"
76561198058804201,Recommended,289650,13900844,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,BenDover,"AC UNITY REVIEW (System: Intel core i7 4790K @ 4 ghz, Gigabyte GTX 970, 16GB DDR3)Performance:I've played 40 hours and haven't had a single performance bug. NOT ONE. I'm not lying so ""I can get you guys wallet♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; as the people who are crying about this game are saying to silence the positive reviews. I seriously have not had one bug that affected performance. I had 2-3 during a full playtime that were all small objects that didin't render in with textures. OH BOY HOW CAN WE COPE??? I know i'm running a 970 so you may argue that ""I don't have to worry about performance"" but apparently people with 980's in SLI are having issues so yeah. Anyways I get a solid 50-60 frames which may not be acceptable for you 60fps minimum fanatics out there but it ran smooth as butter for me, If you're having problems then cool, but I'm not suffering at all. I Played the game at 3 pm on day 2 (My internet is slow) so there MAY have been a day 1 patch (idk) but whatever.Now for the actual game:Story: This seems to be hit or miss for most people, it's definetly not as engaging as Black Flag's story but it makes sense and dosen't even really have any real-life segments and that's a plus for me as Desmond's story is boring and ACIV's Abstergo office moments pulled me entirely out of the experience. Arno is a decent character, I'm not spoiling anything about the plot besides that there's a kind of predictable ending death but overall it works and story isin't why I buy AC games anyways (Not to say this is not a good story, because it is)Story = 8/10Graphics: YES. Like the first scene is actually kind of mediocre and put me off from the game, but once I got into paris it was SHOCK AND AWE. Like, good enough to understand 3GB vram reccomended. Every texture looks amazing, every cobblestone looks unique, the citizens look great, you can see farther than before and even that little house in the distance is totally visitable, the interiors looks amazing due to great Nvidia technologies (sorry AMD) and the game overall is just AMAZING graphically. I can't even explain it. You have to see it.Graphics = 9/10Gameplay: This is most different AC yet. Like I mean, theres so much more to do. If I didin't get Far Cry 4 with my 970 I'd have already sunk 80 hours into this. It's just so fun and entertaining. Combat is about 3x harder, any group bigger than 3-4 guys is a challenge, and stealth is a viable option this time. Every main assassination gives you a target and thats it, not to mention you can change up the mission too. For example, the first time I played a mission I stealthed through and killed him normally. The second time I freed the captives and got a force of 20 armed allies and put them against the 60 or so guards (YES 60) and it was a massive battle. I was like very far away but It looked like I was seeing it in real life and it was just so realistic and the guards finally won but the entire compound was At the battle scene so I simply ran over to the target and knifed him. The weapon variety is insanely nice, long weapons, heavy weapons, medium weapons (swords) not to mention pistols and muskets, same with armor, you can mix and match for days, be a emerald-green arabian looking assassin with a gold axe, or maybe a rough looking brigand with a pistol and sword. Or whatever else. The co-op is amazing, this coming from somebody who is only OKAY with normal AC multiplayer, and it's so fun fighting a pitched battle, 4 assassin's against a swarm of enemies.Gameplay = 9/10Overall this is a great game and I feel bad for the people who don't have rigs powerful enough to enjoy it ;-;Overall Score: 8.7/10"
76561198090362787,Recommended,289650,13914754,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,13,"Yes I know, i'm the only positive review on here. But thats because i did't just give up and cry about the game lagging, I acctualy found my sweet spot where it looks the best and plays the best, (I have an nvidia gtx 750 ti, intel i7 cpu), and the 750 ti isn't the best card, my point is ,is that all these bad reviews about it is because every one is lazy and they dont try to find their sweet spot. I really love this game and once you get passed the fact that it's poorly optimised (which i realize) and you find your sweetspot, you realize that this isn't a bad game and infact it's almost revolutionary in the series and the whole gaming industry."
76561198054629115,Recommended,289650,13487591,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ascended X,"Okay, so where to begin.Assassin's Creed Unity takes the game back to its original roots. Is that a bad thing no, not really, but it also doesn't bring much ""new"" and revolutionary additions to the table.Beautiful buildings, wonderful architectural designs of famous places, I mean the team did an excellent job at sculpting this eye-candy pieces of art. The scope is beyond impressive, the technology behind it, top-notch, but the price is performance and other issues that I'll note below.Interiors look amazing, polished, glossy, it's like they spend more time fixing the inside than the outside, because once you set foot on the cruddy looking outside streets of France you'll probably gag.Fighting is terrible. The animations are a step backwards, they've had what SEVEN games to get the battle system down, and I seriously felt it was unpolished, the worst from ANY of the previous games. This is NEXT GEN? No, it's more like a rush job to get money from the Holiday crowds.The world itself is somewhat bland, boring, and lifeless. It's sad that they attempted to bring it to life with all those pointless NPCs that glitch left and right, do random things, get in your way, see crowds upon crowds revolting, but honestly, I couldn't care less... WHY? Because I had NO part in the situation at hand.Things to do: So there's tons of stuff to do, collectables, tons of side missions, but guess what, I didn't really care to complete them. See the game doesn't really give you reasons to care about these side quests, I never felt the need to do them. There's no consequence, your efforts don't change anything. It's sad, and I love Assassin's Creed games, this review is coming from someone who grew up playing ALL the AC games.The French Revolution setting didn't make sense to me. And the story, SPOILER, about vengeance loses itself somehow to the point where I was killing these paper trail targets solely to get to the final guy who was apparently some Sage?They could have done so much with the story. The whole time warping thing didn't make sense to me (Cool and awesome) because I am trying to figure out who is trying to find me! At least in Desmond's case from AC 1~3 I understood what was going on, I knew the background story! It's like this is a sequel to some game I've never played before!And then the ending comes along. SPOILER: So I recall the Apples of Eden in the previous games, and now my character has the Sword of Eden. But there's no logical explanation to ANYTHING! How did the sword come to be?Who created the sword?Was it crafted from the Apples of Eden?Wasn't this SWORD what that woman telling me what to do, wanted?The woman wanted to know where that guy was buried, WHY?I wanted to know more about this mysterious woman telling me what to do.I wanted to know more about this Sword of Eden.How did it shoot electricity at me?What was the purpose behind it?Questions that could have FLESHED out a story more appealing than any other AC Game!It's like they just want us to play through history without any form of story to tie things together.Give us some form of information!Come on Ubisoft, the story could have been fleshed out SO, SO well, but I didn't care for what you handed to me on a beautiful silver platter because I didn't understand the entirety of it, I didn't feel Arno had some purpose, besides vengeance.Do I recommend this game? Yes I do. Why, because if you're an avid AC fan like myself, you'll want to delve into it and explore the beautifully crafted sandbox they created. But the story was so underwhelming that I might have trouble purchasing any other title."
76561198009348905,Recommended,289650,13499020,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ycraes,"I love this game, I have yet to get a single one of the errors listed in the tons of other dissatisfied reviews.I will recomend one thing because i suspect this has lead to some of the problems people have been having, MAKE SURE UR SPECS ARE UP TO THE TASK AND YOUR DRIVERS ARE UPDATED. its such a sad thing but people often try and force their machines to run games that they just really arn't ment to be able to play. and if they do have the nice specs they dont bother keeping their drivers updated and things go to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ive ran this game for 10 hours straight going full blast through story and doing coop and its really been nothing but a blast. No crashing at all, almost no frame loss.the one complaint i have about this game is that there are liek 4 difference currencies and the intergration of phone app nonsense, that kinda sucks and I wish they hadn't chosen that route despite the reasoning behind it being sound.  aside from that its a great game and i would not take tons of negative reviews at face value. look into it yourself before you choose to buy it."
76561198090689264,Recommended,289650,13192462,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Razc_Oseni,"There are many reviews about this game that make it seem like it is not even worth the time, let alone the money.  The thing is that I am a die hard fan of the series, so I bought it and am still currently playing it.  Yes, there are bugs, lags, and some other small issues with this game if you do not own a top of the line computer to play it.  I have a computer in the low range spectrum and it will lag every once in awhile and that is after turning all the graphic settings to the lowest points.  But the game is still beautifully detailed and balanced on those settings, and look way better than any other AC game to date (can't say anything about Rouge yet).  Multiplayer, for what I've been able to figure out about it, is a new and enjoyable experience for all.  So many different styles of assassins to team up with and complete missions and have fun with.  Yes, only four at a time may play co-op but trust me when I say that is more than enough to do all that is needed to be done.  If you are a gamer that truly loves games like the Assassin's Creed style then this is a must buy and play over and over and over.  DO NOT let others determine what is considered a good game for you as you must figure that out yourself."
,Recommended,289650,13995664,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Codiable,"I'm a fan of the AC series. With the dissapointment people have with this game, i was hesitant to buy it... But now that i have it... I cant really see why people are so mad. The framerate is fine if you have a decent pc, parkour is improved, is now highly customizeable, great story, fun missions, co-op is a blast,  and the new item/weapon system works like a charm. 9.5/10 -stoned gamer."
76561197970611746,Recommended,289650,13053300,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Kaneki D. BadAzz,"Falling through the world map. Glitching in mid air. Stuck on combat mode when not in combat. Unable to attack when being attacked. (Backwards much) and just about every other glitch/bug/and fail that has already been posted before. I may have been one of the few who was excited for the Co-op, And let me say it was a let down. Not only to me as the consumer but as a fan of the AC series. Glitching while playing with friends, having to disconnect and restart the whole mission because I got stuck in the wall is NOT acceptable.Beautiful story, sad that it felt cut short. Could of used some more character build up. Other than that I only have the DLC to look forward to. 5.5/10 ((play at your own risk))"
76561198117575233,Recommended,289650,13187474,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ScreamingEagleCZ,"Lot of bugs fixed. 2 crashes through something around 40+ hours of playing. Fluent playing = enough fps. Few onlineco-op synchronization errors...(maybe due to my bad internet connection, but nothing really annoying).All the horrible things from other reviews are gone."
,Recommended,289650,13850487,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,c-pix,Awesome game. Had no problems I updated my graphic card drivers!
76561198018702710,Recommended,289650,13463439,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,<Chief Beef> R4P ✡,"First Assassin's Creed game i've ever played, and overall i've had a lot of fun with it.+Large, open map and free roam+Great detail in buildings and structures+Complex and interesting story+Fun parkour controls that aren't difficult to get the hang of+Fun muliplayer missions and free roam-Somewhat short story-Need a mid to high-end gaming PC to even run this game on low settings-Certain parts of the game can only be unlocked by using apps/other accounts outside the game-Needs Uplay and Steam to play-Story can be somewhat hard to follow/need to play the mission twice to fully understand how the story progressed in that missionLost my save data once, but luckily I was only a few hours in when it happened and i was able to prevent it from happening again by simply disable sync with Uplay's cloud storage. Despite what everyone else has said, i have only experienced minor bugs about 2-3 times that were fixed by simply restarting the mission.As for the framerate issues, I have a mid-end gaming PC that does not meet the minimum system requirements for this game and before patch 4 i was averaging about 20-30 FPS on low settings and lag spikes consistently about every 30 seconds. After patch 4, the game runs MUCH smoother and i'm getting about 30-45 FPS with a full 60 FPS in certain parts of the map.Before patch 4, i probably would have not recommended this game. After patch 4, every problem that i have personally experienced with the game has been resolved and at its core this is a very fun game.System Specs:AMD FX-4170Nvidia GTX 7608GB of 1600MHz RAM128GB SSD and 1TB HDD (Where Unity is installed)Windows 7 64-Bit"
,Recommended,289650,13200868,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Drawjar,"i love this game. ubisoft sure work really hard to make a french revolution.all the crowds and event. all the details in Cathedral, i mean its very astonishing. they are really success on making bloom effects with all the glimmering on the lamp. good work ubi :) love the multiplayer too."
76561197985282054,Recommended,289650,13375699,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,robzty4u,"very fun game to play , but unfortunately has a LOT of bugs , plus bad optimization , hopefully ubi will fix them soon...."
,Recommended,289650,13039427,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,anzor133,I dont care what people say . I played Assassin's Creed francise sicne the 1st game other time i started thinkign AC2 will be the best AC game with the best story and landmarks and the beauty of buildings and that AC3 was the best for the combat system. But when i got my hands on THIS masterpeace i simply have no words . It beats out every ac game by every part . the graphics are really next gen . parkour better then mirror's edge cobat is amazing more then anything . I RECOMMAND THIS GAME REALLY FAST 10000000/10 i am looking for word to see when it gets GOTY . And just make sure u get a good pc becaues u cant expect an amazign game without improvments .
76561198059281203,Recommended,289650,13092564,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Deviation_X,Works fine and I make backups of my save game. no issues
76561198059654036,Recommended,289650,14020059,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Lumdidum,"brilliant game, yes it can be slightly glitchy every now and then. But you can find bugs/glitches in all games if you look hard enough. Peopl moaning abou fps, need to look at what the system requirements say that the minimum and recommended is. Cause I'm running i7 with a 970 and I play on highest possible graphics on a 4k monitor. If you have bad frames, it means you need to either delete the porn on your computer and start from fresh and go out and buy an actual good computer... and by computer I mean desktop not laptop."
,Recommended,289650,13306481,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Snitch Chigga,"Good game, fun to play with friends. It's still in work as we speak; it has a lot of FPS problems, an asortment of glitchest whilst opening chests/unlocking doors and so on. It's always fun to see a couple of glitches/bugs here and there, as long as it doesn't completely annihilate your experience with the game (i.e duplication glitch, invinsibilty, ect.) Still hasn't happened to me, any of that I have listed, and don't expect those kinds of glitches as I play.. Still, it can happen. Fun game over all, enjoy playing it!"
,Recommended,289650,13464810,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dundy The Elephant,I think this game would be good for A.Fusion
,Recommended,289650,13002322,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Akyron_,"It's fun!... When the frame rate doesn't flip the ♥♥♥♥ out. When the fps starts trippin' balls you can usually expect a crash to follow suit. I have complete confidence in Ubisoft’s ability to smooth it out, I just hope it doesn't take too long."
,Recommended,289650,13205677,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,alextreme96,"Honestly, I haven't really had any problems with this game except for crashing during multiplayer co-op and massive network lag during the co-ops as well. Graphics are beautiful, character animation is beautiful, and there is so much to do. But it does require some hefty equipment to run it. Running on Ultra with Soft shadows and FXAA on XFX R7 260X DD Edition - 1080p with steady 35-60 fps with a minimum of 25 in rare occasions. But I also have a Core i5 4690K OC'd to 4.7Ghz. So please use your best judgment when buying this game. Also, I am in love with all the Assassin's Creed games so don't use my review as a decision making one."
76561197968188018,Recommended,289650,13149915,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,mcross,I'm not having any of the problems except framerate a little bit..but that's because my pc is aging a bit. I love this game and can even play it nicely on my laptop which has a core i7 4710 and a geforce 860m... and it has 8gb ram.
,Recommended,289650,13969311,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ℬry,No problems for me. I think it is real good from my current playing experience.
,Recommended,289650,12889017,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mr Sister Fister,Lag simulator 2014
76561198043106834,Recommended,289650,13075089,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Duke Tritus,"For some strange reason, I rarely experienced any performance issues at all. I never even crashed. I'm not sure why there are so many negative reviews out there based on the performance, but maybe I'm just an anomaly.The one thing I am the most disappointed about is the story. I just wanted some more depth and quests and focus on the actual French revolution rather than a feud between assassin's and templars. I can't say I didn't enjoy the game, however.I would recommend this game to a friend. Well, a friend who has a good enough PC to run it."
76561198086353741,Recommended,289650,13990114,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,B0ak,"Honestly, this game has gotten a lot of undeserved hate. I understand that the launch was rough, but all of that has been fixed now and it actually is a pretty fun game. Ubisoft not only fixed their mistake, but they made up for it by giving us a very good quality DLC for free."
76561198016765703,Recommended,289650,13634226,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ShinChihi,"Assassin's Creed Unity is one of the best game in the franchise. AC2 was my favorite because of the gameplay but the story line of Unity is just beast. The combat system in Unity is different from the other AC games because in Unity, you can't parry 2 enemies attacks at once unlike in AC4: Black Flag. I was able to finish the story in 18 hours. Here are the Pros and Cons.Pros:+You feel the characters feelings+Combat system is different+Graphics are great if you set them on High or anything above+Main Story+Élise de la Serre (Everyone loves her she's a red headed girl!)+Voice Acting+New freestyle running moves / parkour moves+Many more :)Cons:-Still needs some patching-Occasional Glitches (French revolutionaries sitting in a tree)-Random Framedrops (Rare for me but I did recieve some FPS drops)-I think that's allOverview:I think that this game is fantastic even though it has some bugs and glitches. The Co-op is very interesting but not as fun as the main story/missions.  I thought it was worth $60. I'll update this when there is another patch."
76561198003019264,Recommended,289650,13013396,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,sleepless,"Photorealistic 18th century western europe open world envrionment.UPDATE:CPU: Intel i7-4790K@4Ghz stockPrevious graphic card: Sapphire R9-290 Tri-X, ~25fps@UltraCurrent graphic card: Gigabyte GTX780Ti OC, ~30fps@Ultra"
76561198076246876,Recommended,289650,13546752,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Request Denied,"Everyone that's putting negative reviews, you better respect how much effort it took them to make this game, there is a lot of problems I know, but just remember that they will need a lot time to improve it, I myself have a lot of problems with it but I don't say stuff like ""DONT BUY THIS GAME!"" or ""ITS A WASTE OF MONEY"" because of the bugs and glitches. Just try to have fun and don't give up on it."
,Recommended,289650,13375331,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,koalagijtze,4 out of 5
,Recommended,289650,13058506,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,O.Z.[DLR.A],"Awesome game , nice story , shorter than i thoughtno issues ,few times i went threw the flooronly con for me was no MPCOOP ,eh"
76561198062637867,Recommended,289650,13452309,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rage_Bee,"The only problem that i had it was with the co-op (getting stuck when in combat) and few lag spikes inside the buildings [when they removed the dlc and updated the game with patch 3]...but now it seems they fixed a little. Finnaly i finished few missions in co-op without any bugs or lag.And yeah i'm running the game at 48 FPS :D...with these specs:>GIGABYTE Radeon R9 270X OC WindForce 3X 2GB DDR5 (UPDATE THE DRIVERS FOR YOUR GRAPHICS CARD!!!)>AMD FX 8350 8-core 4.0 ghz,overclock to 4.5 ghz (air cooler)>16GB DDR3-RAM"
76561198083814180,Recommended,289650,13362858,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Rocky_Raccoon,"You know what really grinds my gears? It's people who tend to seek something completely innovative in new AC games. There is not a big difference between Unity and previous one. However, I found it extremely satisfying to feel the atmosphere of the time period and the city itself. Reminded me of my favourite AC II. The main character himself does ressemble Ezio in some way. It feels just like the old times. Co-op mode is not as bad♥♥♥♥♥as it looks in the trailer. However, if you get matched with awesome players you will have a good time. I don't get all this fuzz going around about humangous amount of bugs in the game, didn't get to see any of those. If you want to experience just a classic AC experience, that game definitely able to provide it."
,Recommended,289650,13462282,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Skor,"I was one of the more lucky ones I guess, I was able to play through most of the game with only  a few glitches showing up, much as I would expect from any new release really.I will admit that Ubisoft is pretty much on the no buy early for me anymore do to the all too often shakey launches.The mixing of the companion app once it was working correctly made for a nice addition on a tablet.  Having a large map to see your location was nice, and for some of the side missioins it was a good bonus to look into your ""database"" on clues and stuff.I did find the weapon control much less to my liking in this version of AC verses the others, didn't have the option to always fight with hidden blade which I use to love to do nor using anything other than sword feels right.  This is depite the tie in's it had into AC Initiates.Now AC Initiates was kind of a joke on launch and for very much of my game play.  Even to date, they have ""challenges"" marked as ""comming soon"" which will be way after I'm done.  They really didn't coordinate and test the 2 interactions well together.Companion App ""other stuff"" is eh.. ok.. the finding the symbols mini-games is kind of fun but gets very hard to notice some times on such small screens (10"" here)My best advice is wait until it his a price point you like to get it.  It's still a fun play, though feels less AC than the previous games.and bonus cause I had the damn season pass, I got a free copy of another game (far cry 4) do to the fubar'd release.  So I really can't complain.Over 60 hours in it and  still not done with all the side missions or the DLC's (when they  come out)"
76561197963287557,Recommended,289650,13461082,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,pgunharmed,"Great game, a bit choppy here and there, but as a fan of this series this doesnt stop me from enjoying it."
,Recommended,289650,13462994,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pyrus,"I really want to have a minor rant, but i'll stay breif here:1) Beutiful Game - serious eye candy here! (but it's very demanding - I get roughly 30-50 fps average. I dont really dip much lower, even in crowds.)2) AI is fairly finicky. Combat wise, it's pretty good, they team up now and you can't go on 20 guard killstreaks! however, stealth wise it's that of a coconut. enemies hear you stealth assassinate 3 blocks away, but can't see you down the hall.3) contrary to popular belief, I enjoyed the story! I liked Arno and Elise, but the other characters were pretty lackluster.4)New parkour ideas are more than welcome! window entering can be awkward though...5) I personally haven't had any game breaking technical issues, but they are common to many people. I'm sitting here with an i5-4670k backed by a 970 and 16Gb of RAM and am holding my own pretty well.Overall, I say wait. wait until the major issues are fixed for everyone. Once this game gets some polishing, if it gets polishing, it will be generally review for the better. It just needed more time in developement. I reccomend this game, in a month or two at a slightly lower price. (at elast I got far cry 4 for free because of pre-ordering!)"
,Recommended,289650,13745285,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Working Joe,frequency of major bugs exaggerated
76561198071121537,Recommended,289650,13456080,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Oaklot,"Pretty good  when it works, but it does not work..."
,Recommended,289650,13013850,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Taco Meister,"i r8 8/8 m8, no h8"
,Recommended,289650,13109219,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Parrius,Solid action game that takes too much flak because of who made it.
,Recommended,289650,13360425,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Anudu,Another awesome history lesson. Ye olde Paris looks awesome. Especially the crowds of people and the recreated buildings. That gives so much value to the game that I won't even mention the game play. Which is solid.
,Recommended,289650,13599797,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Heavy_Z,"This game has received lots of bad press, and while some of it is deserved I think that the vast majority of it is uncalled for.  Let me start by saying that I am a fan of the Assassin's  Creed games as a whole and that I  have been since the first one was released.  I have, for the most part, played the series on the PC.  It seems like every year there are a ton of people that come out to complain about how porely optomized the newest entry in the series is, and quiet frankly it gets old.  These games are open world games that push the entirety of a computers resources.The rig that I am playing on is: i7-2600, 16GB DDR3-1600, and an R9 280X.  I play the game at 1920x1080 with the ingame ultra graphics preset.  I have V-Sync turned on and I get a rock solid 30 frames per second in the game other than the occasional hiccup when the game is loading lots of data off of the hard drive.  I have the game installed on a Western Digital Black 4 TB harddrive, so I imagine that these hiccups would not occur for someone using an SSD.  I have only experienced one crash of the game   in the entire time I have played it, and I have not encountered any of the glitches others caim to have in single player.  I have also had no problems with the co-op missions that others have had.  I do have an ADSL2+ 20Mbs/1.5Mbs internet connection, so I have a constant strong connection to the UPlay servers.  In the end this is the best looking game I have yet played for the PC.Now with the technical aspects of the game taken  care of lets look at the game for it's content.  The story ius fairly standard for the Assassin's Creed series.  The main story is a fairly simple trope revolving around love and revenge.  Like the other games in the series what makes the plot interesting are all of the surrounding interesting characters that are synonymous with the setting of the game.  As is par for the course in this series the mainplot is used as a staging area to introduce the more interesting aspects of the setting.  This game makes the information about the surrounding places and people more accessible in the form of a companion app, that you can either install on your computer, or preferably have on a portable device next to you so that you can read about things that interest you.  The companion app also provides an ingame map that controls like a GPS app would on touch screen devices.  I have this app on my tablet and it works well with the main game to create an immersive experience.  I found myself reading about in game places on the go when I was not playign the game.  It honestly feels like the best realization of the concepts that were introduced into video games with the Wii U controler.This app does have a slightly sinister side to it.  There are in-game chest that require you to play a side game on the companion app to unlock.  These are not only numerous in the main game but the app requires huge amounts of time to do the side quest.  The times are fairly similar to the fleet sidequest in the previos game Black Flag, but they feel far more intrusive the way they are implemented in this game.  Similar in annoyance are the other ingame chaest that are unlocked using theACIntiates.comsystem.  They are less obtrusive than the first set of chest, but innexplicably the ingame daily quest have not been implemented into the game yet even though they were working for Black Flag at launch last year.  Luckily, you can still level up on the site simply by playing the game.  There is no extra effort needed, outside the game, other than connecting your uplay account to the ACinitiates server which requires all of about 2 minutes since the web siter uses the same login as the uplay servers.  In this sense it serves as a replacement to the content that was unlocked via ingame progress achievements in the previous games.  I hope that Ubisoft's goal with this is to allow long time fans of the series to unlock content more quickly in future installments of the series, but this is unclear at the moment.The gameplay is fairly standard for the series.  THey have added the ability to control wether you are climbing up or down, which feels like a natural evolution to the parkour system in the series.  The combat in the game has received some criticism from other reviewers, in that it is much more difficult than the looser swashbuckling combat systems in more recent entries in the series.  It harkens back to the weighty counter heavy combat of the original game in the series.  Also, enemies with guns will force you to retreat for cover before re-engaging melee enemies.  I like this weigthy feeling combat, though I can see why it would be a hinderance for people that are looking for a more action oriented affair.  The game forces you to pick and choose when to enter open combat in order to be succesful.  No longer can you run headlong into each situation.  Because, of this the game rewards silent kills in a much more tangible way than more recent entries in the series, and in the end it reminds you of why these games were called ""Assassin's Creed,"" in the first place.I hope that this review has given you a good idea of what to expect when considering purchaisng this game.  I personally love the game and I recommend the game to anyone who is a fan of the series and has a beefy enough rig to run it.  The minum specs on the store page are, for once, actually a good guideline for the minum system needed to run the game with good performance and in-game high settings.  With this in mind, it really is one of the first true next gen games."
,Recommended,289650,13248418,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Sivetar,"Very fun.  Had some memory leak/CTD issues at first but they got resolved quickly.  Played solo and have started doing the solo missions.  Have the best gear available currently, and can't wait to unlock a few of the items only available through the co-op missions.  Pretty much just going to be aesthetic upgrades.I'd give the game 8/10.  The story could have been a bit deeper and developed the characters some more, but fun nonetheless.  Multiplayer is fun, but so far has devolved into smoke bomb murderfests.  Hopefully more skill will be required in the future."
,Recommended,289650,13978389,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,dawnofshadow,"TL;DR I would recommend buying this game ONLY if you meet the minimum Requirements. This game is very enjoyable even on low settings with beautiful scenery.Anyone who says there are technical bugs, are really just butt hurt they can't play it above medium settings. I bought this game with an I3 and an AMD 7770, It ran at at least 18 - 20 fps and I constantly had bugs .. Then patch 4 came out! And I saw an increase in 2 fps. So they obviously did something. I ran it on low settings, and beat the campaign. Not very thrilled that I went from black flag high settings to low settings on Unity, but it didn't bother me....But then I upgraded and holy crap. I replayed this game just for the simple fact that I upgraded. I am now running an i5 overclocked at 3.4 and a GTX 770. The difference it made was phenomenal. I can now run this game at medium settings straight with 45-50 fps in streets and 60 fps no problem on the roofs. On top of this, now amazing looking game, the story line was very solid. It honestly reminded me a lot of Assassins Creed 2 so I hope for a sequel with Arno.I believe this game has made advances with the mechanics, I love the way you can now control the way Arno free runs. This really drove me nuts in other games that I could control the decent. I just had to manually jump and kind of hope for the best..Well, to make a long review short I'm going to keep it simple and end it here. 4/10 before patches and upgrade 9/10 after. Yes, I will agree this game is very demanding and really has no reason to be, I would counter argue with the fact that this game is massive. A 1 to 1 scale has never been done in a game before and this one captures it perfectly. Flying from roof to roof with my assassins buddies couldn't get anymore fun. I would recommend buying this game ONLY if you meet the minimum Requirements. This game is very enjoyable even on low settings with beautiful scenery."
76561197970329460,Recommended,289650,13048517,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Aeneas2020,"I will write a complete review in time however I thought I would include a quick summary here.This is one of the most impressive cities/sandboxes in a game ever. As an assassin's creed game it is merely ok.Pros:GorgeousMoving around the city can be funExperiencing the city is greatCharacter CustomizationA few very fun assassination missions and some good side quests.Cons:Huge amount of bugs (i didn't get many of the bad ones but this is still buggy, mainly I encountered broken sounds, characters getting stuck etc)Uplay/Constant in game reminders to spend ""creed points"" etc makes for a cluttered hudMicro-transactions (optional but cmon!)Boring one note characters that come with little to no introduction and leave just as suddenlyStiff controls with mouse and keyboard (controls often lock up or don't do what you expect)THE WORST STORY of any AC game to date. Full of plot holes, loose ends and mumbo jumbo jibber jabberCombat has also been changed (not sure if this is better or worse).The game is fun as an open world sandbox but story and character wise it has lost all it's sense of personality and charm. Combined with a lot of the bugs and poor controls I really hope this is not the new direction for AC.It is a really a shame that they couldn't do more with the base game and the time period. I would recommend this game on sale with a very good rig.As an AC series fan I would still give this game a 7/10 it's fun but not great.As a video game fan or if you are new to the series I'd give this a miss until it's patched and even then please excuse the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor excuse for a story.p.s. ref bugs: I should point out other than a couple of CTDs and Arno occasionally getting stuck on something I didn't have any game breaking bugs and the game ran very well with decent FPS and everything maxed out.I do understand I am in the cast minority on this front so please take my review with that in mind."
,Recommended,289650,13020566,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Nafan,This game is great nuf said.
76561198029975814,Recommended,289650,13284363,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Absolute Ego Riot,"Contrary to popular perception, this game is great. I love the animations and freerunning as it is fluid and quick. I have had almost no glitches or bugs at all so my experience has been delightful. The story is alright but what makes it really shine is the characters. Character development and interactions are pleasent to behold and I really liked Arno and Elise together. While the character interactions and development are not as on par as Black Flag and ACII, Unity still does a good job, especially in comparison to ACIII. The combat system is extremely fun and engaging and even when you have the best weapons and equipment, there still is the possiblity of dying from a couple of missteps."
76561197960697697,Recommended,289650,13340248,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,D4R7HN0V4,"just notice that also if you put your game on fullscreen mode FPS will be like 35-45, if you put the game in windowed mode (even if it is at 1920x1080) FPS is mostly at 50-60try that guys"
,Recommended,289650,13976242,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,javier_dg,"Guys, I don't know what kind of PC do you have. But Unity works really great for me.Drivers Up-to-date and Windows 8.1 x64.PC Specs:Asus Maximus VII HEROIntel I7 4790K 4.0Ghz32Gb RAM TridentX 2400Mhz (4x8)R9 280x Overclock Version 3GbHope this helps."
,Recommended,289650,13991074,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Shlump God,not a bad game but not as good as i was expecting its not as good as other assassins creed games i would recommend buying this game while its on sale
76561198109815449,Recommended,289650,13042830,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,solomspd,"ever since the new patch, its been working great.Its a great sucssesor for assasin's creed 4. although i prefered the lighter tone and naval battle in AC4, ACunity makes it up in co-op missions and enchanced visuals."
,Recommended,289650,13015431,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MasterBaite,"Well there's a lot of haters out there.I played a lot of AC Unity, and got like 2 bugs. None of them like the ones people are crying about.Some people said the game has no story... WTF?The graphics are nice, the plot is cool (better than the AC III).Insane moves, it's really like Arno is a 'le parkour' pro.Descend controls, you don't have to go to a ledge, than turn around, press 'b'... (and so on).The customization part is nice, you now can only carry a light weapon and a fire weapon. Or heavy weapon and fire weapon. You have to choose between a revolver and a rifle, you can't have both... Makes sense.The gears, the skills... It's a pretty nice mechanic.Haven't played co-op, nor joined a club. Just finished the game with some side quests.Some people were crying about the sides... Haven't seen any problem, the sides are fun.It's like any AC game... The game core is the same. And that's the formula Ubisoft will always use... Só don't cry when another AC game comes out."
76561198060109803,Recommended,289650,13518852,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,swatguy18,"This game is good, but it is a shame to the AC series.There are allot of better AC games (even black flag).If you want to complete the series then buy it.You will have fun (:Although only buy it on sale or something, doesn't worth 60$..."
,Recommended,289650,13017630,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Arnn The Frost Demon,"i was worried when i saw all these negative reviews about this game. i was trying to buy it since the first day it came out and i NOW regret nothing. the game is totally playable on my GTX 670. YUP, under the MINIMUM requirements.i am getting a solid 30 fps with VERY HIGH settings with FXAA and SOFTSHADOWS most of the time ( Sometimes above 40 to 50 ) which is not that bad considering ubisoft's crazy requirements.If you have an outdated GPU like mine and you insist on using very high graphics in this game, you might wanna cap your fps to 30 to get rid of the annoying fps stutter because the fps wont stay above 30 all the time and you might notice the difference in speed when the fps drop, though i never got my fps below 30 so far.Don't forget to update your Graphics card and download the patches for the game!(i'm still playing it as you are reading this, and I. AM. HAPPY!)PS: Do Not use the Companion App of the game, its bugged and might get your saved game deleted, Altair's outfit and the blue boxes can wait til everything gets fixed. Arent worth losing your progress for dat. And also do not add anyone in the Ingame Contacts, there is a bug that gets your game crashed whenever you look into the contacts. you can do anything except looking at your contacts lol.they are working for a fix.My Computer's specs are.GPU- GTX 670 OCCPU- i7 3770 3.40RAM- 16GB"
,Recommended,289650,13694849,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SilentPunisher,"Little unfinished - Yet a great investmentUntil I saw the Steam Winter Sales 33% discount on AC: Unity, I wasn't really thinking of buying the game following the horrible reviews and the ridiculous requirements for running the game; both in minimal settings and recommended.But here I am, writing this review after spending quite some time in AC: Unity's Paris and honestly - Enjoying any minute of it.Assassin's Creed Unity, at least after Patch 4, is a playable game, not polished till the end of its details (Not graphic-wise), but I can truely say, I am overwhelmed.Let us start with the pros:Graphics - Amazing! System Requirements are for the weak, with a GTX 660, 8 GB RAM and i5 3470 the game is working perfectly (FPS drops here and there, nothing a patch cannot fix) on Medium - High Settings and it looks astounding!Paris - One of the most detailed cities I've ever ran into in a video game, it's like you are really there. The shouting people, random fights, thefts, poverty & more, are making this one of the most realistic cities ever made in a video game.Variety - AC: Unity gives you the freedom of choosing, you can choose nearly everything, from boots for Arno to epic heavy weaponry and exploration of different pathes in your way of assassination.Parkour & Freerunning - The change in both in Unity is huge, much smoother parkouring and freerunning, nearly never letting something to stop you from continuing.CO-OP - Amazing experience! In comparison to the nearly intolerable Multi-Player in the previous Assassin's Creed games, the CO-OP is a massive change for AC Series! Working perfectly without any lags or random bugs.Now let's proceed to the cons:Unfinished - One thing which really bothers me with games is the pressure to releasing it, it happended to me with Total War: Rome 2 (Which was a totally broken game once released), but after few updates, the game was sweet! Hoping to see the same happening with Unity. Usually, you will run into things like random bugs (Falling through surfaces, getting stuck in a position), FPS drops (Which are really annoying sometimes) and horrifying Render Distance sometimes (""Oh look! The Notre-Dame looks like the cobble stone from Minecraft!"").Removal of essential tools - Liked picking up random weapons in AC2, 3 & 4? Not anymore. Unity lacks of the function to pick up weapons from your dead foes or the dead foes themselves (Pick up bodies).Micro-transactions system - Yes fellas, micro-transactions, them richies win again.Hope you people liked this review and helped you in decide whether you want the game or not. If not, pick it up later when bugs are fixed, but the game is a must-play."
76561198061625825,Recommended,289650,13047401,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Vikingishly,"You know I'm gonna be that one guy that gives it a thumbs up souly because I've played assassin's creed since the first game and will always play them. I'm not gonna rip on them for 1 bad game just because it has slow frame rate or a lot of glitches, I feel like the gains of the game out weigh the costs."
,Recommended,289650,13035497,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Mercernary,"I guess I'm a weirdo or something because I actually really like this game. There's a really fun game in there, buried past technical issues and dodgy framerates."
76561198099269625,Recommended,289650,13991146,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Defiant Mercy,"In the time I have started playing the game, I have enjoyed it.I don't have much time mind you, but it makes me think of AC2.I have not encountered any bugs, so right now it's been smooth playing for me.If I remember to, I will update the review as I play."
,Recommended,289650,13014209,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,hiya3101,"This is pure awesome. I love the plot, the characters, the gameplay. It is perfect."
76561198121207200,Recommended,289650,13289798,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,elgob220,"All this negative reviews from publishers and gamers alike are totally out of proportion.  I admit i never saw any adds or got mislead by anything.  But this is my favorite assasins creed game.  Its beutiful and hits all the same points that many games before it hit.  Its great!  Im a little frustrated by the characters timing like perching on a curb in the middle of a getaway or parrying recovery.  Batman always got that better.  Regardless its an awesome game that had the exact same amount of bugs skyrim and far cry 4 had on there release.  What is the deal.I think what screwed them is having this AAA work of art accomplished by thousands of masters who studied a historical france taking pics of church walls and stuff to get it perfect, mixed with some dumb money type in the company decided to tag on a freemium model on top.  Its so easy to see some ♥♥♥♥ing guy with a marketing degree and knows nothing of games and gamers said lets tap on like a super sword that costs 20$.  Which with this caliber of game is super tacky.  Dammit people yall complain way to much."
,Recommended,289650,13736289,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,silverligth,"At the start I was verry excited for this game, so I ofcourse preordered the gold edition.I was probably one of the lucky ones not really experiencing not that many crashes.I did on the other hand have some frame rate issues, and also the problem with the game freezing for 10-20 seconds ever so often.These thing's are mostly fixed now, but I'm still experiencing the game suddenly crashing when I join co-op missions.I have now played this game more than 30 hours and, I love it.But if you play Ac for the story, I would not reccomend this. This game's story is verry short (In my eyes). but I've finished it and I'm still at 40% :I. so if you are looking for a game to play for a long time with ur friends (or without if you are forever alone) and fun for a long time to."
,Recommended,289650,13243751,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Fear757,This game is great and I dont know what people are talking about when they say they have FPS problems. I have anI7-4790k and a GTX 760 superclocked acx graphics card. Im running everything on high with no problems what so ever. Gameplay is a lot harder and I love it. You can't take on 20 people at a time like other assassin's creed games because this is more realistic. I definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,289650,13310531,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,zSz,"For a Assassin's Creed fan i still love this game but there are some things that bugs me terrible.First of all is that you need to play whit some browser game or app for your phone to get all the stuff you want and get the ""cool"" armors. Why ubisoft? just ♥♥♥♥ing why? i bought the game for my pc so that i can play it on that. I dont want some crappy app or whatever to unlock items. That also means no forced co-op to unlock more items.Second, it is kinda buggy. I did't hade major bugs but more small things like people falling from the sky or falling true the ground.Also did't got major frames drops, most of the time around 50/60fps whit everything maxed out whit FXAA, it whas rare that i got under 50 but it droped sometimes in some places to around 30fps if i used the special power.It does look amazing though omg but the engine really need some fixing.Story whas mwe but still fun to play.Fighting is alot harder but not over the top, its more of a challenge.Annyway, if you are a big fan of Assassin's Creed and got a decent computer then buy it.My system: I7 4770K @ 4.5gig 16gigs ram @1866mhz GTX780Ti Core @ 1200Mhz"
,Recommended,289650,13413826,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Frutre,Don't listen to the haters. This is the best AC game this far.
,Not Recommended,289650,28574675,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,tabris,i don't think i'll be able to complete this without getting cancer
,Recommended,289650,13863722,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,𝕸𝖎𝖑𝖊𝖘™,"okay , fine the game is cool , short story , worest AC ever but Very well made graphics and animation is cool , Excellent muiltplayer , but there are alot of FPS drops , shutterings and it crashes alot due to this ♥♥♥♥in Uplay"
76561198085050607,Recommended,289650,13808711,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,niko2two,"So after finally finishing this game im gonna tell you guys what i think about it:1. Storywise its okay, it had some interesting characters and a little twistiness, but the ending was predictable. I didn`t really feel as connected to the characters as in black flag (all hail blackbeard and kid). Also the ""real world"" almost doesnt exist. (you see some nowadays assassins on screen telling you to play the game and thats basically it)2. I recently got a pretty good pc so the game ran pretty well, except 2 times when it crashed. So all in all its playable on a good pc.3. MOST IMPORTANT: The game on its own is full of amazing aspects and terrible things.... For example the city looks gorgeaus but it doesnt really render far so you always see some super pixelated stuff. The stealth and fighting system were mad way more complicated, which is awesome, but on most missions its almost impossible to stealth and fighting many enemys is to hard so you just rage quit. co-op is fun, but the club (guild type thing) only shows myselfe instead of the other club members. and so on....TLDR: Its not the strongest out of the ac games but if you enjoy the series, have a good pc and its on sale buy it! (if not       go buy black flag mate)7/10"
76561198047296654,Not Recommended,289650,22019082,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,-Brian-,Forgot to write this game was♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,289650,13109775,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Blizzard,Very fun game. Assassin's Creed series is life. Get this one and we can do co-op misssions together and become best friends DO IT!!!!!
76561198036175367,Recommended,289650,13733177,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SavageHobbit,"My computer dont even meet minimun rec, but it still play at 24 fps...  so if you say you got a ""good"" computer/laptop whateva and you got laggs and♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats your problem. now when it comes to the gameplay combat, free running that stuff is good, realy good, some bugs here and there, yes some buggs in coop missions, and some when it comes to obejcts you should be able to climp/not climb/be able to walk over. but the biggest and most anoying bugg I had is that my wepons dont save, I buy a wepon and upgrade it, but it dont save, so if I was to switch between sword/pistol to a rifle and back, my new rifle is gone and I need to spend same amount of cash to ""rebuy it"" but for some reason, I got to buy some wepons in the beginning but after sequence 5, the game dont seem to save the wepons I buy."
,Recommended,289650,13232532,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Rocky,"A great game, few crashes and bugs but once u get it working theres no putting it down!"
,Recommended,289650,13466906,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Origen,"ALL PLAY DONE ON PATCH 4I started a drunken bar brawl and lost my favorite pocket watch.  Instead of learning from my lesson and that the pocket watch was the price paid I killed three to four dozen guys to get the watch back.  Setting me up for lifelong success.UPDATE: Now that I've finished the main story line, some thoughts.I still recommend the game *if* you have the system to run it and like the series, however it's one of the weakest in the series.For reference I ran the game at 1920x1080 with graphics max'd and rarely had a performance issue (i7-3770, 16GB RAM, GTX 970 4GB RAM, 64GB SDD as a cache on top of a 1TB drive).  Was this top notch FPS?  No it wasn't, I think every Assassin's Creed is a bit of a slog, but the performance wasn't bad at all, it was consistently good enough to pretty much never distract from the experience.Anyways onto the game itself:- City itself is incredible visually, it's a shame the main story line doesn't take you to the southern areas to help break up the visuals.- You never really get into the character, as such I developed my own thoughts about who and what the character believed in.  Only to then get into scripted sequences where my character would act out of line with my perception of who I've developed him to be.  This makes for a bad experience.  Why does this happen?  There are three reasons I think:1) Not enough time is spent developing the character into an assassin.  Just one day you are one, and you can do some pretty crazy stuff right from day one.  Missed opportunity to grow the character here.2) All your equipment upgrades and skill upgrades are simply a function of hitting ESC and purchasing them from a menu when you have the resources.  Huge missed opportunity here to force interactions between the character and his peers here help flesh him out as well as the backstory.3) Some of the main story available to help fill in who the character is and why he's doing what he's doing come in the form of letters delivered to your home.  However there is no notification when a letter arrives.  It was only at the conclusion of the game that I became aware that there were a stack of letters to read because the area they're placed in you have little reason to visit.These are all things Black Flag does MUCH MUCH better, it's a shame to see such a step back.- Ignore the folks complaining about MTX, the MTX in this game can be completely ignored.  First upgrade your base in Paris as fast as possible, between the income you generate with it and by simply collecting chests, cockades, and completing crowd events while you travel to story missions you'll quickly have almost top tier equipment.  This is another area of game imbalance.  Within ~4-6 hours of playing the game I had gear that was so much better than the content I was being provided that it made combat largely a joke until the very end of the game.  It also made weapon and armor rewards from most quests totally irrelevant and made the benefit of doing the quests seem nil.  Gear progression is very poorly thought out and the game experience suffers for it (Disclaimer: I did come into the game with some level of rewards already from playing previous games in the series, I'm not sure how much this impacted the experience).- Locked Chests, Initiate Chests, Nomad Chests - all of these make for a horrible experience. Two reasons:1) Right off the bat they're visible on your minimap, so you're inclined to go and try to collect them.  What happened to buying maps that add this info to your ingame map? This AC standard is nowhere to be seen and would help gate map clutter.2) Once you find a chest and realize you're not able to open it there's nothing added to your information that allows you to note that it can't be opened currently.- Once you approach a locked chest it should be noted on your map in some fashion what level the chest is.- Initiate Chests should only become available/visible once you've reached the appropriate initiate level.- There should be an option to hide Nomad Chests or some sort of filtering if you don't want to play the companion mobile app (it's unclear if these chests count towards % complete or not)- Normal chests behind locked doors, these are really dickish.  Shouldn't be done, or the level of the locked door should be added to your map information.- High level chests on low level story missions, you spend 3/4th of the game doing story quests and while on them generally at some point passing by chests you can't unlock.  Very frustrating, locked chests encountered on story missions should be at a skill level you could open at that point in the story.  I eventually conditioned myself to never approach a locked chest until I had max'd my lockpick level.- Climbing - all the new moves/animations when climbing are awesome.  However there are many times Arno found hand holds where none appear to be present and many more times I saw places that looked like obvious hand holds that I couldn't get Arno to use.- BUG: There appears to be a bug that if you ledge kill someone you then can't climb up onto said ledge until you move somewhere else then move back, then attempt to climb up onto the ledge.  This made many 'badass entrances' into a room a lot less so as Arno fumbles around.- Disconnect: Sometimes Arno will leap incredible distances from one roof top to another, very inhuman distances covered, yet he'll not do the same when trying to air assassinate someone.  Frustrating.- Double Air Assassinations are too hard to pull off.  There are times it appears obvious you will get one to instead only get one guy.- Crowd Events - I liked these, but they are too frequent.  Many times they crop up when they shouldn't, these should be suppressed when on a story mission. There's no ingame way to preview the rewards for completing the crowd events.  Also sometimes these come off silly - ex: a thug is literally killing a citizen in front of some guards and the guards only react once the citizen is dead, not at the point the thug starts attacking.- AI - The AI is horrible, you can make a mockery of just about any mission.  Fighting piles of guards while others not too far away don't even recognize a fight has occurred.  Enemy NPCs are able to identify you entirely too easy sometimes.  Sometimes it'd be just the top of my head visible over a rooftop or through two sets of windows and it'd set a guard off.  Guards not aware of or responding to crowds of citizens fleeing the scene of a murder.(SPOILER) Perhaps my favorite of all was an early mission where a bonus objective was to kill a guy in a confessional booth.  I killed three of his guards literally right outside the confessional booth.  He inspected each one, thought nothing of it and stepped into the confessional booth.  These are the Templar that have somehow almost taken over France?(SPOILER) Second favorite was when I was to assassinate La Touché while he was at the Gallows.  There were a ton of guards and a very large crowd about.  In the course of removing all the perimeter guards I managed to scare away almost all of the crowds.  However the guards and La Touché up on the guillotine platform were none the wiser.  People were running to and fro to avoid the massacre.  Eventually cleared enough of the crowd out that thugs assaulting citizens and pickpockets stealing women’s purses started to spawn right in the middle of the mission area.  The whole thing was a giant circus.(SPOILER) The Disguise skill is such a copout.  You can disguise yourself as the final boss and walk right up to his face and stab him - _RIDICULOUS_!In general through a combination of the poor AI, spotty mission design and my impatience with AC:U's rough edges the game was less Assassin's Creed and more Murder Everyone Creed, more so than any previous AC. Was still largely entertaining however and looked fantastic."
,Recommended,289650,13046852,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,[STD]  Limp Penis,Very Nice I like
76561198074393259,Recommended,289650,14017593,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,tasty_cantelope,"ASSASSIN'S CREED!!!! I fricken idolize this entire series and enjoy every single game (except Liberation, which is awful). I don't understand why people can't get past the glitchy nature of Unity, and just love it as I do. Plus it would help if you aren't trying to run the game on a toaster oven. Also, play the fricken game before you review it, jerks. 100/10 AC UNITYI seriously can't wait for Rogue to release on the master race."
,Recommended,289650,13482715,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,badkenbad,"I can highly recommend this game with one caveat - you have to have a system that can run it.This game shipped with a lot of problems, but the worst of the problems was the system requirements. A lot of players were rightly upset when the game performed poorly on their systems which met the game's requirements. Other players with beefy systems, expecting smooth 60 FPS gameplay like they see in other modern games, were frustrated by 30 FPS frame rates in Unity. Still others, thinking they could squeak by on an older system, were frustrated by crashes, glitches and all manner of problems.The bottom line is: ignore the minimum specs for this game. They are not accurate. If your system meets the *recommended* specs or better, you can play the game. Players with SLI setups may still have graphical issues, but I suspect that players with SLI setups are used to having graphical issues in various games.The biggest reason that I can recommend this game now is due to the latest video drivers from AMD and Nvidia. The latest (beta in Nvidia's case) drivers significantly improve performance and go a long way towards making the game more enjoyable. Still, if your system just meets the required specs and you use high graphics settings, expect to see 30 FPS framerates. If you're playing the game with a controller, as it was meant to be played, that's not really a problem. It's still quite playable. Using a mouse to look around, 30 FPS can be a drag.I played all the way through the game with 30 FPS frame rates, and I still had a lot of fun with it. The combat is much improved, no more counter-to-win. The Paris Stories and murder mystery missions are outstanding. The voice acting and music are superb. I really enjoyed the story, too, though opinions differ on that one. I didn't run into any crashing bugs or glitches at all, and I am not alone in that. The only thing that really gave me trouble was the companion app, but since its latest update it is working well, too.I'm just starting my 3rd playthrough of the game, and I wouldn't be doing that if I wasn't having fun with it. If your system can handle the frankly poorly optimized graphics of this game, I say go for it."
,Recommended,289650,13070538,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,The Entire Population Of Africa,i realy wanted to play this game but when i start it it immediately crashes anny fixes i try on the internet appear to be fakes so had just completely wasted 100 euro's on the gold edition and seasons pass prepurchase.... i would realy like that fixed because my laptop should be able to run it acording to its stats.
,Recommended,289650,13186906,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Panigale_,Fantastic game.
,Recommended,289650,13334078,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Gun Runner,"I was pretty excited about this game until I ran into the system limitations. It required me to upgrade my laptop so it was close to the recommended settings. I maxed out everything in the graphics menu and backed down until the game flowed smoothly and the character's hair stopped dancing around. I have played a number of Assassin's Creed titles and always play a mix of free-roaming and story line. It was surprizing in this case, that the story line was a bit too short. I thought I was about 50% through the story and then suddenly there were credits rolling. Now I'm wandering around France taking out everyone I see...I've been reduced to a mass murderer with no purpose. My stats are maxxed and my weapons are all collected, so my life has been reduced to treaasure hunting (lock-picking) and murder!Pros - this is the largest map of the franchise. It's impressive when your PC is set to show shadows and detail. The place is more ""real"" than the other titles; a giant step above AC4 Blackflag. There is still a repetitive element to it - smaller buildings squeezed between French landmarks, which make all the streets have a similar look and feel. I have to use my map a lot so I can see where I am in the city.- There is a lot of NPCs and they are realistic. Poeple seem to be doing things in certain places that make sense. No more people walking around aimlessly. They appear to have something to do whether or not you are engaging them. Walking through the crowds is pretty realistic. They don't automatically get out of the way, so a crowd can significantly change your pace during a chase or when runninng away.- As the game moves along, the environment changes. Junk piles, protesters, fires, crowds, etc. all appear more dense as the story intensifies. A please surprise for a game like this.- Run everywhere- Climb of the most stunning buildings in any gameCons - The official trailer showed some pretty impressive scenes of a revolution. It's not exactly that cool when you are playing it. It's still an amazing game, but dont expect to participate in a scene like this one.- When I play AC4 Blackflag, I found myself falling through walls or decks of ships, but with Unity, this is a regular thing. I run in the air without moving, fall into nothiness and die. Getting stuck someplace can be solved by restarting the last checkpoint, but not while you are engaged in a fight. When I get stuck whille being attacked/chased, I have to QUIT the game and start the memory over.  :(- there are a few break-away scenes where you get to see the Eifel Tower and shoot down some planes. This may have been a cheap way to show the Eifel Tower, so players who don't know history very well can say...""oh yeah, it's Paris I've been running through for the past few weeks"". The cut way to Paris takes me too far away from the emersive environment I wanted (and paid for).- I added some stealth skills during the game that I used a lot in AC4 Blackflag. I want to sit down between two civilians and vanish. Well, I remember seeing only two places in the city where there were two people sitting on a bench, where I could slip between them an vanish.- The camera will swing around while I'm climbing, which makes me run in all directions while trying to scale a building. I have fallen from great heights because of the camera spinning around me.- If you run from one neighborhood to the next, the NPCs aren't drawn fast enough. I have run into areas that were completely empty and had to walk around looking for them. Makes sense since there are so many people and so much city to cover. The downside to a large map."
76561198026090397,Recommended,289650,13338182,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,chjasc,Gameplay is fun along with the graphics which are great. However story falls flat towards the end. Still a good game though.
,Recommended,289650,13339005,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,viruscool,100% recomended!
76561198060694108,Recommended,289650,13371035,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,GameSpy,"What to say.... It's okay.... Assasin's Creed games after revelations haven't exactly been  wow. This game packs lots to do, varying from co-op missions, a sadly short campaign, things to find upgrades to be had an all that other good stuff. However. Buggy characters, ocasional glitches and horrible framrates no matter what setting you choose continue to plauge the experience. There a few things that could make this game worlds better. For instance patches which is a no brainer. FPS fix because honestly i don't mind lowering my graphichs if my fps is smooth but seeing as it really makes no difference its just sad. I would love to see more co-op I honestly enjoyed them and played them over and over. However i evaded some as they are hella buggy and you seem to die from invisible enemies but again patches. This game promised alot and it deleiverd but sub-par if they patch these thiings up and throw in a few more co-ops i'll have almost no complaints (besides the story) Don't get me wrong this review isn't the most positive but this game was honestly great to play. I'm also very happy wtih the compensation to AC gold owners like myself and the suprise that they didn't downgrade the graphichs this time because the game frankly looks amazing. I'm not really looking forward to victory until they patch up unity then i'll consider the new ac game next year but until then get your act together ubisoft and you might just have a loyal customer :D"
,Not Recommended,289650,28813467,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Autist jævel,This game is ♥♥♥♥in trash
76561198247367038,Not Recommended,289650,33359665,Posted: 7 July,all,Señor Gonzo,Doesnt even ♥♥♥♥ing worn dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,289650,19907912,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,stage 4 terminal cancer,I just spent $35 for a windowed picture of 4 assassins and the AC logo. 111/10
,Recommended,289650,13972561,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Licensed To Thrill,The new parkour system fixes a lot of annoying bugs in the previous games.
76561198183820401,Not Recommended,289650,33909687,Posted: 30 July,all,joshjh2002,BAD!
,Recommended,289650,13343591,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SageSlayerz,good and fun game overall sadly its very broken still  and the frame rate lagg is a game killer in many partsbut if you like the AC series its worth a try despite all the issues i fiind the game very fun to play
76561198149600441,Recommended,289650,13348539,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Fabulous Cookie,"great game , after patch 4 it runs perfectly only my cloud save is givin me an error every time"
,Recommended,289650,13564531,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PirataYasparo47,". Such a beautiful game, thus great parkour system,  I guess because I didn't run into many technical issues (none game-breaking), I had a great experience with the game so I'm unable to understand all the hate associated with it.Inb4, patch 5 fixed everything wrong with unityU can buy this if you have a 770 video card and above"
76561197988417934,Recommended,289650,13248826,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Katarn,Love the game 10/10 no regrets
,Recommended,289650,14000523,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Loomaanaatii,Game runs like ♥♥♥♥ing horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ Other than that it's a great game. I been enjoying it ever since they started to fix the ♥♥♥♥ing bugs on it.
76561198097986399,Not Recommended,289650,15590102,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,harryandy,terrible
,Not Recommended,289650,23720429,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tau,Pre-ordered ended up having to wait months on end to be actualy playable. If you still believe buying something from Ubisoft is a good idea... you better bite the pilow and prep for a bad time!
76561198312068335,Not Recommended,289650,23665058,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,kenneth.brendan.gaffney,"""ACU.exe is not working"" is all that greets me. I want a refund as this good is not of merchantable quality and should therefore not be sold."
,Recommended,289650,13758160,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DUCKWORTH.,Just love dat♥♥♥♥♥♥!!except the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ guns...
,Recommended,289650,13973047,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Spotlight,"when the game runs good its the better than 3 and blackflag,"
,Recommended,289650,13035843,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Invalid name,
76561198161927575,Recommended,289650,13094667,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,rex101203,cool game!!!!!!!!!!
76561198086055600,Recommended,289650,13248757,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,PuSSy_MasTer,my laptop can play -_- nothing happen -_-
,Recommended,289650,13359654,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Kitdo,nice game !!!!
,Recommended,289650,13381677,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,SK_GnOm,подскажите что делать при запуске игры мне пишет не удалось запустить игру (неизвестная ошибка)
76561198067151820,Recommended,289650,13752053,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TAB3R,i recommend this game cause i wana be the only person that does #first :P
76561198099396701,Recommended,289650,13813507,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Nice'N'Toasty,i love this game it is really awsom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198083357781,Not Recommended,289650,23182360,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Hamdog,I'll put as much effort into my review as the devs put into this game.
76561198065311110,Recommended,289650,13490377,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Newsome,With all the new patches the game is as smooth as it should have been.The game is clean and there are very few bugs now.The gameplay is amazing making changes the AC series needed.You actually assassinate people as an assassin now. (Shocker!)
76561198101687851,Recommended,289650,14030458,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,FEED WITH ME,little lag and most bug but its good for history of paris and nice story nice game. this is great in ac series and funny with friend thank you ubisoft for many game in steam and uplay :3
,Recommended,289650,13153060,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Zemlya,"This game is good, but pretty monotonous. High quality as it should be7,5/10"
,Recommended,289650,13217090,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Station,"Anyone who gave this game a thumbs down is a complete imbecile, yes it has a LOT of technical problems, but the game itself is wonderful. Ubi needs to stop rushing its developers to squeeze out a whole game in a years time, we don't need an AC every year Ubi, JUST MAKE THE DAMN GAME RIGHT, and release it when its finished!"
76561198122219616,Recommended,289650,13754115,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TheGamer,fun game
76561198135333693,Recommended,289650,15410722,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Tono Shoto,DO YOU ENJOY TRIANGLES? IF SO THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!
,Recommended,289650,13775656,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Goldenman,FUN!
,Not Recommended,289650,14831460,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Vordat,"i bought this game like a fool the parkour sucks,the enemies you can barely surivie from,and the micro transactions dont even work they just steal your money and dont give you anything.so my overall review for this game is dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy it"
76561198256684015,Not Recommended,289650,27732657,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gameplayerjwlol,"DOSE NOT WORK, TELLS ME TO USE CODE BUT I BOUGHT IT ONLINE"
,Not Recommended,289650,28915049,Posted: 1 January,all,BlaccHaZe CSGO500,Its an real scam. I bought it and i didnt got an Code for AC Unity...I got an Code for the DLC but as you can see i bought the Real one im so angry right now.. Dont buy it !!!
76561198153078199,Not Recommended,289650,30697071,Posted: 23 March,all,wbunger,ive never not liked a game that i got until now
76561198027474576,Recommended,289650,13978951,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Rat Ogre,"Look i loved this game due to me being one of the few that could run it, the people who say this game is flawless because they can run it are idiots i would much rather everyone could play it if it was devved right then there would be ppl to club with. The game itself is great, excellent vistas good missions, still classic ac derp gameplay but the directional parkour system does give some control ie. you can choose not to launch off a tiny rock just because the assassin is always trying to go up. Overall best ac game so far including 2 and i can see how they are trying to blend the mp and sp into one game (hence the customization and the dozens of unlocks). Anyway your entitled to your opinion and this is mine, probably should play it before you buy it as there are some differences that some fans hate."
76561198168984595,Recommended,289650,18063130,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Agent Masked Geek,"This game did not work on my computer, but it still is an assasins creed game, so it should be good"
,Not Recommended,289650,14895400,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,PRDX4,"Of all things Ubisoft can do, they attempted to improve their graphics.  Not a bad thing, only that you have to have a really powerful computer to run it.  I'm currently on a Lenovo Y40-80 laptop with huge specs and I can barely run this game on low graphics.  I love Assassin's Creed and all, but it would be nice to actually enjoy the game without pixels and bad quality."
,Recommended,289650,13025564,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DANK MEME'S!!!!!,its awesome but laggy for mjy computer
,Recommended,289650,14735315,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Rocksalter,gg good game
,Recommended,289650,13062093,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,the CHINlord,"Cautious recommendation as of 12/14/14About performance:i7 4770k7950 3GB16GB RAMI'm pretty close to the recommended except for the video card (I'm at the minimum...)35-60 fps average - 900p on ultra high with aa changed to fxaa30 to 60 average - 1080p on same graphical settingsGame runs decently now after the AMD drivers update...still waiting for patch 4.Under the technical issues though, the game is mostly excellent.Graphically, overall this game is amazing (looks better than Black Flag for sure) but I see a lot of low-res textures even with texture settings on ultra high....There are glitches and pop-ins, but it's not a big deal for me....game works fine.Gameplay...I prefer this over naval stuff anyday...However, there should be more co-op missions and there's no PVP multiplayer.Speaking of co-op, it is glitchy and sometimes takes a while to find a public game.The customization though, is really good. Masterpiece compared to Watch Dog's customization...lol. Different skills, weapons and different looking equipment with different stats! It keeps me playing to unlock the better equipment and weapons.The story is kind of cheesy and cliche but I prefer this over AC3 and AC4 (Still prefer Ezio trilogy the best).Overall, I'd recommend you to buy this game when it goes on sale at least. (I just bought it for $60 and I'm happy)Gotta get my landlocked AC fix.This is my favorite AC game...overall."
,Not Recommended,289650,22750940,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,arctic_seal,Don't do it.
,Recommended,289650,34516366,Posted: 26 August,all,zappyb1tch,"So buggy, get it on console peasant.Co-Op is a quality meme.Elise is a thot."
76561198121421191,Recommended,289650,13349544,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Arubin,It is recommended for players with really good computer if you want to play on anything higher than graphic quality high.
,Not Recommended,289650,34799179,Posted: 7 September,all,simonides_,"Wow this game is dissapointing!! Crashes, controls that can not be predicted and to top it all the end is pretty bad."
,Recommended,289650,13408461,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,AmusedKakashi,"The game needs some updates to fix the video to make it better, and it would be great if they fix the NPC's bugs when are a lot of people on the screen too. But the game is great, I recommend it :)"
76561198075113378,Recommended,289650,13122801,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,✪Fatal Error!✪,good game but it freezes every now again but doesnt crash  system specs 4th gen i5k oc @ 4.4ghz asus hero 6 corsair  dominator platinum 1600mhz 16gb 2x gtx 660 in sli with gpu boost 1164mhz memory clock 6608mhz i can still play the game with pc that doesnt meet the min for this game
76561198032102406,Recommended,289650,13287155,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,GarciaStalks,"The game has some nasty problems but still has a nice history and enviromnent :DI run this game on medium with an ASUS laptop with:Intel Core I3-3217u, 1.8GHzNvidia GeForce GT 740M4GB RAM"
,Recommended,289650,13172814,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Arahex CEO,"Basically, it's a very good game that's plagued by some framerate issues. I've had no game-breaking bugs but I've fallen through the floor a few times pre-patch but it seems to be fixed now. The normally overpowered Assassins Creed ""kill-counter-instakill-repeat"" combat has been changed that it now feels like you, as only a single man, are now at a disadvantage agains the massive hordes of Frenchmen. There are 5 categories of weapons, One-Handed, Heavy, Long, Rifles, and Guillotine Guns. They each have their own advantages and disadvantages, but can all be compensated for very well. Coop mode is fun, but players can leave the mission at anytime and they are quite difficult, but possible, to do on your own. The signature freerunning of AC has been improved so that you can choose whether you want to go up, down, or flat with a button press. The story as far as I've played it is decent, and a little predictable. The world has an amazing atmosphere depending on which district you waltz into and the graphics are state of the art. Money is a little hard to come by but for good reason, the highest level of items are massively overpowered. People complaining about microtransactions have no reason to, everything in the game can be bought with in-game currency. Overall, Assassin's Creed Unity is a very good game, an improvement over the regular AC title, but plagued by a lagging framerate."
,Recommended,289650,13642324,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Magic Critical Hits,"Recommended ONLY IF you can run it. This game is actually pretty good, but its bogged down with bugs and technical issues. Gameplay wise, it's superb (if it does works..). Story wise, it loses to AC2 (of course) and AC4: Black Flag. The French Revolution is barely mentioned in the main storyline, and it's really just follows this:Kill X -> apparently X is related to Y -> Kill Y -> turns out Y is holding some sort of secret that mentions Z -> Kill ZUnity feels most like AC1, which is what they're aiming for I guess. A pity I didn't really like AC1 (the series boomed from AC2 IMO). Still, it's a solid game and Paris is just downright gorgeous."
,Recommended,289650,13974470,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,DarkNightPhoenix,"If you can learn to look past the performance issues, which are mostly fixed for me, than this game is amazing. I loved it the whole way through. The ending is a bit out of my tastes, but it was okay overall. I loved the rest of the story though."
76561198010681770,Recommended,289650,13983445,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,loli-con,I had no problems with the game and loved the story
,Recommended,289650,13614195,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ლ(ಠ益ಠლ),"First off, if you are looking for an Assassin's Creed game with improved freerunning mechanics and a dynamic combat system, then AC:U is for you.I get where the bad reviews are coming from - cut scenes are buggy, the game is broken, yadda yadda. But putting the issues aside, Unity is still a decent game. It will never measure up to Brotherhood or Black Flag, but it's at least better than Revelations and AC3.The whole challenge system for 100% Synchro has also been revamped, these are now easier to complete, and every time you screw up just reload a checkpoint. Did I mention you can also visit shops mid-mission to restock on ammo? The only thing I found annoying was making money. Upgrading your Cafe doesn't provide much of an income, so you are forced to go looking for chests.All in all, good game to spend time playing these holidays. If all else fails, use the Season Pass Ubisoft Deal to claim a free game like The Crew"
,Recommended,289650,13993027,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Elphienis,"This game has gotten a lot of crap. It has deserved some of this crap. But what isn't mentioned enough is thatit is the best Assassin's Creed game to date... on paper.The single most important thing that should be considered when buying this game is the minimum requirements. That's just running it by itself. When you factor in the fact steam AND uplay are running, what you need increases drastically. Got lag? Well, chances are your computer isn't up for the task. I use a Asus ROG G750VW and play it on medium, so work around that. Assassin's Creed games are Ubisoft's graphics playground, don't forget.What I feel is good about this game is almost everything else. The fighting mechanics are far better than previous games, and I felt far less overpowered. There are different kinds of weapons again, so I can finally go axe crazy. There also isn't a best weapon overall, just one in best in each of the 5 or six categories (or something like that). The colour customization is nice, but most of them are dull green and gray (like, half are just green and gray, I'm serious ._.), or almost fluorescent, but there's enough to argue over. The new parkour system is AWESOME once you get used to it. A lot of the negative reviews I've read are centered around the fact you run up everything. Press E. E. Just try it. E. E makes you feel like you have control. E is love, E is life. E. The story is pretty lame and boring, just like almost every other Assassin's Creed game. AC3 had an ok one, but still got tedious. What would make the next Assassin's Creed game good is a really good, professional team of game story writers, not the developers on acid. Ubisoft, please come to your sensesThere's no boats. For me, that's a big plus. AC4 was terrible in the fact all you did was ride boats (btw I hated AC4). It pretty much removed everything that made the Assassin's Creed series good and replaced it with boats. The biggest town was, like, 100 square meters. Assassin's Creed Unity went back to the basics, and improved on them drastically. There's just one BIG town which is, like, 1000 square kilometers or something.Buy this game if you like Assassin's Creed games and have a decent rig. Buy Assassin's Creed 3 if you like Assassin's Creed games but have an average computer. If you have a computer that seems more like a microwave, buy a PS4 or a better computer which primary use isn’t warming food."
76561198149483861,Recommended,289650,13948504,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sociognome,"I really like the game!Only had one bug in almost 40 hours of playing (you can see the screenshot if thou wish). I didn't have a laptop that met min.req, but I can play everything on high (with fxaa and ssaowhatever). My laptop is a Lenovo Y510p, Cpu-turbo at 3.4 (x4) and, G.force 755M (x2). I hook the laptop into my tv and play with a pc/xbox-controll and it works amazing!I feel so bad for the people that get these massive bugs and I'm so thankful that the gaming-gods have spared me."
76561198031003637,Recommended,289650,16125080,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,OutmoddedDegree0,"I don't know what the fuss is about from people with low end computers.  If you've got a gaming machine built within the past 2 or 3 years it'll run great.  It's a social game and an Assassin's Creed game which together make it, in my opinion, the best Assassin's Creed to date!"
,Recommended,289650,13379776,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ZuluOscarEcho,"Quite possibly one of my favorite games. Assassins Creed Unity has amazing graphics, interesting game play and story line. The Co-Op feature is new and something I haven't played in any other game like assassins creed and it's one of my favorite activities in the game. 7/10 for game play. 8/10 for graphics. I haven't run into any glitches yet so other players might find the game a little different."
76561198056948915,Recommended,289650,13192882,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MilkToast,"I like the look of the videos and supposed game play. However I do not get to enjoy my $60 game unless I go out and get a min $550 video card since it has to run on DirectX11. I was so siked, but now... I am so sad."
76561198025279455,Recommended,289650,13044022,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Olórin,"Was very buggy at first but updated my AMD drivers and now it works fine at almost max settings at a playable frame rate (>45). I have had a few glitches but luckily the game saves regularily enough that nothing has ever been lost. To get better frame rates, try playing in windowless border mode. I know this will disable crossfire, but SLI will still work. As far as the actualy game goes, it is another assassins creed. If you liked the game play of black flag, and the atmosphere of 2, you will like unity. So many side mission, customization is cool,  free running is the best its ever been. I do hate the need for the companion app and use of initiates. BUT srsly, its awesome.Specs:CPU: intel i5 2500kMobo: Asus Z77 -VGPU: radeon 7970 (i have 2, but cross fire disabled in window mode)16 gbs of corsair 1600 Mhz RamHDD: Seagate barricuda 2 TB"
,Recommended,289650,13150309,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,☭ Spartak ☭,I don't know why soo many haters of this game but i say i rocks and haters gotta be more gratefull.
,Recommended,289650,13990166,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,- \/G - Winter,"This has to be one of my favorite Assassin's Creed games I am a strong fan I have play all the games except for freedom cry and liberation. I have to say the best part was the new combat system, it adds a new element of realism.  The story was on the so so. All and all it's a good game the system requirements were a little bit high.Combat 8/10Story 7/10Over All 7.5/10"
,Recommended,289650,13568353,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Lazarus,"You'll probably see a lot of negative reviews for glitches and bugs. I too experieced this, but I figured out why. This is anext-gen game that uses next-gen graphics. If your gpu is below a generation 720 (Nvidia Geforce is all I know) or so, the game is unplayable. That's not the games fault. That's your crappy hardwares fault. Beyond graphical glitches involving the gpu, the game is the best in the franchise. The new parkour system is wonderful. People say you can't enter windows, but if you read the tips it says ""press LT to enter window."" The only downsides I've noticed is an occasional frame-rate drop in crowded areas and a lack of whistling.  Please add whistling Ubisoft. Oh yeah, and club competions are now active so you can obtain legendary armor."
76561198113293049,Recommended,289650,13157838,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,감자Christian The Potato감자,Dont believe the people complaining just because their computers arent good enough. before you buy this game make sure you have a very good computer. The game has been running perfectly other than some occasional crashes but im sure that will be patched in time. remember people this game is new there are bugs. other than some techincal difficulties this game is amazing the blood wounds are much better than any other game youcan go into almost any building and the fighting is just exilerating with new controls and better mechanics. the story is a little bit hard to follow although.  I would recomend this game to anyone with a good computer i have a laptop and it runs smoothly overall i give it 9 penguins out of 10.
76561198039718339,Recommended,289650,13366323,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Lil Leprachaun,"POSITIVE ReviewAs the creators of Unity promised, a game where you feel like you are playing a movie. Althought it's first release wasn't the greatest, its subsequent patches were worth the wait. Now the game is awesome, the characters fresh and upgradable, and the storyline feeling a nice new niche. Play as a new assassin, enjoy the old playability of the game with a fresh new twist (that I'm not going to tell you about), and run in a more open world than before. No loading screens for buildings, now  you can run through some of them in the open world. However there are loading screens (with great 'cinegraphics,' I wouldn't say cinemotography yet; but close) before the missions.10/10"
76561198030978104,Recommended,289650,13563481,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Tylermcd93,"10/10Do not believe the negativity about this game. Every game has glitches, Skyrim has some of the worst and yet it's praised as one of the greatest games in recent years. The story is great, the game world is fantastically detailed and huge, and enormous amounts of stuff to do. A great addition to the Assassin's Creed series that is unfortunately marred by hasty publicity reactions. You can use microtransactions to get stuff quicker however of course you don't need it, it's pretty damn easy to make money in the game. Do I care that it has microtransactions and is it a money-grabbing choice for Ubisoft? Absolutely not, who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥as long as you can get stuff without the use of Microtransactions. After playing 5 hours I have not had 1 major glitch. Every now and then you may see a random pedestrian float or run a couple feet in the air but that's about it. Also for the system requirements, it works perfectly fine and I have a Nvidia GeForce 750Ti. Not the best graphics card and yet it plays incredibly smooth. Don't believe negativity bandwagon on this game, if you are a hardcore fan of the AC series then get this game."
,Recommended,289650,13173925,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,zanonale,Not one of the best AC but still fun to play. Very beatifull Paris (if you have the hardware) and the bugs now are pretty fixed.
,Not Recommended,289650,16165300,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,RSev,"No, your TRI - SLI Titans cannot run this game."
,Recommended,289650,13761492,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cro (Official),"I bought this game expecting some sort of horrible buggy, glitchy mess due to all the reviews I have been reading, at first i didnt want it, but since I am a very hardcore AC fan I thought i could run through it.This game is actually not bad at all, and its getting alot of discredit even though uncle UBI is giving it updates to fix it, I have experience absolutely no bug so far, the only thing that is of note, is that during cinematics the game is laggy, and your hair flies everywhere for some reason at times, but aside from the laggy cinematics, this game is beyond all the other AC games by far, it is so beautiful and so engaging that I just HAD to quit to desktop, and write a review to give this game some damn credit for once.9/10"
76561198017887631,Not Recommended,289650,26380576,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,BlackWall,"By far the worst AC game (not played the ones after this one yet, maybe they even were able to produce a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ one)Let me a little be eloborate. This game completely ignored the story and tried to put a lot of silly activities which are neither interesting nor tasteful.After a few hour everything start to feel meaningless and it becames boring. If I never played an AC game, maybe I could still play this. But this game is only painfull and waste of time for the ones who met with Ezio"
76561197994651706,Recommended,289650,13212796,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Hannes [GER],best assassins creed I've ever played!
,Recommended,289650,14015641,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Lunaryus,Runs smooth on ultra graphics and i just have a R9 270X adn 3.1 ghz (i5)
76561198202236888,Recommended,289650,13986035,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,The_bloody_haystack_95,ubisoft needs to make fix to bellic fight in sequence 7 memory 3 (confrontation) pressing b (controller) e (keypad) constistently doesnt work i sound very wrong in saying this but after attempting this for two weeks. I know the games glitch is rigged to deny my input. So I cant proceed in the game . So now im as I said PLEASE FIX NOW ................................
76561198047099522,Recommended,289650,13986296,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Overweight Unicorn,"The game itself may have glitches that occur occasionally. But that does not mean its a bad game. Remember that ubisoft removed and re-wrote all the code for fighting and parkour, plus added in the controlled descent. The game is excellent and loads of fun to play. The new fighting brings a new challenge to Assassins creed than in past games."
,Recommended,289650,13290052,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,langecrew,"If you enjoyed previous Assassin's Creed games, you'll probably enjoy this one just as much.  But be warned: the rumors are true, the game is a little buggy, and the framerates drag from time to time, even with a brand new beast like a GTX 970.You'll find the same things in this game, that have drawn you to other games in the series.  Lots of free running, lots of sneaking around, and lots of side quests; additionally, they brought back the idea of giving you an objective, and letting you accomplish it how you see fit, be that via brute force, stealth, or by taking advantage of numerous distraction opportunities.  I'm not sure how anyone else has reacted, but the co-op is quite a bit of fun as well...It's something that this game series should have had a long time ago, in my opinion.  The graphics are also pretty fantastic in this new installment.Take this for what it's worth.  I'm enjoying the game, but am disappointed with it's less than stellar release, however I am contented waiting for further updates.  If that doesn't sound like your cup of tea, I recommend passing on this one, and maybe grabbing on sale in several months when more issues have been worked out.  I'll be honest, Ubisoft kind of pisses me off, but I'm glad they have been sticking with it so far, and continue to release update patches.All in all, given that I love this game series, I'll give it a recommendation."
,Recommended,289650,13974180,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,BOSS,Arno can destroy 3 nazi's plane11/10 would destroy nazi's plane again with phantom blade
,Recommended,289650,13630375,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TurkiE,after all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this game puts you through (if you push through it) it is a good game. they added alot of things and fixed alot of old problems all the while adding in new ones.but the custom assassins and multiplayer make it worth it.i do belive they couldve  done better. way better.but what can i say. 2014 was the year of relased unfinished games.from me.  this game gets a 6.and a half.out of 10.
76561198064125091,Recommended,289650,13745656,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,KoolHandLuke,"I love the Assassins Creed franchise and the story and playability is good, but is still very glitchy and takes place in only the city of Paris which leaves out exploration the other games had even though it can sometimes be glitchy the co-op and game are still very fun to play."
76561197983728266,Recommended,289650,13972192,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Clint Eastwood,Games is turning out great so far ! Make sure your pc can run this before purchase people . Phone app was a let down but most companies are rolling games out in beta . Honestly wait 3 to 4 months before buying the game should run smoother by then .
,Recommended,289650,13782374,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ZeN,"This game has a lot of unnessecary hate, even after the patches Ubisoft made to improve the games stuttering and FPS issues. I have a Nvidia GTX 970 4 GB VRAM and an ivy bridge i5 alongside 8 gb of ram and the game runs smoothly pretty much everywhere on very high settings, I will admit the storyline isn't a breakthrough but half the time it doesn't matter too much because you'll be too busy unlocking the map and fighting guards/enemies, stealthily assassinating your foes and getting money with points.They have almost completely nailed the customisation, it is so hard to just get one piece of equipment that will match your standards between stealth, hp, melee and ranged. The enemies are a bit easy once you get your setup correct to your standards, armour and weapons will just be finishing foes in seconds, so the enemies are slightly too easy...Finding multiple ways to your enemies is a satisfying way of assassinating your target whether you are completing the challenges in the mission or just tanking your way through giant crowds of enemies it is always a fun and satisfying way of completing the mission no matter your playstyle, the customisation helps with this A LOT!!Anyway as a verdict I give this game a 7 1/2 out of 10 because this game has a lot of potential to work towards and the workers at Ubisoft are trying hard and the fanbase is really not helping out with this very much because of what happened in the past, GET OVER IT AND HAVE FUN WITH THE GOOD BITS OF THE GAME!!!"
,Not Recommended,289650,26481656,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,bobby,Worst AC game by far! Do not buy! Combat system is so bad. Still way to bugged out to play.
,Recommended,289650,14865395,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,^0wastanley734,"most ppl dont get that u have to enjoy the game because of its straight up beauty. i have a mediocre cpu n good gpu n never had ant any issues, maybe cause I run all my games @ 720p. This is a paris love story not the traditional ac hate story, which is y i think ppl dont like it. Which is funny cause its similiar 2 a\c:bf in that respect but ppl still hate it. I wish it wasnt so predictable of an ending, saw it coming 1/2 way thru the game. the best part of the game is the graphical display, what all games should be striving for, worst part is as other stated the lack of ability to have stealth. the only way to bestealthy is never to be detected, unlike others where u pick off upc. 8/10"
76561197977267103,Recommended,289650,21556074,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Well; my 2.5-year old GTX780 runs this game perfectly at Ultra settings.Haswell i7, 16Gb RAM, WD Black Games Drive (SSD W8.1 Pro).France looks.... well made, architecturally excellent, and full of Europeans."
,Not Recommended,289650,28009627,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MrAndersonRC,At this moment I'll have to say don't buy it... This game reboots my PC every time I launch it... I'll really like to have a refund....
76561198049696144,Not Recommended,289650,23416810,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Jornexe,"id recommand this game to anyone who enjoys Non Co-Op assassins creed games as the multiplayer crashes the game on startup. if anyone else gets that issue, heres how to fix it... the problem is that it makes you unable to play onlinehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuNL9G-DVw4the way things work, the movement, and some other stuff is higly inproved as i noticed while playing, new weapons and ways of fighting (unlucky not with your friend)the story isnt as interesting as other assassin's creed games ive played to now, but i havent played that far eather.im updating the review once they fix the Online problem--ERROR : 0x70000106if anyone knows how to fix this, please tell."
,Recommended,289650,13774330,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,matt,"Bought the game, next day it went on sale.11/10 would buy again - IGN"
76561197989813829,Not Recommended,289650,29762468,Posted: 7 February,all,ado dankwalker,...dont buy
76561198085857091,Recommended,289650,23977957,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,WATERMELON,this game is actually so♥♥♥♥♥♥i didnt even get to play it steam go neck ur self u arab♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198066032855,Not Recommended,289650,19980612,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Frogman97,worst assassins creed ever
,Recommended,289650,13990381,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,acehugh,"I have ACU, and i have been enjoying it with all the problems that people have been posting. Cmon, its no biggie. My only complaint is that i dont know how to get the Dead Kings DLC installed. HEELPPPP"
76561198023912321,Not Recommended,289650,32397209,Posted: 13 June,all,RozzER,Literally unplayable (my CPU and graphics are in the 95th percentile)
76561198052008537,Not Recommended,289650,22753861,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Adram,10/10 complete crap. you'd get a much better investment with a $60 hooker with AIDS.
76561198249487840,Recommended,289650,19370026,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,MyCatIsBlind | gamdom.com,"I can´t play , when i click on play it says that i need to put a code , but i don´t have any code. What i do ?"
,Not Recommended,289650,34667378,Posted: 1 September,all,Lord DN,"This game is a nightmare. Random crashes, mission objectives in out of bounds areas and a combat system that doesn't even let you block half of the time. Disaster."
76561198224413360,Recommended,289650,22254525,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Saturn WE WORSHIP YOU,gr8
,Recommended,289650,13063479,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SaiTorr,"Before you see my rating and go, ""Ermeh Gerdness, Merst Therms Down Rerview Becerse it's not nergative!"" Just hear me out on what I have to say.The game is, undeniably, plagued with performance issues. Issues reported have prevented people from launching the game, progressing the story, finishing missions, or even running a decent framerate, etc. The list goes on. For this alone, I am deeply dissapointed with Ubisoft, as these issues actively try to ruin what is otherwise a very fun game.Assassin's Creed Unity is the 7th (Or 8th, Or 9th, Or, screw it no one counts these things anymore) game in the yearly franchise. Unity follows the adventures of Arno Dorian amidst a French Revolution setting in a faithfully recreated and very beautiful Paris. If Ezio is the Italian Batman, then Arno is the French Batman. However, I wouldn't say he's like Ezio as much as he reminded me of Edward from the previous games. He's cunning, deceitful, self-centered, and witty. He's a great character overall.The story is alright. The game starts off with possibly the greatest first act in the series that eventually leads Arno into becoming an Assassin. However, after you have dawned the Assassin robes, the story begins going downhill. It's a mesh of random events and action sequences that the writers at Ubisoft probably thought up, but had no way to connect them together in a very interesting way. As a result, the story comes off as unimpressive, and sadly, it's greatest weakness is the Assassin vs. Templar feud that is in every game of the series now. If I were Ubisoft, I'd take a page out of Black Flag's book and go for something completely irrelevant.Aside from the story, the gameplay is very fun. Parkour is faster and fun(er?) than ever, as you'll be ascending up buildings with speed and, courtesy of a new feature, descending from them easily without having to jump 5 stories and hope you'll survive. However, it's still difficult to navigate (you still act like spiderman) though it's the best it's ever been.The game puts a much larger emphasis on stealth than in previous games, however, cover-binding can be problametic and there's a lot of 'how did you see me?' moments.  Though it's still a victory for the series to have the first ever crouch button and an assortment of abilties that make stealth fun and challenging at the same time. Combat is no longer a counter-kill fest, thank god. Taking on multiple enemies is quite challenging, but satisfying when done correctly. It's very fun to engage in large fights and test the limits.As far as Open-World content goes, Paris is littered with activities to do. You have Murder Mystery invstigations, Club Assassinations, Notradamus Puzzles, Paris Stories, lots of loot chests, cockades, etc. However, sorta like Watch Dogs, the game suffers from having almost too much to do. It's very overwhelming.One of my favorite new features to be added to the series is the ability to customize your Assassin. There's lots of different hoods, robes, and other gear pieces spread throughout the game to fully optimize the look you want. Better yet, the gear pieces you earn improve various stats, such as Health, Melee, or Stealth.So how about co-op? I've done a few games with my friends so far and have had a lot of fun. Sure, killing guards is a button mash fest, but for heist missions, you have to be stealthy to reap the most rewards, which is not just a challenge for your ability to stealth, but your ability to coordinate with your team. There's several co-op missions spread throughout the game so there's plenty of content for you and your friends to enjoy. Not only this, but you can free-roam the open world at anytime just to goof off.Overall, Unity is a very good game with several minor flaws. The game in its current state is not very playable for most, so I highly recommend you wait for Ubisoft to release a patch (which they have been hard at work on apparently). I feel like Unity has restored a lot of the core components of the series, but has not done so in the best way possible. Hopefully the next game (which I SERIOUSLY hope Ubisoft plans to release in a finished state) is the one to do that.78/100"
,Recommended,289650,13224075,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Lucky,i ate a ffat♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for breakfast and i loved it. then i played unity and it was just as good
,Recommended,289650,13152580,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,NBRED,"Much good. Such wow. Looks sexy. Feels sexy. Sounds sexy. On a scale of baed potatoes to orange nail polish, I'd give it a lemon meringue."
,Recommended,289650,13011946,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Chip,THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER NO LOG WHAT SO EVER THIS IS AMAZING SO MUCH NEW STUFF AND PARKOUR AND THE SEASON PASS IS JUST A-MAZING TOTALLY GET THIS GAME ITS EXTREMELY FUN AND AWESOME!!!
76561198028722378,Recommended,289650,13978970,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Weaponized Acoustics,"Worked for me day one, now it freezes at launch.10/10 Would pay $90 again."
,Not Recommended,289650,13976849,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Brian,Meh.
76561198049020292,Recommended,289650,13010643,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Blazingwolf210,"People need to stop fliping♥♥♥♥♥♥about the glitches and stuff i understand the game has many glitches and was not optomized well and yes they released it a little earlier than they should but can you blame them if they pushed it back again everyone would complain a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton, and people need to stop freaking out they are working on a patch to fix many of the issues, that aside Assassins Creed Unity is a Beautiful game with a great story, great stealth mechanics, amazing customization, and the remodeled paris is just Beautifully made, I would say co-op is amazing but i havent been able to play it because my friends aren't able to connect (another thing they are fixing in the patch hopefully)but it looks amazing, and lastly the hours upon hours of gameplay is great.I would have to give this game a9.5/10Pros-Amazing Sceneary-Great Story-Fun Gameplay Mechanics-Co-op Looks fun-Fantastic Customization-Lots of GameplayCons- Has a few bugs that need to be and will be fixed- Not very well optomized (Hopefully Fixed)Overall fantastic gameBuy it if you can handle a couple bugs and tiny frame issues if you can't handle it wait for the patch. :)"
76561198111306035,Recommended,289650,13009703,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Big Deal,Well like my computer cant run it and i was planning on getting a new one really soon but testing it out i got a major bug.  His hair was flipping out man.  But i heard it was good from friends.
,Recommended,289650,13240009,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,HUNGER PANGS,"I absolutely recommend this game as a good and playable game. However, there are things that can be improved on.But I like the storyline and stuff.First assassin Creed game i have ever played and it has gave me a good impression."
76561198023379826,Recommended,289650,13477066,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Injection,B.S aside .. you like AC series ? and if youre willing to deal with some annoying bugs here and there like every new gameget this b**ch asap! .8.5/10Ubi <3
76561198086291125,Recommended,289650,16134810,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Jungle=Idiot,nice one in this series. every bug and framrate problams have fixed.
,Not Recommended,289650,15175215,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,NiceandFresh,No.
,Not Recommended,289650,23147701,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Hot Spicy Bepis,this game gave me ebola and cancer at the same time
76561198042203019,Recommended,289650,35157309,Posted: 23 September,all,45MIC,very goood game. recommended
,Recommended,289650,13482739,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,wreck :x,Play as a stinky Frenchman.10/10Would be stinky again.
,Recommended,289650,13762285,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dominic,great story - get bichesgreat gameplay - fly around from building to buildinggreat physics - run around in your dressing gownruns great - no crashes whatsoeverperfect game no problems 10/10 would like to see another million versions
,Recommended,289650,15432850,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,roti bakar,This Game Is the best game i have played....Nothing can be better than this game....So Awesome....U must get this game....
,Not Recommended,289650,16529420,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Major Dingus,this game made me get 3 pc just to find out it does not work. if you want it get it get is on the ps4
,Recommended,289650,13787393,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,^2sigg,They should fix the framerate of the game and its all good. Ive got all the requierments and even higher and get 30 and below. And yes I do recommend this game on the story and playstyle but dislike on the framerate.
,Not Recommended,289650,24589576,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,VACware.net,started game> menu hard to navigate with 15 fps>manage to get settings on lowest possible settings 15 fps lives on>moves 5 feet realizes i wasted 40$ on a game that cannot run>requested refund from steam uninstalled game10/10 gaming experience
,Recommended,289650,13975939,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,[ e c t o ],My PC just got closed its windows with a blue signage.
76561198129095885,Recommended,289650,13975972,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,free-minecraft.nk,good. but glitches.
,Recommended,289650,14753352,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Magziscool,people are so butt hurt. I never experienced anything bad performance wise. The game is amazing. You need a better rig friends.
,Recommended,289650,13550806,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,great game but still need to fix the freeze bugs
,Recommended,289650,13282036,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Duke690,Almost a month since the release and still unplayable. ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft
76561198094975131,Not Recommended,289650,27942838,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WeinerWard,"Upgraded my pc, its a good game but they havent fixed the bugs"
76561198119543710,Recommended,289650,13724150,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,killbill12344,i cant find the activation code
,Recommended,289650,15842764,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,Idk whether or not I like this game.
,Recommended,289650,14544164,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dorito Man,THIS GAME IS AWSESOME LIKE BACON
76561198110571901,Not Recommended,289650,12963518,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,bgray9054,"Updated Review 9/25/15After my 3rd time playing the game, wanted to update some items.Pros -* GraphicsNow that they've released like 38 patches, the game looks pretty good and runs great. Running the game in 3840x2400 and it is beautiful.  (will post system specs at the bottom)* I like the upgrade system so that you can gradually upgrade your assassin, both with skills, and the his gear / outfits / weapons.Cons -Everything else. The biggest culprit is the combat system of the game. They've removed everything that made the previous iterations great. I'm a huge AC fan and have been since the series was released, but this game is just awful. I understand that they wanted to make the game more difficult, but the way they went about it was about the worst way they could have done it. Removed counter kills, human shields, disarms, the ability to pick up weapons. They've given every enemy on the battlefield a firearm and to reiterate they removed human shields. Human shields were put in to AC3 and AC4 for the specific purpose of giving you a viable and sensible way to engage enemies with firearms at close range and survive. Absolutely ludicrous by the developers. The combat system alone is so awful that I absolutely cannot recommend the game based on that factor alone. It is THAT bad.Furthermore, the camera system during combat makes it almost impossible to see the enemies as they are engaging you, especially in tight quarters. You will most often just end up dropping smoke bombs left and right so you don't end up dead. When you attempt to parry, sometimes it works, and sometimes it doesn't, even if your timing is perfect. If they wanted to make the game more difficult, they can simply design various enemy classes where certain types of enemies have to be handled differently (break defense, tripping the enemy from behind, etc.) - see the Batman Arkham series' virtually perfect combat system for my meaning. But don't take away what's made the whole franchise great - good mission design, great combat system and great story.Clunky controls - both climbing, and the aforementioned combat. When I press a button it takes a second or two for Arno to respond and do what he should. All previous AC games were not like this - you pushed a button, and your character responded immediately. I'm not sure if this is an engine issue with the game, or if they purposely designed it this way, but the controls need to be much smoother and much more responsive.Bad / Nonexistent present day story. I'll re-iterate from some of my previous AC game reviews - killing Desmond off was about the dumbest thing they could've done. The present day story is now boring, and as a result gives you as the player no anchor point to understand what the heck is going on or what the purpose of going back in time. When Desmond was there you were able to have more in-depth conversations with your cohorts (Shawn, Lucy, Rebecca, etc.). The earlier games did a great job in this area and developed a solid, detailed, coherent story.Poor character development. This is an area Ubisoft has been failing in since AC3. By rushing through the time periods they are not leaving themselves much time to properly develop each main character. Connor, Edward, Shay, Arno, they rush through their lives so quickly that they really don't have time to develop them. By the time you're just starting to get to know the character, they've moved on and are ending the game only to move on to another character - this is why Ezio was loved so much - not only was AC2 just a magical game and a solid 10/10 in every measurable category, but they developed his character - everything he did, every upgrade he got for his equipment, every move he learned, everything was explained and made sense. They should try to stay in a given time period for 2-3 games to properly develop a character and close out his life as well as to show proper chronological story-telling from one assassin to the next, especially since they share the same genetic line.Unexplained story happenings - I don't want to spoil anything, so I'll just say at the end of the game you come into contact with certain artifacts, the origins of which are never explained - Ubisoft has been doing a terribly poor job of explaining things in the story and developing it properly like they did through the first 3 or 4 games.I absolutely cannot recommend this game to anyone. AC series aside, I'm not sure if I've ever played a game I disliked more than this one. I'm not sure I'd recommend this game even if it was just 5 dollars. It's that bad. Save yourself some cash and steer clear. The developers succeeded in making combat more difficult. They also succeeded in making the game not the least bit enjoyable to play. A new development team is needed to take over the franchise. Whoever worked on AC2, ACB, ACR, and AC4 need to be working on Unity's successor. Whoever the game director was for AC Unity should be doing QA only going forward.Rig Specs:ASROCK 990FX Extreme 4AMD FX 835016GB DDR3(2) EVGA GTX Titan X Hydro Copper - 2-Way SLI"
,Not Recommended,289650,35012738,Posted: 16 September,all,MashedPixels,Bought the game. Loaded it up. Clicked Play game. ACU.exe isn't working. Game Crashes. Trys 100 times. Looks everywhere on the internet for solution. Doesn't find any. Refunds it.Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game doesn't workEdit: I don't believe that unity is a bad game as a whole however from my experience the game has a hard timing even loading without crashing and I have a 1060 with a i7 6700 so I don't have a weak system by anymeans. However I might of just got unluckly so if you want to see if it works for you then be my guest but be prepared for crashes.Functionality (May vary from person to person): 1/10Gameplay: n/aStory: n/aPerformance: n/a
,Recommended,289650,13982979,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,heratir,"If you liked the assassin's creed games, you will have fun with this one.If the previous games didn't affected you, this one isn't the one that will change this.After the four major patches the game should be playable ... in general."
,Recommended,289650,13970302,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Lord Eagle,"Okay, there's been a lot of hate towards Ubisoft and it seems like everyone on that bandwagon is oblivious as to how bloody difficult it is to create an AAA game as large as ACU in a year. Mind you, this is coming from a Computer Science (programming) student who graduates in four months, so my input has little structure to it (sarcasm).First, let’s discuss how dramatic of a jump it was (engine code wise) from Black Flag to Unity. They rewrote the engine. Next topic…okay, I’ll elaborate on this one. Rewriting an engine is not something new, but it’s insane to do this in a period of one year. Other companies like Blizzard and Bethesda had more time to rewrite their engines. They rewrote the engine AND expected to get all the game content done in a year. Talk about unreasonable deadlines.Second, in the game engine, the crouching (just the crouching) feature alone took SIX MILLION LINES OF CODE! That’s a single feature in the game. You know what else has six million lines of code? The servers that launch Tomahawk missiles. Let me put this in another perspective, no student alone has written half that amount over their time (four years) at school. Maybe one million, but not three. There are so many bugs that could happen in SIX MILLION LINES and that doesn’t take in account for how it might affect the other features of the game. So there’s that.And lastly, they had a year to do ALLLLLL these changes with the new AI interface they’re using on top of the co-op mode, which still needs work in the rules department since most of individuals who play it are autistic twelve year-olds setting off every alarm in the map. You can’t even fathom how unrealistically high the expectations of this game were on every level. And I’m emphasizing “unrealistically” as in it wasn’t going to happen in a year without a lot of hick-ups.So let me wrap up by saying, it’s not entirely Ubisoft’s fault this game didn’t meet the expectations right after release. You guys pushed them. Giving them bucket loads of pre-order cash, does not make the game developing process go faster. If you a programmer needs to finish his software in a month, but he needs another month to do it without flaws, throwing twice the amount of money in his face won’t get it done faster. If an artist needs more time on a canvas, dropping $300K doesn’t help get it done on time. Sure you could argue they could’ve hired more people to work on it, but do you have any idea how much more confusion that makes for the development team once they’re already halfway done with it? I’ll admit, you need a powerful computer (which is why I had to buy a new GPU) for this game, and it still have a few bugs that need fixing, but it’s still a good game right now. At the time it was a disaster, but that’s because it was released before it was finished, only because the bratty puberty entering fanbase would have had a tantrum if the game had to be delayed a couple months.Tl:dr Wait 3-4 months after the launch of an Ubisoft game, it'll be worth the money then. (and this game requires next gen equipment, not your GTX 670)"
76561198021755894,Recommended,289650,13995972,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,CharlZie,Its good
76561198107209246,Recommended,289650,13116611,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,sagivbla4,"Great map, fun and great gameplay but weak story"
,Not Recommended,289650,23696749,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,rageoftenaciousD,"dont understand why its so broken on my system ive got 2 gb Vram and 12gb ram and it doesnt run , but i can run witcher 3 on high . im running this game on low and it doesnt run. big waste of my 40.00"
,Not Recommended,289650,32708279,Posted: 23 June,all,Cyfyclops,Absolute garbage
,Not Recommended,289650,19986163,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Fat Budget Shox,♥♥♥♥ bring back ezio god ♥♥♥♥ing damn it
76561198120055531,Not Recommended,289650,33114416,Posted: 1 July,all,klarcm,Do not buy this game. It crash after playing 10-15mins. This happens to many people.
,Not Recommended,289650,32481182,Posted: 16 June,all,DOOR STUCK,DON'T DO IT
,Not Recommended,289650,34155368,Posted: 10 August,all,WiLSOn,"Was playing for about 10 - 15 minutes... then it went to my desktop and said ACU.exe stopped working,Thanks alot Ubisucks."
,Not Recommended,289650,16159779,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Garde_Voir,"I preordered and couldn't play it until patch 1.5. I paid $60 but it's worth maybe $10. It's still unfinished :/  Lovely city, but awful story."
,Not Recommended,289650,15847083,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Starcatraz,Only Russian? wtf is wrong with you Ubisoft
76561198079858034,Recommended,289650,16020269,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,bryan3395,great game so far till i got to the boss fight at the church where you fight your mentor but hay as soon as they patch that and we can get past it and finish the game it will be perfect in my book but as of right now i give it 5 out of 10 once i get passed that part it will go up a number and the ending and story line from there will make it go up or down
,Not Recommended,289650,16535869,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,JackDaniel,so bad
76561198050445248,Not Recommended,289650,14896977,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,iZZY,Apparently this game BY DEFAULT IS IN RUSSIAN (Dota games flash backs) NEED help to fix not sure why youd do this and on top of this Ubisoft nice job really following EA with the client and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with lack optimization games
,Recommended,289650,13221389,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Funkyjim,Buggier then Goat Simulator10/10 would lose my face again
76561198066830229,Recommended,289650,13486451,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Allahu Akbar,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄██▄░░░░░ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░ ▄░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ U HAVE BEEN SPOOKED BY THE▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄SPOOKY LENNY░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▐▌
,Not Recommended,289650,16144140,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Please Stop Calling Me Gay,10/10 would commit suicide againafter purchasing the game with DLC of course
,Recommended,289650,13991184,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Sneepar,AMAZING!
76561198008486917,Not Recommended,289650,12885377,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Cauvster,"37 gigs, ♥♥♥♥ing uplay garbage log in, spam left click to fight. I mean come on..... Really?"
76561198075568357,Not Recommended,289650,16163004,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,bucky sucky,so bad
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,289650,17650046,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Dustin,"First of all, what kind of game starts with the stories cutscene and actual game BEFORE a main menu where you can switch your f*cking options!? The only game I can think of is ResiSH*T EVIL, oh but this AC : SH*T bag does too!WHAT A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!One of the absolute WORST Assassin's Creed games I've EVER PLAYED!Seriously AC: Revelations, no... AC III was better than this sh*thole...So why do I dislike it?First lets talk about the Assassin's Creed ""style""...Now I know every new gen game of AC puts in new controls and features that we aren't used to, so it makes us confused at first but we grow into it. I was confused as F*CK when this W+SHIFT+SPACE ment free run up and W+SHIFT+E was free run down, when I'm used to shift as free run and space as jump. Well NO MORE of that comfortable sh*t we gave you more b*llsh*t to deal with!I feel bad, cause they f*ck up with so many cryptic keyboard controls I can only imagine how F*CKED the controls are on sh*tty a*s console f*ck dumb a*ses.I don't even feel like collecting all the collectables (like I did in EVERY other game) or even complete it! Somehow it just feels so uncomfortable and sh*tty, I don't like this game.Beyond getting used to that, the graphics are (once again like most games [GTA5]) poorly optimized to even run with a $700 new gen graphics cards. Thanks uPlayWithMyD*ckHeads...Ontop of the ""NEW AWESOME FEATURES"", WHY IN THE F*CK IS EAGLE VISION A TIMED ABILITY!?!?!?!?!? THAT'S F*CKING C*CKSH*T!!!! Especially when this game REQUIRES you to USE IT!?!?!?!?I'm super disappointed, this isn't Assassin's Creed, this is a wanna-be original Assassin's Creed II game with sh*ttier EVERYTHING IT F*CKING SUCKS!!!!How many times do we have to replay this game, with a new character, AND LEARN EVERYTHING ALL OVER AGAIN!?!?!?!The combat system makes you feel like a sh*thead! No more counter attack instant kills, now you feel like you're an un-strong piece of sh*t with a stupid sword!I quit playing after the what 4th memory of the 1st sequence?? AND I'VE NEVER QUIT AN AC GAME, WHICH GOES TO SHOW HOW F*CKING TERRIBLE THIS ONE IS!I HIGHLY DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PIECE OF C*NT!!!! IT'LL F*CK YOU IN A*S AND LAUGH AT YOU, YOU F*CKING MORONS!!!!!!!!0/10"
76561198307237899,Not Recommended,289650,25681932,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ryanagreyes2005,"What ever you do, please do not by this game. Unless you have a really powerfull PC."
76561198208417125,Not Recommended,289650,32559837,Posted: 19 June,all,Hoodini,just don't
,Recommended,289650,12999899,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,0bsol3te,"Let me start out by saying that this game has its bugs. That does not bother me. When they fix them, this game will have pretty awesome gameplay. But the story sucks, for lack of a better term.I love Assassin's creed. I do. But this is not Assassin's creed. It's a fantastic game. But It's not Assassin's Creed. From the first game onward you have the option of leaving the Animus and looking upon the choas that the Assassins V Templars conflict is causing on the world. You get to play that. Your character took the knowledge gained from ancestors and applied to the real world. Unity has none of that. In fact, you could completely miss Unity in your AC playthrough (Meaning if you were to play all the games in order) and you would miss no important segments of the AC real world Storyline....Like excuse me, did the world not end? Or come close to it? What happened to that precursor being that you just unleashed on the world? She just vanish in to thin air? I am very disapointed with the story. Even the historical parts were off. I had no attatchment to any of the characters. SPOILERS INBOUND When Elise died I brushed it off. END SPOILERDespite the bugs, even, I manage to love it. But I'm also disappointed."
76561197970728128,Recommended,289650,12886186,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,#GLOCK-23,"This game plays so slow even with decent FPS , moves slow ,fights slow, im not happy at all ;(i wouldn't waste my $ on this game till they fix it , im hoping they doi wouldn't buy it at this timeif you can stick out the 1st 2 memorys it starts to clear up after wards"
76561198054629343,Recommended,289650,16180343,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Insomnia,"Good:Interesting game, intense atmosphere.Amazing graphics and combat.Feels like playing a Franch Ezio.Bad:Linar story.Annoying Cam.Non intuitive controls.NPC'S with a franch accent.Can't run it on Ultra and play normal.7/10 Will buy on sale at 50% again."
76561198050167970,Recommended,289650,13988589,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Blarxy12,"Manage to punch in 7 hours in one sitting, I haven't gotten up, and I haven't got any work done what so ever. And I thought the sun was still up.... This game melted my day away for sure. 9.5/10 (.5 off for the very occasional bugs, people tend to exaggerate about the bugs, they're still there, but it's not horribly unplayable.)"
,Recommended,289650,12992555,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Gandalf The Grey,"If you are a Assassin's Creed franchise fan,this is a must-buy for it's gameplay.But if you are looking for story quality like AC2 then it is very likely you will find this game's story predictable and weak.About the performance all I can say is that it's not that good,I did experience framedrop but not game crashing.(PS:I am using 1920x1080 resolution with the game maxed out)My rig:GTX 780(Not overclocked)i5-4670K(Not overclocked)16GB ram DDR3"
,Recommended,289650,12989204,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Melfy ❀,"Guys have any of you read the minimum and recommended pc specs for this game. stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing that your computer sucks, read the requirements first. If you don’t already know amd gpu are not as compatible as NVidia gpus are so this is why you are getting terrible frame rates. All of you are judging your review on how well you can run this game, review it on how good it is not how good your frame rate is.Now that that’s out of the way i rate this game 8 out of 10.The goodAwesome graphics it looks better than real life at ultra 1440p. no joke i thought it was like the trailer.better smoother parkourbetter movement in generalfluid combat/ harder combat.the consit takes a long time for you to start the game and for you to finally become an assassin unlike brotherhood and revelationsthe controls are confusing because the logos for the buttons are weird and they don’t specify how to do certain thingsno counter or kill streak while in combat. the kill streak thing i get for why taking it out, it was too op and made combat too easy, counter we need that ♥♥♥♥ put it back in the game, also you need to hit a guy 50 times to kill them.unrealistic parkour Arno can jump from pillars that are 20 feet away from each other, tell him to go the Olympics daymdon’t even get me started on the enemy aioverall needs some improvements on compatibility with amd gpus, we need counter back and the enemy ai is complete ♥♥♥♥ like all assassins creed games, you guys have a reputation for mentally challenged aiR8 8, buy? wait for it to drop in price"
,Recommended,289650,13991603,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,One Hat Pat,I enjoyed what little I played and never had a issue with the graphics. I ran it at a solid 60 fps with everything maxed out. My computer is also very high end though.
,Recommended,289650,12935891,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Babazi,"The game is running smoothly now with my current pc's specs..Previously i said the game badly glitched because of my overclocking profile, thats not it. The fault was I forgot to plug the 'ez plug' cable on my asus motherboard because im using 3 graphic cards which needs more power, by plugging the 'ez plug' cable, my graphic cards have sufficient power now.."
76561198025161577,Recommended,289650,12989995,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,FaitLeMou,"I see alot of complaints about this game. Personally, as an AC fan, I found it truly awesome. I never saw so much stuff to do in an AC game, the city is gorgeous and amazing to explore. All the «horrible» bugs people are screaming about are not at all consistant, and it never altered my experience in any way. Don't bother about the microtransaction stuff everyone is whining about, it does not cut you any access to the content of the game, just don't use it. The story is ok, the new combat system makes the game a hell lot more difficult than any previous titles, wich makes it a better challenge. The new parkour is very nice, needs a little adaptation at first and it's fine. The graphics? Incredible. If you are a sandbox type of gamer, this game is for you. It's big, it's beautiful and detailed. One of my favorite AC yet with Black Flags."
,Not Recommended,289650,17930938,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,boston,hey guys its me oxygen today im going to tell you a little bit about me!Well the most important part about me is that you need me to breath and live basically!anyway ill see you later biiiiiiiiiiitchhhhh ayy lmao
76561198098276836,Recommended,289650,13989044,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,YEETMASTER,FUN
76561198094793492,Recommended,289650,13772260,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CapnKronos,good if you have a good pc not good if you have a bad pc
76561198165540139,Recommended,289650,16179909,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/deathhands99,i cant go into the game it all ways say acu.exe anyone no how to fix it
76561198259097709,Not Recommended,289650,29815348,Posted: 9 February,all,Donald Trump,The difficulty of the game is too high it can not play.This is not a game.It is thought that the Ubisoft game player immortalI just want to say: I ♥♥♥♥ your  mother Ubisoft
76561198064945050,Recommended,289650,13976813,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,VulgarButFluent,"okay, yes, it had a terrible launch. okay, fine, it took a couple painful months for the patches to roll in. but do you see any other games with its innovation and setting? neither do i. Unity is a vibrant, massive, engaging open world game that is as fun singleplayer as it is running with 3 friends. wether you are just running around slicing up some guards or planning every move in a 20 step heist to get the top score, this game is fun. the armor and weapon selection is crazily in depth, almost like Dark Souls or an MMO. the differences in fighting styles lets you customize how you want to play. i personally favor the spears, sporting a very nice polish blade with a name i cant spell or pronounce. the coloring options, along with the armor, create a personalized experience that really makes you feel connected to your character. upgrading your armor and weapons feels almost like Borderlands, checking stats and trying out a new weapon before you commit to it. the story (im about 3/4s through) is engaging and well voiced and paced. buggy launch and patch issues (which are fixed) aside, i give this game a 8.5/10. its no Skyrim or Super Smash Bros 64, but its way up there. one of the better games ive played in a while."
76561198131759789,Recommended,289650,13849970,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,penguini,umg rly the game crashes when i die in game and then when i load ot back up it crashes my whole pc ;/PLZ FIXXXXbut still ok
,Recommended,289650,13484932,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DefConZero,"The people who are against this game aren't looking at it artistically. They're focusing strictly on the idea that every piece of technology in this world needs to be absolutely flawless, regardless of how rushed the release is due to high demand.Play the game, and look at the beauty of the storyline, the incredible views (take a look at my screenshots for examples) and the weaponry/fighting style. It truly is an amazing game now that ubisoft has patched like crazy and apologized profusely for the minor inconvenience of a couple temporary bugs.Personally my favourite thing about this game (aside from the brand new fighting animations and style) is the database, showing their take on history. You'll learn a lot about the revolution, and the database has a lot of interesting facts, opinions, and hilarious takes on historical figures and events.There's a reason the hype for this game was so high. It's great."
,Recommended,289650,12986841,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,SphinX,"Pluses:1) Next get graphics and animation2) New awesome parkour3) Challenging gameplay4) Fun coop5) Interesting side missionsOne BIG BAD minus:1) The game came out in early beta stageMy hardware: i5 4670k, 16 Gb RAM, GTX 780. Started playing with game version 1.1.First of all, the only reason I overlook the state of the game is that it actually feels like the first next gen game. But it is too ambitious, it's trying to do so much that it fails. The development of the game had obviously started before Sony and MS shared the specs of the new consoles.So my opinion that the game really could use another 2 months of beta testing, but Ubisoft hurried and released it too soon, that's why we getting so many complaints. But, you have to admit, the post launch support has been amazing: already 2 patches came out, 3rd is being worked on and they constantly provide updates about the state of these patches.A few suggestions on how I made the game run better:1) Make sure you have the latest patch and drivers2) Turn off AA in game, force it through Nvidia control panel or CatalystI have around 50-60 fps, game occasionally freezes for a few seconds, parkour sometimes can be funny: 1 time he jumps 10 meters, next time he can't jump 2 meters, hiding in cover doesn't always work, but I think I got used to these already."
76561197973667373,Recommended,289650,12988652,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,dmoblate,"I have  Windows 8.1, 12 mb of XMP memory, Asus GTX 970 graphics card.  I had some initial difficulty of getting the program to run however I was finally able to get it to run at Ultra settings with little if any stutter.  Sometimes I would have to restart the computer for the game to start as it would not start on the first try.  I played about 32 hours and my mouse unresponsive so I stopped the game for awhile.  When I tried to reload the game it gave me an error that my game files were corrupt and would I like to start a new game.  I chose NO in hopes that it would be able to recover but the computer went into an enless loop to nowhere...which means that I lost 32 hours of gameplay!  I pre-purchased the game but I will never do that again and I will not play the game again until most of the bugs are worked out.  I thought that the files were backup up to there servers???   The game itself I really enjoyed.  The scenery is beautiful and there's a lot in it with the crowds and different things going on.  The GTX 970 handled everything beautifully, however I was really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I lost all those hours of gameplay.  I was on Sequence 9, about 25% of the story completed.  I also might add that the way they did coop is really interesting and fun.  I do recommend the game when they get rid of most of the bugs, but even though I own the game I will not play it again until the bugs are worked out because of the lost of time invovled...that was very dissapointing."
76561198049394216,Recommended,289650,12995070,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,SpookyScaryRapist,"Despite all the bugs , the is realy good  and fun too play.Also the are going to fix the game so no need to worry. 9/10"
76561198097986700,Recommended,289650,12989445,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,HammeredApple,"As you can see, I have not logged very many hours as some of the more helpful reviews, but from what I have played I'm willing to say this:1)Lag and Crashes:  Most of the negative reviews I feel are no longer relevant, as I nor any friends also playing on pc have encountered these game breaking crashes since the most recent patch. However,2)Controls: Mouse and keyboard can be extremely clunky. The game seems to respond much quicker when using controller input. It is still playable without a controller but you might want to make sure you have a decent stock of medicine as you'll be missing parries and dodges more frequently than you'ld like.3)Graphics: The graphics are very well done, as is true in most AC games. Cutscenes might skip frames, but I find them still enjoyable. What is not enjoyable however is that it seems one of every three cutscenes are un-skippable. Some of you might agree or disagree, but I like to have the option to skip a long boring cutscene if I want to.At the moment the in-game pause menu is a blinding white box of eye-burning brightness with the occasional flicker (not sure If it's just me, or if others have also experienced it) that can just barely be navigated by concentrated squinting and guesswork. I'm hoping that future patches will fix this.In my personal view, and from what I've played so far, I feel the game is not as enjoyable as Black Flag. But it is a blessed step up from AC3 and I am cautiously optimistic and just a wee bit hopeful that as the developers scramble to fix what is broken, and eventually (again, hopefully) the game might become a shiny bit of silver in the Assassin's Creed treasury."
76561198008108975,Recommended,289650,12976680,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,helgifannar,I liked this game. did not find it glitching out on me alot. has some good elements that can be worked out more
76561198028348702,Recommended,289650,12980706,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Herr Doman,"Despite having some framerate issues, I really enjoyed this game, Paris is huge, the story is great and I love the new customization and all the new weapons this time around, and how can I forget about coop? I was never really a fan of AC multiplayer but now I am, this game is a winner in my opinion."
76561198075289309,Recommended,289650,12993079,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,"We'll bang, OK?","Love the co-op, story is pretty good but sometimes boring.But the freaking combat, SO MUCH RAGE! :D"
,Recommended,289650,12973793,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Stormcrow,"I'm a big fan of the Series, and I believe in Ubisoft. It's laggy a bit on my computer but it's not too bad , still playable. The 2nd update made it even better. Gotta love the story and characters, they're pretty badass <3. I recommend the game but you need a good graphics card to run it, for sure."
,Recommended,289650,12999462,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Bragmas,"Awesome game IMO. I've had a lot of fun since launch.The combat is very engaging and fun. The A.I. has improved since the previous games. If you're not careful they can kill you just as easy as you can kill them.The Parkour system is much improved also. The choice of free-running up or down really adds to your choices of routes to take while chasing or running away.The progression of your equipment is nice too. Lots of choices and color schemes to unlock and choose from. There are plenty of missions to partake in that are solo and co-op and reward you with equipment and currency.The amount of NPCs in this large immersive world and the random reoccurring mini-events that happen between the NPCs makes the game feel living. Not to mention the amazing graphics.The Co-op in the game is an amazing addition as well. To coordinate assassinations and to take different approaches to your target(s) is very fun.However, there are plenty of bugs in this game that need patching, none of which I have experienced other than the FPS drops in some cut-scenes and U-Play connectivity. My friends have experienced falling through the floor but that has been recently patched. All in all, I do recommend this game. Maybe about a month or so when they iron out some of these bugs."
,Recommended,289650,13986009,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Lil Torel,best game ever
76561198259576801,Not Recommended,289650,32987548,Posted: 29 June,all,Eeile,awful.
,Recommended,289650,12985262,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,AxiAl Fundo,"So after a few hours in the game I can say that it works... Mostly. I've noticed that people are constantly going on about it not working at all and that they can't even run the game. I can't say why this is happening to people since they say their specs live up to the requirements but it totally works for me. I only have a NVIDIA GeForce GTX 670 which doesn't even exceed the minimal requirements (NVIDIA GeForce GTX 680) but it still looks decent and it works fine for some weird reason. Buildings in the distant look like♥♥♥♥♥♥but there is so much stuff to see around you so there is no reason to focus on the distance.Now, the story didn't really live up to my expectations. It isn't bad, however it isn't good either. The gameplay exceeds my expectations though. The co-op works perfectly with the gear-gathering and the different missions. I do believe Ubisoft have created the most detailed, interactive and simultaneous world ever seen in the franchise. It's incredibly fun to simply run around in Paris with the new parkour system and huge crowds and the random street events create a deep immersion unlike anything I've ever seen.But now it sounds like I'm saying ACU is without any downsides at all. I have however fallen through the world once and the framrate is quite low but not anything I can't deal with. Overall the game is decent, the new customization is really fun and the abilty to build my own assassin has always been a dream. For a straight up rating I would give it something like a 5.5/10 (because 6 is to high)"
76561198091653161,Recommended,289650,12989542,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,myth85,"Loving the game, however it does have performance issues and a couple bugs, they are releasing patches to fix these issues. Although I miss the whole pirate theme with Black Flag, this is a refreshing change and is still fun to play."
76561198151625263,Recommended,289650,12980484,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,R.Zal,This game is so Awesome !!!
,Recommended,289650,12892732,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DarkLames,"Completely rewrighting the review, as I felt like the last one had a few lies in it.So, right off the bat I'm going to say that this is definetly not as bad as people are saying it to be. It has everything most people want in a game, like combat, a good story, stealth, historical timeline, multiplayer, and the ability to customize your character, the list goes on and on. However it lacks some things too, like having a stable framerate, or a good civilian A.I. Throughout this review, I am going to go over all the key concepts you have to know.You play as Arno Dorian, a brand new Assassin introduced to the series. Arno at first is portrayed as a very innocent, curious, and daring young boy. After the death of his father he was then adopted and raised by François de la Serre, the grand master of the Templar Order. Many years later François is killed and Arno feels like what happened was completely his fault and fights for revenge, along with Élise, François' daughter, who is fighting for avengence. There's only one catch, Arno is following his original father's footsteps and becomes an Assassin, where as Élise is following her father and becomes a Templar.Arno is almost like all the past Assassin's combined. He is charming like Edward, can be funny like Ezio,  brutal like Connor, and respects the Assassin order like Altaïr. The result comes out great in my opinion.Most of the game takes place during the French Revolution. You will be able to see many real events, like the Reign of Terror, the Rise of Napoleon, and just plain out riots. One of my most favorite things is just to explore, and if you already have the game I  encourage  you to do it too. I have no goal at all, I just run. You will be able to see so many cool landmarks and events, Like crowds protesting infront of Notre Dame, or a crowd just sraight up flipping over a carriage. It's moments like these that can really make you just stop and stare at what a work of art this game is. (that is of coarse if your game isn't lagging like crazy)Speaking of lag, the game is definetly not the best PC port ever. I can still play it at a pretty steady framerate in most areas, but when I get infront of a very detailed building, I'm seeing like 20 fps. I don't like to base reviews around how the game is on pc, and mainly just focus or the game itself, but this really effects the flow of the game. However, I am glad to see that Ubisoft is paying attention to us. A day before releasing this review a patch was released that fixed many bugs, and they said they are working on a more patches.Now onto the gameplay. Assassin's Creed is known for there Parkour system. The last major improvement was shown in Assassin's Creed 3, which really only changed the climbing, not the basic flow. But this feels like a entirely new game. Unlike past games, Assassin's Creed Unity allows you to have more control over where you are going, and even adds the ability to climb down faster, which no matter what looks bad♥♥♥♥♥♥ Parkour is not the only thing changed though, unlike what Assassin's Creed has been doing by making combat easier, they made it extremely difficult this time around. There's no counter attacks, no human shields, and no more wiping out a entire army with a pistol. This makes the game even better, you have to actually think about your next attack, instead of just mashing mouse 1. And I'm not done yet. They also added the long awaited ability to crouch and hide behind cover. The cover system rarely works though, I will find myself mashing the space bar infront of a wall, just for Arno to hide against a chair or table. It didn't kill me to much, just really irritates me. Also, they got rid of the ability to pick up bodies, it would be great if I could be able to slide a body while crouched, and to pick it up while standing. I was expecting this but sadly did not get it.Onto what Ubisoft made the biggest deal about, the co-op. Co-op with friends is one of my most favorite things in games, and now it's in one of my most favorite games. But does it work good is the question. Well, yeah, I guess. We all know by now that the game is VERY buggy, and Co-op is even buggier. Sometimes you will be teaming up on one guy, then every one will preform a finishing move all at once, and freeze in place for a second. However, the co-op has high replay value, and when everything does go smoothly, it's one of the coolest things.My most favorite review of the game so far.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4sXl7daDWYPros:-Harder combat-Intense story-Co-op-Interesting characters-Fast paced Parkour-Emphasis on stealth (If your into that)-Costomization-A true Assassin's Creed gameCons:-Bad PC port-Wonky cover system-Buggy-Buggy-Buggy-UplayAlso, there's something I must point out that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much. So at the beginning they show this list of different Assassin's and asks you to chose one. All of them are locked but one. It's really misleading and made me think the enire time that I was going to unlock and play a mission as Ezio with the new parkour system and graphics. This is just out of my stupidity so it doesn't effect the review, but just keep that noted because I know a lot of other people were fooled."
,Recommended,289650,12938271,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,BORN IN THE WRONG GENERATION,"Assassins creed unity, with its poor launch and multiple glitches, is in fact the best game of the year in my opinion.Hearing of all the performance issues from others, I was a bit worried when buying this game. Unsure whether I got really really lucky, I was able to play this game just fine.My specs:i5 4670k @ 4.4ghz8gb ddr3 ramGTX 970 OC edition from Asus.I have been running this game like a dream. Averaging around 55 fps with all settings at highest besides aa. I realize that many people have been struggling to hit even 10fps with near super computers which is definately an issue to be fixed. With that being said I will now give my opinion on what I think of the game so far, starting with the cons of the game itsself, and not of the performance. I believe that this will be the best game of the year if Ubisoft can get back on their feet and slow down a bit.Cons-Enemy ai can be a bit funny sometimes, such as an enemy following you halfway across Paris even if you're miles away.A texture pops in a little more than I would like to see in a AAA game.Pause menu's are a little laggy at times.I have heard others complain of the long loading times, although I don't experience anything more than about 20 seconds.Obviously those are just my cons as I'm sure others would find many more than I did. I am not a fanboy of this series, I have only owned Assassin's creed 2 and 4, and I loved both of them. With that out of the way, now the Pros.Pros-Paris...This city is stunning, the shadows, reflections, textures, everything is simply breathtaking, I believe that this game has jumped the gap between Last and Next gen gaming, truly maximizing the visuals to something we've never seen in a game.The new combat system is a very...very good jump from Black flag, instead of pressing 2 keys (counter-attack) I am now finding myself forced to use more stealth simply for the fact of it being impossible to face an army like in past games.The story, without spoiling too much, Arno is pretty much a disrespectful, cocky young man who finds it hard to respect well?....anyone. The story is longer than any story I've played in the series with enough side missions to keep you occupied for a good year or two.The new parkour engine is very well done, making transitions smoother and more fluid. As any game though, your character tends to grab the wrong window when you need to make that fast escape resulting in a lot of anger at times.The accessability. Simply stunning, 1 out of 4 homes is fully accessable and furnished with even the tiniest details such as silverware. It is things like these that Truly immerse people the most, making it feel just a little closer to actually being there.The character customization is very well done. I was a bit sceptical at first but I love being able to make my own truly unique assassins when playing with friends.The multiplayer. From what I have played of it, It is very well made and seamless. Being able to play with 4 people in a sandbox the size of Paris is simply incredible. This should hold me over till GTA V in terms of free roaming.So thats about it, I probably sounded biased in the Pros but those were just the things that I personally enjoyed. I wish I could give it a full 10 stars but for the bad release that many experienced I will be giving it a 9/10. This game is like nothing we've seen before, truly utilizing the power of next gen to bring us a game that is well worth the 60$. I hope I didnt offend anyone in this, I simply saw all the worthless reviews going around and felt like people should know the REAL facts about the games."
76561198204873928,Not Recommended,289650,28550925,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Lucas8213,"THE WORST GAME EVER!I WAS  EXPECTING A GREAT GAME BUT BEFORE YOU BUY YOU BETTER HAVE AN AMMMMMMMAAAAAZING COMPUTER OR YOU WILL BE STUCK LIKE ME WITH THE GRAPHICS TURNED TO♥♥♥♥♥♥AND YOU STILL LAG TO HELL AND THEN ON TOP OF THAT THE GLITCHES ON THIS GAME ARE HORRIBLE BECAUSE I HAVE HAD TO RESTART SOOOOOO MANY TIMES BECAUSE I WOULD BE STUCK IN SOMETHING OR A PARKOUR GLITCH!SO PLEASE DO NOT GET THIS GAME, PLEASE!"
,Recommended,289650,12943395,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Mjorlin,"I see that there is much hate for this game right now from all the glitches, lag, and variety of other problems that are currently plaguing this game. I am a huge fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise and throughly enjoyed most of the games in the series. That includes this one. YES there are problems like lag and glitches but those can be fixed with Ubisoft releasing an update. I know Ubisoft has already devised this update and am unsure if it has been released to all yet. So there is help on the way. I, even before the update, have had relatively good luck or something with this game as the only problems I have been facing are occasional stuttering, my game froze once and some glitches where I fell through the map. Some of my friends have it worst off then me yet they don't make the game unplayable.Now to the actual game itself. I really like some of the changes that were added to the game, like the phantom blade, and the new parkour mechanics. The game is really fun to play with your friends. I don't like how they did take stuff out though, some of these: ability to pick up weapons and dead guards, ability to use hidden blades or anything other than a sword, pike, or heavy weapon, and a few other things. But all in all I really like this game and would recommend this to anyone that has the specs to run it as it is a taxing game."
,Recommended,289650,12943553,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Admiral Skrotus,"Despite all the bad reviews about this game. I've been able to run it perfectly fine with Frame Rates easily capping 60 fps. I'm running an 8 core 4.1 ghz amd processor, 32 gigs of G. Skill ram, crossfire r9 290x's. However I did run into a problem when I installed it on the Mechanical HDD where the game seemed to be a little bogged down, since then i've reinstalled on my SSD which has fixed the slow-mo feeling and making the game visually enjoyable.Other than that, I'm only eight percent into the game. I've been playing it for about 10-20 hours now but i've been mainly  doing side quests and just having some fun exploring Paris. I'm still quite new to the AC experience but i find this highly enjoyable. I played AC3 and AC4, soon to try rogue on the PS4. I would say comparing gameplay to the ones i've played i don't see much of a difference other than storyline. but none the less, I give this an 8/10 for where it's at now."
76561198071733529,Recommended,289650,12976787,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,RabiesDragon,Works great on my laptop. Controls suck sometimes but I'm liking the game overall.
,Recommended,289650,12995542,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ReaLteC,"Many people say this game is lagging and crashing and stops working and it does lag for me and it crashes sometimes, but check what the minimum is for the game to be runned with no probs it says GPU minimum is GTX 680 so dont put hate reviews on this game the story is good the gameplay is amazing"
76561198082494735,Recommended,289650,12994322,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,HåQiN,"I have played the game for about 40 hours now, finished the story and played lots of co-op. Do I recommend this game? Yes, absolutely! It's a fantastic game and I have yet to encounter any game-breaking bugs and glitches. It runs good at very high settings on i5 4670 and GTX 760, and the graphics are stunning!Score: 9.6/10"
76561198026671020,Recommended,289650,12937493,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,miloinindo,"Initially, the game simple crashed constantly and the frame rate was horrible.  It was unplayable.  While my graphic drivers were up to date, I tried reinstalling them and that fixed all of my problems.The game generally is above 50 fps with a 780.I generally don't write reviews but I want to address the plethora of complaints I am seeing.Bugs: all games have bugs.  After reinstalling my graphic cards, I have seen 1 instance of bugs in roughly 8 hours of play.  It had no impact on the game.Frame rates: the game is advertised as being very demanding.  They made a game that pushes modern tech.  That is a good thing.  It means if you feel like coming back to the game 2 years from now, it will still be beautiful.  If you do not yet have the hardware to play it on max settings but really want to enjoy it that way, sorry but that is your problem and not a fault with the game.Parkour changes:  They changed it.  You now have an up and down option. It takes a bit to adjust but it's undeniably a smoother experience with far more control.  I believe the vast majority of complaints are simply people not adjusting well to a new system.Yes, they botched the launch.  No, it's not a horrible game.However, I don't particularly like some of the story/style changes.  It is more about stealth and less and less about combat.  It's a bit more niche.The graphics are gorgeous.  However, some of the characters get in to uncanny valley territory.  They look just realistic enough that the flaws become creepy at times.If you liked assassin's creed 1, 2 or 3, I would definitely recommend this game.  If you liked the pirate aspect of IV, you may not like this game."
76561198038905341,Recommended,289650,12992396,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,RuNuck,YES there is problems yes there is big bug problems but some people get horrible bugs and some people like me did not get any or only a little bugs. This game is way more challenging than the last games so be prepared to get your♥♥♥♥♥chewed
,Recommended,289650,12937831,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Rossiya Federatsiya,"The best game nice graphics a little harder to fight but thats all fine. Works on nvidia gtx760 ,i5 40Ghz,16GB ram on ultra co op is awesome and joust downloading bug fix . Btw if u cant lounch assassins creed when you download it follow these steps1. go to steam folder and find Steam apps open it go to common and find Assassin's creed unity open it an leave it like that2. Dowload this dll folder from mediafire{LINK REMOVED}http://www.mediafire.com/download/myrf6j12dl6cg6c/xinput1_3.dll3.Put the dll into Assassins creed  folder4.And it should workI recomend this game to anyone realy its featueres are amayzing.Good luck and have fun i know i will :P"
,Not Recommended,289650,33026414,Posted: 30 June,all,asfuk,trash
,Recommended,289650,12976870,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SBRK,"At the sight of all these bad reviews, I feel like giving my opinion on what I think is the best Assassin's Creed since Brotherhood.First things first : Paris is huge, magnificent, full with stuff to do and to see. I live in Paris myself and even discovered a few locations I didn't know about.I like the story and how it is told. It's something that was completely off with the latest ACs : the story telling was completely off and it was just annoying.I, for one, hated all of the ""present"" phases, which are completely absent from that episode, so it makes it even more appreciable for me.Yes, the game needs a very high end rig (which I have) to run smoothly. But we're at that period of time in between two generation of consoles where games evolve and it will take some time for the ""average"" PC to be in par with what those new consoles can do. Yet I completely agree that the developpers COULD optimize the game much better. They just never do, just deal with it.And with all graphics parameters maxed out, the game looks gorgeous.I didn't meet any really handicaping bugs. NPCs sometimes do weird stuff, but with so much of them on the streets, can you really blame them ? Again, comparing with older episodes, it seems to be much improved (I'm looking at you, AC 3...)All in all, excellent game, that will best be experienced with a high end PC, but that doesn't surprise me, nor does it bother me."
,Recommended,289650,12940886,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Jet-Sword,"Awsome game, with built in coop in free roam aswell as coop missions makes this one of the best games of the year for me. Combat is a touch unforgiving and the graphics are amazing. yes the game is poorly optimized but even with this, at high graphics i still manage 45-60 fps with an amd 7870 at 1920x1080.With that said I have run into a few bugs that have caused me to ""fall out of the world"" forcing me to exit and reenter, but even with that, I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the series."
76561198068554779,Recommended,289650,12939143,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,#1 pidaraz,"A patch just came out and fixed most of the issues that I was having with the game, now that it is playable it is not half bad. Its actually pretty good. (one thing though if you dont have minimum requirements dont buy the game, it wont run well at all)"
,Recommended,289650,12942007,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,The Akator,aparantlig im the only one whos going to be honest  the game have some major issues like all citizens looks like one giant blob  the character refuses to do what you want him too do  its a little laggy not so bad it stops and need some time before he moves but so laggy some people stop for a sec glitches will happen so far i would not recomend it on pc  but on ps4 or xbox  its probably better its not the worst game i playd its not the best the good part is team work you can do well you have to play it anyway if youre still reading from a scale from 1 to 10 i give it a 6 on pc how it is on console i dont know should you regret not preordering it no
76561198096578090,Recommended,289650,12985762,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,MLGdonkey,"Pros-Its another Assassins Creed game.-Not like Black Flag-Beautiful Graphics-Amazing insides of buildings-New and improved upgrade systemCons-Its another Assassins Creed game.-Not like Black Flag-The Framerate sucks, but it's playable"
,Recommended,289650,12986927,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,ColdWolf,"First of all - my computer specs:Maximus Ranger VII Moboi7 4790k8gb RAMGTX 770 w/ ACX240GB SDD1TB HDDI can understand people are frustrated that they can't run it, but for me it runs at 60fps.As a little foreword to clear a few points people may have about system stability, I have had ONE crash to desktop, and fallen through the map twice, which most stable games I have played have had similar issues with!For me, this is probably my Game of the Year. It's certainly the best Assassin's Creed of the entire franchise, and though it has its problems even on my setup they're NOTHING compared to the abysmal ACIII port.The Good------------Open Mission Structure: Lets you tackle assassinations the way you want. While it's no Hitman in terms of variety of kills (you still just stab people in the face), the ability to get to your targets how you see fit is a vast improvement.The (New) Stealth: Spotted attacking people by the ever-awkwardly present police, but don't feel like a scrap? Drop a smoke bomb, dart into the nearest crowd. The huge crowds actually hide you from sight now. If they come looking for you in the crowd, they WILL find you.The History: I'm a huge fan of the French Revolution in terms of history, and the game doesn't disappoint. The usual twists on popular history are present and well done.The Combat: Far superior to any of the other entries in the series - challenging, tactical battles that mean if you take your eye off the ball for two seconds, you WILL die horribly. The animations are fantastic.The Graphics: Oh, eye candy...what more need I say?Would love to run the textures on more than 'HIGH' but check the screenshots on my profile for proof: it's stunning.The Not-So-Good--------------------The Save System: I die half way through a 5-star difficulty mission after completing two objectives and have to start again?! Also, if you die AFTER a checkpoint, the enemies respawn...AWKWARD!Enemy Memory: While the AI is fairly good (sight range is INSANE for snipers, certain enemies hunt for you in crowds), they are given a basic 'if I see you again after you escaped, I'll remember you' memory. Unfortunately, this lasts about 25 seconds, and while it's not the worst, it can make ambushes difficult in tight spots because luring enemies can be tough.UPlay: Essentially broken for this game, along with Initiates and the Companion App. Annoying because it prevents access to all of the outfits and chests in the main game itself, but will no doubt (hopefully!) be patched.The Story: I LOVED the story of Arno (and Elise), he's easily a match for Ezio, far more likeable and human. Unfortunately, the story of the Templar plot itself can feel rushed. It does contain some awesome setpieces though.Overall--------If you love the series, and have the computer to run it, it's amazing. If you don't, however, you'll have problems. My advice if you're unsure is wait til it's patched, and then get it."
76561198061456376,Recommended,289650,12987173,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Abaddon,Assassin's Creed back to the origins finally. Great game.
,Recommended,289650,12988560,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,thisisagui,"I actually have no idea what people are talking about in terms of performance.  I have a GTX 750 Ti and am running fairly well (21 fps average) on medium settings.  It's not good, but it's not unplayable either.  No clue what people are talking about.Gameplay wise, though, I think Ubisoft could have done better.  Black Flag was amazing; the huge feature for that game was being able to command ships on a higer scale. (AC3 had it too, but not as much.) Unity on the other hand, does not have any ship commanding at all.The game isn't amazing, but not terrible either.  Play it if you want to, but it's recommended you would have a better PC than me. (GTX 770 or higher)"
76561198019460636,Recommended,289650,12935250,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,leo,"Great game! First sequence in Versailles and part of second in Paris was stuttery to say the least. Then came the Rebirth ( you'll see ), it crashed half way through, rebooted the game, finished Rebirth and boom, no more stutter. Cranked it up from low to ultra gfx and still pretty damn smooth. ( 3570k, gtx 690 ( only 2 gb effective vram ), 16 gb ram 1600mhz, win 8.1, ssd ( highly recommended with all the loading and saving. )For the gameplay and content, so far loving it. AC Revelation was the reason I bought Unity - from all the negative reviews yesterday - probably many because most ppl hadn't unlocked the Rebirth yet ----->>>> ROFL <----- I probably wouldn't have. It's a great deal more complex, biulding characters, developing skills, nice and difficult AI... And a Homogous Paris world to explore to boot.This weekend is gonna be nice and nerdy xd ENJOY Ps."
76561198126696577,Recommended,289650,12992036,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Inviso,"everyhing about his game is great, i love it ^^"
76561198079719648,Recommended,289650,33100431,Posted: 1 July,all,Holy Ghost,gg wp ezsorry....wrong game
76561197970524452,Recommended,289650,12977096,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Rhostadt,"Oh boy, where to start?  A large part of me wants to give this game a 10 out of 10.  However, I cannot objectively do that.  There's a TLDR version at the bottom.The Good:Visually, the game is utterly stunning.  Some people have commented that Unity has gone backwards in terms of the size of the play space.  I say they're full of ****.  No Assassin's Creed game before has been as richly and densely packed with people, things to do, and intricate detail.  You get a hint at this early on in the game, with visits to a couple cathedrals, including Notre Dame.  However, my personal favorite is the Palais et Jardin du Luxembourg (it's in one of the multi-player trailers).  Then there's the people.  Crowds and crowds of people that react both as inviduals and as a mob.  When a fight breaks out, some will flee in fear, others stand and gawk, and some may even join in and help you out!  Most open world games the random NPCs aren't much more reactive than the static buildings, and there aren't enough of them to seriously make you think you're in a real city.  Not so with Unity.  Between the crowds and the amazing detail in the buildings and neighboorhoods, I have never played a game that felt more real and alive, while doing more than walking down the street.As much as I enjoyed Black Flag, I found being able to get bullet-proof armor and chain-counter-killing your way through hordes was more than a bit ridiculous.  If you felt the same way, then Unity is for you, as it's combat is much, much more challenging.  It is also more varied, thanks to a much greater selection in weapons you are able to equip.  One guy is usually pretty easy (although there are exceptions), two guys a modest challenge, three or more and you had better be on your toes.  God forbid one of them pulls a gun on you.  Did I mention that that last gets more likely with more guys in the fight?  If you play smart, you can still feel like a badass, but gone are the days of being Rambo.  I really like being able to pick between swords, long weapons, and heavy weapons.  They're each different in feel, and I can never make up my mind which I prefer (although being able to trip people with the polearms is a big plus).  Pro Tip: Smoke Grenades are your best friend.  They will turn an impossible fight winnable, or allow you to escape even worse fights.I have not completed the story, so I cannot comment much on that yet, although it's fairly solid so far.  However, some of the side missions are quite a big improvement over the generic forgettable ones so commonly seen in previous AC games.  I keep referring to Black Flag, but I enjoyed that one a lot.  Even there, though, all the assassin contracts boiled down nothing more than: get mission, shoot target with berserk dart, win.  In Unity, I have particularly enjoyed the murder mysteries.  Which are beyond ironic considering your profession...I kind of like the parkour in this game, although I find it only ever so slightly better than previous games.  You can still inadvertantly jump to your death, or climb poles when you're trying to chase bad guys.  However, the smooth descents without jumping into hay carts is so long overdue I can't help wonder where it's been all this time.The Bad:If you're bothering to read this, you have probably already heard a great deal about Unity's technical problems.  I am happy to say that I have not experienced most of them.  I have not suffered any crashes, nor any framerate issues, nor fallen through the world.  A large part of that may be that I have a pretty solid computer, and that I don't max the settings (I have shadows and AA turned down a notch or two).  So I cannot help but wonder how many of these problems people are having are a result of them reaching beyond their means.  When Crysis first came out, could you expect 60 fps on max settings when you only just met the recommended system requirements?  Of course not.  All that said...there are definitely some issues to be seen.  I have noticed some pop-in, but by far the most pervasive issue I have noticed is what I think of as 'texture seems'.  They're white lines and artifacts that appear in straight lines like someone didn't butt the textures up against each other like they were supposed to.  They're annoyingly common and do a lot to distract from the otherwise impressive visuals.Stealth.  Ugh.  I feel less stealthy in this game than I did in Black Flag (you know, the one where you could just charge in with minimal consequences).  I'm ok with them making combat more challenging in order to encourage you to be an appropriately stealth assassin.  But then they went and made the stealth clumsy and the enemies hyper-aware.  The cover mechanic is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at best.  It's worse than Black Flag, as you can't even whistle to lure enemies in for a cover kill!  Never mind that you can't dart from cover to cover, and whether you can hind behind something is hit-or-miss.   The enemies can spot you from a hundred yards away, and are quite able to shoot through crowds to hit you.  All the red guys attack you on sight, so it's like the entire city is a restricted zone.  In the actual restricted zones, they're just faster on the trigger.  I have figured out how to work around this, but it mostly involves spamming Eagle Sight.Gear.  There's quite a variety to pick and choose from, which is good.  Except for the fact that most of the high level stuff has to be unlocked via multiplayer stupidity or other even worse third-party whatchamacallits.  Gear unlocks via the missions are usually too late to do any good unless you use a guide to seek them out.  Which puts this otherwise cool feature squarely in the bad column.  If I'm not allowed to enjoy a system without jumping through absurd hoops, you can't count it as a plus for your game, Ubisoft.  Unlocking color selections sucks too, such as the cool dark gray one requiring you to collect a hundred trinkets that are otherwise irrelevant.  Unlocking other schemes are nearly as annoying, as they require the same resource you would use to increase your gear performance.  Can I have the Mayan armor back please?  (Without the bullet-proofing would be fine.)The Ugly:Only one thing belongs here: ""micro""-transactions.  I have gotten used to seeing this crap from MMOs, but seeing this in a mostly single-player game that is already trying to sell you a season pass is beyond the pale.  If you feel like throwing a $100 dollars at the game (even beyond the $60 or $90 you've already spent), you could buy level 5 gear right at the start.  The good news is that it is completely and utterly unnecessary.  Which is saying quite a lot since I'm one of those ones who often (and shamefully) takes advantage of such things.  At the beginning, the 125,000+ livres necessary for the best equipment seems completely beyond reach, in order to prompt you to buy their helix credits.  That sum is not out of reach.  There are missions in mid to late game that will pay 25,000 livres or more.  The real trick, however, is to invest in the cafe.  Do the renovations, do the missions, renovate the Social Clubs.  At max, you are getting 10,000+ livres every twenty minutes of game-time.  And you don't have to actually be playing for the time to pass.  As I type this, I have the game minimized, and it is still accruing money.Summary:Do I regret buying this game?  Most definitely not.  Do I recommend buying this game?  Yes, absolutely.  Eventually, after patches, if you have a good computer, and when it's on sale.I give it a 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,289650,12994495,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TheLegoMan2276,This game is fun! my favorate part is where it dosnt run!10/10 wont run again
,Recommended,289650,12941553,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,zrubenst,"You cannot rate a game ENTIRELY based off of the publisher's opening night publication of said game; sadly 100% of the negative reviews are based on this! Yes: The game is laggy, stuttering and generally low FPS. What did you expect? If you expected it to be perfect, you are expecting to never play the game, because no game is perfect (I still glitch out in Skyrim, which has been out for over 3 years!). All the stuttering, lag, low FPS, etc. WILL BE FIXED within the next month, guarenteed.The reason I love this game has been said many many times before: Good Story, Awsome fighting (actually requires skill), Better parkour experience, LOVE the massive crowds and best of all, I am running a GTX 660 (two teirs below the minimum requirement!) and have experienced no crashes, no lag and no stuttering after I installed the NVidia Unity Driver.I recommend this game! If you are worried about the launch day issues, then wait a month, I guarentee you will be pleased with it whether you buy it now or wait a month."
76561197998453578,Recommended,289650,12969457,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Muso,"I think so far this game is pretty cool. I haven't played much of it yet but I have given the graphics a good test to see how this game runs and to be honest from my experience it is not too bad. I am on a playbe 25-35 FPS swing while in action sequences and free running. This is on the Ultra High settings, soft shadows, TSAA, V sync and bloom etc all on.I am running Win7 64 bit SP1 with AMD FX8350 OC @ 4.34Ghz and a GTX770 4GB card OC 1175 GPU clock, 8GB DDR3 Ram 1800Mhz.It is very playable for me and looks awesome. The cutscnes are getting down to a pitiful 15FPS but because they look so good I can forgive it for now.This game clearly needs some optimisation as well as Nvidia (in my case) optimizing their drivers. Once they can improve the performance of the game engine then  I think I may get a stable 30-40 FPS which would be awesome.If you have a decent PC spec, don;t be put off from what people are saying, yes it has some performance issues but the content is their. If you are unlucky to have some kind of probalem with this game then hopefully the patches will resolve this for you. There should be no reason why a GTX 470 type system could run this on the lower setttings and be playable. Providing your CPU and RAM are pretty good.ADDED MORE NOTES..Just to add that since the latest pacth (Patch 3) I have noted some improvments. Frame rates are coping better on TSAA but since playing around witht he settings some more I have found FXAA to work so much better now than it did before. I got the 25-35FPS swing pre patch on TSAA with all on ultra high, since patch 3 I was still getting the same swing but the frames are more stable so a bit smoother to play. Also the cutscenes where not lagging stuttering as much.With FXAA though I am getting 30-45 FPS with slight swing and very smooth gameplay. Cutscenes are smooth at 20FPS minumum other than the previous 12-15 FPS I was getting before.The patch hasn't fixed everything but it has solved some issues.I still say this is a good game, and if your system is having problems and your machine is high spec, then I think you got something going on because my machine is not as high powered as what some people are claiming doesn't work and I am working just fine...so... I don't know what thats all about really.Personally I think people get crap motherboards because they think so long as they have a monster CPU, RAM and GPU the PC will be awesome, however if your bus speeds of your motherboard are bottlenecking the performance then it will run like crap.I spent money on a decent motherboard so perhaps that is what makes my system different from these i7 GTX980 systems people claim are not working??As for the game itself, the story of the game itself with Arno is OK. Typical assassins creed plot, seeking revenge trying to find out what the templars are up to etc but still fun to play through. Lot's of side missions and other content to keep you busy also. There is some more detective and riddle type missions on this game which I like for a bit of a change. Some of them are a bit of a wild goose chase but if you pay attention and think about the clues, then its pretty rewarding once you figure something out. I quite like this part of the game even though it does not relate to the main story.The control and game mechanics are a littel different but not so much as to think 'whoa this is so different to any others'.... its mainly things like being able to jump launch from wall to wall, i.e. looking back and jumping across a gap to a parallel wall is not something you can do in this game. I think its a bit rubbish but not a terrible loss.The downward free running is pretty good once you get the hang of it between this and dropping off as we used to. You can still drop off platforms but if you are like me, I tend to press the run button by habit and this makes Arno jump down somewhere instead of just hanging of an edge for example... just need to get used to it.The eagle vision works a bit different as it times out faster than before. This is a skill which can be effected by the gear you choose.The gear and weapons is crazy customizable... perhaps too much so, and I am not entirely convinced the stats really make that much difference unless you put on gear that changes them quite extremely. It is still nice to personalise Arno to your playing style though. Some gear costs a lot of credits, and you can upgrade items to get extra stat boosts. There are things called hack points which means you can upgrade by hacking instead of paying which is kinda pointless in some ways but you are grateful when your low on coin and you have a load of hack points saved up so you can still boost your assassin.Graphics and the overall feel of the environments etc is amazingly good. The map is huge but each section gives off different vibes and atmospheres while walking though the streets. The rooftops pretty much are the same anywhere unless you come across a land mark but the perpective view is incredible.I still say people should play this game. Ubisoft may have made a booboo from undertesting this product on different systems but PC gaming will fade away with these titles if people can't get their systems to work properly or just slag off every game which has a glitch. there are so many variables in PC machines that I can totally see why game companies would rather write for consoles with consistent hardware and OS. PC gaming for me is mostly about tweaking things to get games looking their best and playing right. I rarely finish playing games these days as I enjoy the look and feel, I tweak my system settings to get it running sweet, then I am satisfied.If you don't want to tweak and tinker or possibly upgrade your PC once you hit a limit you know is hardware related then don't game on a PC. If you just want to play games a console is a better choice and the consoles are looking pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥hot these days. I got a PS$ myself purely to play games I can't get on PC which happens but then i do tend to play the game more and not worry about the tweaking side of things, but as I said for me, the tweaking is part of the fun. ...Anyway I say buy this game, tweak your PC and enjoy it."
76561198109898413,Recommended,289650,12994411,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,#Jersey_Simon,"I have played this game in 4 hours, and it is so fun!!! but my game kicks my out all the time!!! :-/ and I Don´t know what i should do???"
76561198051005658,Recommended,289650,12938845,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,[RG] Jäger[Captain],I mast say I pre ordered AC Unity and it was realised 2 leaher in my countri I was ♥♥♥♥ing scared when I saw the review bicose 60e is lot of money but they had lot of updates bifore I was able to play and I must say bisade so minor glitchs I am wery happy with the game worth every cant I bought it with :))
,Recommended,289650,12981310,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Invaospi,"I understand that a lot of people are having issues with this game... so I guess I'm one of the lucky ones. Yes, the game has several performances issues, but I haven't encountered any real bugs and the game runs on my system between 50-70 fps at 1440p with everything and maxed out, except for AA which is set at MSAA x 2. Here are my system specs for comparison:i7 5960x @3.5 ghz16gb DDR4GTX 780 SLIThe game is running on an SSD.The graphics are absolutely stunning... seriously. This is the first game I have played where I am still in awe of the graphics (especially the lighting effects) many hours (I think I'm at about 21 hours at this point) after starting the game. I usually have a ""honey-moon phase"" with game graphics where I'll take my time at first to just enjoy the effects but then quickly ignore them and concentrate on finishing the game - not with this one! The level of detail is just insane!! :)Gameplay-wise this is definitely the best Assassin's Creed yet (though I do miss the pirate ships!)! The overhauled controls are much better, as is the combat system. I find the story to be great and much more entertaining than past AC games. I you are a fan of the AC series or you haven't played the game since AC3, please give this one a chance!If you have the system (and luck) to run it, definitely give this game a shot. You (probably) won't regret it!"
,Recommended,289650,12938445,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,LoliSenpai,"If you like having all sense of enjoyment and hype stripped away from you like the floor underneath your feet when you play this game for more than 5 seconds, Then buy this game, but if not your jaw will drop faster than your frames, after you realize you spent 75 dollars on a game not even optimized enough for chimps to enjoy it."
,Recommended,289650,12978781,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,"Smokin' Joe ""Diamond Fist"" Biden","It seems like most people dislike this game, but I think it's very good. The Assassin's Creed games mean a lot to me as I started playing the first game in an important time in my life. Playing any of these games reminds me of very meaningful memories. That said, I don't only enjoy this game because it has the words ""Assassin's Creed"" stuck in the title. This game is very fun. Sure there are some bugs and glitches, but that happens with plenty of popular games. This one has only been out for a week and there have been and will be fixes. Just think of Skyrim and how many weird glitches there still are in that game. I still find myself falling through the ground for no reason in that game. The city of revolutionary Paris is amazing in this game and being able to run around and climb up some of the most notable buildings is great. It's refreshing to be back in a larger city in this game and interact with so many NPCs. I've got a 2013 iMac that I play this game on and don't have any complaints with performance. Granted, I find games to run well if they run over 30 frames per second and I know many people need to see more than 60 FPS. I don't find myself dipping below 30 FPS hardly at all. I've crashed only once and haven't seen any game breaking bugs or glitches. I honestly think this is a great game and can take a very long time to finish as long as you don't use the fast travel system. But I find it much more enjoyable to get to where I need to be while seeing all the sites around Paris. I love this game and I recommend it to anyone."
76561198122685552,Recommended,289650,12937809,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,♔ Ai9hT. ツ CS.MONEY,"Love the game so far :),,Only need to be update fast :("
,Recommended,289650,12932354,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Obi Wan Kenobi,"If it weren't for the bugs and glitches and the fact that it crashes everytime I open my save file up, it would be an awesome game. Ubisoft plz fix it quick and let rogue have a good pc port"
,Recommended,289650,13978042,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Chilipepper,kek. 11/2
76561198071178674,Recommended,289650,12935452,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,DenPUSHkin,"Народ,игра хорошая.Да оптимизация не очень,но сама игра мне понравилась.И все эти систеимные требования это лож.У меня пк не проходит и по минималкам,но это не мешает мне игарть,хоть на низких(там все равно графон хорош)но вполне играбельно.Не понимаю тех людей которые засрали эту игру только из за оптимизации"
,Recommended,289650,12942984,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Geezer Bandit,"So I know what will come from me writing this review, but I feel I need to write it.  My computer isn't amazing, and honestly it doesn't even meet the minimum requirements.  I have an i7 -3630QM 2.4GHz, 8gb ram, Nvidia GTX 670mx.Review of Crashes:  I've only crashed in the game once.  The first time I launched the game I got the ""ACU.EXE has stopped working"" error.  I looked it up online, and used the known bug fixes tip and I haven't crashed since.  With my low end computer, I run about 40-50 fps.  I reduced my resolution from 1920x1080 to 1600x900.  With that resolution, I can keep the graphics on high without the frame rate dropping.  I don't notice much of a difference, but the gameplay is much better.Review of Gameplay:  No spoiler alert needed.  It's pretty straight forward -- Same story as normal.  The Co-op is pretty fun.  I have found it's better with friends, but it's still pretty easy with random pubs.TL,DR:If you need the game on Ultra, High Resolution, and 60+ fps be prepared to have an expensive computer, and know your PC work arounds.  The game isn't perfect as I have found 2 bugs so far, but no where near the ""totally broken on release"" reviews I've ready prior to this.  If you have any concerns, you can always wait until the next steam sale."
76561198131138268,Recommended,289650,12940076,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,sashadkiselev,"I dont know why everybody hates this game so much. It is a great game. My laptop (newst macbook pro, bootcamp into windows) runs this game at a decent framerate on lowish setting(I did overcloack my GPU). To be fair there are some control issues for example entering and exiting windows but the depth of customazation, side missions, skills and the environment is great. Missions are much more open ended now allowing for great approaches with all different play styles."
76561198088414309,Recommended,289650,12942437,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,mad pig,I once had trouble with the game now its working 100% fine for meI <3 ubisoft
76561198078888459,Not Recommended,289650,27610122,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HOTHEAD,my pc can not play ;c
76561198001987944,Recommended,289650,12942635,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Yaddac,"I spent a few days reading up on this and see the problems people are having. I bought the game.Installed the new Drivers.Im using an old i7, an 870 at 2.93, which is usualy running at around 3.4 ghz because of it's turbo boost feature (the old ones did this.) Im also using an Nvidia gtx 660ti. To translate im running at around half the power of a guy with an i7 3770k and a 780ti. I set up my own resolution, manualy at 1216x760 to fit my aspect, which is about the same pixels as 720p. Shadows are always an issue so i started low. Ultra texture. High environment. HBAO. Low shadows. MSAAx2. Bloom on. I set up my own resolution because it removes the upconversion and blur, so its sharp. You need to do this otherwise there is no acceptable resolution other than native resolution. No, selecting a lower resolution than your monitor in the game settings is not acceptable without first creating a custom resolution, then afterward selecting it in the options within the game. The game itself is running my cpu at around 50% and im getting well above 40 frames running around. I don't feel any strain on my system at all, especialy on the graphics card. Understand that the PS4 is  powerful in the graphics department , reguardless of what people tell you. But its cpu is having issues with this game, which translates perfectly to my specs, because i have a more powerful cpu when it comes too crunching things like numbers. Other than shadows and resolution, my old a** machine is eating this game alive. Im sorry but the game is not demanding. Im running in low res, and will most likely max everything else out, I have to be realistic, I do not have a gtx 980. In over 30 years of gaming, I can tell you in my opinion, this game does not have problems in it's power requirement category. Some of the problems people are having is stemming from this whole 1080p 60 frames thing, and the general ignorance of the younger folk out there who have had these powerhouse systems handed to them. Some of you are no different than those un informed early adopters to HDTV back in the day, spouting off numbers they heard in an article to irritate the sales people (Yes theres is a huge difference between 30 and 60 frames but most have absolutely no clue at how exponentialy challenging it can be to get it sometimes and quite frankly you dont want to pay for it soooo... yeahs shut your d*** mouth.) But there is a problem with how the game is handling itself, and it results on hard stops and stutters which is major annoying. If you have an NIVIDIA card for f***s sakes turn off SHADER CACHE, that thing they added for Watchdogs which didint help anything. And yes I ran watchdogs fine, again, identifying the issues rather than just sliding it to max because I spent 3000 usd on a pc (my piece of crap pc is more like what, 500?), then having a complete fit when it didint run, just like a little child. There were issues in watchdogs which feel similar to Unity. You may laugh at me, but a good 30% of the problems people were havnig in watchdogs came from obsessive tweaking of the graphics options without a restart (You experts out there who know everything about a game engine, and are closet computer programmers ofc, decided to in a manner of speaking toss it over a cliff and expect it to work just fine afterwards, REALY? You dont know jack sir). Watchdogs, for me, had serious problems with ultra shadows in particular, which I had to identify for myself, then adjust accordingly, and it had nothing to do with the graphics power requirement. Anyhow, yes ACU has some issues which have nothing to do with its requirement for raw horsepower for pc. On PS4 it has those same issues, with the added bonus of a pretty mediocre cpu compared to a PC. I see alot of negative reviews from people, and based on what i see right in front of me, some of these people are lying. They are angry because they take videogames too seriously, yet their machines arent taken care of, and their expectations are based on numbers rather than reality, and quite frankly they do not have the patience. No ACU doesn't require anything special, based on what im using this is a fact. However not even the most powerful system can fix it sometimes, although sometimes, the most powerful system does, which doesnt make it ok. It has some issues that makes the reality of playing it on certain settings, with some machines, not worth upgrading, or changing for, so my advice is get a PS4, or learn how to adjust your pc, and get the best visuals you can based on your eye and not the 4 words low,med,high,ultra. The game has issues though, understand this. Anyhow its fun and perty.-EDIT-I spent some more time fiddling. Cpu is fine, but 2gb vram is not enough for ultra textures at any resolution. Setting textures to high eliminates stuttering while running around the town. You will stutter with 2gb of vram and ultra textures, no way around that (you cannot save enough vram at 720p, and everything low). Its partly how the ubisoft titles work, and partly because 2gb video ram is not next gen and in case everyone hasnt noticed, before the new console launch textures were pure garbage in most titles (Next gen titles arent about just  polygons as much as propper art style). Anyhow I can run the game maximum, save high textures, msaax2, and being careful with shadows, at 1680x1050 and the game is playable with HBAO on. However it will drop below 30 frames , so setting vsync at half refresh rate makes it feel pretty steady. I can get more than 30, but... yes vsync. 900p I think it plays quite well, so make a custom 900p (CVT reduced blank, do not manualy set timings, in fact if your worried, dont even bother messing with it)resolution in your nvidia card panel and you wont need 1080p anymore and will save some power for other things. I personaly decided to lower it to a 720p resolution (1216x760 for me) and max the whole d*mn game out with msaa and ""high"" textures"" and its buttery smooth and fun... excpet... those hard stops, for example sometimes when combat starts it freezes for a second, In which case if I cared, I would turn off vsync, aa, and turn textures down. So, this is the reality of playing on a 500$ pc. I can run the game maximum (Which keep in mind includes soft shadows and HBAO which dramaticly makes it look better than ps4) with txaa on at say 900p and actualy play it, which i did, but not quite enough boost in visuals vs frames for my taste at all times  and ofc max texutures is too high for my vram anyhow. If I wanted 60 fps I could get close to a 60 fps feel (45-50 frames) but 30 frames feels ok to me for single player stuff. The game isnt unoptimized in the power department, sorry. My old pc doesnt even have the right to play this game better than a ps4, and on top of that have the nerve to switch on special graphics options that other people playing the game don't get to have. The game does on the other hand have problems that break it. So again I would reccomend this to people who want to play it on their average machines, granted they know how to identify what is going wrong with their system and the software. Otherwise you need to buy a ps4. As far as weather or not we should be mad at Ubisoft, thats not the point here, the point is weather or not you should buy the game because you KNOW you want to. Again im using an i7 870 at 2.9ghz (3.6 turbo which i can confirm is running in turbo, and not just by the fan whining) Or an ""old"" i7. 8gb ram. 660ti 2gb gpu. Windows 7. Playing at whatever settings I desire save ""high"" textures and 900p'ish resolution. I still get some hard stops. There are some bugs. The gameplay can be harmed by the problems the game is having, but if your like me, and just laugh at things like that... Dont buy this if you didin't grow up playing buggy games on underpowered systems, your too spoiled."
,Recommended,289650,12936016,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Appear,"A great game no doubt. As all the other games, it has an intruiging story and exciting missions. If it were not for lots of bugs, crashes and framerate drops this game would have been absolutely amazing! The climbing/running is also more advanced now and if you master it you will get a more fluid movement and jumping. I really like that!Pros:* Exciting story* Rewards you for good climbing/running* Harder combat* Multiplayer* A harder AC game!Cons:* Bugs (Lots of bugs)* Game crashes now and then* Framerate dropI will recommend this to fans of the franchise. 7/10."
76561198060575670,Not Recommended,289650,23087018,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,✞Diccy ✞,"Assassins creed unity: the state of forming a complete and pleasing whole, especially in an artistic context:""the repeated phrase gives the piece unity and cohesion""Black Flag is better. ;3"
76561198021280844,Recommended,289650,12985570,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Thrakal,"just amazing, its pretty new so its some bugs and gliches somehow, either way its a great game!! :) <3"
,Recommended,289650,12941477,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,TryHarder,"Я слышал что у всех жуткие лаги и баги с игрой, но честно говоря у меня ещё вообще ни одного не было. Всё достаточно плавно и играбильно, Игра идёт на 40-60 фпс(без верт синх и с FXAA). IntelCore i5 4690K; R9 290 Tri-x."
,Recommended,289650,13979132,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ExtremeCritter,they are a fantastic game they just seem to get better and better
,Recommended,289650,12937924,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Captain SwellHell,"This is a great game - YES it was released with bugs, and perfomance issues. But that♥♥♥♥♥♥will be fixed soon and all I can say is the game looks amazing, and it's a pretty awesome storyline so far. COOP - although it isn't single player campaign coop, it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome all the same. Saving a friends♥♥♥♥♥who is about to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by guards or vice versa... is such a good feeling. I'd give it a week or so for the bad bugs to get fixed - but certainly worth picking up a copy."
,Recommended,289650,12989953,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Wally,"Best one from the past four Assassin's Creed Tittles, Highly recomed it."
,Recommended,289650,12938777,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,z0ok,best game ever!! work clear no bags..
76561198126009589,Recommended,289650,12937834,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,LightningHawkk,What is it with all these comments on people not being able to run the game. Check the minimum requirements people. The game has several bugs none of them rendering the game even close to unplayable. Sure the very few times it crashes gets annoying but the gameplay overrules that. The story has to be the best since Assassins Creed II and the co-op is a game changing addition. I have spent the last 3 days with about 60 something games in my account untouched with only playing Assassins Creed Unity. In my opinion Assassins Creed II was the best in the series but I have my doughts now.9/10 Best since Assassins Creed II
76561198082702126,Recommended,289650,12934416,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Gravesteyn,"Dispite all negative reactions on performance, this is a great game. If you have old hardware, buy new hardware.If you could play AC4 Black Flag on high/ultra settings you can play Unity. On my i3 3.3Ghz, 4Gb Ram and GTX760 Unity runs fine in high/ultra mixed settings at 1280p. Sometimes there is a little delay in the cutscenes.Combatsystem and stealth system are greatly improved. Parcour is much more fun now you can descent smoothly.Whole Paris is beautiful, very nice detail and a lot of activity. It looks like a real (living) town.If you entre one of the accessable buildings you see people at work etc. And the interiors are like people really live there.Lightning is wonderfull. Especialy in churches when the sun comes thru the colored windows.Sure there are some glitches in gameplay, i.e. sometimes hanging on a ledge and not able to get down. Then you must go up a little to go down another way. But that doesn't spoil the gameplay.So if you like the AC series, this is a must buy. If your hardware is not good enough, don't buy this game or better, buy new hardware. The game is worth it."
76561198028696622,Recommended,289650,12981584,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Twitch,"THIS GAME IS REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ENTERTAINING IF YOU CAN GET IT WORK, IT NEVER BUGGED FOR ME AFTER THE SECOND PATCH SO I RECOMMEND YOU TO GET THIS IF NOT L8R WHEN THE GAME IS MORE STABLE."
76561197988333370,Recommended,289650,12943356,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,elterrible,"The only problem I've had is that FRAPS is how people are measuring their frame rates and it isn't a very good thing if it breaks the game itself.I'm sorry, I know many are having issues but, the Graphics are awesome! Yes there's a few hints of screen tare here and there but, overall... I'm running this game in Ultra-high everything 1080P and I'm not having slow downs at all!My system specs areIntel Core i5-3570KSapphire Tri-X OC R9-290 4 Gig16 Gigs of RAMThe Whole System cost me about $900 to build and I don't consider that ultra highend.Oh and I'm on Windows 8.1 but, I don't know how much that matters.No Overclocking, No Liquid Cooling, just a straight up build.I upgraded my drivers to the AMD Optimized drivers for this game (Which are the Beta drivers) before installing it but, overall it runs awesome!So, don't believe the hype, yes some people are likely having issues but, I can say it isn't everyone as my system runs this game great!Oh and it is running heads and tails better than the PS4 or XO that's for sure!One more note, While the game runs great on my machine... I found that enabling FRAPS made the graphics go crazy and as soon as I turned FRAPS off, everything went back to being beautiful again."
76561198081998268,Recommended,289650,13978989,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Incredible the Hulk,"Don't listen to all those other people they just aren't patient enough to wait for the patches.This is by far one of the best games I have ever played and I have played a lot of games.The fps drops every once and a while but I don't  really care the game is amazing regardless.You can go with all the nay sayers and not by this game, but you would be missing out big time.If your computers good and you have nvidia geforce, you got to get this game.You can kill people with more weapons than you can imagine.The story is amazing! people say this game was bad, I can't imagine why.I pre ordered this 3 hours before it came out and it was worth every penny.If there was a time to buy this game it would be now, because now they fixed a lot of the glitches and problems.  Multiplayer works amazingly and I never get bored.Buy this game, you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,289650,12983119,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Holy Jinji,i know that the game crush and have bugs all the games have but they have been fixed i love the gamebut i cant play with my friends and i really wait for itand i really want ubisoft start take care of the co op and multiplayer
,Recommended,289650,12924551,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Crypta,one of the best games i have played in a long time i have fallen inlove with the 5 hours that i have played
76561198125878042,Recommended,289650,12960225,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dog Sucker,Shakira is way better! thats all im saying
76561198061892304,Recommended,289650,12958791,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,<Chief Haden> Jethro,i like it alot
,Recommended,289650,12952193,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,TeddyBear,"Realy good game a bit lagy and chopy here and there, but I just turned down the settings a little and it worked fine."
76561198043922207,Recommended,289650,12947665,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ZyNech,"I really like this game, even though there might be some technical problems. Personally I haven't experienced any problems. Im having alot of fun with this game so far."
76561198137749707,Recommended,289650,35232029,Posted: 26 September,all,M1n3cr4f1s14y3r,Bring a friend or else you die or you suck yeah just bring a friend
,Recommended,289650,12973688,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Little Scottish Plum,"To begin, here's my syestem specs:i7-4710HQNVIDIA Gforce GTX 860M 4GB Memory16GB DDR3 RAMSo, clearly this game has gotten quite a bit of negative press from fans and professional reviewers. I for one, have played for over 30 hours at the time of this review, and I honestly haven't experienced a single one of the reported issues.  The city looks beautiful and the game mechanics have been (generally) improved from previous iterations of the series.This being said, the game is very hardware intensive. It takes a pretty powerful system to be able to rock this thing on ""ultra"" graphics. I personally believe, (but cannot confirm) that many of the issues that people are experiencing are for this exact reason. If you are unsure as to whether your machine can run the game without any issues, then it probably can't. I guess Ubi capped the FPS at 30, which caused a sort of♥♥♥♥♥♥storm amongst the community, but I haven't really noticed or cared. I haven't had any frame rate dips on my computer, and the visuals look great to me, so /shrug. Oh! Also, the game download is a staggering 55GB, so if you have limited hard drive space, keep that in mind.The story is engaging as ever. It does seem a bit rinse and repeat to an extent, but I've enjoyed it thus far. They said that the player character would be less ""godly"" but the combat is very much the same from the previous games, and once the best gear is unlocked, it is quite difficult to die. Speaking of, I enjoyed the ability to customize your character. It adds a bit of personality to how you prefer to play the game.The ability to free-run down a building is a welcome addition. The NPC's feel much more alive, and they are frequently seen doing any number of activities as you're walking through the streets. The buildings are well designed, and you can travel through many of them, so there are naturally more ways to get from point A to point B. The map is very, very large, and as far as mechanics go, I would say that this is the best AC game to date.I haven't played any co-op missions with anyone yet, but I have solo'd a few in private and they seem to be pretty good.All in all, is it a must have in your collection? No. Is it the best AC game that I've played? No, comprehensive consideration causes me to give that award to Black Flag. Is the game woth picking up if you are a major fan and you have a rig that can run it? In my honest opinion, absolutely! It's been quite a bit of fun and I'm glad that I purchased it."
,Recommended,289650,12946322,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Cheezus,"Brilliant GameplayAmazing Graphics & Immersive cityThe only negative I'd have to say is the story, the story was a real let down and unmotivating. Still a brilliant and fun game, I'd recommend this game to anyone whos pc rig could handle it."
76561198061037347,Recommended,289650,13977682,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,[B]BJ²,สนุกดี สเปคน้อยอย่าซื้อเลยสงสาร ฮ่าๆ
,Recommended,289650,13979560,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,大声ダイヤモンド,TRY IT !!! :D
76561198170426417,Recommended,289650,23806559,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SovietZhukov,"Bought this a while back. Didn't look at the requirements so of course, I couldn't run it. But I have seen videos of it on YouTube and in my opinion, it looks great. Definitely my favorite, even though I never played it.9/10"
76561198006422970,Recommended,289650,12944355,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,timmyman,works just fine... i'm sorry i have a fairly capable computer.  havent tryed coop yet but everything is working  so far.bought the game despite the rewiews.  This game truly is a next gen experience - if you have the rig go for it!
76561198070945653,Recommended,289650,13976599,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ashagon,"I know there are talks about ""this game sucks because it's fps is always dropping!"" or ""too many bugs!"" but honestly I've played more and more now, and overall it's a pretty good game. There are a lot of contents which makes it fun to play and the story is kinda like Assassin's Creed 2 lol.But if anything... if you're the type of person that could adapt to fps drops and admire what the game has to give then I would recommend this to you."
76561197991682745,Recommended,289650,12980923,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Defender13,A wonderful game and a must have for all assassin's creed fans
,Recommended,289650,12944870,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Panter485®,"So i've played roughly 9 hours of the game, the first 2 hours I didn't fiddle enough with the setting and look for fixes. BUT We shouldn't have to do that, I only got a 660 but I can get out 50 fps average while playing the game now that I fiddled with the settings and such. Most of the people whining about the game don't have the recommended gear. But i've seen many that have 970 and 980 having frame rate issues.The game itself is AMAZING the story is good so far haven't tried the co op yet. But the Freerunning and parkour is so smooth and the combat is amazing so far. I really hope Ubisoft fixes these problems because they're just getting bad rep right now for no good reason IMO. I love the AC series and i've played all the games from beginning to end I even played AC 3 with lag just to finish the damn thing. It's sad that they let this happen because they're a good company and make great games. I just hope they see this game and watchdogs and look back not saying they will because so many people bought the two games because of hype. But many of the people complaining can just eat sh-it. Wait for reviews before you buy a game if you're worried don't go trash talking UBISOFT if you can't play the game you bought it before waiting for people to see if the game works and such. So my final rating so far would be 8/10."
,Recommended,289650,12982466,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,C4Gamer,"Well I Gave This Game A Bad Review just Now But I Fixed A Bug That Was Annoying Me , This Game is Fun but the bugs and Glitches still i like this game but i recommend anyone that wants to try this don't not til they fix everything i give this game 5.5/10  (I Released A Video On How To Fix The Sequence 7 Memory 3 Bug)"
76561198079644796,Recommended,289650,12949441,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,✪ Themjem,"Very good game, its just laggy! ""Why is it laggy?"" You may ask, it seems to be shadows and the execive hair and cloths flapping around, for those whom don't have very good pc's I wouldn't get this game till it has resolved some... Fps issues example: Being able to deactivate shadows, it might make the game look worse but to save people's pc's.  I would make this a option. Also to deactivate the hair and cloths flapping. But for an assassin's creed game, its 9/10!"
,Recommended,289650,12944796,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Donny,"It is a beautiful game, the fighting feels dark and gory and the story is very cool. There are some core features which are very important which are missing (e.g whistling, meat shields) and it can make the game awkward to play at times.Despite these things there is a massive downfall to the game right now and that is optimisation. Now obviously in the near future all these problems should/will have been fixed. But for the meantime I suggest you don't buy the game unless you PC is a beast.Overall I do believe this game is very good with just some flaws and it can sometimes get a wee bit boring but I would definitely suggest this game for anyone with a bulk build as it will most definitely be needed for this beautifully designed game. I do recommend this game, but I must say that I don't recommend this game to anyone inferior PC players and this current time is not a good time while they are still fixing things."
,Recommended,289650,12937497,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,AnonCanon,"I felt like I should write a review based on the huge amount of negative feedback that this release is receiving.I saw all the reviews before purchasing the game, was very hesitant. but decided to anyway, expecting nothing but problems, slow frame rates, falling through floors, and a generally unplayable game.However, I did experience a drop in frame rate when it first loaded as it auto detected that I wanted to run at 3840 x 2160, once I changed this to 2560 x 1440 and left all the other settings alone, it runs awesome, better than Black Flag which would stutter every so often, thats irritating when you are trying to fight.The only issue that I have really had, was about 6 hours in, I managed to get stuck between a fence and a bush, was easily solved by fast travelling to a nearby point.Now I have the app on my tablet, the map appears to update faster than Black Flag and is a nice addition, what isnt nice or expected is that there are in game purchases available, really? after paying $99 for a game you want me to shell out more to unlock things in my tablet? least as far as I can tell they are not manditory and you can play without."
76561198131519050,Recommended,289650,12957027,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,RamenBean,"It alarms me how many people are bashing on this game, I can only assume they haven't updated their drivers or play on a average computer. That or they haven't experienced the game itself.  I myself have had issues on day one, frame rate issuses, bugs, game crashing, etc.The game is amazing, a living breathing world where you can walk down the streets of France and a fight will break out, or a group of people circling in on one person. Where you can see a thief running away with a woman's purse. It's spectacular to see this world do it's thing.Navigation is very fluid, very easy to get used to for newcomers into the Assassin's Creed series. The combat is satisfying to deliver the killing blow to that one guard that seems to never go down. There are different enemy types, each with their own ways to be taken down, fight a group of 4+ guards you're probably going to have a tough time defeating them all. I myself try to get away if I know I'll most likely die.Co-op is one of the features i was most excited about, I recently learned you can free roam the world with up to four buddies, which is something i had wished for when they first introduced multiplayer in Brotherhood. I felt unreal playing a co-op mission for the first time, and badass at that. Being paired up with random people is very enjoyable, just seeing each other take different routes to the objective and preforming different tasks to complete it. It just amazes me every time. Also seeing them air assassinate a guard that's going to kill you is just incredable. I wish i could put into words how my co-op experiences were. I can only say you have to play it for yourself.Overall it's a fantastic game, taking in all the faults in this game, i have a love for it. The story is interesting, but only a few missions made me want to continue the story. It'd find myself playing a co-op mission in between every few story missions. Not that that's a bad thing but I like to get hooked on the main story of the game. It hurt to see all the negative reviews this game got on day one, so I felt i needed to write a review for it."
,Recommended,289650,12956947,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Redwulf,"I see all these ""not recommenced"" reviews of this game based purely on weather they can run it or not (maybe you should read the Recommended System Requirements), if you don't have that, don't set it on high graphics. -.-as for the bug, just a matter of time before they fix that.This game it far from bad, it harder than before but not so much so that you wanna rage quit, you can't really kill 100 guards just for sport like in the other where guards just stared at you while you killed them.there is also some problem with sticking to walls, but thats not so much the games fault at its just uncommon controls.other than that, the game is fun, well made and have alot of interesting mechanics."
,Recommended,289650,12935754,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Requiem,"Walked in the city and saw a floating basket of cockades 10/10Ok seriously?My Girlfriend who plays this, does have the occasional CTD's and strange glitches where after a jump, her character just sticks in the air.Some issues we had while in coop, that I can't get her in my game unless i take a mission (multiplay is not only about the heist and other missions, you can just roam arround doing nothing then screwing arround killing thugs etc)But i just join her game, that works, seems it has to do more with my ISP.Now my machine runs a wooping 32 GB memory, and I run a Geforce GTX 680,  but even with this beast of a machine I got, still some in game framerate of the movies kinda stutter a bit but not as much to it becoming an eyesore,  and hey you can skip the story line blah blah and just brainlesly kill stuff :)Yeah you will find strange things like NPC's moonwalking, strange animations,  but that's what making this game even more fun, the weird stuff like for no reason floating baskets of cockades (those are some sort of french round emblems with the colors of the french flag in them)  just floating in mid air (see my public screenshots)I like this game and we are having fun with it, despite the occasional CTD my Girlfriend has, I personally have not crashed once with this game.  Then again im running 32GB mem and not everybody has a pc with that or more ammount of memory.I would say, its a nice game, has it nasty stuff, but ubisoft will eventually pacth them up.Mini transactions and other media:Ok there are more games involved in this, Inititates which is a website based game that weaves itself into this game, if you do stuff in inititiates and get points it enables you to open inititate chests in the game, same goes for chest you can only open after playing a mobile app game.The mini transaction is not PAY to WIN,  as you can get the same items while playing and gaining the ingame currency.  Its just a quicker way to get the best gear.ok so yeah pay to win, when this game is still new and those who spend money will have an adventage, but eventually players who dont pay to get helix points (which are spend to ' hack' and get an upgrade on an item) will catch up.You can join clubs in the game, or make your own club, later on clubs can compete with eachother for  honor or rank i guess, i dont really care about competing, but me and my GF made our own 2 man club cause we are a team and she in my player 2 :)This game, yeah we have fun , and that is what counts, doubt about the game cause of all the bad reviews? its simple, just dont buy and wait till its cheaper , then buy, or  ask it as a gift and who knows someone might buy it for you, ask santa ? :)ok going back in, playing this game not even doing missions but just me and my girl runnign arround killing♥♥♥♥♥♥is 10/10  :)"
11111222223333444,Not Recommended,289650,19285031,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Duke,"Thank you Steam refunds for saving me from this pile of sh!t.Never before have I fired puke out of my face with such anger and disgust, as what this game caused me."
76561197996239858,Recommended,289650,12948706,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Gray,"Game requires a lot. About the only thing kind of negative well except some air free running and such minior things. Co-op is possible slightly out in game, lots of fun so far. Don't understand what is up with all the neagtive reponse this game has."
,Recommended,289650,12958074,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,白无常,"English:For this game, if you do  not pay too much attention on the opitmize, you will have an amzing experence. Huge and vivid city is the advantage. This game is much better than AC4 or AC3. My frends and i enjoy this game so much that we have spent  more than 4 hours a day.However, the game requires high-rank computer to play it if you want enjoy the game. Form my laptop and desktop testing, an 680M or better is the min requirment and an gtx660 for destop but only for 900P.For those who does not like the game, i had to say getting a better PC is more important to complain about the game here. Ubisoft had already told you that the min requiement is 680 with core i5 2500k! it looks like someone buy the medicine for children and complian about the useless of medicine. In on world, before you buy the game, check your pc spece for not regretting paying the money.中文：抛开优化，这一款不一定是最好的AC游戏，却是最有乐趣的一款AC游戏。无论是NPC的AI素质还是任务的多样性，甚至到任务的完成方式，前所未有的丰富。给我们展现的完全是一个立体多样真实的游戏。当然，优化问题还是要谈一谈，首先这款游戏高达40多GB的容量就已经告诉你他的要求不会低，在我的测试下，笔记本680M或者台式机660以上可以在900P下完美运行。事实上在你们购买游戏的时候已经被告知了需要680才能爽玩的时候，有没有考虑过退货？育碧没有逼着你买？这就像说你买了一款儿童的药物，却抱怨这药吃了没用一样。主机怎么样我不知道，我只知道我玩了近17个小时没有遇到很严重的bug。当然我也不是说优化就没问题，相反问题很严重，前几天的服务器崩溃，让我错过了不少U点。但是我还是一句话，尊重别人的劳动果实，在喷这个产品之前先看看这个产品适合我吗？如果根本不适合，买下来觉得不好能怪谁呢？"
,Recommended,289650,12946681,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Time Fire,"(Performance Review)So, just to start off with, I have a BELOW minimum requirements PC:GPU: GeForce GT640CPU: i5-3330 @ 3.0GHzMemory: 8,00 GB RAMAfter a few minutes of tweaking for the first time of running this game I find it amazing looking even with all the graphic options at ""Low"". With the new patch the cinematics run great and the whole game is what I call pretty playable. As for now, no overheating, the proc. is usually running at 60% of the whole capacity, no crashes AT ALL and co-op is running just perfectly. Not to mention I did get the latest NVIDIA drivers which got some specific stuff for AC: Unity to run a bit better and I'm glad to say it did work.So, you got a few options here. If you have a minumim spec. computer you'll sure be able to run this game without lots of issues. Yes, I'm not playing at 120FPS or something and I'm not playing with maximum settings (I mean, is that really necessary for a game?) but hell I'm happy my low setup is able to run a decent playable version without issues compared to the ""High-End setups"" that keep crashing all the time.If you want to have fun with a great game and you got a decent setup, get it. If you don't have at least a decent video card, you are probably going to struggle a bit. Like I just exposed, mine is nothing above minimum specs. and still can play without any sort of issue at all.If you are only looking for the graphics and FPS and you don't have a decent/maximum setup, don't get it. You'll regret it."
,Recommended,289650,12933571,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Greed,"Assassin's Creed Unity is a game that would be more enjoyable, with a few tweaks and fixes.I've managed to stack about 32 hours into this game now, and have tried a bit of everything; the campaign is finished, and I have put time into the side content as well. From the experience I've had so far, I believe that the game isn't too bad. The story and the characters were pretty decent overall. I enjoyed Arno and Elise, and the wry humour in the interactions between the two. The story fleshes out fairly similar to the rest of the Assassin's Creed games, acting about in a tested formula that allows for a satisfactory experience. The problem, however, lies within game mechanics, performance, and lack of access to content. These issues combined may drain some enjoyment out of your game time.First of all, the game mechanics. This will be mainly focused on character control, as most of the issues lie here. In terms of combat, I believe the movement is quite fluid. It has built over the previous combat system, and ensures that you will avoid biting off more than you can chew in a fight, unless you have a death wish. Too many enemies will leave you overwhelmed, putting you in a tough situation very quickly. Actual exploration-style movement, however, is a great hindrance when playing. The animations themselves roll nicely, but when it comes to trying to move Arno in the direction you wish, he just doesn't seem to want to listen. He will stumble off in another direction, or fail to climb something you have just moved towards. Climbing through windows will take you more than a few times before actually going through the window. Trying to jump over an object near the edge of a roof will have you falling to your death after an unexpected and unwarranted leap over the edge. All in all, Unity has a very clunky movement system, and as a result, gameplay can sometimes be frustrating.Secondly, the game's performance. From what I have read in the other reviews, performance is appalling, making the game unplayable for many. I have fortunately not had issues of the severity that the majority of the reviewers here seem to be reporting. However, I have had to deal with light to moderate FPS lag/stuttering. However, even a small amount of stuttering can completely hinder you in-game for many activities. Lockpicking, and trying to land the cursor inside of the small rectangle to open the lock is nearly impossible, with the unpredicable stuttering. Combat will be especially awful, causing parrying to often miss completely. I've had one application hang, which seemed to be of no apparent reason. Even after the driver updates for our video cards, it appears that there is some work to do on Ubisoft's part.Lastly, the lack of access to all content. Although I use this app myself, the Unity Companion ultimately proves to be fairly irritating. Getting through the ""missions"" (better to be called chores) require having units be stationed at jobs for what can be many hours before the next. Even after beating the campaign, I have not finished the first set of missions yet. Another frustation is the fact that most of the Legendary end-game content is locked to Club Competitions. Now, the game itself is playable without this content, but for a completionist such as myself, not being able to get this content through my efforts alone make trying to completely finish the game an annoying task. I want to have the best gear, but I don't want to have to rely on forming or joining a club to make that happen.The game itself isn't entirely bad. I enjoyed playing the campaign, and the Co-op missions were pretty fun. Honestly, I can still recommend it. I'll probably keep playing the game, and work on finishing the game 100%. What Ubisoft needs to do is to work on releasing some patches and fixes to keep this game from becoming any more frustrating. The game-breaking problems need to be addressed as soon as possible, and I personally think that making multiplayer optional would take off some of the frustation as well. In conlusion, enjoyable game, just needs to have it's problems addressed.7/10As a side note, the state in which this game was released causes me to worry about the other upcoming releases, and if they'll actually be finished to an acceptable degree."
,Recommended,289650,12956550,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,RowdyBrow,"Ok well its not fair to judge a game based on release bugs, every game has got them. Newsflash nothing will ever be perfect!! All those things can be fixed with in time. This is personaly one of my favorite AC games other then brotherhood."
76561198028795107,Recommended,289650,12956377,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dr.Fiskur,"Unlike some people, i can run this game. the game is actually really fun and co-op makes it even better. i think i can free roam with a friend, but i havent checked yet. combat has a fun difficulty and if you want to be stealthy you kind of have to work for it.the CONS: are that npcs' can glitch a little, even in cutscenes. and that the game needs alot of power to run. i have a really good cpu which is brand new an all that. but the game uses 98% of it.Tl;dr good game. people are butthurt. need a strong computer to run."
,Recommended,289650,12952133,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,m21rifle,"The Bugs are horrible and the low frams are not fun, but over all with playing the game its fun. Its cool what Ubisoft did witht he new climbing moves, I do enjoy it when my frams are and fine and dont run into a bug, but to me the game is not worht $ 60 on where it stands at the moment. I do recomend it only for the gameplay (without any bugs or low frams)."
76561198019085200,Recommended,289650,12945623,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Jagermanjenson,"I rate this as a yes for the sole reason that as a game, it is magnificent. I adore the assassins creed series and seem to be the minority is believing that while inivation is nice, allow me to purchase the old.The game as a game in my opion is great. The new stealth mecanic is fun to play with, the combat is much harder in my opinion but that might be due to the fact that because my computers frame rate with this game is so slow that you can miss being attacked from behind entirly.The Frames per second is awful but I have the deffinition of an outdated gameing computer. The fact that I can make it load makes me proud of the old girl with only a amd hd 6670 video card. In time I hope Ubisoft patchs some better opimization but It might not even help me. Now that being said, I can run anything preivous up to snuff without any frame rate disasters like Unity. The frame rate if your computers like mine can be large problem if in a (kind of spoilers but not realy) cutscene button mashing portion when fighting an indiviual is near imposible due to the frame rate and lag.Some advise for lower end computer owners. Do not purchase this game for another 6 months to a year. wait for the price to drop and the patchs to come in befor a purchase.ending vote.9/10 for game play and good story (Arno isn't as bland as Connor or as greedy as the pirate. Kind of ezio like, in france... with an english accent... who was raised in france... whatever)5/10 for playablity. (I want to keep playing but I have to take breaks because of how frustrating the game speed can be.)even though paris on minimum quality still looks incredable, I wish I could see it at 30 fps and not 10 to 20(I appligise for the unperfesional and randomness of the reveiw if you can call it that)Rate for 11/14/14 - 7/10 really fun if one has a super computer or is patient"
,Recommended,289650,12954733,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Safety-Broken,Great game just need a bit more polish. don't skip it if you a AC fan.
76561198045562288,Recommended,289650,12945384,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,JOHNNY GOOGATS,I stabbed someone and he died
76561198044418333,Recommended,289650,12947128,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Vaun,Would be a good game without all the performance problems.
76561198052517910,Recommended,289650,12947767,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Chronos,"I just want to begin by saying I am basing this off my ""personal"" experience and understand that plenty of people are having technical issues however I am not 1 of them.This game lacks some of the story depth of previous assassin's creeds titles but makes up for it in my opinion by the sheer scope of the game world, Paris is huge and full of collectables and side missions that can keep you occupied for quite some time.  The games new combat system seems well received by what I've seen however I personally do miss the instant death counters of previous games, but not having god mode does make you approach missions with a more stealth frame of mind then the old run and stab approach (atleast until you get better gear).  The game does lack the fun and quirky side characters of previous games however i do enjoy how smooth the main character is.  The new parkour system works a treat after you get use to it with less moments of getting stuck on a wall then previous titles.Pros- Massive and beutiful city- Lots of side quests and collectables- Plenty of item customization including being able to spec for different play styles.- Fun multiplayer co-op missions- Beutiful graphics- Improved parkourCons- Reported issues with frame rates (personally i dont have this issue)- No instant kill counters (personal preference however a lot of people like this change)- Story doesn't have the depth of previous games (still pretty fun though)- No quirky side characters (as in Leonardo from 2 or blackbeard etc from BF)- Some clipping issues etc (pretty sure they have been fxed in a patch)ConclusionIf your one of the people who really enjoyed going around ac2 collecting every little thing and doing side quests I strongly recommend this game, the game does have it's flaws however the sheer scope they aimed for is magneficent.  Even the story while worse then some previous titles is decent and i much prefer the game as a whole to say AC3 haha.7/10"
76561198102816305,Recommended,289650,12947370,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,valvysush,"Nvidia and Ubisoft just made sure you are going to buy at least a GTX7xx.This thing is brilliant with one, coupled with an SSD to cut down on loading times.i7-4770k16GBGTX78060FPSwhile twitch-streaming high quality usingShadowPlay.Make sure to apply the optimized settings coming with Gefore Experience for this game, and if your rig can run it, well, get this game."
,Recommended,289650,12958425,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Kalasm2,If you look past all the awkward hovering npcs and terrible optimization there is a great game here. Could have waitied to be released though
,Recommended,289650,12947227,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Pandax,"i love playing assassin's creed games but when i play assassin's creed unity i cannot see when i enter buildings its very hazy and sometimes i cannot see at all i actually use walkthroughs to help me in missions when i cannot see, some times i fall and seem to be under the city and i crash every few minutes i can barely play, sometimes i get stuck and cannot revive others while others cannot revive me as well, its especially hard when i cannot see anything and when i need to escape the building it took me about 8-10 minutes to get out and the fps is not good enough but still its fun if only they can fix this problems then i will have no complains"
76561198048219493,Recommended,289650,12944561,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,leprechaunsean,"The game itself is very fun and entertaining. At this point there still are some framerate issues for some people, but there are people definately working on improving them, with some evidence of that being they already released a patch for many of the issues some players experience."
,Recommended,289650,12945664,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,UNKNOWNSOLDE,i have the hardware to run this game because i bought a 970 just for this game....it dose not excuse ubisoft for the bad optomisation for !ALL! platforms.but gegarding the gameplay i love the story alot . assassins creed is my favoret franchise aside from halo and elder scrolls.the combat is good but is a little overwelming.the amount of npcs on screen is amasing and can account for alot of the low frame rate but not all.i enjoyed this game alot but i wish it ran better so more people could enjoy it to.ps ubisoft spend more time optomising your games befor you loose your fan base... there should be no game braking bugs like this if you pushed your relees date forwerd.
,Recommended,289650,12951285,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,SuitGomez,The game it self is amazing i just made a video of it and with my recording program it doesn't affect the Frame rate but the game it self does! But aside that i just get thrown into the game with like you are playing a templar and you are now gotta kill a assassin okay sure but why? And i have no idea what happened in the other games (my own fault) but aside that the game it self looks great and i can't wait for the other sequences that i am going to play and i personally reccommend it!
76561198068480331,Not Recommended,289650,23371154,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,StrinMaster,this game is incredibly diffacult and inraging i evan got so mad a broke my head phones unles you like hard games do not get this game
76561198036824129,Recommended,289650,12953760,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Johnston,"Ok, so i want to start with that I can run this game at 2560x1440p during gameplay i get anywhere from 45-65 fps at all times. Since update 2 I get 60 fps during the cutscenes. I currently have 2 gtx 780's in sli with a I7-3820 processor. My computer seems to handle this game just fine. The gameplay is awesome and there is lots to do in this open world game.If you run sli the game may stutter from time to time which I absolutely hate. So i run my one gtx 780 now and get smooth gameplay with all settings on high I get anywhere from 30-45 fps stutter free and lag free.Dont sync to their cloud my saved data became corrupt somehow and had to start over."
,Recommended,289650,12894214,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Michael2499,"Good game fine story with some pulls. Many issues need working on, worth a grab on steep sale."
76561198158430850,Recommended,289650,12979613,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,KSIUPGRADER25,"Its okay, but Ubisoft has to really fix the lag and glitches. I have been a Assassin Creed fan so please do something about it"
,Recommended,289650,12962830,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,P4nda0fFury,"My specs:Intel core i5-4670CPU @ 3.40 GHz8.0GB RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 760Performance review:I preordered this game like everyone else, but put it on hold for a couple days after reading steam reviews about the bugs and glitches that most everyone was experiencing. After Ubisoft has stated that they released a 2nd patch for PC, I decided to give it a go. ACU has the most beautiful graphics that I have ever seen on a video game. This being said with my graphics only set to high. The detail is truly incredible, and there is no doubt that this is why there were so many initial bugs and glitches.So far, I have experienced no significant performance issues. With my specs, I am able to run the game on high graphics settings with the only minor framerate drops occuring when encountering large crowds of people, at synchronizing points, or when it rains. This isn't too big of a deal to me, as this also seemed to happen in Black Flag and other AC titles and doesn't really affect gameplay at all. No characters falling through floors, floating in mid-air, or anything extreme like that.Gameplay review:I won't say too much about the main story, but let's just say Ubisoft has impressed me so far yet again with their new approach to the templar vs assassin theme in the French Revolution. I love the new parkour animations including the controlled descent ability. It really makes the character's movements feel more life-like. Don't even get me started on the customization options for Arno as far as clothes and weapons go. I have yet to try the co-op missions yet, so I am unable to comment on those. The new combat style is slightly different and more challenging than previous AC titles, but nothing that you won't be able to pick up after a few street fights. So far, I am very satisfied with ACU.From my personal experience, I have to recommend this game at this point. I will update as needed."
,Recommended,289650,12953495,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,harr1s0n,Straight garbage right now. Lots of ♥♥♥♥ing bugs.
76561198055149459,Recommended,289650,12951864,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,SaschaTricep,"i'm a real ac fan, and think stealth is really importand and finally they made it really importand, the game is not a counter attack orgy anymore.downside you need a high spec pc even if u just want to play on high with a decent fps."
76561198060614779,Recommended,289650,12946564,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,TULENY,NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,289650,12948743,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sabo,.
,Recommended,289650,12886104,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,FJheals,"Runs smooth on Ultra on a r9 290. as far as gameplay goes it just like the previous ones with added minor things.Buy it if you're an assassin's creed fan, you won't regret it."
76561198082208434,Recommended,289650,12972246,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Kaystro,"Works fine, near the end of the game only problem is Ubisofts Server right now, and I hope it will be fixed soon, other than that everything works fine. No need for all the bad mouthing stuff, as I said before except the online playing issues as usual one of the best games from Ubisoft again."
76561198075691243,Recommended,289650,12981559,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,mostafa.infj,AMAZING GAME working IN ultra high . awsome in every things with Zotac GTX 780TI
76561198163478296,Recommended,289650,12971879,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,pre3dat0r33,"my game wont launch! i get the message :preparing to launch"" but then is goes away and nothing happens! HELP ME!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,289650,12956872,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Kal-El,THIS GAME IS FREAKIN AWESOME (AFTER THEY PATCHED IT UP) I AM LITERALY ADDICTED TO IT 9/10
,Recommended,289650,12945796,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,8bitGuy,"This is one of my first review I ever write.I actually think this game is worth buying... Just not jet, why?The game itself is a beauty. The graphical aspect is amazing, every detail (from the Palais floor to the roofs) is well crafted and actually gives you the French vibe, this game is truly a Next-Gen title. The movements of the character are well done and amazingly smooth, its a pleasure to move around the city, whether its walking or parkouring. From the controlled dropouts to the way he climbs, its quite impressive the improvements made from other AC titles. The crowds and sounds mix well together to actually make you believe you're in Revolutionary France.The bad about the game is that it is ""incomplete"". There are at least a dozen bugs, altough Patch 2 fixed some of them. You will also need a High-End Pc to actually run this at max, and you will probably get 40 fraps at most. But hey! It looks freaking amazing.I rate this game positive because of the huge improvement from previous titles and how beutiful not only the graphics look, but also the smooth and addictively entertaining :)10/10 would buy... after some more patches."
76561198050619764,Recommended,289650,12933517,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,it's the nutshack,killed a hooker and looked up her skirt11/10 goty
,Recommended,289650,12972235,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,-=BwA=- Mr.TOad,"What i can say about this game is,it's terrific and horrifying at the same time.It won't be nearly as good as black flag was in my opinion..The only problem with this game is that it's very poorly optimized for the pc.Instead of releasing the game ubisoft should have waited when the game is fully finished.I still recommended because it is a big leap in the ac franchise in terms of graphic and gameplay."
,Recommended,289650,12944370,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Shmob,"AT TIME OF REVIEW15-Nov-2014most bugs are made by, unsuported GPU, or other device(ALL AMD GPUs ARE NOTE SUPPORTED, and no LAPTOP GPUs ARE SUPPORTED).CHECK IF YOUR DEVICE IS SUPPORTEDby experience, MOST CRASHES, are CPU OVERLOAD RELATED,(it takes roughly 50% of my CPU at times)IF you have the latest Nvidia driver (currently not supported by Nvidia Experience) your graphics should run, all be it not stableGET IT HEREMOST BUGS, are graphics based, and hinder nothing to gameplay.THE GAME IS PLAYABLE, and they have already released a patch to fix other worse bugs.IF YOU DONT MIND THE GRAPHICS ERRORSit is completely different from the rest of the games. AND THE GRAPHIICS ARE BEAUTIFULMy Specs:GTX 760i7-4770K16gb DDR3"
,Recommended,289650,12973657,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,jlvonvolkli,"This is indeed a game in which you play as a character and complete missions that are given to you by other various characters. These missions progress either the story, or your character. At the end of the game, after all the necessary missions have been completed, the game comes to an end, completing the story that is laid out throughout the process of the missions."
76561198046980678,Recommended,289650,12973285,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,♥Alivator♥ [BE],I just bought this game and i love it! I have the recommed pc specs and i don't have any trouble playing the game. I've seen no bugs in al the time i was playing. Don't hasitate to buy it if you have a decent computer.
,Recommended,289650,12892814,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sentick,"I agree with the performance issues, i run my game at high setting with 40-50 fps, but no matter how much i lower my settings it doesnt really helpExamples:Ultra-45 fps (average)high- 40-50medium-40-50low-40-50Im guessing this is just a mixture of numerous bugs and poor optimization, but i do highly recommend this game who has a gtx780 or higher and an i7 3770k 3.5 GHz or higher because the story line is very entertaining and very well put together. I am, at this point, a bit disappointed with the performance but i would give ubisoft a little bit of time to get their stuff together"
,Recommended,289650,13992251,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Jerry,it' s good
,Recommended,289650,12970893,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ivlmag,Best Assassin's Creed in many years. Highly recommended though perfomance issues can be sometimes rather frustrating. P.S. Playing on PC with hardware lower than minimum System Requirements. Runs great.
76561198105794968,Recommended,289650,12894285,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bobby B,"I feel very bad for the people getting all the bugs. I had a couple, before i upating my drivers and now i am playing it very enjoyably. The new parkour feels very fuid, and the combat system as well feels very nice. It has many aspects of the older games, ( obviously ) while very well managing to make itself unique. I recomend this game very well, but only if you have the recomended requirements and higher."
76561198032864831,Recommended,289650,12885562,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rhm.-B. WT,"If you have a GTX 760 or worse on your pc. Please save your money! Don't even think about it. The requirement is radiculous high !!! My computer can run Battlefield 4 on high setting. But for this one, 15 frames at most on lowest setting.You really need a super computer for this."
76561198040218852,Recommended,289650,12892716,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mikus,"Dispite the initial issues with the game preformance, this game is one of the best assassin's creed games yet. I have bearly done the first 3 missions and I already have almost 5 hours into the game just buy doing side quests. The co-op i also amazingly fun, with short wait times, an interesting story, and even assassin clans that you can customize. This game is amazing, but I would recommned getting it for the xbox one or ps4 unless you have an amazing gaming computer. Further optimization patches might change this though.Give it a go."
76561198066624060,Recommended,289650,12973812,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,XZSV,I dont see or feel anny problems with this game except some small npc bugs and abit anoying controls that dont always work as they are suposed to. The game itself is pretty fun with an ok story. way better then the 2 previous games.8/10
76561198120955945,Recommended,289650,12970203,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Joe Mama,game will not stop crashing i hane not even played becuase it keeps crashing
76561198053002854,Recommended,289650,12932841,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,BullRushNationTM,"EVERYONE QUIT YOUR ♥♥♥♥♥ING! This Game is REVOLUTIONARY haha get it...? Ok back to what i was saying, Yes this game has its ups and downs but this game is amazing. The gameplay is truely fun if you can run it. BE AWARE this game is a hard run so those of you without a half decent CPU you may stutter like the fat kid in Billy Madison. TA TA TODAY JUNIOR is the day you should buy this game is you can because if you can run it you are in for a blast.Pros:1 Stunning Graphics (Even at medium you will cry at how good it looks)2 Great Characters (Arno is very smart, Funny  and overall a very well portrayed character)3 Amazing Gameplay and map ( The map is very large and crowded but it makes the game realistic with all the AI)4 Good Strong Assassins creed storyline ( This game series has been known for always telling you well written bedtime stories)Cons:1 There are a few bugs but they will be fixed as soon as ubisoft can they are constantly working on this great game2 At first this game wants to make you want to go into that corner you love so much and cry because of the new combat system and how hard it is to kill things, but when you master the arts of being an assassin you will find yourself just roaming around being batman and trying to find some french criminals to kill.Overall i give this game a 8.5/10 thats just beacuse of the bugs but they will be fixed soon! :D :)"
,Recommended,289650,12893535,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DimeGrind,This game has been great so far. Money spent well. Thank you Ubisoft.
76561197993552273,Recommended,289650,12961468,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ItsyJam,"Amazing game. The graphics look awesome and the story is pretty good. By far the best AC so far. As for what people are complaining about bugs and errors, I've experienced barely none. The minor gittery graphics glitch on some cutscenes can be distracting, but nothing as bad as what people are posting going through walls or the floor. I bet those peoples have outdated hardware that don't meet the minimum or recommended requirements for the game and their hardware can't keep up with the complex collision detection calculations. People don't understand that for amazing graphics, you need amazing hardware to run it. The game does look amazing. I'm running on High settings and getting 40-60 FPS."
,Recommended,289650,12975270,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Morky,"When the game runs with 40 FPS and above, the game is excellent. Too bad that this is a rare thing"
76561198058653814,Recommended,289650,12894437,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Kishukae,"The story and gameplay in this game is fantastic! Transitions from cutscenes to movement are fluent, and it really makes you feel involved. I run this game flawlessly on ultra high graphics and I play with an Xb1 controller. I can see how people with low-end computers or ""good"" Alienware pc's would get frustrated. But, if you have a good rig, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. Walking through a hallway and the light passing through the windows with these graphics are just fantastic. I'm glad I got this on PC instead of Xbox, the graphics are way better. I would totally recommend this if you have a good enough PC to run it. My PC specs:- AMD R9 280 3GB GDDR5- Intel i7 4790k 4.0GHz (not over-clocked)- Samsung 840 EVO 1TB SSD- Asus Maximus VII Formula Motherboard"
,Recommended,289650,12959812,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,DenDen0000,"If you're real fan of ac franchise, you will get over bugs. Or if you want a good game than wait for new updates to fix main bugs."
,Recommended,289650,12960960,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,David,"So, I am going to give this game a ""Yes"" recommendation based on my personal opinion. However, I would HIGHLY advise purchasing the game for awhile till the major bugs and everything are fixed. Keep that in mind when reading this review.Overall, the reason you should hold off on buying Assassin's Creed: Unity is simply because of the very unstable and poor launch it has had. Everything from really bad optimization issues and really bad FPS issues, to bugs like getting stuck in hay carts, falling through the map, and even falling into empty rooms that you cannot get out of during Co-op missions. I am sure there are a surplus of other bugs as well and honestly, it's very embarrassing with the state the game is in right now.Not to mention, not all of the game's content is in just yet. Right now the Club Competitions aren't up yet. The initiates daily missions and whatever else are still ""Coming Soon"" (As of 10/15/2014).But being as bugs don't effect my overal opinion on the game itself in terms of content and story; the game is amazing. It is worth the buy in terms of the game in itself. Characters are great (Though I still think Arno looks too much like Peter Parker from Spiderman), Elise (God what a hottie), and the amazing historical figures such as Napoleon himself, make this game worth while. The amount of content in terms of side missions, Co-op, heists, open world free-roam with up to 3 other players also make this game enjoyable.Not only that, this game has three ""campaign"" like stories to follow. You have Arno's (Single Player) Story, you have Paris Stories (Side Missions), and you have the Co-op missions (That have cutscenes and tell a small story as well). A lot of content to be consumed here.Movement is a bit ""sticky"" at times, but overally the combat and movement (without the bugs) feels very fluid when it wants to behave. Customization I wouldn't really say is too indepth, but it offers some nice personalization to your assassin. Disappointed that some of the cool outfits I like don't have much of a stealth bonus to it while the ones that I dislike do.Weapon selection is pretty diverse. Not too expansive, but offers a some choice in what kind of combat style you prefer. Whether it be using a pistol in close range combat to give you an edge when fighting with a sword, to sacrificing the pistol for a rifle instead to snipe targets from afar, or even giving up speed and parry (sword) for heavy attack weapons like Halberds or axes to deal a lot of damage. The game offers different combat styles to you."
,Recommended,289650,12960062,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,I Will!,"Crazy how much people are hating this game, I havn't experienced any problems at all so far, I get great framerate at Very High settings with my PC (GTX 780ti, i7 4790k @ 4.0 ghz, 16gb Ram, 1tb HDD). Seriously though, no problems what so ever."
,Recommended,289650,12960881,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Gen.Replica,i cant play the game when there is two screens. so i have to unplug the cable on the other screen just to play unity. FIX IT
76561198128097608,Recommended,289650,12885694,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,GokuCanFly,great ac game bad launch due to bugs but has best free runing and some of best fighting in ac be nice to have grabing or better blending tech from other ac games it takes away alot from some sc games but also adds alot. the world is so breathtaking . i didnt get into the story that bad arno is ok guy bit like ezio but story is no where on par to ac2.
76561198017880209,Recommended,289650,12894505,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Cyrus,"My specs:GeForce GTX 760 Ti OEMi7-4770 CPU 3.40Ghz8GB ramWindows 7Game runs smooth on high with FXAA. Cutscenes can be a bit choppy but it's not that noticable.I have experienced 0 crashes, glitches or bugs. No issues with Uplay.Worth checking out if you like AC games. I would recommend it, though precede with caution, many people are experiencing crashes, bugs and bad performance issues.Good luck!"
76561198063127571,Recommended,289650,12888178,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Roadman Shaq,"I would suggest not listening to the reviews quite yet. the story picks up, most people arnt even done the introduction yet. At first the game was buggy and crashed a lot, then they came out with the large patch this morning 1gb worth, fixed most of my problems, i was still crashing at certain points, so i did some troubleshooting, i turned off the game overlay in uplay, and instantly my frames increased, no more crashes so far, and the game runs a lot smoother, i wouldnt say this game is buggy only because of the developers, ive always had problems with uplay."
,Recommended,289650,12964182,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,TheGamingTintin,"Good Game, runs on ultra 40-50 FPS, had to turn it down for Co-op though. Minor problems for me, just slight bugs and frame drops every now, and then but nothing serious. Co-op is loads of fun. its good to watching your friends parkour through paris.Id reccommend this game to anyone looking for a new game to play, but id wait a little while untill the major bugs people are having have been resolved.If you want to get a head start on the game id buy it now since the problems arent that noticable."
,Recommended,289650,12935482,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Wargoz,"This game works perfeclty on my computer!Everything maxed out ecxept AA which i set at 4x.MY rig:CPU: Intel Core i7-5820K 6-Core 3.3GHzRAM: 16GB DDR4 2133MHzGPU: Nvidia GeForce GTX 970 Zotac 4GB EditionOS: Win7 64bitResolution: 1980x1080 60fpsThis game is the same old Assasins Creed as you have come to expect from someone like Ubisoft.It's a great game with lots, and then i mean LOTS, of content. I've 4-5 active hours so far and completed 8% total.Everything works effortlessy, exept the freerunning, as usuall. Arno will jump up on benches, confuse himself on where he is supposed to go when climbing and especially when climbing in windows...That is one grande task for Arno, but after 5+ tries, he manages to figure out how to climb in.Other than that it's great. it runs really smooth on my rig, never stuttering or lagging in any way, so far."
76561198061515775,Recommended,289650,12891044,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,the spooker,"I am on maximum settings and I'm getting max framerate, no visual lag (except when initiating cutscenes, small hiccups when that happens). I don't know what most of these people are smoking but don't listen. If you have a high-end PC, you can play this game. If you have a med-end PC. You can manage this game. If you're having issues, update your drivers (if nvidia) to 344.65. Happy killing!My specs :1440x900 monitor, 60hzAMD FX-8350 8-CoreGeforce GTX 78016GB RAM"
,Recommended,289650,12963332,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Minsoso,"Verdict: 7/10The gameplay design and the writing for this series need to mature in order for this series to reach its true potential. That said, should you decide to play this game, you will definitely have fun, because the mechanics have been completely overhauled and the gfx and animations are phenomenal. All in all 20 hours of good fun, but no more than that, because the game is shallow and stale at heart.Full review below:Shares identical game design as last gen AC game - Certainly a disappointment in that aspect, but also completely overhauls combat and parkour animations and the entire engine for the new generation. Fans of the series will be pleased and disappointed at the same time by the truly impressive new graphics that genuinely herald the new age of hardware, and the stale gameplay that just screams for an overhaul.Purchase comes down to three factors: Visuals, gameplay and whether you are a fan of the series. If you are a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ with a good pc who doesn't mind stale gameplay THAT much, then this game will be worth a try. Otherwise, just wait until a sale, since there is really nothing here to see than the new graphics."
76561198126945986,Recommended,289650,12975010,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,harder_rachel,I think the game has come a long way in just the one short week that it has been out. I have an i5 with 16 GB memory and a GTX 760n viedo card. I have no issues any longer playing the game. I really think it is a good addition to the AC world. If you have a computer that meets the min specs then I highly recommend AC Unity.
76561198087362297,Recommended,289650,12964315,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Smarpey,People please i suggest to you to update your Nvidia Driver if you havent done so and look for viruses in your task manager proceses. I was limited to playing on 1280x720 and had everything on low and even then i had FPS drops. But then i accidentally discovered that i had a virus that was using 90% of my processor and when i scanned my PC last night and cleaned it then i started Unity and i ran it on 1920x1080 and didnt get any FPS drops and got everything on ultra high except anti-aliasing. So please look for some little details that could be impacting your gameplay. I totally recommend the game it is worth a price. Didnt get any crashes or bugs except one time it quit the game for no reason.My specs are:Intel Core i5-4200M 2.5GHz with Turbo to 3.1GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 760M8GB DDR3and as you can see i am running it on my laptop with these specs so you dont need some ultra beefed up PC to run it on ultra. :DUPDATE: The game is stuck at sequence 7 memory 3 when i need to kill Bellic and i cant get pass passing E i saw many people complain about this and this is the campaign mission.
,Recommended,289650,12971518,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Adriano5,"I think its an alright game. I don't have much experience with Ubisoft's games (having only played AC: Revelations before).I've had a LOT of fun playing this game. Sure, there are problems like freezes, little glitches here and there, etc., but overall I think this is a fun and immersive game.8/10 (maybe being generous here, but I haven't experienced ANY of the problems people are saying they are experiencing. The only strange things I'm getting are freezes during cutscenes that take maybe 10 seconds, and then the odd person going through a floor)Overall, a fantastically fun game, with absolutely stunning graphics. Maybe a bit more worth it at a lower price."
76561198005293041,Recommended,289650,12895082,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,EmpSilWolf,"Has a lot of bugs as of release that will have to be fixed to actually play the game correctly. The slow fps and graphics lags are only a bit annoying but the crashes happen at the most random spots making the game basically unplayable. I get half way through a story mission and it crashes, I go randomly run through the steeet it crashes. Im sure there will be a serious patch coming very soon since it seems everyone, regardless of computer specs, is having problems.Other than that the gameplay overhaul of free running makes moving around on rooftops (without crashes) very fun and a bit of a newer feel since you have to hold down a or b to move up or down. A lot harder to get him to jump in a direction that is up or down in the complete wrong direction. Camera moves a bit too much in tight spaces, however and you end up jumping in the wrong direction but at least you dont have to climb back up because he randomly decided to jump down off of a building. Will still have to see how the fighting system improves with gameplay and stat changes, in the beginning its very slow because you can only attack 3 times.So overall I would like to play more but the developers should have waited a few more months, tested A LOT more, and hashed out the bugs with the graphics and memory. Maybe after the new year would be a good time to get the game since HOPEFULLY they will have hashed out at least the crash bug. I recommend the game as an assassins creed fan but not a computer gamer FIX BUGS.Running a MSi GT70 dominator  laptop so i7, 16gb ddr3, and 870GTX gpu."
,Recommended,289650,12893402,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,X-Potion,"After updating my graphic drivers, all the problems were gone:)I am now satisfied with my pre-order of Unity."
,Recommended,289650,12894186,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dreadstar,"So far so good. Everything works great on my PC. Its beautiful, parkhor has been improved, I love the new combat system and custimization options. I havent had one bug or hardware issue yet. Be nice if there was an eaiser way to filter who you got in CoOp like I only want people who speak English and have a microphone.Multiplayer though I miss that. So sad they didnt include it in the game."
76561197970371516,Recommended,289650,12894890,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mavor,"I must be playing a different game from everyone else...or I have a better system perhaps..My system is a 4 year old Alienware - but I do have a new 970 card. I personally find the game to be astonishingly beautiful - probably the more gorgeous game Ive ever seen in all my near 30 years of gaming. Not a framerate issue to speak of.Havent seen these floating, buggy civilians some folks have mentioned - or really any bugs for that matter. A little gfx flicker from time to time around highly reflective surfaces - but thats really about it. Played for 6 hours so far and just enjoying the hell out of it - so eh. *shrug*"
76561198087311734,Recommended,289650,12893031,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Riketz,"Alright, well first of all here are my PC specs;MSI GT72 Dominator Pro Gaming Laptop, Intel Core i7 4710HQ (2.50GHz) 32GB RAM, 512GB SSD, and an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 880M 8 GB GDDR5I'm running on a top of the line gaming laptop so I'm not running into what seems to be the 99% of problems others are having. Also, I'm not a big Assassins Creed fan, I haven't played any of the previous games aside from the first Assassins Creed, so I'm going into this game completely unbiased and not expecting anything except to be entertained.That being said, I'm having a lot of fun with this game so far, the story is interesting and I really enjoy the flow from the cut scenes into the gameplay. It really immerses you into the world, and I love when games focus on story telling done like this.The gameplay is a bit awkward for me at first using the keyboard, I'm not familiar with the AC games so it feels a bit clunky. Once I plugged a USB xbox controller in though it immediately felt more fluid. So definitely use a gamepad if you can. Sometimes though, it is a bit frustrating when the character does not climb or jump to where I intended, and sometimes he will get stuck in a corner or on a ledge and wont do what I want him to do, but these kinds of issues will work themselves out once I get more practice with game mechanics.The graphics are amazing, it seamlessly transitions from story cutscenes into gameplay. I run it on ultra settings but keep the anti aliasing down. I do run into minor skips and hops which kind of pull me out the atmosphere of the story, but these are only a minor nuisance.My first impressions on this game are positive. I'm going to continue exploring this game and trying out to the different features. For me it was well worth the price and I recommend anyone who has the rig for it to pick this one up, you won't be dissatisfied."
76561198075633117,Recommended,289650,12893357,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Xeriton,"Idk it sounds more like a hardware on most peoples parts. Now im not running state of the art tech here but it works just fine on my i7 core, 16 gigs of ram DDR3, 780 GTX. Its been running very smoothly i have yet to find any problems with the game"
,Recommended,289650,12911886,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Drex,"There seems to be a lot of criticism surrounding this game, and most of it is for good reason. Ubisoft has yet again released a fairly poor PC port packed with bugs and glitches as far as the eye can see. Though after a few hours of tweaking setting I finally ended up with a playable version. That's not so say it wasn't without it's bugs, but it is a version of the game that I can recommend. Before I go on, I will mention that this game does in fact have micro transactions. Which is greedy and unfortunate, but they aren't required and used as an optional way to unlock things without playing the game.The art direction is enough to sell this game, it's beautiful and the most realistic open world I have ever seen in a game. People fill up your screen as far as the eye can see which is impressive in itself, but it also adds the mechanic that we saw in the first AC trailer where Altair is picking off people in the crowd. Looks isn't all this one brings to the table though, this game is one of the most innovative ACs in terms of gameplay. This time around you aren't given so many tools, but you're able to specialize in a weapon of your choice. Swinging a rifle around like a bo staff is something I don't think I've seen in a game, and it's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Aside from combat though, the free running system has been tweaked with two buttons, one to go up and down, this is such a small change but it gives you so much more freedom.All and all, technical issues aside, this game is well worth the price of admission for any AC fan in my personal opinion.*Edit: I suppose I should note that I'm running a 690(Multi-GPU) with one half dedicated to phys-x. Thats what I had to do to stop the stuttering. Textures are set to high, and AA is set to FXAA, everything else is set to very high and it runs at a fairly consistant framerate."
,Recommended,289650,12966763,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,daany99,"beautiful and interesting game storythe game looks amazing very beautiful graphic.The coop misions and the multi is very nice the optioin to just run in free world with your friend is amazing.i run this game on very high and and ultra on 1680-1050 resolutionand i didn't see any problemsyes you need to wait like 1 minute to load the gameand yes i did have once the bag that your under the groundand yes my game stuck for like half a minuta it hapend me only 3 times in like 5 hours of playing.All these problems are nonsense compared to what you get in the game.the combat is much harder and in my opinion much worth then in the last series but you will get use to it.so yes i recommend you to buy this game because it is amazing and this game is much betther then the last serios of assassin's creed.this game worh every dolar out of my 60$ and even more.my computar3,20 gigahertz Intel Core i5-4570NVIDIA GeForce GTX 6608 GB ram"
76561198065298344,Recommended,289650,12975285,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Swifte,"Best Assassin's Creed i've played in awhile, No crashes at all for me everything runs smooth, managed to beat the game within 2 days!100% Recommend this game because of the awesome gameplay :)"
,Recommended,289650,12969699,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Styger,why should you kill elise???
,Recommended,289650,12968705,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,promoponi,this game is awesome but it requires a good computer
,Recommended,289650,12890672,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,YourGirlsEx,"RIP1 (Review In Progress One)+---------+Performance:Running on a GTX GeForce 660 at the moment, And am able to run on high with little problems. Doesnt run perfectly, but runs alot better than i expected. Tip for people with Geforce Experience, update to the newest driver through that. It greatly helps your game experience. No crashes so far, loading is decent times. All you need to do is make sure you have the at least bare minimum specs, and you will be fine.Story: WIPMultiplayer: WIP+---------+"
,Recommended,289650,12960715,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,SekaiZ,"IDK why alot of people think this has some problems, but for me with a GTX 660 which is below the req it runs surprisingly good on high settings. It got a few graphic glitches and bugs at coop but trust me it is worth it to buy AC Unity. I preordered it and i am so proud of myself lol. So buy it! You wont be sorry."
,Recommended,289650,12963294,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Puckasaur,"This game is extremely fun in both single player and co-op, especially co-op free roam! I do recommend giving some time for them to fix all the bugs. I'm running on a stable 50fps on a high end computer"
,Recommended,289650,12932802,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ZeroGod,"It would be a really, really good game to play on if the frame rate wasn't all wonky. Hard to play with the low fps (in which it needs to be fixed immediatly due to the fact that every single video game player is picky about their games), but overall it's fun to play on."
,Recommended,289650,12931260,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Troy McClure,"I'm going to be in the serious minority here, but here it goes anyway:I'm REALLY enjoying this game for several reasons.1) It's absolutely gorgeous. Like, STUNNING gorgeous. I visited Paris in the summer of 2012 and the landmarks that remain from this time period are recreated with so much care and detail.2) The story is more interesting to me than Black Flag ever was. In fact, the whole sailing and pirate thing? Not into it. I know this puts me in the minority again, but there you have it. If that's the case, you can take my review with a grain of salt.3) The combat, though absolutely dreadful compared to the much-better Shadow of Mordor, feels a little better to me than previous AC games. But it is slow, which I know will turn off lots of people.4) The parkour elements are great, including an easy way to descend now as well. And because of the fantastic architecture designed in this game, running across rooftops has never been more fun.5) The city feels so alive. There are people everywhere. Crowds. Huge crowds. Yes, you will see repeated animations or character models, but since I'm not focusing on the NPCs specifically, they blend together enough to create the feel of a live, dense city population.6) The major assassination missions so far have been a LOT of fun. I get to actually plan my attack because I'm given a few options that can aid my task. The freedom is a lot of fun.7) LOTS and LOTS of side missions and collectibles.I'm disappointed by:1) With my GTX 970, i7 950, and 12GB of RAM, I'm averaging about 40-42fps at Ultra (with AA set to FXAA instead of TXAA). This game was deliberately designed to only perform on top tier PCs. I'm not sure what business model they used to make this decision, but it clearly blew up in their face.2) Minor (for me) graphical issues. I count myself lucky that I haven't encountered the glitches many (most) other people seem to be encountering (I haven't fallen through the world yet, nor have cut scenes featured the Cryptkeeper). That said, there are shimmering seams in the geometry throughout the world. To me, THAT breaks immersion far more than repeated character models or pop-in textures/objects. Speaking of, there are pop-in textures, NPCs, objects, etc. that occur from time to time.3) Control wonkiness from time to time. Every once in a while, when I try to climb in or out of a window, Arno climbs the wall instead. I've been shot while being chased down because of occasional confused control issues.4) Occasionally, Arno's actions don't respond to key presses. In one fight, he just stood there while getting hacked to pieces by an enemy. Despite mashing the LMB, he just stood there until he died.Okay, so do I recommend this game? Well, it's hard for me simply to say YES when I know that the vast majority of (vocal) people can't seem to run this game without it crashing (or failing to start at all). So clearly, there's a chance that YOU will have a problem with this game. That said, if your system meets the system requirements, the chances of you running the game without major bugs is significantly better. If you enjoy open world games with LOTS of side quests and collectibles, you will easily spend dozens of hours in this game, and it's truly a feast for the eyes if your hardware allows it. If you were BLOWN AWAY by AC: Black Flag, I have a feeling you'll feel like Unity is a step backward. But if Black Flag didn't WOW you, you actually might enjoy Unity. I know that's where I stand right now.So I recommend this game (YES) with the caveat that I might not necessarily recommend that you try it RIGHT NOW."
,Recommended,289650,12921799,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Ziibbii,"♥♥♥♥♥guys, I can't run this game at 100 fps on Ultra Super High and I have a mid-tier computer. 0/10."
,Recommended,289650,12891226,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zer0 System,"I did see the a performance issue when I first started the game.  But after I adjusted the video options it played 100% better.  I tried running the game in ultra settings but was sadly stuck at 10 fps.  I changed it down to high and now getting about 25-30 fps stable (even with the MASSIVE amount of npcs on the maps, I'm talking more than you can fit in a football field at times).Game is running at 2560x1600 resolution and  the hardware setup is  i7 3770k 16gig ram with 1 680 GTX.  This game is hardware intensive and for the resolution I'm using, I honestly believe that a GTX 690 or 970 SLI'd would allow me to run Ultra.  Keep in mind the devs did mention that this game would require an above normal hardware setup.It also would be better if the player was forced to adjust video settings before starting the game.  I think this is the main reason for all the low performance reviews.  For example, when you start the game for the first time you hit the title screen and all you get is ""press any key to continue"".  You get thrown right into the intro, which to be honest, is pretty engaging and done well in my opinion.  Problem is if your settings are not optimal, you get a lot of frame loss and tearing.  I think the work around so far is ""quit to desktop"" at a save point so that the next time you start, the menu appears asking what you would like to do.Accessing the menu is a bit rough and confusing at first but not hard to understand.  For example, when you access the menu and click on ""options"", you go to ""Game Options"" with 3 sub selections below it.  Since there is no scroll indicator, you would not know that there are more options until you spin the mouse wheel.In addition, ""Game Options"" is also clickable which gives you more options.  I mean if it did not look like heading text then it would be less confusing.  Also there is so much screen real estate that the options could have just been listed in columns.  But I assume this was primary designed with console in mind.As far as story goes and the potential of co-op and side missions, the game is pretty engaging and I am enjoying the story.  Of course it's only been 2.5 hours but I guess a little more time will tell.  Hope this helps you guys."
76561198100828009,Recommended,289650,12890306,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,samgrauberger2.0,"It will test your gpu, but that was expected. If you have the capibility to run it it is very fun and includes some new features that we have all been waiting for."
,Recommended,289650,12894263,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,We do it,in this one you are not-ezio in france which has mysteriously been colonized with english accents. there is a button to go down the buildings this time as well as up.ubisoft would really like you to use their companion app
,Not Recommended,289650,16160922,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ISSA JOKE,tis bad gum du nut play liek if yu lik
,Recommended,289650,12975389,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,kissmemore,"1. My computer isn't 999 years old, so I don't have all that glitches everyone is whining about.2. My hand fell off cuz i was jerking off so hard to this game :D The architechture is ...wow."
,Recommended,289650,12895196,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,mysdudje,"I have a GTX 480 so I gotta play on Med-Low specs and it bugs like hell, but it is still a pretty fun game:1 Nice story,2 Revamped combat,3 Gorgeous characters (even on low res),4 Great free running (eventually sends you under the map, still pretty good)5 The ""hack"" to get cash and all doesn't really affect the overall progressionI'll recommend for now, at least until I get my GTX 970.If it still bug and lag like this then I'll kinda regret buying and reviewing this game hehe"
,Recommended,289650,12936329,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,何嘉欣,"pay 2 play + pay 2 win, 11/10 best game eva"
76561197974465035,Recommended,289650,12933366,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Acheron,"The game is fun and looks awesome. Everything I expected from an AC game. I know other people are complaining about bugs and framerate. I haven't had any issues. I believe most people didn't look at the system requirements which are relatively high. If you don't have the hardware, you're going to have a bad time.Also, Nvidia released a driver update specifically for this game on launch day. If you don't have your driver up to date you're most likely missing out on performance enhancements that are necessary for the best experience possible.Please make sure your system has the minimum recommended requirements and the latest driver before bashing this game.Intel Core i7 3770KNvidia GTX 780 SC16GB PC3 19200 G.SKILL Trident X"
76561198140898295,Recommended,289650,12890498,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,THEDONGERTRIGZ,This game is amazing compared to the other Assassins Creed. Only thing negative I can say is that IT ♥♥♥♥IiiNG CRASHES AND GLITCHES LIKE HELL! CAN'T ♥♥♥♥IiiNG DO♥♥♥♥♥♥WHEN I GLITCH INTO SOME CHICKS ASSSHOLE! JESUS SOMEONE FIX THIS SHIIIT! Other than that quite enjoyable...WITHOUT ALL THE ♥♥♥♥IIiiNG CRASHES AND GLITCHING
76561198085919942,Recommended,289650,12892738,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Calico Jack,I honestly never had any issues with this game thus far. Framerates are good and textures look pretty good as wellI have this game maxed out with a 780 ti with about 55 fps but can jump up to 144 (my screen vsync limit).I must be lucky. But others were not. Wait it out and purchase it later on to avoid the headache
,Recommended,289650,12893593,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Pat,"ignore all the raging nerds that don't know what they're talking about, the games perfectly fine."
,Recommended,289650,12895174,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Stephany Nuggs,"I have the AMD card meeting the minimum requirements and a processor just below.  On high, it runs at what I think its probably about 15 frames.  I think I just got lucky.  Once an optimization patch comes out, I think everything will be fine."
,Recommended,289650,12896117,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,linkorz,"This game is amazing in every aspect save 2:Poor optimization.The protagonist will frequently not follow input, such as not performing an assassination, or climbing too high/low.Wait for Ubisoft to patch these issues, then buy, because this game is otherwise amazing."
,Recommended,289650,12931691,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Moniker_Alpha,"I seem to be the minority here but I'm running this game fine. I've had no issues at all, no crashes no spikes in frame rate. Really weird. Reading the steam reviews say the same thing; a small portion of users have a function install, with a majority of users having an unplayable experience. I'll be honest, I'm enjoying the game, especially the co-op mode. The graphics are stunning and combat is solid. But for people whose port isn't working its understandable that they're unsatisfied. I guess ubisoft really needs to work on getting their♥♥♥♥♥♥together, because underneath all the performance issues and technical problems is a well put together game with beautiful graphics, an ok story and solid gameplay. *sigh* another game wasted.I'm recommending this game because I feel obligated to let people know that the game is competent and engaging; if you can get it working.7.5/10.Pros- beautiful graphics- solid gameplay- co-op modeBorders- storyCons- potential performance issues- uplay"
,Recommended,289650,12923456,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,FoZz-^,"It runs decent, at least for me with High settings. Good gameplay. Story seems interesting much like the one in AC2 (very similar).Overall rating: 73/100"
,Recommended,289650,12924362,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SlinkyPaladin,"Oh wow... People are having so many troubles with this game. Everyone told me that I will not be able to run it on my laptop, but they were wrong. Yes, the graphics are low, but it's still playable. I have not experienced any bugs so far. Sometimes the freerun mechanics do get a bit weird but it is not THAT bad.I still believe this is a great game. I love the customization of your own Arno, I liked the co-op and the story feels good for me. It does somehow remind of the ACII back in the day but with a lot more features.I have a Lenovo Y500 laptop with two Geforce GT 650M's in SLI, i7-3630QM @ 2.4 GHz, 8 GB RAM, Win 8.1 64bit."
,Recommended,289650,12969923,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Defalt™,this game is good
,Recommended,289650,15905509,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,★✪ ACO csgoroll.com,"DO SOME ONE BUY ASSASSIN'S GREED UNITY'S STEAM KEY. ITS GOOD IF I CAN TRADE IT FOR SOME CS:GO KNIFE. SEND ME FRIEND REQUEST, SO WE CAN TALK ABOUT TRADE THING."
76561198013142646,Recommended,289650,12931294,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Tom,if you like ac games you probably will like this. nuff said
,Recommended,289650,12894944,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,GrammatonCleric,"Well So far I am having a blast.I see no lag what's so ever.I have a Core i7 Gen 2 at 4.9Ghz, 32GB of Ram and 780Ti.The settings in the game are MAXED ULTRA QUALITY, shadows are on PCSS, Ambient Occlusion HBAO+,  and Anti-Alliasing is TXAA.Make sure to update your NVIDIA drivers if you are running NVIDIA.  Since NVIDIA just released specific drivers to fix the Assasin's Creed Unity lag...they end in .65 and not the .60 that was on their site few hours ago.No mouse lag, no thing...so yeap..if you want a trouble free system and don't have the CPU or GPU for it then buy a console version.P.S.They are releaseing a GPU patch in 1.2 shortly (2 days max)."
,Recommended,289650,12894495,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mara Sov,I've only played a little but the game is fun. My only problem is the cutscenes are very choppy other than that the game runs fine. Recomend for anyone who is a fan of ac or looking for a fun game
76561198032186033,Recommended,289650,12933103,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Harbor Master,Great game running on FX8350 no oc and 2 GTX 770's and runs fine on high. I have played previous AC's and this one has been the best one yet. I do get some FPS drops but not bad. I highly recommend this game and with Ubisoft working on a patch in the coming days it will only get better.
,Recommended,289650,12911850,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Marbearis,"Im not having FPS problems like the rest of the reviews.What can I say about the new assassins creed...Well to start, its an assassins creed game, climb♥♥♥♥♥♥and stab people. ITS FUN...IF YOU CAN PLAY LONGER THAN THREE MINUTES WITHOUT THE GAME CRASHING!Most, if not all crashes are directly linked to Uplay. A service that no one wants, but is cramemd down our throats anyway.Disabling Uplay's online (running it in offline) Fixes a large amount of crashing to the point to where i was able to play the game for 30 minutes or so before a crash.but you are limited to solo play (i think) and some features arent available.The game is Fun, but a crash fest.And as for those having framerate issues. maybe you should lower your graphix settings m8'sor check for driver updates.My PC is a beast, but only to me.its specs are decentAnd im running the game with somewhere between 60-85 fps even while recording.(and everything is on all tarted up mode, meaning the game is running everything on its highyest graphical settings)Yes teh cutscenes do lag a bit(only to look like slowmo lol) , but its not Terrible and only happened on a few.Truth is, I do reccomend this game, but wait until after they fix the crashing.It's funFun is good"
,Recommended,289650,12912718,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Spooky804,"I do not get all these posting these negative reviews for this. Yes, there are some optimization issues and bugs but they are nothing gamebreaking.  The game itself is tremendous fun to play. So far i have to say this is the best AC game i have played in since brotherhood."
76561198148649961,Recommended,289650,12907279,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,THE JUICE,"Since the large amount of reviews are pertaining to performance, let me say that my AC unity runs perfectly fine using a GTX 760 (2gb vram) i7 4790 and 8gb of hyperx ram. By fine I mean High settings hovering around 50 fps, and at high settings the game is GORGEOUS.Now that thats out of the way, let me start by saying gameplay wise this is the pinnicle of AC games, and there is very little they could improve on past this point. The parkour is seamless, a constant flow of movement ensures the player is never stuck performing tedious climbs and descents ever again. But more importantly, there is finally a combat aspect to Assassins Creed, no longer can you jump carelessly into an army and survive with no hiccups. At least to the point where I have reached the fights are difficult, and no longer can I cruise through a combat situation. There are minor clipping issues here and there with combat/movement however the amount is negligable. So much love has been put into the world, and finally you feel like you're actually part of a virtual city. Pedestrians are everywhere and much more unique than past games, and the city feels alive as promised by ubisoft. Coupled with masterful storytelling as always and incredible voice acting, this game plays just as delivered, and definetely exceeds my expectations. Do not let the other reviews fool you, the COOP is incredible, the gameplay is damn near perfect, this may well end up being my favorite game of the decade.As for what I would like to see changed, optimization definetely needs to take place as far as graphics, although I am more than happy with high I would like to see how the game plays on ultra high."
,Recommended,289650,12930254,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,relicz,"I love this game, but there are many bugs and major random fps drops. I recommend this game when it is fixed but not right away because it is gltichy right now."
76561198025110559,Recommended,289650,12908570,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,dkapbboy,"First and foremost, you need a BEAST rig to run this game. If you don't have that, pack your♥♥♥♥♥♥up and go home. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, its just a fact. I've got a 780 Ti, 16gb or 1866 RAM, and an i7 4770k and I barely get a steady 50fps. I do run the game on 1440p though.That being said, this is an excellent ♥♥♥♥ing game. I absolutely love it. I've hardly completed any of the campaign because there is just so much stuff to do. I strongly recommend this game to anybody with a beast rig who like assassins creed games, I was hoping it'd be a bit more like Black Flag, but its not, and thats okay, Things have changed, but its still an EXCELLENT game. Hell yes I recommend it (if you've got the specs) 9/10. Will play again, and buy season pass."
76561197982922357,Recommended,289650,12893878,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Vertisce,"So far all I am seeing is a bunch of whiny entitled brats.  Yes, the game has some performance issues but if you have a computer that has been built within the last decade then you can play the game.The gameplay is fun.  The controls work great.  The story thus far is great!  There does seem to be a memory leak present in the game that causes the occaisional crash and the framerate will slow when there is a lot going on but that's all stuff that can be corrected.The graphics are amazing!  Even with them turned down to improve performance!You CAN play this game with a 560Ti at the very least.  My wife has been doing so.  I run a 770 and have enjoyed every minute of this game so far!"
,Recommended,289650,12896307,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dagaline [Comtn],"I been playing this game for several hours. I have not run into any major bugs, including issues with framerate or optimization. The only issues I have on my end is npc pathfinding trying to go through a locked door. Other than that everything runs smoothly. Great gameplay, still waiting however to do co op. If I have to rate it right now I will say 9/10, I will rate it 10/10 once the pathfinding is improved a bit.EDIT:After a few more hours of playing this, I did find a few instances where I fell through the map. It wasnt too common its just rarely happening when I get hit by a running NPC. But none the less, I still reccomend this game. Its pretty damn good."
,Recommended,289650,12922709,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,yeahcuzzy,"Assassin's Creed Unity is breath takingRecently I have seen a lot of negative reviews and I highly understand the amount of trouble people are facing. As from my own game, I have not encountered one performance issue what so ever. Maybe slight ones but thats only been once or twice during intense parts. The game is visually amazing and the gameplay is so good it brings back good memories of the old Assasssin's Creed. The new parkour system is flawless and it just makes you want to play for days. I know this might not be the same for everyone, as I have seen a lot of glitches and the performance problems but for me I am running this game smoothly and the visuals are just so perfect.I would deffinitely recommend, but just be warned of performance problems. I myself havent enocoutered it so badly that it has made me want to unstall it."
,Recommended,289650,12907404,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,itchiebutt,"Game is pretty fun once you unlock the Co-op missions, people don't really use mics so it can get annoying with bad players just going around killing randomly. Game can be pretty buggy with the new Parkour system not knowing what it truly wants to do at times, it has gotten me killed a couple times even after clicking and moving the way you want but it would pick another even when you can go the way. The App for Android works for my HTC One M8, it does get pretty hot after a bit of use but it has had no issues using it and works well as a mini map.People been complaining about the graphics engine not running well for them but I have had no real issues as of yet and I play maxed out just fine. Only buggy engine I have seen is sometimes Npcs will bounce into the air and then reset if the game has not fully loaded which is pretty funny.PC Specs are not  great and yet I don't have issues game runs fine for me at 1920x1080.Nvidia 770 SC 2gigs8gigs of Ram120 gig ssd game runs onCore i5 3570k normal clocked at 3.4GHz"
,Recommended,289650,12895576,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TheAfghan™,"I don't usually write reviews but I have to say this game is getting a lot of hate. A lot of the hate is coming from performance issues. I feel that unless you're going to review a game it shouldn't be about performance, it should be about the game itself. Performance wise, the game needs to be run on a good computer, and there shouldn't be complaining, because the recommended and minimum specs are there. If your pc cant handle it then you shouldn't be buying the game. The secs are outrageous, I have to admit. But its still there as a reference.In terms of the game, it is really good. The conflict is there, it has character development, the voice acting is great, and the gameplay is fun. Its not an average assassin's creed, they completely redeveloped the stealth and customization so that you feel more in control.overall a great game. I would give it an 8/10 due to the outrageous specs."
76561198069897365,Recommended,289650,12907411,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,The Drunken Heathen,"You know i have a subpar rig- GTX 770 sc i5 750 2.67 ghz and 4gb ram and im rinning it okay on high, and it is actually SO MUCH FUN, im grateful i dont have these bugs because the game is an ambitious step up for the AC series and when this game gets a normal patch it should have more positive reviews"
76561198051218445,Recommended,289650,12916273,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Mario,"bad graphis flitches and framerate right from the start, then i saw a post mentioning Nvidia drivers then i found this...http://s42.photobucket.com/user/Justal383/media/1-5.png.htmlI'll update if it plays better after graphics updateEdit: the graphics card update REALLY made a HUGE difference in the playability of this game. still have large lag spikes occasionally but that's not SO bad. Game was flat unplayable before i updated."
,Recommended,289650,12918884,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Moff Corrino,"I played out the first chapter with the default settings and it run smoothly without problems. My pc specs are close to the minimum i7 960 3.2Ghz, Nvidia GTX 580 graphics card and 24GB ram. Only issue I had, is that I lost sync with Uplay store, but I guess that is normal for first day. I didn't encounter any bugs or glitches and my guess is if there are some ahead in-game they will patch it up asap."
76561198008963934,Recommended,289650,12908977,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Nazran,"Now there a lot of people complaining about the performance of their game and I am not sure I can agree except in the cut scenes. I have experinced a few bugs (collision) but beyond that I am having no issue. My system is a i7 4900mq@2.8ghz    24gb DDR3 1866 RAM     nvidia gtx780m   120gb ssd    2x 750gb seagate 7200rpm hdd. I am playing on my university laptop at everything set to ultra except shadows, lighting and AA are a level below max. The only place I am experiencing any issues with framerate are during cutscenes were it drops dramtically and stutters. Otherwise it seems to run perfectly fine on my LAPTOP system and it should be noted that mobile versions of CPU and GPU's are typically less powerful than desktops counterparts.For actualy gameply: it's fun. I am on sequence 4 or 5 and I have enjoyed the game so far. The assassinations are interesting and there is a plethora of side activities to do. The new parkour system is a bit unusual, take a bit to get used to but it works. The stealth system is very useful and character customization is great. The story so far has been decent but my motivation is more generally driven by the upgrade system. Combat is markedly more difficult and that makes it more compelling. Paris is gorgeous and massive and the Nostradamus riddles are challenging and fun. I haven't tried the co-op yet but I plan to.I would reccomend this game to you if you are a fan of the series or are interested in the concepts and have the system to handle it. I enjoy it as the next iteration of the AC series and it definitely better than AC3 (which I did not enjoy). It is difficult to compare it to IV as Black Flag was generally naval and this is a landlocked game but I am enjoying it as much as I did Black Flag. Customizing Arno is like customizing the ship."
76561198031706491,Recommended,289650,12908217,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,RUSTYxNUGGET,I seriously don't understand where you are all getting that this game gives low FPS. You have to understand that it is a graphically intense game and just because you are running a Beast of a system doesnt mean you are going to get 100+ fps. Also understand the game just released and Nvidia and AMD have to release drivers for better stability.I also haven't noticed any glitches yet but I am very early in the game. I use a wired xbox 360 controller for playing this game.I am running everything on Ultra and AA:FxAA @ 2560*1080 and getting an average of 45-50 fpsSpecs:Amd 9370 @ stock speedsASROCk extreme9 990fx mobo8gb of Kingston Fury ramEvga Gtx 970 4gb OC version (non blower fan) I cant remeber the exact name850w psuH80i Water cooler
,Recommended,289650,12931318,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Mephisto,"I want to start out this saying that I am not playing on a powerhouse pc. I wasn't even sure how well this game would run on this machine. This short review is of a currently uncompleted game on high settings, with bloom off.ProsBeautiful graphics, even on lower settingsCo-Op added just makes it better. Nobody wanted the PvP multiplayer they added in Brotherhood.Intriguing story and characters (for the most part.New free-run/combat system works really well, for the most part.ConsWith it being a launch title, there are a few glitches, such as falling through the world, crashing, and textures failing to load. (All of which I've not experienced once.)The new free-run/combat system occasionally messes up (unable to climb up to a ledge, which I know I can, parry not coming out, and occasionally being stuck in sneak mode)Runs through Uplay.Despite all the glitches and issues people are experiencing, the game is solid. Totally worth it more, if you have friends to play with in Co-Op (or you can just hop into missions with random people)"
,Recommended,289650,12906535,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NVS,"I honestly dont undertand what all the negative comments are all about. Game runs fine for me, all graphics settings are on high (Preset Very High) and I still manage 40+ frames. My only issues with preformance have been occasional freezes that last about 10-15 sec, but the game resumes right after. I have not crashed once, guess im just lucky? Other than that I have been very impressed and have been having a lot of fun with it so far.Build:Intel i5 4670k 3.4 ghz quadNvidia Geforce GTX 780-ti16gb DDR3 ram"
,Recommended,289650,12906919,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,crazyguy15052,"Let me start out by saying that i belive that a lot of these reviews are based on momentary rage. i have too encounteded a few bugs, but i still belive that this is an improvement from AC 3 and AC: Black Flag. the AI are generaly more intelligent, the weapons are more optimized and provide a challenge, The freerunning is (finaly) done smooth enough to have a natural navigation feel, and i do enjoy that you dont start off as a high and mighty assassin with all the skills of the master; you cant even do a stun attack in the beginning!For those who are not able to launch the game due to bugs, i feel that you have no right reviewing the game for you have not played the acual game; for all those having problems in general, have you tried contacting any support? shoot some Email, usualy its something they need to be informed about so they can fix it sooner! it is as much of their job to fixing it as it is our job to tell them what to fix.Now here are my Pros and cons of the game.Pros:-Freerunning feels smooth-Not much is given to you in the begining forcing you to work for it-Combat is much harder and realistic, guns will acualy kill you in 1-2 shots-AI's are smarter in the sence of guards noticing you if you dont hide cleveraly and civilians relizing you killed a theif and they dont have to flip♥♥♥♥♥♥-New and old game mechanics explained well in the tutorial missions-Relateable main character (I dont feel forced into a character role)Cons:-I fell through the ground twice and shot into the air once-Sometimes the camera skips and i end up loosing my place while running and slam into a wall.-Sometimes i dont know who exactly the enemy is-Sometimes not clear whether i should fight the 12 guards or jump out a window to complete the missionI have not engaged in any multiplayer missions and im sure that is where i would find many bugs, but the regualr singleplayer champaign storyline hold more story than AC3 and AC4 ever did. When i do play online, i will amend my reveiw to reflect my opinions on it.If you dont not have a good graphics card and overall a good computer made to handle these types of games, do not buy the game yet. the Pre-order is over, so there is no time limit. if you have it and cant launch it / its so buggy you cant enjoy it, please contact support if you have not already and try to resove you problems. if you have it and can run it, THEN you should post a review on your thoughts."
,Recommended,289650,12886266,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Johnny Depp,"Well, I really enjoy it. Despite what problems other's have, I waited till' the release, and played it. Got past the first few missions, some bugs, but not something that won't be later patched I'm sure. (considering this is day one release) I Run it very smoothly, average between 45-60+ frames constant unless I'm in a cutscene, they dip down pretty low. But from what I've noticed, it's just another bug because after the cutscene, I'm back up to 60's. I run off an AMD FX-8350, GTX 780 sc, and 16GB's of ram. I also run it maxed at 1080p with a little tweak to the anti-aliasing, just incase anyone would wonder. Story seems to have modern day humor in it, very enjoyable as well as returning to the feel of the first Assassins Creed. Co-op, is very fun too."
76561198053417809,Recommended,289650,12928946,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,mekanic93,"love the game and story line and how they brought back concepts from previous games as well as adding in new concepts that make you think (riddles and actual problem solving as well as some detective work) would rate 4.5 out of five stars at the moment until they make it a little more compatible for computers that arent set up for next gen gaming, once that happens its definately worth more then five stars. LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!"
76561198090196259,Recommended,289650,12934100,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ZACKNASTY,i think the game is awesome havent had any problems
76561198021720156,Recommended,289650,12928137,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,WHITE GIRLS CAN'T EVEN,I don't know what the people have to complain about the game... it runs with smooth 60 fps everything maxed out. Awesome atmosphere and a breathtaking setting. The combat system is easy if you get it. 10/10
76561198093479336,Recommended,289650,12927560,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Kermit the Frog,"its a good game for poeple with a good pc...but Ubisoft need to fix the game, I still dont know how to play with friends help is welcome. xD"
76561198076690019,Recommended,289650,12907787,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,I hate the poor,"This game is pretty amazing, and you don't need as high as graphics card as they say.I shanked a guy, and it was pretty fun.Get it.7/10"
,Recommended,289650,12914310,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,JakeFlit,"i dont know why everyone is freaking out, if your pc cant handle it, play something else. my rig works fine with the game, i get 40 FPS on medium, usually im used to maxing everything out but people!!!! this game has been out for 2 days and is a HUGE requirement compared to every other game before it. be patient people! they spent to much money on this to be lazy on a ptach, i bet they are staying up 24/7 fixing it :) happy gaming everyone!i7-4800QM16G 1833MHZGTX 870m (6g, 256 bit)1920x1080 15.6'' laptopthrowing my specs here so anyone can see, currently with these specs before patches, i can run the game on medium with 40 fps. hope this helps someone!"
,Recommended,289650,12891979,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SMK Onkruid,Runs at 30-60 fps with i7-4790k + gtx 970. Ultra settings + TXAA. I've enjoyed the little I have played.  My CPU is definetly getting hot ~80c
76561198006764849,Recommended,289650,12922887,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Chasm,"Because this Game has so many negative Reviews I feal the urge to also tell about my expierence with this game.My rig:GTX 770 4gbi5 4670k16 GB Gskill Ripjaws2TB HDDnothing is overclocked my driver version is: 337.88 yeah I know its old, but I'm modding skyrim update my drivers only causes problems for the game and as you see the game works well with old drivers update's are only needed if you have issues related to drivers...Well I'm playing now for about an hour and if anything changes I will update this review.I have expierenced some slight fps stuttering in cutscenes on ultrahigh setting, but thats it I'm running around for a while in the town without expierenceing any issues so far and again I do that on Ultrahigh preset. When I started this game this morning I had to download an update downt know if this is why its running better than for other users. What I have read so far is that people like me with the 4gb 770 often give positive reviews so I can only assume the game works better or at least for now best on this card. Since I can't say anything bad about the performance I can only recommand the game for everyone who has a 770 like me I'm not saying other people are talking crap or have crapy hardware, but it works flawless besides some slight stuttering in cutscenes for me so thats it for the performance.To the actual game its like every assassins creed the assassins story is well integrated in the actual france story and actual history happenings.The gameplay feels nice and easy like in all other assassins creeds the controls are also the same as allways, well overall its just another assassins creed I personally like the character even tough I liked the pirate outlaw feeling of Black flag a bit more than the french wannabe Casanova.Well thats it for now can't say too much about the actual story I have to play some more to get more in detail.Even if I personally with my specs don't expierence fps drops lags whatever I would not recommend the game to anyone right now. I would only recommend it to people with the same gpu cpu combination since my review is based on my personal hardware and a lot of other users have obviously problems with hardware that has similar performance.I personaly would test the game before buying it I don't have to say you guys how to do that, but at least be a honest person if it works buy it. Otherwise wait a week if you see the game got a update try it.A short word for the overall nextgen game's I'm honestly disapointed how ""bad"" the ""next gen"" looks if this is the future of gaming graphics I can only say I have games that are a few years old that have more detail in textures. The effects got quite nice tough. I really can only hope that other next gen games get better since if this is ultrahigh it is more like a step back in time for PC gaming the game is fun anyways that are just my two cents so if you hate me for it so be it."
,Recommended,289650,12914017,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Sgt. Cowboy,I can safely say I was not paid by Ubisoft to write this thumbs up rating.
76561198090454048,Recommended,289650,12923839,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Lamars,Best story ever
,Recommended,289650,12920501,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,p e s t o.REquiS,"I've read alot of reviews about performance issues and the game crashing and that got me worried. I opened the game no problem, and I'e played the game with no problems, not one. FPS wise the game hovers arounf 50-60 depending on the environment. Literally haven't had one problem.My PCi7 3770k16gb Kingston HyperX RamGigabyte gtx 7802TB HDDWindows 7"
,Recommended,289650,12892292,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Utinsel,"Maybe I'm the only one that think this game isn't too bad after all? A few thoughts on the game though:- You definitely need high specs to run this game and really enjoy it. I'm rocking a dual crossfire 290x OC system and an i7 at 3.8ghz and I'm running all of the graphics on ultra high. Things seem to be quite smooth for me and I haven't come across lag so far. I still need to look into the game some more and put more hours in for sure.- The story is interesting and I am impressed by the choice of time era this time around. Really digging the French revolution. Helps that I know French as well as I can understand most of the citizens.- The citizens are really lively. You don't see the same face too often and each one is unique and doing their own thing. The render times for each map impress me based on how many building textures and clothing textures it has to render for the whole city.- I'm not too impressed with the hair mechanism, don't get me wrong, the textures are amazing in this game and hair is difficult, but it just keeps bugging me as I play more and more.- The new physics are very creative and help to put a more realistic full to the game. Although I've already ran into 2 glitch where i'll be free running down a building and I jump off to the street and seem to fall through into an endless abyss. I think it more funny than annoying.- This game has some of the most impressive in-game graphics that I've encountered throughout my gaming venture. Keeping the cut scenes close if not the same as the in-game graphics helps out as well.- Sound seems to cut out at times and can be a little annoying, but doesn't happen so often as to annoy me too much.- Not too sure how well the multiplayer mechanism is going to work, i'll have to test it out in the near future.- Looking forward to play this game some more and considering all sides, I'd have to say that I recommend this game. Hoping there will be some updates to the game soon though."
,Recommended,289650,12915538,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,DcG,"Before I start I have to point something out:UPDATE YOUR NVIDIA GRAPHICS CARD DRIVERS!The people complaining about the flickering lights and low FPS could fix all of their problems if they had just installed the required updated drivers.If you're having the problem on AMD cards, I dunno what to tell you.This game is pretty good. I think a lot of people are disappointed because they allowed themselves to be hyped up enough to be disappointed when the game didn't live up to their expectations.Yeah, there are frame drops from time to time, but I honestly am amazed how optimized it is with THOUSANDS of NPCs on screen, all interactive as well. As far as I know, no game has been able to achieve this.The facial animations are the best I've ever seen in a game. LA Noire comes close, but the graphics on the faces kind of killed it in that game. Unfortunately, because of this, cutscenes are SUPER LAGGY for me. 15-20 FPS laggy. Mouths actually look and talk like real mouths. No more wide mouthed S's.Co-op is... amazing. It's what AC has needed for a long time, and I'm glad it's finally here. Seeing other people actually working together with you to assassinate some bad guys is a really good feeling. Cutzomization is really well-fleshed out and very cool.I haven't encountered too many bugs. I clipped through a roof once, and then I fell through the world... but that's about it. Fortunately, it is playable and enjoyable even with a bug here and there. It's a game after all. Expecting games to be bugless is like expecting a burger to come without the meat.There are a few interesting gameplay mechanics they tweaked/took out. The most notable one being no fighting with fists or hidden blades, which isn't that big of a deal. You also cannot switch to the hidden blades, which I find kind of annoying when trying to air assassinate people. Air assassinations are pretty wonky. Sometimes they just don't work although you're right above them, which is very annoying.The animation quality of everything, even NPCs, is fantastic. They really kicked it up a notch this time animation-wise.All in all, after 8 hours of playing this game, I'll give it a 8/10.TL;DR:The graphics deliver. Performance is okay, but that's expected with so much stuff happening on screen.Gameplay delivers. Combat and Parkour are much better. Air assassinations are still wonk."
,Recommended,289650,12907174,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Eaazeho,"This game is great, but it lacks features from AC3 and so on. The climbing can be annoying sometimes because you literally will grab on to something you don't want to in the heat of the moment. The CPU requirements are too damn high. I ran at 3.4ghz and this game constantly freezes and makes my character glitch out, ie: I fall through the world a lot and get stuck in mid-air. This game is good but you'll have to deal with release bugs if you want to buy it early."
,Recommended,289650,12908263,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,-Bader..,"I have to admit that i hated this game the firt time i played it  because of the random crashes every 10 seconds, but after the update that came from NIVIDIA, all the problems were solved. People should understand that it is normal for every game to have technical issues in the release day. And please do not complaine about the ""Random Freezes"" in the game and make sure your ♥♥♥♥ing peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics card can handle the game. If it can't handle the game, stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it in the game reviews and stop blaming the game for your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC because i dont have any of this ""Random Freezes"" issue.And yes, i highly recommened this game to all Assassin's creed fans, it is totally worth it. The controles are smooth, the combat is harder than it was in Black flag. I mean, i got stapped by a dude in my balls and i died with one hit! You gotta parry them all man."
,Recommended,289650,12910731,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,untmdsprt,"My PC:i7 3770GTX 77032GB RAMWin 7 ProAvg FPS: high 40sPros:Game is absolutely stunning in detail. Paris isHUGEand will take days if not weeks to cover every single part of it. The fluid movement of going from outside to inside with no cutscenes or loading times is also a major improvement over the other AC games. It will be nice to take the time aside from the main missions just to go exploring. I've only been to the Paris airport but would love to have gone to the actual city.Different outfits that show off Arno's butt. Finally nice to have more eye candy us ladies can view while playing.Stealth mode is nice, but currently not on par with Splinter Cell Blacklist. Hopefully once you raise that skill in this game then it will be better.Drug induced ""Alice in Wonderland"" trip during a part of the game. Where can I get some of those drugs?Lockpicking is a new element and worth seeing if it does enhance the overall experience or if it's just another gadget Ubisoft throws in to see if anyone uses it. Think AC:Revelations and all the bombs you could craft. Most were pointless.Cons:I've not had many major issues, just a few annoyances like ""friends"" who can't take no for an answer as why you don't want to play co-op in the game. I at the time had just started the game and wasn't far enough in the story to even bother with playing co-op. I actually have to work for a living to pay my bills and I'm also on US central standard time, so my time is different. I'm glad that mics aren't used in this game.Walking too close to a co-op mission and then getting stuck with having to view cutscenes, etc. until you can finally cancel out of it.Having to accumulate points to upgrade skills. How exactly do you get these points and how many do you need to finish the game? Will you be able to max out everything or have to pick and choose how you want to play?Controls are still awful but having gotten better than the other AC games. Free running is nice until the character climbs up something and then gets stuck. :(I'm going to assume my PC specs should be the minimum requirements as I'm still having to adjust what works and what doesn't. Nvidia has posted a guideline for their cards, but I'm taking it as a place to start. Even doing the very minimums don't improve framerate.Final thoughts:If your computer has similar specs to mine, then you should be able to play it. I've not had major issues with anything but a few occassional hiccups. I am hoping that if Ubisoft does patch it then I should be able to run it better than I am now.Updates:Pros: a wild twist to add a more modern Paris to the game, and a more manageable way to make money.Cons: ""cover to cover"" doesn't work at all, but ""swap cover"" while in a doorway does work. Recommended settings for my GPU have now been downgraded to ""low"". This means that anything less that a GTX 770 will probably choke on the game. Sword fighting in this game is highly annoying, as is being accurately shot at. I may have to switch clothes and just go for the health instead of stealth.Shooting with the phantom blade/guns is also annoying as you have to line up the shot instead of highlighting the enemy and shooting.Men ♥♥♥♥♥ing at you if you come within 3m of their precious chest even when you're minding your own business."
,Recommended,289650,12886323,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ToastyBatNipples,"It has a great storyline and a great advancement on the series. But the PC specs are crazy I have 20 frames per second with this, but its still fun"
,Recommended,289650,12886354,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,projectbadass,"I7-4790kNVidia GTX 9708 (2 x 4) GB 1866 RAMI'm getting ~50-60 FPS on 1080 / ~30-40 FPS on 1440 (max settings w/ FXAA in borderless window mode).  Cut-scenes lag a bit but textures look great.  No crashes after several hours of gaming.  Vintage UbiSoft post-launch optimization will improve gameplay a bit - whenever that happens.As for the game, it's fun.  A lot of the gameplay from the last game is carried over, which I consider a good thing.  Maps are beautiful and well-detailed, and the storyline is deep and intriguing.  UbiSoft seems to be going a bit overboard with their micro-transactions, but, from what I can tell, none of them seem necessary or provide a glaring advantage, so I think it's harmless.If you're a fan do the AC series, then you kinda have to play it.  However, keep in mind that this is a highly graphic-intensive game (and, as of launch, a poorly optimized one), so if you've got a rig with less than the recommended specs, either be prepared to sacrifice detail for FPS or wait for a post-launch patch and driver updates."
76561198032737078,Recommended,289650,12913364,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Pain to the world,"havent had any problems, runs fine on my 780 ti\fx 8350 no lag at all on max settings."
76561197997941900,Recommended,289650,12922960,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,xxx RIP xxx,"Ok, i only played 15mins of this game....but the graphics blew me away...ran everything on ultra high...no lagging nothing....i guess u really need titan series card to run this game to the max....gameplay wise so far so good...but won't be touching it till i finish my earlier series of assassin creed sitting in my library...Get this game if you are using intel processor and having a very good graphics card....heard that a lot of people have problem running this using AMD and lagging using normal graphics card....."
76561198063144727,Recommended,289650,12910776,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Tank_Hades,Dont see why people ♥♥♥♥♥ing.. Im loveing it on multi monitor with Only 2 titans.. People complaining prob dont meet min spec or just to say have it.. Even consols cant handle this game cuz lack power.. But people cried cuz could run 1st crisis either..
76561198141381882,Recommended,289650,12914709,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Commy killer200,Before I restarted my laptop i would say no. but after it ran fine on ultra hd
76561198042442645,Recommended,289650,12914361,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ryanrem,"Because there are so many bad reviews for this game i was a little skeptical about getting it in the first place. If this game works for you that is awesome, if not sucks to be you. I do have to say that the graphics were so damn good it hurt my eyes and i had to lower the quality. They solved the issue with this game being too easy and made the combat more like the Batman Arkham Games but instead of being a badass your a chump with a sword and people have guns and decide to drop an ax on your skull while your down. I have yet to try out the Multiplayer but after what i have played this might end up being one of the best designed Assassin Creeds with a protagonist so charming that he could seduce Ezio and a love interest that is SOOO damn fine."
,Recommended,289650,12914115,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Cthulus Witness,"If you have a good rig, this game is amazing. People often hate on games they are difficult in a way they're not used to. Unity is way more difficult than the other AC games, which are extremely unrealistic and easy to clear out an entire army. This IS the game we've been waiting for. If you're computer can handle it, it's here."
76561198053979478,Recommended,289650,12908531,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Vanilla Schnee,"Yet, the Game Is fun. I have a graphic card below the minimum and an overall great PC and the game run well without bug and no game crash.I have a nvidia geforce gtx 650 with every last driver updated, using geforce experience. I got 2 updates to do regarding this game within the last two days before its release.I run at 15 to 20 FPS.Premium version of AC: Unity companion is now available for Windows Phone"
76561198089842092,Recommended,289650,12914536,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,ATCHEN,It is a very decent game with amazing graph! It is quite demanding for the graphic card. I run this game on my 970 sli with 1080p. Everything is smooth without frame rate problem. I love this game!
,Recommended,289650,12908051,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,shoppingcart,Runs at high FPS (lowest 45) on high settings with an AMD Radeon HD 7970 and an AMD FX 8350
76561197993157082,Recommended,289650,12910971,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,aichouse,"I have not encounterend any of the bugs that som many are talking about. The frame rate is a little disapointing, but so far it is still playable. It is not very smooth, buy so far still fun. After hearing all the negative input I was concerned that I had prepurchased. As of now i'm glad i did."
,Recommended,289650,12895028,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Kairos Senpai,"I'm having only small fps drops (fixed by lowering graphics) but the rest of the game is great. i7 haswell, 16gb ram, and amd 7850 4gb."
76561198021840682,Recommended,289650,12896246,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Moldy Mollases,I would recomend it to a friend yes. That being said there are a lot of major issues the most obvious being the lack of optimization. But with my experience they usually work on it in the first month of release.
,Recommended,289650,12906958,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Commiedoggo,"I am not sure how to put this but this game is simply wonderful. If you have ever played AC2 with a controller you will remember how you have to hold down the right trigger then hit (i believe B, might be X though) to counter an enemies attack. Well i liked that because it actually gave you a challenge when fighting. Now its like press B to counter, then X to attack. Thats way too simple. But in this game, while its still B then X, you can use the right trigger for a cool counter attack also and it just brings back the good old days of AC2. Also, the parkour is pretty sweet. Now you can parkour down and up. Getting used to it is a bit tricky. So far, i give this game a solid 7/10"
,Recommended,289650,12895804,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Maika,"This game runs well on my laptop. The menus are laggy but that isn't a concern of mine. gameplay feels unique and exciting compared to previous assassin's creed games. They nailed the parkour aspect of this game with the parkour up and down options and the new stealth mode allows for many new tactics. For those of you who complain about poor performance on your ""high end"" systems, did you check that your pc is built for a game more intesive than assassin's creed brotherhood?"
,Recommended,289650,12895366,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,erockio,"This is  a great game. While it is true that you need a dedicated gaming computer for it it makes of for that with the story and the gameplay. I use a geforce gtx 660 and it works  fine. I do get lag every other minute but I dont mind. Just get a better graphics card, there is nothing wrong with the game\EDIT///I recently got a new graphics card ( a gtx 970 ) and the game works perfectly, no lag, bugs, glitches, or problems. The game is taxing and takes up 95% of all cpu procceses and nearly all of my memory. Do not listen to the haters this game is perfect as long as you have the proper components."
76561198060799649,Recommended,289650,12896237,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Connor,"Good Game, Love the Graphics!Problem is game crashes at 1080p"
,Recommended,289650,12908775,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,funseeker,"Okay let me be one of the first to talk about the game and not its crashes or whatever. (I haven't had any of the problems other people are having. Except some minor shuttering and textures popping up. Lucky me) So far, the game is very fun.-Movement is so much better than previous games. Will sometimes be a little sticky near objects.-The combat, I think, is a lot better because there are harder and harder enemies. Rather than throwing a smoke and getting an infinite killchain, you have to actually use the parry, dodge, heavy attacks, and your abilities as well.-The added stealth button and cover system are amazing additions.-Customization is great too. Makes you feel unique and each piece has meaning to it, rather than just for looks. And because of this, money actually means something!-I'm not that far into the story so I can't really talk about that. But what I can say is that I like where it's going and I like Arno.All in all, if you don't have these PC problems like crashing, shuttering, or whatever is happening, this is (so far) the best AC yet."
,Recommended,289650,12907161,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dan,"By the first 3 hours you will have the PC controls figured out and finally be able to start customizing your character and skills! Overall a great game, with hours of gameplay. Really excited to explore the co-op mode later on.Cons- Very heavy on the cpu and gpu! If you dont have a good rig, you will struggle to run this game."
76561198031876642,Recommended,289650,12891929,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,KrZy_CnDn,"I'm honestly blown away by all the negative reviews. Being an Assassin's Creed fan from the very beggining this game has come a LONG way. Those of you who are experiencing problem so bad that you can't play the game are doing something wrong. Im running an Nvidia GEFORCE GT 630 synergy, which is quite a ways below MINIMUM..I tweaked the graphics quite a bit and I'm enjoying the game very much. It's not runinng as optimal as I'd like, there is some lag and in crowded areas the framerate drops. That being said Unity is leaps and bounds ahead of Black Flag and the likes. The sheer scale of paris and the bustling activity at ground level is amazing. Ubisoft has worked for years to put this together. I've fallen through the map once and got stuck in the ground once. Over the years I've learned to expect these kinds of things on launch day (only been a pc gamer for a short time and i've NEVER had such problems on a console). That being said I'm sure all will be fixed asap. 70$ is alot to pay for a game and I understand that it should be polished. Don't let the negative comments stop you from purchasing. It's well worth the money! The new free running down ability is very smooth and gives parkour a new, fresh, fluent feel. I highly reccomend it!"
,Recommended,289650,12906876,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,GrimSword513,"I couldn't of asked for a better experience from Ubisoft this time around. I took a vacation day from work today to enjoy this game and fortunately it was a good day. The game runs perfectly and it is a beautiful one at that, espeically in 1440p. So far it's very fun and the new free running mechanics are amazingly responsive. Highly recommend this game."
76561198038302664,Recommended,289650,12918779,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Oathtaker,"After disableing the Unity overlay, all my crashes stoped.  I've got a gtx 780 card and have no real issues running the game."
76561198044840613,Recommended,289650,12890269,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mickalulu,f**king amazedizzle game best assassassasssasaasssin creed to date no problems running on ultra like a dream highly recommend getting this game way better that all other ACs #thank you bossass PC #steam forever #♥♥♥♥ uplay
,Recommended,289650,12886456,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jayson,"I've thoroughly enjoyed what I've played so far. I haven't seen any of the MP stuff yet, but I'm still having a lot of fun and the game is running semi-decent on my hardware (Radeon 7950 and AMD 8320 w/ 12gigs of ram). It's not as smooth as I wish it was, but I might have to consider an upgrade sooner than I thought at this rate.*EDIT* I upgraded to an R9 290X after playing this for a few hours and was able to run the game almost completely on ultra settings with the Nvidia exclusive stuff and Anti Aliasing turned off. The entire experience was pretty enjoyable, but the end of the game definitely turns into a downside, due to all of the missions increasing dramatically in difficulty and it being almost impossible to escape a lot of situations. If you can run it, I would recommend it, but probably not for the full 60$. Maybe if it goes on sale for 30$ or so. The co-op is pretty fun, there are a ton of unlockables that you can earn from playing the game or buying ""helix points"" or something.Aside from the end of the game, the other complaint I would have is that occasionally when too much is going on, bugs become a lot more prevalent. My personal ""favorite"" was seeing a guard that was chasing after me somehow warp up into the sky and fall to his death. Occasionally, your character will lock up in combat or the enemy will get stuck in damage animations without actually losing any health which is a major bummer and can lead to frustrating deaths.I'm hoping things get cleaned up with a few patches, but I have a feeling some of the bigger problems with the game are just coded into the engine and it might take a long time.If there were no bugs, I'd give the game an 8.5/10, but as it stands, its closer to a 7. Revolutionary France sure was purdy!"
,Recommended,289650,12886867,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Catalyst,"The game feels and plays like an Assassins Creed game - no surprise there. The way I'm integrated in the experience as a player is clever, and oft unseen in games. As I've only completed the beginning of the game, I'll be updating this review below when I've a steady impression of the game as a whole.Specs follow below; running on ""Ultra High"" (With no tweaks.) I only rarely see a stutter, with 90% of the gameplay being solid and smooth.XFX R9 290AMD FX-8350 [Liquid Cooling]16 GB RamIs my review unhelpful? Comment. I purposely leave out story-related details in my reviews, but will elaborate further when asked!- Catalyst."
76561198044554821,Recommended,289650,12907747,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jorge the Curry Cruncher,"I would recommend that you buy this game after some fix patches are released. Its graphics are not smooth on mid range pc's, but the story and gameplay features are strong."
76561197971882374,Recommended,289650,12909846,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Animal Puddle,"First off, this game is powerful. Beautiful in every aspect. All the people complaining just need to upgrade. Fluid movement, new fantastic fighting style, and a massive map thats fun to get lost in. Loving every minute of it. 101/10. Its a great addition to the series. And ultra high settings looks amazing. Just saying."
,Recommended,289650,12895540,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Gretto,Has the graphical quality of a Shrek movie. 10/10 Shrek is love. Shrek is life.
,Recommended,289650,12935322,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Saartr,THE BEST 2014 GAME EVER!
,Recommended,289650,12916350,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Leviathan,"EDIT 1: So now that the patch is out. the framerate drops during cutscenes have subsided. I haven't seen any more citizens on rooftops. As for the low framerate, that's still there. For those who are absolute die hard fans, I'd say go for it. It's still enjoyable despite the bugs. Otherwise, wait on this one until they release a few more patches (hopefully).Are there problems currently? Yes. For example the framerate drops a ridiculous amount during cutscenes sometimes. I haven't had any crashes yet though. Is it a bad game? No, I think it's actually pretty fun once you get past the framerate issues which honestly aren't that bad. I'm getting a solid 40 - 50 frames on high settings on borderless window mode. As for a recommendation, I would say yes, it is quite fun and the story has been good so far but if things like occasional framerate drops and some bugs (like citizens on roof tops) bothers you, then I'd say wait until they patch it."
76561198098099167,Recommended,289650,12923653,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Vix,"I love this game, awesome coop and gameplay in general. The only little issue i have with it is my framerate can sometimes drop to like 20 fps for a split seceond and before I know it i become the wall. ( or the floor) but if u can withstand that kind of thing than recommend this game to you."
76561198149972602,Recommended,289650,12916113,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,danielmaavre,"As everyone should know, the game has very serious failures that a lot of people have already said. But in my opinion the game is really funny, I enjoy some bugs that result pretty weird. If you are someone like me that enjoy playing the AC series and don't get mad about the lot  of bugs (mostly inoffensive) is a good game in which you will spend a lot of time ;)"
76561198028412446,Recommended,289650,12919566,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,melvin736,"Fun, lots of improvements and great graphics.  Yes, the game is a bit buggy but that should be fixed in time.  I don't know why so many people gave this game a bad review.  It a demanding game but I don't know why people are having such issues.  I can run it on all high (not very high/ultra though) with minimal lag.Specs:CPU: AMD FX-8350 8 Core 4.0 GhzGraphics: Nvidia GTX 780 TiRAM: 2 X 4 GB 1866 MhzMotherboard: Asus M5A99FX PRO R2.0"
76561198084266068,Recommended,289650,12918565,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Oliver Twisted,"I have delved into this game for around 2 hours and I am enjoying myself. At first, I had my settings on high but the framerate drop is just too much to bear, so simply  toning it down to medium still produced a beutiful Paris. In terms of the game, everything else is just amazing. Gameplay, story,  setting....everything is improved upon."
,Recommended,289650,12920461,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Vern,"Story is awesome. Arno is a champion. Game looks amazing. NPC's off the chain.Game runs fine. Above 40+ framerate on highest textures and shadows. Occasional loading issues from HDD for textures and physics but his is expected. Using FXAA 1920x1080 borderless windowed forced triple vsync buffer on ultra using HBAO+.LOOK UP A GUIDE ON HOW TO OPTIMIZE THIS GAME BEFORE LEAVING A BAD REVIEW YOU SCRUBS AND UPDATE YOUR DRIVERS. ALSO WHILE YOU'RE AT IT CHECK THE RECOMMENDED SPECS AND DON'T PLAY THIS GAME WITH A GEFORCE 600 or RADEON R8.2x Asus 144Hz  24"" MonitorsEVGA GeForce 780GTXi7 4770K 3.4 Ghz16GB DDR31TB Samsung HDD 7200240GB Seagate SSD"
,Recommended,289650,12918871,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,DemonWreckage,"Great game - only just played a little, but so far so good. It's rough and not all smooth, but without a doubt playable. Lowered the settings to Minimal and it helped quite a bit. It doesn't look nearly as beautiful as it should, but it's still great and better than a laggy experience.The story seems fun, and the controls are easy. Some what easier than Black Flag in my opinion but also different.I won't write a whole lot about it - just making a review that the game isn't as bad as everyone is saying. Of course it needs to be patched and worked on further, no doubt. And it got some glitches too. But that's okay for now.My computer specs:Windows 7 (64 bit)Graphics card: AMD Radeon HD 6800 series (with a broken fan no less)Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7 CPU 920 @ 2.67GHzRAM: 12GB"
76561198049851946,Recommended,289650,12919844,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,nivek34119,"Honestly, I have had no problems with lag (except minor cinematic tears). The game has run flawlessly on high. I downloaded the specific Nvidia driver update before starting the game, so I can't speak to running it before that.PC Specs• Windows 8.1 64• 4th generation Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4510U Dual Core Processor + 4GB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 850M Graphics• 17.3-inch diagonal HD+ BrightView WLED-backlit Display (1600x900)• 16GB DDR3L System Memory (2 Dimm)"
76561198042991617,Recommended,289650,12921384,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Mago1994,"This is a beatifull game, ive started playing AC Unity like 5hours ago and no lagg or buggs so faar.Running the game on a Gaming Laptop on High definition.My Specs.Processor:	Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4700HQ CPU @ 2.40GHzVideo Card:	NVIDIA GeForce GTX 860MMemory:	24 GBOperating System:	Microsoft Windows 8.1, 64-bitTo boost my games even more i use Razer Cortex, it gives me more fps.http://www.razerzone.com/cortex"
,Recommended,289650,12934879,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,NIPPLE KING,"I have an ASUS G73HJ laptop and it doesn't reach the minimum requirements by anny stretch of the imagination but after updating my amd drivers I was able to boot the game and run at a stable 30-35 frames. The game would often spike to 60 frames when there weren't many civilians on screen, mainly rooftops so the games isn't too intense and you do not need a crazy gaming rig. Aside from the framerate the game is absolutely amazing."
76561198084454179,Recommended,289650,12919157,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,TheHomicidalGoat,Lack Of Eiffel Tower and bewbs. 69/4 would bang again
,Recommended,289650,12923195,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Amone,Incredible Assassin creed and vive la France
76561198152535576,Recommended,289650,12895747,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MrFister6688,"Insanely good. Best AC game to date actually. I'm blown away at the tiny details Ubisoft implemented from scuff marks on the tile floor when the light hits it at the right angle, the interiors of buildings, the unique personality of each character even in the massive crowds, the fluid free running, the realistic combat, the stealth mechanics, hell even the way the sun hits a character and makes them glow - it looks real.Graphics are INSANE. Hands down the most beautiful game I've ever seen.I don't know what everyone else's issues are, maybe they're missing a patch? Cutscenes produce a little lag but they roll straight into the missions so I assume there is background loading. Aside from tiny drops in fps during cinematics I have no issues.MSI GT70 Dominator-895GTX 870 3GB VRAMi7-4810mq8 GB RAMI am currently playing on 1920x1080 all settings maxed with the exception of anti-aliasing which Nvidia recommends to be set at MSAA2x, however I am playing on FXAA.This game is gorgeous and extremely well done. Stealth, new navigation experience and ease of travel with free running, beautiful setting, awesome combat... what else can I say? Would I recommend this to a friend? Already have to them all.Assassin's Creed Unity Overall - 10/10"
76561198021996949,Recommended,289650,12919860,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,NoOneAtAll,"I'd like to start out by saying, wait for the next patch or even a sale. Once it's stable then it's worth it. As is, it's difficult to find groups for coop so I'd assume most people are having technical difficulties.I completed the main story and after bumping down to medium setting with a FX8320 GTX 780Ti and 8 GB ram it has been stable throughout the playthrough. Overall technically speaking it's disappointing.Why do I recommend it? Despite all of the typical Ubisoft bs it is better.This iteration cleans up a bit of the movement it keeps most of the familiar terrain features and expands a bit on indoors. Windows are fairly easy to use as they have a dedicated button to ensure you go through them. The sneak mechanic feels good in most cases however the cover mechanic leaves a bit to be desired. Imagine a finicky deus ex cover with no turning corners. There is also Up-freerun and Down-Freerun. Down freerun is focused on speedy traversal of the level you're on or quick safe dismounting of buildings. Up-Freerun is the typical movement we're used to. One thing I did miss was jumping backwards off of walls. There was a wall eject and I think that's what it's supposed to be but honestly... it was not working at all. Possible bug? Overall improvements but some feel unpolished.Story was good, it's your basic murder clue murder clue AC storyline. Then you get the the boss at the end who has different mechanics from anything else in the rest of the game. I liked Arno as a character and the supporting characters were also fairly good. Not boring as hell like Connor was from AC3.The Coop... it's basically here are objectives, you and your buddies go finish them. Would be much better if I had someone I know to run em with but he's been having difficulty connecting to coop. We did get a few in on day 1 and I'll say that those were the most fun. Heists are slightly different as the goal is to reach a target with minimal to no detection to maximize your reward. Coop missions give good gear drops but will need to be run multiple times to unlock everything. Also when you go to a friend's instance of the world it'll load all of their unlocked viewpoints and cafes.Skills, get unlocked as you go you need to get skill points to unlock them. There is a skill for ranged weapons for example. Kind of a pain but it's a tolerable form of progression. Besides you don't need ranged weapon proficiency for phantom blade anyway so it's mostly ok.The Gear allows you to build your character ranged, stealth, or brawler. with bonuses to amount of things carried to health and time till detection. Built into the game is a bit of a ""gear score"" There are diamonds above your name that indicate your level. There are 5 levels of gear with a ""legendary"" tier as well. Gear score will tell you how well equipped you are for different mission difficulties. It's 1:1 for simplicity's sake.The Estate type building that is your source of revenue. When upgraded it will provide missions. These missions will further increase the income from it. Also there are 7 buildings throughout the map that can be renovated that will also increase income and provide missions. These missions give a decent amount of money.In this highly iterative series, Ubisoft once again adds more polish to their open world game. At least mechanically. Technically this thing is a mess. Requiring high end gear to be run and having framerate difficulty on even the consoles where the specs are locked in. Turns out some of the accusations prerelease were unfounded however they were hiding the bigger problem which was that their game is just straight up broke. By the way... microtransactions are totally pay to win but it doesn't hurt anyone except yourself. So it's okay with me."
76561198132941855,Recommended,289650,12931362,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Fallen Shadow,"I love assassins creed, my computer runs it perfectly with no lag on very high graphics, the gameplay is awesome. The people who are giving bad reveiws just need to get a actuall gameing computer"
,Recommended,289650,12923956,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,August_Caesar,"I personally like the game, but its QUITE buggy. I have about 6 hours of gameplay, and I've fallen through the floor about 5 times now and gotten stuck in midair twice. also, its combat isn't as fluent as it should be and some the police are way OP, and stupid. plus you can't get out of the way of gunshots cuz everyone is a sharpshooter who can hit you even if you're running 100 meters away. Also, the fps in this game is terrible unless you have like a $10k computer and even on low settings, it still has random fps drops and it crashes all the time in the beginning. I'd wait till its patched up a bit more before buying"
,Recommended,289650,12925577,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Musica Senpai,"Don't let those poorly constructed people's reviews trick you, if you got the recommended rig, the game works just fine, yes, there are some minor flaws, even with the right recommended specs, there are some random minor fps drops every now and then, no biggie, Ubisoft has already made an announcement saying they are working to fix these minor flaws affecting the game right now, so it's all matter of waiting, meanwhile, i'm enjoying my game in ""Very High"" settings with random fps drop every now and then. The cutscenes are choppy, they will be fixed as well, overall, the game is playable and enjoyable, just make sure you have a good GTX 780 4GB+ to play this in ultra.The game crashed on me 2 times in the first hour, but after tweaking my settings, it never crashed again.The reason why i'm enjoying the game in very high settings is because my GPU is only a GTX 765 2GB, it's kind of a bummer i can't get to enjoy its maximum potential but i knew i wouldn't be able to max it out since the moment i bought it, my GPU is under the recommended specs, but even like that, i'm still enjoying the game with the minor flaws mentioned above but which will be soon fixed. PS. I'm getting a steady 40-50 fps.Leaving the specs / minor problems behind, the gameplay is just amazing, i've been playing AC ever since 2007 when it was released for ps3, ever since then, i've always bought all AC games i could find, and i gotta tell you mate, gameplay has improved so much in this game, mobility & assassination has never been so natural and practical. Paris is just amazing, the map is huge, the amount of things you can do is just right to keep you entertained, co-op mode has never been as fun until i played it in this game, population acts so natural, so realistic. Graphic-wise, even though i'm only playing the game on ""Very High"" settings, they are just amazing, i can't say they are next-gen worthy but they are a different thing from the past AC's.In conclusion: Buy the game if your have the recommended specs or else you're going to have a bad time, if you almost meet the reqs and you're a true assassin fan, then sacrifice some graphic details and enjoy the game as it should be enjoyed, the minor flaws will be soon gone as Ubisoft made an official announcement saying they are working on all these flaws, even though the release was a bit glitchy, the game has amazing potential.Regards."
76561198058657510,Recommended,289650,12886105,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,LTCrabcake,"This game is amazing from what I have played I thoroughly enjoy it. Some poeple are saying the graphics are crap. No they are not, the colors and crispness of the graphics are superb. They are 10 times better then Watch Dogs graphics. There are still bugs in the game, but what game on the first day of release does not have bugs? I have dropped frames but it was only here and there though that was before I turned off antialiasing, since then I have not dropped frames at all. So far the story is great, whole lot better the AC 3's slow and boring story. So all in all it is a great game, I cannot force you what to spend your money on but this is definitely worth it."
76561198087716889,Recommended,289650,12886121,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,nanoha__tyan,excellent graphics! ultra high+fxaa runs smooth on my pc~10/10
,Recommended,289650,12907143,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,cbaxley,"I was on the fence to buy this with all of the performance reviews but I am glad I did.It takes tons of cpu that is for sure. Don't know what that is all about.Runs fine on a haswell i7 4800 series with an r9 290x and the latest catalyst drivers.I did have to turn off uplay overlay and the steam overlay (google them if you don't know how).I also turned off the online voice thingie from the options in the game because I have no friends. LOL.One thing for sure, and this is the same in far cry for me, when you start the game it can take forever to get past the black screen. (You will think it is crashed but it is not) I think this is because it is trying to connect to uplay which is totally busy and ♥♥♥♥♥♥. So you just have to wait for it to either time out or get a proxy, I don't know which. Just go get coffee and a smoke and it will be running when you come back.The menus lock up on me when I change stuff but alt-tab into the desktop and then come back to game and they are unlocked.The game does look stunning aside from the hair being a little weird. Water is good and the clothes are like real. Faces are realistic and lips match dialog.There is now a controlled discent in free run mode that keeps you from falling and bumping into everyone when you get down so that is very cool.Just about every building is open with people who react to you.I think it is worth the money.Graphics are like 9/10Play is like an 8/10 because it is a little jerky at times and the boxes around objects are  a little too big sometimes.Sneaking is pretty cool and the AI players feel pretty lifelike."
,Recommended,289650,12908443,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jay,"Talk about a sh**storm on here. So many people going on about the spec's. To me spec's have always been a guide line. It ""almost"" always seems like the spec's are way over, what you really need to play the game. My set-up is a ....GeForce GTX 660 tI                                                                                                                                                                                         Intel(R) Core(TM)i7-3370 CPU @3.40ghZ                                                                                                                           Memory: 16 GB (15.95 usable)                                                                                                                    OS Windows 8.1.So that being said, I'm playing this game on the Very high graphical setting ""not ultra"". And I've had no major problems. Such as crashing. The framerate does suck in this game. But to me, it's playable. And yes it is unexpectable for game to have this bad of framerate issues like this, today. In some reviews on here that I read. They were using a 960GTX. And there having the same problems as me. And at times they would experience NPC's disappearing / reappearing. And textures poping back & forth. This would almost always happen in big crowds. Which I have experienced. But it only happens in a really big crowd. When your going down the streets & passing people or running on the roof tops. The game plays fine. But my point is it's not the spec's that's messing up the game. I believe the problem is, there rushing a game for the Holiday's. All for the all mighty dollar. And of coarse this game still needs work. It just seems  like uplay doesn't have a quality control. And like other companies they say...Oh we'll fix that later with some updates & patches. Whatever happened to making sure a product worked right, before they release it to the public. The dollar wins out again lol.I'm sure this game will be sweet I hope after a couple patches. But almost every game I get. The required settings are way over,  spec's for my set up. And until now I have always played games on the highest settings ""ultra"" possible. But playing this game on ""very high""setting is not to bad. I won't lie I was like everyone else....♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that my rig is getting out of date. I spent close to $2,000 on my PC & that was 2 years ago. And the first year the computer was bearly usable, thanks to Windows 8. I'm sure there in cahoots with this graphic card companies. To force the consumer to run out & upgrade there graphics card. It's a dirty business, like everything else in this world. It all comes down to money. Well back to this game, the cut scene's on this game are kind of choppy ""FPS"". The game does look down right beautiful. Sometimes it's hard to play it. Because you just want to stare at everything.And these people complaining, don't they want games to look as good as they can? If they had a better set up, would they still be mad about the spec's ? Yeah it does suck that there trying to force us to upgrade our graphics card. It seems like gaming PC'S aren't lasting as long as they used to. But I guess I'm cool with that. Because it keeps the lower class gamers on consoles. If gaming PC's lasted a long time everyone would have one. And I for one don't want that. Xbox & PS can keep the poddy mouth little kids on there. I for one don't like a troubled 12 year old talking trash to me online. That's why PC's are the master race! So this is to all the reveiws I've been reading about this game. I believe this game is worth the money.But does have some issues. If you want a smooth running game. I would wait a couple months. I believe it's not so much the spec's, that is the problem. It's some bugs & frame rate issues. But as a AC fan. the game was expectable to me...for the most part.  And it will be one of the games I'll be playing the most this holiday season.The only really bad thing I can say about this game. Is get rid of the uplay. Gamers just want to play the game they bought. Without having to jump through a bunch of hoops. Well, that's my 2 cents"
,Recommended,289650,12921690,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Benji,"I think its a very funny game all the other comments is just wrong i find no lag ore bugsi relly love the assassins creed games and this is one of the best madeits one of the best games in the world good job ubisoftmy specsamd radeon hd 7770amd athlon (tm) x4 740 quad core prosessor 3,20GHzram 8"
76561198019486205,Recommended,289650,12925449,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Adrian,"The game is really awesome, don't give importance to trolls and haters, the game right now have issues, it's true, but nothing that make the game impossible to play, i just hope that the future patches improve the performance."
,Recommended,289650,12926422,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,|ÅΩ| Sovox,"So many bad reviews ,but this game is lovely in my opinion :D But you need a powerfull pc to enjoy this game. Min req: Geforce 680 or AMD 280X to play it on Ultimate. Somethimes there are some framedrops and glitches, but what do you expect from a game that just got released. I def recommend the game, but wait for a decent price drop or buy it via K-inguin or G-2A. 50 % cheaper, but you have to live with the fact that you will have to use the Uplay Platform instead of Steam. :D"
76561198063915831,Recommended,289650,12907887,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SynKrow,"OKAY I had a very bad experience downloading this 37 gb game, waiting over 8 hours due to my bad internet. Not only that, but after that 12 files worth another 1 gb were missing, wasting another hour of my life. And to add to this disaster, the game was very laggy, even at medium graphics, while i can run high on Blackflag. There are bugs every here or there. BUT, aside from my bad internet, the bugs are patchable, and some graphical issues can hopefully be fixed. If you can deal with all those problems, this game is going great so far. Might want to wait for some patches before buying."
76561197986450531,Recommended,289650,12914164,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Heineken,"Liberté, Égalité and Fraternité ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561198089405546,Recommended,289650,12918877,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Nukeman001,"Contrary to all the other reviews i actually really like the game, bugs are there but all releases have them, only crashed once in a multiplayer game but that's to be expected on the first day of release. Enjoyable gameplay and satisfying progression, I do wish that you didnt have to have the app in order to unlock some things but oh well whatever works for ya."
76561198082755128,Recommended,289650,12919270,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,cunt win,"this game is so fun when it works... you will see numerous bugs when you play it. It doesnt worth $69.99 . Unfortunately, I bought the GOLD one.....  Darksoul 2 is much better!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,289650,12928011,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Thewhitewhale,"Game works fine on my computer, running it on medium; and it looks pretty good."
76561198148598174,Recommended,289650,12924519,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,VlodmirVonEverec,"UPDATE-There are still a lot of tehnical problems with the game but the more I start to get into the game the more i  like it,the story is amazing and the gameplay is fun,th combat is a lot harder than other ac games and I often find myself killed or running away from a figth when I battle too many enemies at once,I still reccoment you buy the game.This is coming from an Assassin's Creed fan.First I wanna say that Ubisoft made a great job with designing Paris and the story is good so far,I don't have an opinion on gameplay yet because I can't run the game at decent fps even on low,the problem with that is that I have an R9 270x and even on low I can't run the game at solid 30 fps,the PC port is a mess,there are animation bugs and you will get stuck in place often for no apparent reason,I have played 3 h so far and I don't intend on playing anymore untill the game gets fixed.Remember how Watch-Dogs PC peformance was bad?This is 10 times worse.I remember a year ago Playing Black Flag on my PS3 at launch and it was amazing,there were no bugs and glitches at all and I could enjoy playing the game unlike Unity.Ubisoft NEEDS TO GET THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER and stop with publishing unfinished games across all hardware(that means ps4 and xone too),I do actually reccomend the game because the scale of it is amazing,im just gonna buy rogue for ps3 till this gets fixed."
76561198043509990,Recommended,289650,12927947,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Disaster,"Awsome graphics, nice game mechanics. overal score 10/10I see no point in not buying this masterpiece.Missions at start are a litle confusing but they soon make sense right after you played a litle while."
,Recommended,289650,12928596,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Hen-Lee,I only got one thing to say... COOP HIPE!!!
76561198023606108,Recommended,289650,12926741,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Xineas,"They advertise with how good they did with co-op and how revolutionary it is. But the co-op don't work because of a bug... What can I say.. Other than that, game is awesome and had no graphic issues with my ultimate gaming pc."
76561198112373377,Recommended,289650,12921787,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,jbn56343,"Don't believe the haters. This game delivers. The details are overwhelming, the amount of content is beyond anything I've ever seen. The story is great, the characters really begin to develop, and the missions are varied and a lot of fun. I've already spent 8 hours doing nothing more than a few missions and exploring the Notre-Dame Cathedral, lol.I highly recommend this. I'm running with most settings maxed (check Nvidia's graphics guide if you have an Nvidia card) and it is as smooth as can be.Trust me, if you're a fan of open world games and seamless co-op, this game is for you."
,Recommended,289650,12918496,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,damp,"Brought me back to why I love this series. It had the old elements I loved while having good new/recent elements too. I was not a huge fan of the ship mechanics, and missed the old type of assassin style. This game felt the most close to actually being stealthy than any other game in the series. Also, the skills that you now have to unlock instead of being given adds an aspect to the game I enjoy, while including new skills that made the game even more fun. The game preformance wise runs just decent cause i do have frame drops and the cut scenes can be occasionaly laggy, but it does not take that much away as the graphics are stunning, and there is not always frame drops. Overall i would rate 87/100."
,Recommended,289650,12919276,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Trevor,Note this is a gameplay review not a performance reviewI have played a bit of assassins creed unity and quite frankly the gameplay is fantastic and is a great improvement from black flag dont get me wrong black flag was great and the environment was good but this game has a completely different feel to it and isnt a bad game I think its worth getting from a gameplay perspective but unfortunately the performance really does let this game down and i hope in the nearby future that ubisoft adds some patches that will help the performance of this enticing installment of the assassins creed series
76561198088458632,Recommended,289650,12917771,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,InfamousBane,"After just 4 hours this game is probably one of the best Assassin's Creed I've played. It seems that many people are having issues but I have not had any. A few bugs with the civilians and AI movement but nothing major. I love the movement in this, it feels so natural. The missions are much better and haven't been repetative like in previous games. Graphics are great and its just an overall great game!"
,Recommended,289650,12907635,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Scott,"Quit the QQ, the game is great; it's your PC that sucks. Stick to console if you can't afford to buy good videocards and processors."
,Recommended,289650,12925587,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Zoldoran,just downloaded the game took me 10-15 hours when i try to launch it it tells me that ubisoft gamelauncher isn't found please reinstall assassin's creed unity and i am like... ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198123973041,Recommended,289650,12919662,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,TiggerTail,"Few years have passed since I finished AC Unity and in all honesty I can state that this is one of the best games I have ever played. If I have to define it I would say that Ac Unity is an Incredibly Intelligent Entertaining Historical Simulator. The soundtrack is one of the best I ever heard implementing real live orchestra performing baroque music beautifully mixed with impowereing new age synth electronica. I listen to it almost every day on my way to work for 3 years now.  This game by far has the best photorealistic graphics to date in any game, period. It is not glitchy in any way and the frame rate is above 50 fps. The gameplay is absolute fun and the fact that you can climb any building is stunning. I really got addicted to running the rooftops of Paris and jumping arround. I mean I really really got addicted to that. You get to explore even inside random houses too. I got to know Paris in detail and everything is on point accurate representation of the city. Phenomenal work! The game offers incredible amount of clothing, weapons and guns you can equip. There is a level progression of the character, armor and weapons as well. The main story of this installment is very well placed in the actual historical events that took place during the French Revolution and therefore you get to learn a lot about what really went down. This game does such a good job of teaching you about historical figures, buildings and events that it should be a part of any history class about the French Revolution. My mom was so exited to explore the Louvre, the Sorbonne, the Pantheon, the Bastille. She never visited Paris and now she feels like she has. It is truly an amazing experience. I never played anything like that before. The city is humongous and diverse. I really don't understand why there are people that did not like the game. I will give you an example of what other games I love so you can get an idea about my taste - Skyrim, Borderlands1,2 and pre sequel, Little Big Planet 1 and 2, Path of Exile, Bastion, Guild Wars 2, Elder Scrolls Online, Sacred 2, Portal ...Well, that's it from me and I really hope this review is helpful to the open minded folk and even to the closed minded ones. My opinion is true and honest, I am not a paid promoter in any shape or form and I love AC Unity"
,Recommended,289650,12922302,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Pinky,good game and story as far as i played.bug problems. hopefully a quick solution for it. but i actually like this game
,Recommended,289650,12925556,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Wilks's lambda,"It's good...so far,Set graphic at very high, can run around 30-40 FPShere's the specI5-4670GTX760RAM 8GBWindows 7 SP1I suggest you guys update your gpu driver, might help maybe?I suggest you guys wait till Ubisoft patch these bugs and framerate issues though."
,Recommended,289650,12886849,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Reck,"Review Summary: 4 out of 5Great so far, 3.2 hours into the game. Fans of the series will thoroughly enjoy the gameplay, and the overhauled control scheme has a learning curve, but fits right in. The ""Present Day"" sequences feel shoehorned in and tiresome, but I understand the need to continue the trend.-----------------------------------------------------------------To jump right in to the system issues other reviewers are mentioning, I am running 1080P and 45-60 FPS on full settings with the following set up:GeForce GTX 760AMD 6350 Six-Core8.00 GB RAMWindows 7 (If you game on windows 8, you're gonna have a bad time.)I have had ZERO issues playing this game, so dont let the naysayers sour your view on purchase. The Visuals are stunning. Its very easy to see the new engine desinged for the game, and the facial expressions on the character models are beautiful. I watched the trailer many times after pre-ordering, and they simply do not do the game justice. There are a few things in the game that remind me of other Ubisoft franchises (Farcry 3's Cave mushroom sequence) and I hope there aren't many more.The story could be so much stronger if the Modern Day sequences or cutscenes were omitted completely. They really break up the story tension and not in a good way. Just after your first kill youll be dragged right out of the setting and pace, and forced to take part in an absurd sequence that does nothing to further the story.I also have become momentarily stuck due to interesting camera functions and strange angles. The combat is unforgiving, and unlike Assassin's creed 4, the camera does not zoom out to give you a sense of your enemies position. The game can and will punish you severely for not properly analyzing any situation you enter.The combat is unforgiving and rewarding; the character customization is unparralelled. Just after the story is set up, you are thrust right into a rich world where you almost feel you can smell the streets of Paris and feel the environment around you. While the Combat, graphics and past story line are everything I had hoped they would be and more, the modern day sequences, though much less obtrusive that those in black flag, detract from the story flow, and could have been implemented effortlessly alongside the sequences as Arno. Im excited to see how the game takes shape as I continue the adventure."
,Recommended,289650,12919595,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Doxy,"this game is just great! srsly guys its the best in the series!!!!!! u play as enzoi, a french ♥♥♥♥♥ slayer that takes place in the french whinefest. the graphics are phenomenol!!! i get an amazing 12 fps on the lowest graphic quality! they also added a new feature, glitching the animus which allows you to fall through the map and die. so far the story is amazing, enzoi is basically a french pimp, and takes over his fathers prostitution ring after having a heart attack from sex. he roleplays as a ♥♥♥♥♥ assassin, and can double penetrate 2 grills at once like a true pimp. this game is truly innovative and original! plz support ubisoft by buying ingame money with ur hard earned cash irl!11/10 goty"
,Recommended,289650,12887225,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,riott,"Main PC Specs: GTX 660's in SLI, i7 4790K (4.5 ghz), 16gb 1600mhz memory.The game runs fine for me on high for the most part but I am encountering a pretty irritating stuttering issue constantly in the game. It's playable but after awhile you wish it would stop. I have no idea if anyone else is having that issue but thus far that is really the worst problem ive had with it other then the occasional frame drop which i believe will get squared away as the game is further optimized. I'm just hoping the stuttering problem goes away as well."
,Recommended,289650,12918974,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,TheRealVisions,"I got a gtx 970, a i5 4690k, and 8gb of ram and on ultra i get 60fps throughout the game with it dropping to 40 fps when i get into huge crowds and 30fps on cutscenes which is weird on the fact that others with potentially better rigs than i have are having problems running this game."
76561198113355289,Recommended,289650,12918698,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,The Fancy Assassin,BEFORE I WRITE WHY I RECOMEND THIS GAME I AM FIRST WRITING WHY I DONT REOMEND ITTHE GLICHES THERE ARE TO FRIKEN MANY AND THEY ARE A HUGE ♥♥♥♥ING PAIN IN THE♥♥♥♥♥AND BECAUSE OF THEM I HAVNT MADE IT PAST THE PROLOUG THING SO UBISOFT/STEAM WHOEVER DOSE PLEASE UPDATE THE GAME SO THERE ARNT NEARLIY AS MANY GLICHES BECAUSE THEY ARE A HUGE ♥♥♥♥ING PAIN IN THE ASSSANY WAYS GOOD STORY LINE RUNS ON MY LENOVOLAPTOP JUST FINE  (OTHER THAN THE ♥♥♥♥ING GLICHES) AND I DO RECOMEND FOLOWING AND WAITING TIL THEY FIX THE GLICHES TO GET IT O AND DONT GET THE SEASON PASS TIL A DLC COMES OUT THATS WHAT IMA DO UNLES THEY DONT FIK IT
76561198093402349,Recommended,289650,12919938,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,þaiNa†ioN,"The graphics are indeed great, and the story line is good.  Also the Co-op missions are very exciting to play with your friends. I dunno if you play with pubs though.  Anyway, I am addicted to this awesome game. Groundbreaking!!!"
,Recommended,289650,12919809,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Lightning,"Great Game, but needs a lot of work/patches to fix up some of the stuttering/FPS issues as well as many other bugs/glitches."
,Recommended,289650,12919797,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,CYaRon,"Tried the game out, well with the graphics to low, even with boosted programs for my game, it still has some managable lag, hope they do something about it in future."
76561198040574415,Recommended,289650,12908490,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SevArktic,"Okay, I will admit performance is lackluster and the game is horribly optimized, but if you get past the performance issues and the occasional glitch where the wall eats the player, you're really left with a very solid Assassin's Creed game. Lots of customization, AC2-esque story along with Co-op, and some RPG-like features all bundled together in the wide expanses of Paris.If anything, wait a little while before picking this title up. Maybe Ubisoft will have patched some of the performance issues."
76561198089576141,Recommended,289650,12907073,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,FURRYPICKLESACK,"Only get if you can actually run it... To those who bought it and gave it bad reviews, you should've actually read the recommended requirements and thought about if your computer could actually run it. Otherwise, the story and gameplay are fantastic. Maybe the next update will fix some of the minor things"
76561198008643395,Recommended,289650,12924112,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,R6ex,"Game runs great on my i5 + 970 PC. For best experience, use a 980.  Great visuals & lovely Elise. Best Assassin's Creed yet."
76561197967565718,Recommended,289650,12923269,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,-=ZEUS=-,"****NOTE THIS IS A PERFORMANCE REVIEW****My rig is5960x @ 4000 mhz2 x 780 @ 1440p16 gig ram ddr4 @ 2800MhzPeople are right to say that the game has some issues and gliches, but the game is not broken. I play at high settings @ 1440p and have 60ish fps. AA at FXAA.  and have no wierd framerate dropsFound out if you change graphic settings ingame you need to restart the game.I have disabled overlay in UPLAY and STEAM and havent had a game crash since. I could only play 10 minutes at a time.As for gameplay.....only time will tell have not played far enough to make an opinon on that"
,Recommended,289650,12907711,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,decimation,"love this game ! my comp has no problems with it graphics an gameplay are awesome on ultra. it reminds me of brotherhood, the fighting system is so smooth an fluent i do have a really good graphics card though.."
76561198074471007,Recommended,289650,12919510,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,A_Pimp_Named_Sugarloaf,If you have the Hardwere the game runs fine
76561198042603627,Recommended,289650,12909330,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,deathsitedsi,Best one I've played yet!!
,Recommended,289650,12918755,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Creepy Fish (R.I.P Hugh),"look i dont get amzing frame rate but it brings me back to my favorite ac, acII so thank you ubisoft!"
76561198041857144,Recommended,289650,12920770,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Pluto VII,the games is great...not so much for the optimizationwould only buy if u can withstand sometimes extreme♥♥♥♥♥♥framerates and glitches and are a loyal ac fani recommend this game to youif otherwise probably not worth your time
76561198082399466,Recommended,289650,12925671,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Sir Sapphire,"Wtf is wrong with you people? This game is really great! I don't have any issue with it, it runs perfectly and all the graphics are maxed out! This AC is great, i like the scenary, the gameplay and the graphics and give it 9/10"
76561198049432750,Recommended,289650,12918369,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Nicolas125,"Well, I must say, with my rig i7 2600K and GTX 770 I had no performance problems on high details. And the game is beautiful."
76561198069567872,Recommended,289650,12919788,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Mega Faggot,the ending will make 10/10  people cry if you dont cry you are a robot no what ♥♥♥♥ that robots will cry to
76561197960502588,Recommended,289650,12920287,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,bityr,"I almost didn't buy it because of all the bad reviews. Runs fine on my PC. no crashes .. in 9 hr .. out of thousands of npcs, i saw 1 halfway in the ground. Have not fallen through the map (yet). The game is pretty hardware intensive so it doesn't run very fast but it is playable. FPS between 30 - 120.HardwareIntel Core i5 4570 @ 3.20GHz3071MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 78016gb ddr3Settings1920x1080144hzEnviroment - very highTexture - highShadows - highAO - HBAO+AA - FXAABloom - On"
76561198027181929,Recommended,289650,12920353,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,bmart5052,"i5 4670k OC 4.2GHzEVGA geforce gtx760 4GB OC 1160MHz gpu clock/1802 mem clock8GB RAMRuns perfectly fine on high settings (30-50) fps. No major issues besides minor screen tears and one bug during a co-op mission where I got stuck to a balcony and then got booted from the server. Not really sure how I'm feeling about the new parkour control though...may need some getting used to or it just may not work as they planned but it hasn't affected me much yet.Great game but does need some work to run like I expected it to, but if you're an AC fan and have a decent rig, its worth a look.Overall score as of now - 8/10...if they fix the issues and it runs as smoothly as advertise, 10/10"
,Recommended,289650,12925141,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,sylvierquil,"the only problem i have really encountered besides falling through the map or getting stuck between wall is a white screen that makes everything look like its covered in dense fog or smoke when i go into buildings. otherwise its an amazing game in my point of view. Everyone Has to realise that a game when first released is going to have lots of issues because you have more people playing it so its easier to find those issues. If you Choose to buy the game, have some patience."
76561198079927210,Recommended,289650,12908294,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Morgoth,i have no problems and this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ using AMD graphics card
76561198019244999,Recommended,289650,12919879,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Satiro Volante,"I've been hearing a lot of complaints about this game, both gameplay and optimization wise.For me it's working wonders though, runs nice and fluid (maybe also thanks to the new nvidia driver).Gameplay is...SO MUCH BETTER (at least for me):The new stealth system allows for greater control and cinematic effect (in the previous game the character would continue walking normally even when sneaking, in Unity you can crouch to make less noise, and take cover behind objects.)The combat is finally fun. Enemies are smarter, stronger, and wont hesitate to shoot you if you leave them the chance. The added difficulty unlocks whole new levels of satisfaction after winning a tough battle. Medicines, smoke bombs, and all the other fancy gadgets actually serve a purpose now. I also love the addition of enemy kill moves, instead of ragdolling to the floor, Arno will get stabbed by swooshy kill moves. Nice.To all of you that prefer slaughtering helpless enemies, worry not, the city is divided in different sections, easy and hard, so if you want to massacre weak enemies, go to the easier sections.The addition of a climb button gets rid of all those annoying unwanted climbs when you are trying to run, and viceversa.Story so far is good, and Arno is a cool character I think.Paris is awesome and full of life.Character customization is cool, there are plenty of outfits and colors to choose from.So far, the best assassin's creed game by far, in my opinion.I hope future games will follow this game's mechanics instead of going back to the messy, precisionless, immersion-killing, waay too easy formula of the previous games."
76561198101212271,Recommended,289650,12922615,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Aksus,"Works perfectly on my computer, shame that all of you guys have problems with fps and I don't.Story is good at the beginning, but gets messy after prologue. Still have to search and discover to see what this game does keep inside."
,Recommended,289650,12920801,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Unhandled Exception,"I'd recommend it if you enjoy the AC series.  However as the countless negative reviews state, the optimization for PC is non-existent.  REALLY poor effort by Ubisoft - how could you release a buggy, low-FPS pile of crap like this and call it playable?  Stupidity at it's finest, release a game before its properly finished.  Now we have to wait for patches to fix it I guess.  Ugh."
76561198028273628,Recommended,289650,12885951,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Pfefair,10/10Would let them eat cake again
76561198125959692,Recommended,289650,12887349,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Krix,"I don't even know if anyone reads these damn things, but I too experienced ""the bug"" on attempting to play the game.  I like many people here probably downloaded the game prior to it going live.  My attempt to correct the problem was to uninstall and reinstall the game now that it's live.  I have not had a problem since re-installing."
76561198042189953,Recommended,289650,12886923,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,BrightHill,pretty good!
,Recommended,289650,12892348,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Hybrid @ Best,"IF you are a fan of the Assassins Creed Franchise then Obviously you own this game, alot of people are bringing up issues such as ""Crashing, Lag, etc) i have had a little lag issue then i adjusted my settings (still Ultra High) and run it smoothly.The only issue that i have with this game so far, is that everything is running through Uplay. Certain chests cannot be accessed unless using some crap on uplay. so all these purists that have issues playing this on Ultra High at 60+FPS, if you care enough about the game/franchise you'd suck in your pride and play.-Im not a die hard AC fanboy, but as said the problems people seem to be having with this game i havent experienced."
,Recommended,289650,12930998,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SaberEdge,"Ok, first off, Unity is NOT poorly optimized. The game scales well with more powerful hardware and doesn't suffer from unreasonable CPU bottlenecking. The game engine is properly multithreaded and scales well across multi-core processors.The game IS demanding, but not ridiculously so. For example, it is only marginally more demanding than Shadow of Mordor for me, but it looks vastly better.  In both games I am unnable to achieve 60fps with my GTX 770 and i5 2500k, so I cap them both at 30fps. The difference is, Shadow of Mordor has micro-stutter due to poor frame-pacing or perhaps asset loading. Unity, on the other hand, is perfectly smooth at 30fps, with no micro-stutter to mar the experience. And the ultra textures in Shadow of Mordor have heavier VRAM requirements, but don't look nearly as good as the ultra textures in Unity.People need to keep in mind that Unity is one of the first graphically advanced current gen games. It makes no sense to compare Unity to last gen games and cross-gen games that don't look anywhere near as good. Unity runs well, given how advanced its visuals and world simulations are.Go look up benchmarks for Dragon Age Inquisition; the performance is fairly similar to Unity, but I can tell you from first hand experience seeing the game at PAX Prime that it doesn't look as good as Unity.Here are my recommendations for those complaining of poor performance:First of all, if you have an average PC and expect to run advanced new games at 60fps, you're dreaming. Go upgrade your PC or just quit gaming. Game requirements are only going to get heavier now that truly ""next gen"" games are starting to come out.If you DO have a decent PC, first you should know that FXAA actually gives the best image quality in this game, so there is no reason to use the more demanding forms of anti-aliasing in this game.Second of all, if you can't maintain 60fps most of the time and your framerate is swinging up and down, just cap it at 30fps. It will actually result in a perceptively smoother gameplay experience. 30fps isn't as good as 60fps, but it's better than a highly variable framerate. The proper way to cap at 30fps is to use Nvidia Inspector and select the ""half refresh rate vsync"" option, with Vsync set to ""standard"" in the setting above that.  This will give you a properly vsynced 30fps free of screen tearing or micro-stuttering. (If you have an AMD card use RadeonPro and the ""double vsync"" option).Also, by using external vsync and turning off the in-game vsync option you will actually get higher framerates. Make sure you are using the game ready drivers for Unity as well.If you are getting decent framerates, but still getting stuttering it could be because you have too little VRAM. Turn down the texture quality to ""high"". Using FXAA or injected SMAA and avoiding 4x MSAA or TXAA will also help with VRAM issues.Unity runs very well on my PC considering how amazing it looks. And I am enjoying the game immensely. The story is the best yet in the series, in my opinion. I'm drawn in and legitimately want to know what happens next. It doesn't hurt that the cutscenes are so gobsmackingly beautiful.The gameplay is also the best in the series for me. The combat is harder and requires more skill and focus. I've actually died quite a few times in this game, which generally doesn't happen much to me in other AC games.The traversal is generally much smoother and more refined this time. The animations are incredibly detailed and varied and there is a greater sense of freedom of movement. Sometimes when using the controlled descent mechanics your character will kind of float unnaturally sideways as he is descending, but that is the only niggle I have with the new mechanics. Being able to climb up, over and around things so fluidly makes me feel like spiderman. I also like the fact that you can now enter so many buildings and use them as pathways while traversing through the city.Stealth has been improved dramatically. Finally we can crouch and take cover behind objects, which opens up all kinds of neat gameplay scenarios in the game. It's finally a proper stealth game. There is also a ""last known position"" mechanic, similar to that found in the recent Splinter Cell games, and it works well and allows you to use it to your advantage to attract and slip away from enemies.The mission structure is a lot better and more flexible than in previous entries. You are given a certain mission, but it can dynamically change this time. You aren't stuck completing it only one predefined way. There is also a much greater variety of different side missions you can tackle in the game. It all makes the game so addictive.As far as the visuals, all I can say is 'wow'. I can say without any hesitation nor hint of exaggeration that this is the best looking game I have played on PC. The lighting, shading and materials all look stunning. It's filled with detailed textures, volumetric smoke and fog, extremely detailed character models, the most realistic hair I've seen in a game, lots of neat shader work, and a host of advanced post effects.So far it is easily the best game in the series for me and one of the best games I've played this year."
,Recommended,289650,12907985,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,codyboc22,At the start yes the game was running like♥♥♥♥♥♥ However once I turned off anti-aliasing I got alot better frame rates. I am able to run the game on high settings pretty smoothly. I don't have a top of the line graphics card either. It's quite middle of the pack.
76561198042112583,Recommended,289650,12896333,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,trashboi,"probably the best looking game I have played in sometime, and probably the best old time Paris walking simulator I have played. runs smoothly when using proper settings for your rig(very high in my case)the combat is fantastic, the customization seems pretty great too, not to mention the weapon choices.navigating the world feels great, overall I am pleased with this game.of course, I have notced a couple glitches here and there, but im sure that will be worked out in time. Part of me actually enjoys watching pedestrians sink into the street and disapear, snd the other part of me is kind of upset that I havent seen any of those wierd skinless faces, people are posting in the hub."
,Recommended,289650,12916205,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Lucasif The Odd,I love this game. Arno seems to be the literal embodiment of disbelief and makes various comments on how silly a situation seems to be. This game is a throwback to how Assassin's Creed 2 felt in its scope and scale and while some are having frame problems for some reason the game never drops below 50 frames that I noticed whilst playing. I'd like to add to all the people deciding whether to buy this game or not: If you like Assassin's Creed and don't mind dropping frames buy this. If you are unsure whether the game will work properly on your system wait until it goes on sale on the December sale. By then it will be sure to have had many patches to it and should run better.Side-note to Ubi bashers. How many of you thumbs down positive reviews just because you hate Ubisoft?
76561198088540807,Recommended,289650,12896141,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rambo715,"I think this game is fun. Some glitches...so what, what game doesn't have glitches. I have not found a game breaking one yet. I have not had one crash and Co-op is a blast with my son...not sure what everyone's complaining about.I like the animations, parkour can be challenging but the nice additions of choosing up or down is good,  and the new fighting is challenging. I like the fact that a person can't just counter and kill - takes more timing, very hard to just run and gun and survive a 5v1 fight. \I am enjoying the story and the facial expressions are great on the characters.Overall, I enjoy it. Not the best game I've ever played but I'd say 8/10 so far."
,Recommended,289650,12921540,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Tristan,Impressive work and really good gameStill need a lot of work to optimize though.
76561198143300660,Recommended,289650,12917611,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Awkward Turtle,"Runs Pretty Well on my pc: Gtx 780ti, i7 4790k 4.5Ghz, 16gb ram, getting 50-60fps on ultra highthe game itself  is pretty good so far. Arno is much better than the dull as mud Connor, overall not bad despite the regular pop-ins now and again. 8-10 would recommend if u have the specs to run it, and downloaded the latest nvidia driver."
,Recommended,289650,12918371,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Usker,Evnthough there are problems with the game engine and the requirements are huge the story so far is very interesting. Also the level of detail is impressive. Hope Ubi Montreal fix those crashes
,Recommended,289650,12888891,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SpockTheBuilder,"Great game so far and no major graphics or gameplay issues if you have a decent computer and a compatable video card/drivers. There are some of the usual graphics glitches that are around on launch day, but most of them aren't immersion breaking since many texture loading issues seem like they fit the plot.I am having a lot of fun since I set it all at max settings. Sometimes the graphics look a little less than perfect next to photo-realistic graphics in some areas, but again this doesn't really break anything or mess with immersion.[Everyone complaining about the game not working should consider that it is their computer, not the game.]Something that IS broken though, is the Uplay store, which seems to break at the launch of every game and then is fixed after a couple days.-Sungod"
,Recommended,289650,12912356,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Anova's Origin,"Why we were looking for was an AC game, what we got is exactly that, albeit with a few technical issues.If you have the equipment to play this game at a playable level, then you will surely enjoy it (provided ofc, that you've enjoyed the previous AC titles)."
,Recommended,289650,12913415,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,SwagMonsterFlex,"I dont understand the criticism about this game, it's been running like butter on my system. Which, granted is a GTX 970 and i74770k which is quite a bit higer end. But regardless of the technical issues people have been claiming about and I have no doubt that they're there. But the game itself is in my opinion great. It alters the traditional formula that ubisoft has been employing for years making it a refreshing new expierience. One example is the combat, it's now at least somewhat difficult. There were a couple times where I died and not due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t reasons. This is refreshing for assassin's creed, seeing as for the past numerous games the auto ""counter"" was essentially the kill button. They altered the way you approach assassinations too, more like a puzzle analyzing your envrioment careful to take out a target, I also like how there's numerous ways to assassinate different targets. The emphasis on the assassination, and this new planning mechanic towards your meaningful assassinations are rewarding. Perching up on a rooftop plotting your entrance, how you'll assassinate the target and planning your escape route, then seeing it all come together is satisfying. Mechanically the game is solid, no complaints from me, in my opinion Ubisoft perfected the free running aspect of assassin's creed back with assassin's creed II in 2009 and ever since no other game has tried to touch this kind of psuedo-realistic open world gameplay. I do wish that ubisoft was a little more inventive though, it seemed they took the call of duty approach overloading the game with a bunch of weapons that are closer to being the same than different. which I think is just unecessesary. But the only negatives thus far, is that ubisoft was nearly as creative as I wish they were with the weapons, not differentiating them enough from one another. But the level of customization is still robust, so when you play online you're different enough from other players. I personally don't have any friends who own this game. But the one match I played was interesting, coming from someone who normally never even touches the multiplayer of other assassin's creeds I was impressed with the new co-op, essentially missions around the city will indicate how many players can play, and you can either play them by yourself or with a friend or 3 friends online. I still have yet to try the multiplayer out more but it looked interesting as far as I could see. One last bit, the story telling and charecters are top notch, personally as someone who only played assassin's creed, AC2, and Revalations, and AC revaltions in my opinion had the strongest of the storylines, Assassin's creed unity surpasses it, easily. The voice acting is great and the charecters are Memorable. I see Arnos storyline going 3 games deep for sure, all the charecters have a unique background fleshing out the story. Also the complexity of the story has never been such as the one in ACU. I think it's truly quite stellar of a game with only a few minor flaws."
76561198046831762,Recommended,289650,12916470,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Kevin from State Farm®,"people are talking about crashes. I don't have this issue. but yes, there are some bugs like AI(civillians) appeared outa nwhere, not really a big deal, didn't happen to enemies and some minor bugs in movement as well(really not a big deal, I'm sure small update will fix this). I highly recommend following the hardware requirement for the game. I'm currently playing on i7 3770, gtx660 ti. I dropped down all the graphic settings to all lows and 720p to reach just ""playable"" state(yea f*ck Ubisoft). I'm getting r9 290x, hopefully by just upgrading my gpu everything will be nice and smooth."
,Recommended,289650,12916649,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Boobie Pillow,"A lot of people are complaining about the fps drop. AND THEY ARE NOT WRONG. However, it is nowhere as bad as what Watch Dogs was. The storyline has some pretty cliche points in it but the gameplay is still there and for people that want to experience another part of the AC series then its deffinetly still worth the purchase either now or in the future when its cheaper"
76561197966979201,Recommended,289650,12908905,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Little Foot Brontosaurus,The game runs perfect for me and i am having a blast playing it.
,Recommended,289650,12922197,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,[AJSA] FusRoDah23,"If you're a nvidia user and you're lagging try going to the control panel and enabling ""triple buffering"" and disable vsync in game and in the control panel.Overall I am still loving this game 10/10"
,Recommended,289650,12920768,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Kingpin ^^,usually the game is good BUT with problems crashes shut downes lags FPS DROP to 15ill give it 9/10
,Recommended,289650,12915805,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Chet,other than  the 30fps its a great game
,Recommended,289650,12896400,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Khorne Flakes,"My game has run smoother than all of the other reviews are putting it out to be. Yes there is frame♥♥♥♥♥♥occasionally, but it isnt unbearable. I have not had my game crash as others have said. And I am running this game on a laptop with the following specs:intel i7-4810MQ8 gb DDR3Nvidia GTX 860MTurned my settings down a little and it works well enough to still get an enjoyable experience and still looks fairly decent.Now to the gameplay. I have only played some of the solo missions and so far it has pulled me in like all the other assassin's creed games have. Will be tough to stop playing this for a while."
76561198023011099,Recommended,289650,12916200,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Vortex ♀ Pixalation,"This game is running great on a system below min specs and it is packed with content. It is by far the most innovative Assassin's Creed game yet, it adds player progression including custom outfits and loadouts. The characters are likeable and the main character, Arno Victor Dorian is funny and has a interesting personality. Unity has a few bugs but nothing is gamebreaking at all, and will likely be patched. Please note I am not senselessly defending this game, I am trying to act as though I never played a Assassin's Creed game, please know that most of the bad reviews are biased against the game.I hope you consider picking this up I am enjoying it so far."
,Recommended,289650,12909231,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Fluffy,SUPERB!!
,Recommended,289650,12920913,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Four Horseman,"The reason I give this game a recomendation is because of the great gameplay.  A lot of gamers have big issues with Ubisoft in general, which shapes their opinions about their games.  There are, no doubt some issues with framerate and bugs.  These can be fixed; what can not be fixed is flawed gameplay and horrible game mechanics.  I very much enjoy some of the new combat and free running; the storty is engaging and flows nicely.  Ubisoft is an entertainment company, believe it or not, they do not benefit from releasing games with problems.  I am confident that the framerate issues and crashes will be fixed in due time.  Until then, keep watching the forums and reviews."
,Recommended,289650,12919977,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Blanchflower,"First of all, allow me to state my laptop (yes I am playing this game on a laptop) specs. It has a Intel i7 4900MQ processor, 32GB of DDR 3 RAM, 2 TB of Hard Disc and a NVIDIA 780M GTX graphics card.  So looking at the specs, my laptop DOES NOT meet the minimum requirement. Reason being, a 780M GTX is nearly equivalent to a 660 Ti and the minimum graphics requirement is a 680GTX.However, to my pleasant surprise, the game ran smoothly with a few hiccups here and there. Nothing game breaking. The gameplay as well as the graphical aspect of this game is stunning, to say the least. Granted, this is my first venture into the Assassin Creed franchise but in the near future, I plan to play other games within this franchise as well.Lastly, I would like to add that I simply do not understand what the fuss is about UPlay. That to me, is just a very minor inconvenience, that is all."
76561198049828169,Recommended,289650,12927494,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Bowser,good
,Recommended,289650,12927302,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Chewie,"Awesome game, awesome graphics, epic storyline that blows you away.I love this game, DO recommend"
,Recommended,289650,12928746,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Andy,Она♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ь Даже не запустилась пишет APPCRASH !!!
,Recommended,289650,12915674,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,DarkMyth,"What I have played so far has been awesome, extermely good graphics and as a result you will need a high end video card to play my Nvidia GTX 780 is reved up to full power when I am playing on high graphics."
,Recommended,289650,12908427,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,coldfusion,"great fun game.. love the new mechanics and new engine, i have no problem running at max settings with fxaa for AA.Vsync off  running about 40-50 fps playable , occasional stutter but not effecting gameplayRIGI5 4670k @ 4.4GHZ8 GB Ramzotac 780 amp edition"
76561198071962962,Recommended,289650,12885234,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,peterr13,"Whole damn menu screen is white, all buttons are whited out, can't see what i'm supposed to press to parry and dodge and crap. it's damn annoying. no problems with the game itself, unless its a loading screen, then everything is white. game looks great though."
76561198100620611,Recommended,289650,12907524,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TropicFox,"Im not sure what everyone is freaking out about?Game has been awesome so far for me.Only Issue I have is the game will freeze for 5 seconds every 30 minutes or so, and the framerate drops more than it should.  Both of these can be fixed with a patch I imagine."
76561198077169127,Recommended,289650,12912096,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Olivio,"So I see all the reviews for this game, and all the other users beating on its quality, but I would in no way give this game a thumbs down.This game, set on medium graphics, looks absolutely stunning, and actualy better than some other games out there on Ultra settings. My computer runs this game very well, although I will admit to a quick FPS drop every once in a while whenever I run into a larger croud or a riot. The thing is, my PC specs arent the best in the world! I have a AMD FX-6300 3.6GHz, 1 x 8gb stick of DDR3-1333, and a Gigabyte Radeon HD 7870 2GB Video Card. These might be good parts, but I see comments with people miles above me, complaining about the quality, and I fail to see what all the crap is about.As far as game concept goes, I think this is the best AC game yet to be released! A co-op gamestyle has been on the top of my list for years, and It's story line and setting seem to just slide right along with everything else. The freeruning system is at the top of its game, and controlled descent is one of my favorite additions to the series The best part is, for once, I am actualy interested to follow along with the outer story, rather than just the period time setting!Maybe it's just cause I am just such a big fan of the Assassin's Creed series, but I wouldent give this game anything less than a 8.5/10 overall. This game is really better than all the crap it's getting."
76561198075575807,Recommended,289650,12908879,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,aquaterraventusbbs,This game is great. Have not experienced any FPS problems what so ever and the gameplay is amazing.
,Recommended,289650,12929340,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Silk,"NOT INCLUDING PERFORMANCE ISSUES...This game is great in my opinion. The co-op is so much fun even if it is not with your friends and you have to kind of lone wolf it. Story isn't anything special but is way better than Black Flag. Customization is amazing for this game and you can upgrade every item to give it that little bit extra.I would recomend this game to all my friends. And once Ubisoft sort out frame rate problems etc, this will be even better"
,Recommended,289650,12919117,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Saturn,"This game is amazing. Not only does it look good, the facial animations and voice acting is very well done. The story is entriquing from the beginning and it runs very well for me despite all the negative reviews I have seen.I use a NVIDIA GTX770 graphics card and an intel i5-4440 processor, running the game on ultra with AA on x4 still has the game running smoothly for me, though if I turn the AA to x8 or use the TTXA or whatever it is called have the game dropping to 10-20 fps.Props to Ubisoft for making a good game, I was not a big fan of Black Flag and this game really reminds me of 2 and Brotherhood in a good way. Though the minimum requirements are pretty high >.<!Also, combat is freaking tough now, so watch out :x"
76561197995578501,Recommended,289650,12888750,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,RaztaPapoulos,"Well I don,t know if im the only who got this problem but the sounds are all messed up...Sometimes I see the characters lips moving but no sound is comming out, also sometime the sound is so freaking low I can't hear♥♥♥♥♥♥..I feels like they are talking from 50 feets away..so annoying..."
,Recommended,289650,12895275,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Gossett,"After a 6.6 hour gaming session, I'm going to review it, I see many biased reviews crying about only getting 30-40 frames, This game is mean't for next gen consoles, if your PC cannot keep up with that, that is your own fault, I DO NOT have an amazing computer, and I don't have any issues, I get 35-40 FPS on low, as the high graphics are a little extreme for my computer, even at low the graphics are incredibly nice, and still beat most games. I only am having a handful of issues though, It has happened 3 times in 6 hours where I have no-clipped and had to restart my mission, 2 times, on the assassination mission of the man in the church, I fell through the map, and one time running roof to roof assassinating snipers I fell through the map and died. Only once have I had to manually restart the mission because I was running from guards and my guy climbed into the wall, and got me stuck. It did JUST release, so expect a couple bugs, but all-round, this game has a decent story, seems like it is going to be incredibly long (The Into took me an hour) but unlike many other games, the intro doesn't suck.. It was worth $60 I think, don't let all the people with♥♥♥♥♥♥computers, or inability to change there graphics deter you."
76561198000320730,Recommended,289650,12919814,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,PyroManiacXI,"I'm sure i would love this game... it was my favorite period of history to study in school... but sadly i can't even load in the first mission... even though if i understand correctly, i have more than the minimum required specs to play it... I really hope they fix this soon..."
76561198071688520,Recommended,289650,12918193,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Coop2CoopLoL,The Game runs on my computer just fine. What kind of pc are you imaging? for a video game.
76561198055190826,Recommended,289650,12917971,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,the_thorn_mj,"Got my settings right in NV inspector, and it runs on the highest settings, except AA on FXAA, with my GTX 660.Beautiful game, but not far enough into the story to tell much more. Some parts are just too good.Also, I've never died in an AC game this much in a short time! Nice challenge!"
76561198084668859,Recommended,289650,12891134,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sexualized Bolshevik,"Great game, ut very poorly optimized. Jitter, pop-in, and shuttering are in store for buyers of this game. Make sure you have an extremely high-end rig before buying."
,Recommended,289650,13978055,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Flinsh,For poeple who said its laggy buy another cumputer cheap♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,289650,12918388,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Grubs,Ten hours of silent walking through all areas of Paris.100+ instances of physical street harassment.10/10 would walk again.
,Recommended,289650,12889334,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,doN,"Performance so far i ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as hell , i have FPS drops lacks of sound in cutscenes bad depth of voice lag in menu there is plenty of that But game And main character Arno can be compared to ezio real assasin not a bandit or pirat ...."
76561198018497442,Recommended,289650,12927068,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Silent,"My specs:CPU: Intel i5 4460, 3.2 GhzGPU: AMD Radeon R9 270X OCRAM: 8GB DDR3.I have waited the whole year for this game, since the trailer and it was worth waiting, and worth the money I paid for it. I had some doubts when I've read most of the reviews but I am glad I didn't take it in consideration. Those who complain, most likely have wooden PC's or the pirate version is messed up.I can run the game on HIGH settings and I have an I5, 3.2ghz CPU and a R9 270X.So. My advice is, do NOT take the bad reviews in consideration, it's either pirated version of the game or wood computers, THE GAME IS WORTH IT!About the game, it's more than other AC's, besides an awesome story I barely started, there are loads of side-missions, such as murder casefiles.  And the co-op is brilliant, epic, legendary, call it however you want.For the third and last time, DO NOT LISTEN TO THOSE WHO SAY THE GAME ISN'T GOOD, that is false, I run it on i5 4460 and AMD Radeon R9 270X, high settings."
,Recommended,289650,12925702,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Splazing,"I seriously don't know what everyone is on about. At the moment I'm 7 hours into the game and haven't experienced any major bugs or perfomance issues. I've experienced a single noticable frame drop, while using eagle vision. The only bugs I've found were minour once while parkouring, but that seems to be a recurring theme through-out the series. So far the story is alright and I really like what they've done to the combat and customization. I like it! ^_^"
76561198031089033,Recommended,289650,12918257,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,NekitTheRagdoll,"30 fpsNo matter what rig you have, buy it on PS4/XBOXE1"
,Not Recommended,289650,35231538,Posted: 26 September,all,SpacerZ,Another surge of diarrhea from Ubisoft
,Recommended,289650,12929046,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,nahs5,i r8 8/8 m8
,Not Recommended,289650,29389566,Posted: 20 January,all,외계인,"This is one of worst games ever. You can't fly jets or helicopters, and you can't drive tanks or jeeps. WTF! This game is soooo boring, all you do are climb on buildings, bunny-hop rooftop to rooftop, and stab people. WOOOOW! That tooootally does NOT get repetitive and boring at all! I thought this was going to be a shooter game. So disappointed.This game does not even have destructible environment or 64 player per server.Forget this stupid game. I'm going to go back playing Battlefield.At least DICE knows how to make innovative games. Ubisoft releases the same game every year and idiots keep on buying it LOL."
,Recommended,289650,12925739,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,HEYZO- Carribbean,"-Since the first patch has been released, here is my review after playing it for 22hrs+Well, overall the gameplay is great and beautiful. The frame issues has been fixed almost 80% and also the glitches/bugs.The only thing that it doesn't satisfied me is, the optimize settings. It still very poor and hopefully the next major patch will fix em' all.P.S: I suggest you guys those who has the minimum requirement for this game can buy it now, you will be amazed with the gameplay. Just a matter of optimizing issues now.- I will change my review once the 2nd major patch release again.-"
,Recommended,289650,12896441,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Crestbear,"Ok this game may have its unoptimizations but common guys, we should know this with day 1 games, remember black flag when it first came out? well anyway story wize its good but not Great... especially when you have the french revolution going on but it goes on to this love story/ murder mystery sort of plot I guess they got someone new writing the story personaly but it quickly makes up for it in its gameplay It very much reminded me of assassins creed 2 like gameplay and one thing I hate what ubisoft does in every assassins creed is CHANGE THE CONTROL SCHEME.... WHY!!!! but anyway id recommend this game after first patch and its optimizations in the geforce experiance are realeased."
,Recommended,289650,12896017,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Will,"The games combat and story are great. Im taking a liking to the new Helix story they are trying. Yeah theres optimization issues, running in game with a few hiccups on medium. The main menu lags along with any other in-game menu and the cinematics lag. But that will be fixed. overall, glad to be back in AC!"
,Recommended,289650,12919601,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Corrosion,"Great game, fun coop, cool combat.♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization. Even for my pc which is pretty beefy. Weak game over all, needs help with the bugs and glitches you encounter every 2 minutes."
,Recommended,289650,12927800,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,😞 Yung Christ | الله أك,IGN-Gr8 Gaem 8/1/28 wolud paly tagt one agin
,Not Recommended,289650,35242889,Posted: 27 September,all,DimDamDuweeh™,"Worst Assassin's Creed ever, even after many updates It's still the worst especially the fighting mechanics and scenery in the game. They took everything from  Black Flag and made a game entirely opposite from it. The story wasn't appealing at all for me. Also I stopped playing after 1 hour because it crashed and I didn't had any motivation to continu with the game."
,Recommended,289650,12920457,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Amatwiedle,"A guy in the assassin den farts every couple of minutes, 10/10"
,Recommended,289650,16539222,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,LeviusDD,Pc is too bad to run this game? xDDD Guess what? 80% of reviews could not even run it on high settings without getting low fps... Thats a shame because the same people loved GTA 5 and WITCHER 3 that would not run on their pc's eather. Too bad.
,Recommended,289650,12918607,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Remorseless Eatin' Machine,"I have no idea what everyone is complaining about, I have not had a single crash or lag issue so far. The gameplay is living up to expectations. I reccommend."
,Recommended,289650,35208090,Posted: 25 September,all,My One And Only,Dis Game my prends Bery good it is lit af
76561198016943410,Recommended,289650,12971098,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,快跑啊,"Why elise die? why? i love the story when starting,but when i see the ending, i feel like wtf!! WHY? UBISOFT WHY THEY CANT TOGETHER? WTF ? ,but i enjoy the co-op with my friends!!!"
,Not Recommended,289650,33123735,Posted: 2 July,all,Arafat40411,this is a mother♥♥♥♥in piece of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game in the world. you all ugly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gamers.
76561198064527406,Recommended,289650,21367839,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TeeLight,"Did I hate this game? No. Did I love this game? No. It's decidedly meh. When the game is working correctly it's beautiful. When it's working normally it's a mess of people walking on top of each other and glitching out. It's an Assissin's Creed game. Run around, climb stuff, kill stuff, listen random French words. If you want to play it get it cheap and enjoy it. One thing is that the DLC is awful. Even by AC standards. It barely works, it's boring, and a total waste of time. Don't play it. If you like AC games give it a whirl, if you don't like them you can be guilt free skipping this one."
76561197995729074,Not Recommended,289650,21328674,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,boinker2k2,"This game is, without a doubt, the worst game in the series.  The gameplay changes are so terrible they actually make me not want to play any other Assassin's Creed game.  And I've tried so hard to get through this game.  No matter what everyone else said, I was going to get through this.I can't run away from enemies, I can't fight the enemies, I can't shoot the enemies because the game moves me once I've lined up a target and fired.  WTF Ubisoft?  I hope important people got fired for the horrible POS you spent years working on.  Take a lesson from Rocksteady Games - don't change the damn gameplay, just tweak it and make it smoother.  Black Flag and Rogue were perfect games, but after Unity, I'm deleting my entire AC lineup from my computer, and I wish there were a ""burn to ashes"" option in Steam, because I will never again touch anything associated with Ubisoft."
76561198155721182,Recommended,289650,21328878,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Stealthy Blade,i need help i did not get an activation cod for assassins creed unity and i dont know how to get it back
76561197980210376,Recommended,289650,21329375,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Barna,despite the really bad optimization... ubisoft today surprised me with a XAudio2_7.dll file fix.now I don't have to rename this file in windows system 32 folder to play this game!!!cool!!great game to explore paris from 1700's... beautiful!!!the gameplay in black flag is so much better!!!!! (hey!!! maybe black flag and blood dragoon don't crash anymore!!!)but the parkour in unity is so fluid... thumbs up!!!7/10
76561198158759095,Recommended,289650,21415134,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Zenwarmaker Gaming,I recommend this game to people who dont look for graphics but gameplay even though there are some minor Bugs
76561198077026122,Not Recommended,289650,21356699,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Flynn Shady,Wouldn't even load.
76561198148629176,Recommended,289650,29475587,Posted: 24 January,all,NEDangerously,"*The following contains spoilersThe gameplay is okay. I thoroughly believe that this game (along with Syndicate) have some of the best parkour elements with how seemless it is compared to the earlier games. The animations just flow together, making it feel more natural. However, I believe that the combat is meh. Sometimes, the sword and heavy weapon play feel very sluggish at times. While you get some satisfaction out brutally murdering your enemies, it feels like a chore. It doesn't really feel based on skill, rather about making your character as OP as possible to beat them easily. That's another thing about this game. It's either too easy because you're too OP or it's too hard because the AI beats you based on level not skill. The worst part is when then they try to push these co-op missions. I don't know about everyone else, but when I try to play alone, it says I can't. I really wish the game would have catered those missions to both single player and multiplayer, but that just nitpicking at this point.The graphics are top notch and I love the detail that went into this open world. The beauty of France in this game is top notch and I was blown away by the beautiful skyline, the realistic weather effects, and the realistic details that went into each building and street. However, good graphics don't make a good game. The performance I got with this game is 50/50. I played on 1440p, high settings, V sync off on a 980 Ti. On most of the game, I got a consistent 60 fps. It never went above which makes me wonder if Ubisoft capped the game due to its terrible performance at launch. However, in other scenes, it would would sometimes dip to the 40's, mid 30's. But credit to Ubisoft, due to the frame pacing, it was a smooth experience. But it's still disappointing that this game didn't run at a smooth 60, at least.One thing Assassin's Creed always had was a crap ton of missions to do throughout all of its open worlds. However, most of them aren't all that great. Most missions just have you doing the same things over and over. Kill this guy, kill that guy, destroy this, destroy that. I wish that instead of having multiple missions doing the same thing, we got less missions with more substance. I'd rather play a mission that is memorable rather than the average ""Oh, take out this Templar base"" or ""Kill this guy for no reason other than we couldn't come up with a better way to implement this. It's just fodder for completionists.You may have noticed I haven't talked about the story and there's good reason for that. It sucks. You play as Arno Victor Dorian, Templar kills off family member, Assassin gets revenge, yada, yada, yada. Rather than playing to bring justice, you're playing for a vendetta. And it's not even the reason you become an assassin. Arno becomes an assassin because his girlfriend is a Templar, kicks him out because he didn't deliver a message to her father, warning him about his death simply because he was too busy flirting with Elise. He proceeds to join the brotherhood, break every rule in said brotherhood, and become a master assassin, somehow. Elise and Arno make up, take down the new Templar order and kill the bad guy. Honestly, Arno is the worst assassin i've ever played as. He breaks every rule in the brotherhood, he never consults said brotherhood about any of his actions, and he whines. A LOT.  He makes Altair look better in comparison. This story is just bad and only done to imitate French love stories.Overall, this game is a 6/10. I only recommend playing if you care about the gameplay more than the story. However, if you want a good story, you're better off getting Assassin's Creed 2. I prefer gameplay which is the only reason I recommend this game."
76561198067539135,Recommended,289650,29527883,Posted: 27 January,all,TommySalami,its meh
,Recommended,289650,29555332,Posted: 28 January,all,PhoenixEmbers,"I originally preordered tbis game when it was first available, because the story occurred during my favorite time period. The game was awful, it lagged, it skipped, it crashed. Ubisoft had released it too early, and the patches weren't coming in fast enough. So I waited. NowI can't stop playing. Assassin's Creed is my favorite ame series, and Unity is absolutely my favorite.  Now that everything is corrected, the game runs smoothly, sound is crisp, motion is fluid, it's an incredible game. The only problem is sometimes there is massive lagging on co-op, but that could be my internet not being as fast as my teammates. Overall, 9/10"
,Recommended,289650,29563629,Posted: 29 January,all,War hawk,"1 of the best game i hav played has some bugs but is greatthe story is not too good but okthe coop is fantastic""unite"""
,Recommended,289650,22293958,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Kratos,"Good game, still some bugs, most with ai, they are not smart as in other ac, like when seeing dead body doing nothing after few sec. Still end of the story was really dissapointing for me. But i enjoyed whole game. Lots of changes from previous ac, game is a challange even if you are really well geared. Good game worth playing."
76561198195042341,Recommended,289650,29502778,Posted: 26 January,all,Arent Olofzz0n,this is a great game whit a quite good story. the online co-op is one of the best assassins creed multiplayer so far!
,Recommended,289650,29552941,Posted: 28 January,all,Wisecannon,"Couple of things off the top. I love the AC universe, I have played almost all of them and several of them to 100% completion on Xbox. This was an okay game.TL:DR - Decent game, stream lined weapon management, they attempted to improve free running. I highly suggest playing it in french with english subtitles. All the characters of British accents otherwise it seems.Story:It was okay. It doesn't advanced the Assassin vs Abstergo story at all and I don't know where it fits in the over all AC story but it was fun to run around revolutionary Paris for 30-40 hours. If you are a history buff and like this time period you will enjoy the game. I recommend playing this in french with subtitles to get the best effect. Unlike in Ezio's stories where they had the proper accents to the english all the characters sound like they are from London, England which was very distracting until I made the change.On Co-op:I've heard people complaining about the co-op missions getting in the way or breaking the game but I disgree with that assessment so I want to address it first. I did do it once but it now suffers from a very small player base which means for some of the co-op missions that you need 4 members for you simply won't find a match which is fustratin.Skill tree and upgrading equipd:These are back/in this game, you can have different types of melee weapons such as heavy, one-handed, etc. Fustratingly the assassin blade is no longer a ""weapon"" but rather something you can ONLY use when not detected unless you knock someone to the ground and spec into using it. You now need to unlock talents through points and there are many options for gear all era specific. They stream lined this but most combat styles end up functioning the same.Free running:They tried to improve it and did in someways but broke it in others. The ability to run through buildings and explore buildings necessarily meant they had to change it but the effect was the free running didn't always work great and was fustrating compared to other AC games.Overall: Decent game that has been patched and I had none of the issues that plagued this game at the start. I would buy on sale, however, the DLC is nothing to write home about as perusual with AC games and you don't need to buy it if you don't want to."
76561198057987796,Not Recommended,289650,16990192,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Pumpamannen,"6 Months since release. I thought that maybe, just maybe, ac unity would be playable. First thing that happens, surprise, it crashes and i am forced to reboot my computer. 9/11 would regret again."
,Not Recommended,289650,17001653,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Doctor Fox,"I'm a huge fan of the Assassin's Creed series, but this is hands down the worst experience I have ever had from both an Assassin's Creed and Ubisoft title. The game has more bugs than I care to mention, frequently crashes, and the multiplayer is a laggy hunk of crap (enemies and players teleporting, with no rhyme or reason). Multiplayer objectives are also very poorly structured.Also, why are all the French people speaking with various English accents?"
76561197985585735,Recommended,289650,17003289,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Kcry,"Interesting start to the game, but the graphics need improvement, its a bit glitchy, hard to tell how the complete experience of the game will be yet"
76561197997604558,Recommended,289650,17044354,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Tommy Lee Bomba,"I would say it's not the best AC in the market, but it's still a great game. If you have a bunch of friends to play with, the coop missions can be great fun. The graphics are great, but then again it may lag depending on your pc config. Ok, the storyline is not the best either, but sometimes we just want to kill kill kill !!! My advice is, wait for a special and get it!"
76561198042278666,Not Recommended,289650,17071147,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Feldwebel44,"This game has been out for months! Months! And they still have not solved the stuttering issue! I thought maybe my PC mighte handle it differently than all those poor souls in the review section... I'm an idiot!If you think your PC will be different, or immune to these MASSIVE GRAPHIC ISSUES, you're wrong!  The game is unplayable. What a dissapointment. So much potential, wasted on a terribly built game.JUSTDON'TBUYIT!!!"
,Not Recommended,289650,17072311,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Legume,"might be good on another porti wont be finding out, while the bugs were annoying they werent as bad to me as the crappy mechanics for fighting and stealthwishing i had my 60 bucks right now"
,Not Recommended,289650,17023025,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,demonofshoes,"i recently tried this after having it in my steam library since the summer sale, thinking it was long enough that they would have patched all the major issues. store page said last patch was in feburary and during gameplay i encountered:some iffy frame ratesone game breaking glitch that meant a restartwindows that my character insisted dancing around instead of going in the damn thingscombat that seemed broken (people kept taking their guns out with little indication or real way to avoid)and a major graphical glitch during the rift levels that actually made me feel ill.think ubisoft should focus more on the pc port next time or they may get slated again (unity experience has made me a lot less eager for sindicate)"
,Recommended,289650,13455781,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zozó Prolé,"Fill with bugs, totally not able to play it, with only 10 ~22 fps this game (still) impossible to play, AC United to fail :/I might change my recomendation in the future if they fix tthis problem.6/10Edit1: After a loong period of time the game became incredible! Such great title could've been a masterpiece, but the greedy made it impossible, but now after tons of patches and fixes the game is running properly. A must buy with 25% / 50% / 75% discount"
76561198012396043,Not Recommended,289650,19377155,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,KwaggaDan,"It's running better than it used to, but there are two main gripes. One, is the camera is too close most of the time. Especially in combat, where you need to focus on multiple enemies, but all you can see is the guy in front of you. The second criticism is that a lot of info in the game isn't really taught. It's one thing to increase the difficulty, but it's another to not tell the player something, and then continuously press X to die."
76561197980372335,Recommended,289650,19381394,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Francis,Works better than the xbox one version for me by letting me play co-op with someone on the same network.
76561198077485487,Not Recommended,289650,19481533,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mr Bagetti,"This is a terrible game.I am a HUGE fan of the AC series, I love the concept of dual story lines intertwined between the centuries, the gameplay, all of it. But since Ezio this series has taken a turn for the worse, with Black Flag only bearable for having the ship mechanic going on. In theory, the setting and gameplay of Unity is an improvement for me and a return to what made the earlier games better in my opinion. But in reality the gameplay is horrible. Combat is clunky and overly difficult, the controls are as inprecise as ever, and it rarely gets above 40fps on a i5 4690k and GTX 970. I regret buying it 100% even though it was on a good sale. Would not recommend this game to anyone but a masochist."
,Recommended,289650,19397251,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TrustNo1,"Playing on Windows 10 - manage around 40-50 fps. Not bad but prefer it to be better as I can play Rogue on Max settings getting nearly 90 fps. Also, the game does feel a bit like a port from Console so the draw distance (Which is unchangable) is fairly poor as things up close look amazing and great but as things get further away, a distant memory of GTA IV on low settings comes back with distant objects becoming weird blob-like outlines with a miss match of colour, texture and shadow. Also, random NPC drop in, so watch out for that! One women scared me so much when she appeared right in my face.Anyway, bad bits over.The game is beautiful and amazing and looks very realistic. A sort of 'L.A. Noire' feel to the mouth movements as the actions are very good and match very well to the voice acting. There isn't too much frame rate drop either, even when there is a scene with over 100 NPC's, it ran perfectly.The bugs: Okay, so there are still a few bugs and the climbing of buildings is not perfect on the Xbox controller, and far more accurate on the keyboard and mouse for me. The bugs are still there and sometimes noticable but lets just say, Ubisoft learn't there lesson with this one and it damaged pre-order sales of Rogue. The storyline is fairly good but lacks the modern day feel but the sequel to Syndicate is suppose to incorporate the modern day again and in a better light.If you are a fan of the Assassins Creed series then I would say buy it in a sale. (At time of writing it is 50% off (Obama - Not Bad)) and that makes it worth its money - not the full price. But still a nice feature to the franchise."
,Not Recommended,289650,19432508,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,manny_gt,"If you're experiencing fps ""hiccups"" every 3-5 seconds then immediately ask for a refund. There are no solutions about this issue."
,Not Recommended,289650,12943338,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Blyatman,"EDIT December 2015: The game is slightly playable now. Kind of. I have a rig that runs games like The Witcher 3, Battlefield, 4, Far Cry 4, etc. on highest settings with perfect 60+ FPS, and I barley scratch 40 on this, with dips to 25. Not to mention the constant crashing... Still, it's better than the 12FPS and inability to launch 9/10 times that there was on launch. Still not recommending.For gameplay, Unity is a pretty enjoyable game. New climbing mechanics and traversion controls - albeit a little unpolished - allow for more of the climby-jumpy-runny-stabby gameplay of the Assassin's Creed franchise. The world feels more alive too; you can properly go inside buildings, and this adds a whole new level of depth. As for stealth, it's alright, same as the other games really. Cover and hiding and escaping work just fine, except the ""Press E for takedown"" is very unresponsive, at least for me. Combat is a little more fluid yet more basic, back to ACB stlye. Plot is what you'd expect from an AC game: an era of history altered and dramatised with Assassins and Templars woven into it to create a need for bad♥♥♥♥♥hoods and robes. One thing that breaks the plot a bit is that EVERYONE has an English accent. Everyone. This game is made in Canada, yet they couldn't find anyone with a French accent? But gameplay itself really is pretty good.Such a shame you can't play it. Overall, the game is pretty good. It's fun, it's got depth, and it's got a steady set of new mechanics and Co-Op is an interesting new feature (when it works). Still, Not recommended . Ubisoft has f***ed people around too long, and now they've pulled some crap about a new game next year being announced. ""Oh, so this game is broken? Let us work on a new one while we neglect to fix the old one.""  D**kheads. As for the game itself, it's really not too bad, when it works. But I just can't encourage people to shovel out money to greedy, selfish developers. Stay well away from Unity until all issues are fixed; maybe then it will be worth whatever sale price it's on. I reccomend you play the game, but not buy it (I hope you get what I mean). I wouldn't give your money to these guys."
,Recommended,289650,19446298,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dazrael21,"I have played all of the Assassin's Creed games (Black Flag my favourite). I left off buying Unity when I heard about the terrible issues on release, but then it came up on a Steam sale, so ...The graphics are very good,I haven't witnessed very many of the hideous comical bugs that caused so much hilarity (bit disappointed about that, actually).The street life of Paris is fantastic - maybe it's a bit tame for what I was expecting. Or maybe I'm a bit bloody-minded.The story is more engaging than I thought it would be (but not all that great).Some of the side missions are very amusing.The worst problem is the controls:Arno sticks to the most inappropriate bits of game furniture (a long-standing problem in♥♥♥♥♥Creed, and seemingly worse than ever in Unity),He very often chooses bizarre climbing routes - it feels like he's actively trying to resist the player's control. Which is creepy, if you think about it too much.I also spend a lot of time desperately trying to cancel some useless action I've somehow triggered, like reloading mid-melee.Very often, he dodges around the route I actually want him to take - it's can be like threading a needle while drunk.And the cover mechanic is awful - it's not at all smooth or reliable.Combat is... different. Arno certainly isn't as deadly as his predecessors, or at least not under my control. It's a lot harder to fend off a large crowd of enemies in this game.Overall though... worth buying on sale. But be prepared to swear at Arno and his antics."
76561198207537745,Not Recommended,289650,19451054,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DemonMadd,"I actually can't say I recommend or not because I haven't played this game yet, because whenever I try to go in it says ACU.exe stopped working plz can anyone help me!!???"
76561198074634126,Not Recommended,289650,19451226,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Hatter,Wasn't well enough optimized to even play the game 10/10
76561198048335903,Recommended,289650,13166850,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kuul'tar,"I have played more than 50 hours on Unity, so I have my fair share of experience of this game.7.5/10Pros-Excellent time, the idea of fighting during the French Revoulution is a great idea, wish the main story focused more on the revoulution than Arno's love life, but I understand that it was necessary to show the flavor to Arno's personality. I also wish you got to spend more time with Napoleon.Personality, Best likeable assassin since Ezio. Excellent Personality, not the brick wall, emoitionless Connor; not the scallywag, total d-bag pirate of Edward Kenway. Not the badass OG Altair. But still a pretty awesome assassin.Story, not as good as a story as black flag (AC4 is still my favorite), but still good, probably my third favorite storyline.Customization: finally customization in an AC game, dont have to be Assassin whiteCo-op: When it works, it's awesome, the combat is not OP like in the other games (just counter and win) and it is actually a challenge.Faffing about, most fun faffing about in this game than any AC game besides black flag. When it comes to doing random, non-story stuff, this game had it nailed down.Cons-Frame rate: Yes, sometimes it drops below 40 fpsGlitches:- Sometimes the AI in a mission (co-op) doesn't move so you can't complete it.- Rarely you fall through the world.- Sometimes you can see random AI that aren't walking normally, but are walking straight up- you can fall into a building that you aren't suppose to access that has no doors or windows that you can access.- you can randomly jump into the carts of hay- no, not into the HAY, but in the cart, Arno is standing up, walking in the cart of hay. SometimesSave corruption: heard of people getting it, never had it happen to meOverall: 7.5/10, love the game, love the story, love the assassin personality, love the customization.But I HATE the glitches."
,Not Recommended,289650,13167184,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Alvaus,"Honestly, this game was incredibly frustrating and I had to stop playing it several times. I think the only thing that kept me going was the love of the series but there were so many bugs that I'd honestly recommend not buying it til they fix it."
76561198079660899,Not Recommended,289650,13026334,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,caseygreer2,This game sucks
76561198061384799,Not Recommended,289650,13026475,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,racoon_ab,"The Game is fine, Except ALL the bugs.Ubisoft support is terrible, My Game crashed while writing save file.This partial save file uploaded the Uplay cloud sync.The game become unplayable.Opened support ticket on ubisoft site but took them few days to answer.Meanwhile for some reason the game progress restarted.The new save file uploaded to Uplay.Back to square one.Called ubisoft support, the can do nothing.Not worth the Money!"
76561198072143768,Not Recommended,289650,13027075,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Waschbaer,Worst story imaginable! Unfinished gameplay! Boring Missions! Just a overhyped game to make money! Never buying a Ubisoft game again!
,Not Recommended,289650,13027682,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Shringar,This game lag as f**k you should not buy it!!
,Not Recommended,289650,12911436,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Vermillion,"Updated after sinking more time inSummary: Its a tick like AC3 was, rather than a tock like AC2 or AC Black flag was. Fun but has AI flaws and is still horribly optimized. Major resource usage and can freeze or have a fps plummet, the patch was a basically a salve to a 3rd degree burn, eases the problem by fixing graphical stutter, part of the floor falling issue (now you can only get stuck up to your waist!), and co-op connection problems but it needs some serious surgery. Get it on sale or if you are a big fan (and have a reallly powerful computer) Details below.Environment:They've finally brought back the feel of running around you had in AC1 and the earlier games in the 2 series. And its finally about assassin's doing assassin things again!Running around, climbing and transitions are incredibly smooth and flow nicely, it is more inutitive and random ejections from several hundred feet up seem like they will be much less of an issue, as you just need to move in a direction to drop off smaller ledges and pass over windows.  There aren't as many ""wonky"" corners (where two points are misaligned and you can't actually move from one to another even if they're adjacent to one another) or akward transitions that you would see from Revelations, AC3 or AC4. However because of this ease anyone who played the older AC games might get stuck on these smaller ledges like I often do, because the old inputs to hop off any ledges, will not work on these ""smaller"" ledges often causing you to walk off, hop to another ledge/climbing point or freeze in place.Cover:The cover mechanic seems like it could have had alot of potential, but seems like a poorly adapted attempt at more recent splinter cell series' cover system. It is incredibly clunky and transitioning is near impossible. In addition cover is generally useless the vast majority of the time as the environment is not properly set up for it. Cover is treated in a sort of ""box"" format, you can drop into cover on one side of the box, but there is no way to transition to another side of it. If there is a chair or other object in the way you are halted in your tracks, if the surface is round you may be able to follow the curve but stick out like a sore thumb or get stuck on some invisible edge. Additionally the AI's normal patrol pathing is incredibly poor for any decent usage of cover kills.. At best cover is for getting around an indoor area, as cover kills tend to be a one off attack, that leads into fighty time.Combat/Murdering/Detection:Combat is harder and the AI far more punishing both damage wise. Tools are more fun to use outside of combat, but are far less practical inside combat. While its far easier to switch between tools now with a 1-3/4-8 key choice, the animation or priority for using them is no longer as high, so oftentimes you have to mash a key in combat to deploy a tool causing you to not use it when you need it but use too many of it when you don't want to. You can no longer punch people or grapple with them or toss them off tall buildings.Air and Ledge assassinations are no longer really a thing. The range of air assassinations has become incredibly short, incredibly loud and easily foiled by a random awing or planter box. Similarly ledge assassinations are no longer very useful, most enemies will stop too far inside doors/windows to be reached through quiet ledge assassinations, and any others will almost CERTAINLY detect you on your way up, or even if you are on the ledge below them because balconies are designed like this: =. Essentially you can only ledge them at waist height, but they can shoot you if you can see their ankles or knees.  Generally speaking its almost a better choice to kill someone from above, or from long range than from directly below them. In addition, you get double air assassinations very late into the game, sort of like this sentence.Combat is offset with Detection issues near AC3 wonkyness. The AI will usually detect you FAIRLY fast, sometimes even through cracks in the environment such as a hole in a barricade, or if you decide to crouch inside a angry mob of two hundred citizens. However the reaction time of the AI is a bit slow, you can easily run up to them and do a loud double asssination without them even going to an approach/search status. However they ""react"" into red status very fast. You could have one enemy that has detected you, and if you berserk blade/phantom blade them everyone in the neighborhood through six walls knows you shot him. Once the enemies enter red combat status, its like poking a hornets nest, every enemy in a relatively large radius will come swarming out of the literal walls to murder your♥♥♥♥♥ and they will keep swarming and swarming untill you are dead.It's relatively easy to lose field of vision, as you can just climb up a nearby roof or through a window, but almost EVERY enemy has a gun, a very deadly and accurate gun that will knock you off your wall, its nearly impossible to climb to safety if attacked by more than 4-5 enemies at once. and extremely difficult with 3. Once you have escaped successfully the enemy will doggedly try to pursue you by running around the sides of the building, gone are the enemies that would climb after you, though they may jump through low level windows after you.Customization, co-op, multiplayer and ""Black box"" single player/assorted other single player:Customization is sort of mixed, while gear customization is reasonably on par with varying stat/consumble changes and whatnot, skill customization is basically an additional hurdle to block what you normally would have gotten through story progression in the first place. Getting the ability to shoot guns, throw certain tools, double assassinate, air assassinate or even attack properly now requires you to have a certain amount of points AND progress through a certain point in the story. The only two trees that seem to be actually diverse/augments are the stealth and health trees (outside of the abilities to double assassinate), where the ranged and melee trees seem to just be things you SHOULD be able to do but can't do yet in the name of customizing.The co-op missions are basically closer to what the old AC missions were like. Relatively long, but linear in objectives. They can be extremely easy or incredibly hard based on your approach, but it always seems to deleve into eventually brute force/overwhelming with numbers. Several of your obtainable ""skillpoints"" are strewn across the space of a mission but fairly often they're off the beaten path and several minutes into the woods in placement, unless you know they are there chances are you won't find them unless you get horribly horribly lost.Repetition is encouraged for co-op as certain skillpoints can't be obtained without specific skills, and you cannot obtain all the gear pieces for a mission without multiple runs.Multiplayer: Coming soon (not implemented yet)Black box single player: Fairly fun gives you multiple routes in and multiple ways of murdering a guy. Sometimes its less than intuitive which requires slight planning and alot more waiting in your approach, sometimes I wish it were more complex or longer.The puzzles/murder mysterys are fun but do not show up on your world map automatically without real money transactions. The assassin missions are straightforward objective runs that give details into individuals and events during the time period."
76561197977833275,Not Recommended,289650,13027960,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Götterdämmerung69,This is a fraud! No English in my country in release. But nothig about it was said in preorder page!
76561198058581818,Recommended,289650,13176165,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SquirrelzNinja,"I love this game. no bugs or gliches for me. its a blast. Theres so many bad reviews but I havnt had any trouble with it. I think lots of people forgot that this game is next gen, as in on the console versions you have to have an xbox 1 or ps4, so if your computer is a bit old school then you wont be able to play this game. me and my friend bought the game at the same time to play together and his computer could not handle it but I had no problems."
,Recommended,289650,13087487,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Odyssey JUAL WALLET,"As an AC fan i loved this game, graphic is so damn next gen, but it's still need so much improvements, bug/glitch fix, etc,ovrall for me, before its fixed 6,5/10"
76561198042466021,Not Recommended,289650,13092548,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Climbs Trees,Worst game I have ever played.
,Recommended,289650,13093837,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,KoJeT_,Untill update 3 rolls out This is what I have to say.  The game itself is not bad.  When it works its fun and really well thought out.  But Its broken.  Which no does not make it a bad game Just... painful to play.
76561198095635854,Not Recommended,289650,12936017,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,MRmag27,I saw this and i changed my review after I saw this♥♥♥♥♥♥https://pbs.twimg.com/media/B21dcUfCIAAURUW.jpg:largeIF YOU DONT CARE ABOUT PC THEN DONT PUT GAMES ON IT PISSPOT
76561198126675706,Not Recommended,289650,13126438,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,snapidog,"this game is slow, lags and chrases way to often"
76561198034019592,Not Recommended,289650,13127480,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,dimas,I thought the patch would help and I might have seen some better fps but I couldn't even get passed the first cutscene. Seems as though you must have a super computer to run this on low. I can't give a full review because I can't even play the game.
76561198158834180,Not Recommended,289650,13130971,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Rustyday,"I bought This Game because It Looked interesting, and I met all of the system requirements, on my new computer I bought this SUmmer. I Have not yet even been able to enter the game, and steam will not give a refund. I would have done better throwing $60 into the trash. DO NOT ATTEMPT TO BUY THIS GAME.As a side note the steam support system has been highly unhelpfull, I feel like I live in a communist country, where I have no rights, and therefore I have nothing but bad things to say about steam as a whole."
76561198030804744,Recommended,289650,13132367,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,PoroLicker,"It getting better after patch 3, keep up the good work Ubisoft. I really enjoy every single scene and momemnt inside this game, this game deserve to list as a true next gen title. I do enjoy the story as well, Arno live his life by prioriting Elise in the first place, the love story is beautiful but I think you guys are able to expand it more. AC2 was a big success not because of the gameplay but the story you guys created, it's amazing. Keep it up!"
76561198048035345,Not Recommended,289650,12937380,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Inkspot,stared a cutscene acu.ex has stoped working ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft its like watchdogs all over again there is no lag 4 me but RANDOM CRASHES UBISOFT PLEASE JUST LET ME PLAY YOUR GODDAMN GAMEthe story is well scripted and graphs are really good but A LOT OF RANDOM CRASHESwhen i first played the game i played it for 1 hour without a crash but now i cant play the game dont buy it yet.♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT PATCH THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!UPDATEok i can atleast play the game it does lag a little in the menus but the game is playeble now and its funbut you need a beastly pc to play itANOTHER UPDATEWTF ubisoft its so fricking laggy i got a beastly pc and i cant play the ♥♥♥♥ing game dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥indie games are better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥ANOTHER UPDATEok i got the problem fixed i mean its not fixed but i can play the game with low lag just restart the game and it will be fine (not %100) but ubisoft really needs to patch this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,289650,12937462,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Dingfire,"Much better after the update 1.3, the crashes have gone down by 90%. Otherwise a flipping amazing game! you'll love it."
76561198082145152,Not Recommended,289650,13519673,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Auntie Clarabell,"UN-BLEEDING-PLAYABLEi'm sure the game is amazing when it works, but the menu screen graphics are just a mess of white where you can just about see the play, options ect buttonsthen when you click play you get a lovely video (where you can see graphics) for all of around 6 seconds before it crashes completely ... yay"
,Not Recommended,289650,13519956,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[TBC] melts,"Even with a decent computer you have to run it at low to get a decent fps and even then you probably wont get a good fps, also the amount of bugs are unbelievable. Not worth £45"
76561198027398734,Not Recommended,289650,13489097,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,no,"Severe performance problems. I've had this game only since after Patch 4, and I've found it almost unplayable. The game pre Patch 4 must have been precisely unplayable."
76561198044098127,Not Recommended,289650,13505469,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jupiter,Terrible game. Good job ruining assassins creed. Who ever the ♥♥♥♥ thought removing unarmed combat and the ability to die accidently from jumping off the wrong point and putting in a pay to win system deserves to be shot....I cant emphasize how much hate i have for your company. ♥♥♥♥ you guys and ♥♥♥♥ your inability to tailor to your customers.....
,Not Recommended,289650,13509546,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,bayoubandit,Still needs a lot of patches
76561198115511519,Recommended,289650,13475847,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Loord19,Pretty good game but it needs some work on!
,Not Recommended,289650,13476275,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,acrippledmonkey,Patch 4 and still unplayable. Admittedly I have only a GTX 660 but everything else is speced out and the framerate is horrible unless I turn the graphics settings to the minumin and then it looks like crap. All that and the usual UPlay annoyances makes for one big NO; most disappointing game of the year for me.
76561198059359318,Not Recommended,289650,13477917,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,LinaLikesNeilYoung,"Can't even play it, so ♥♥♥♥ing laggy and bugged. Feels like a waste of money, I really hope that in future I can play it but until there DON'T BUY IT."
,Not Recommended,289650,13478337,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Pizza le Hutt,"The game is unplayable, and I don't speak about only fps drops, i get 1fps everywhere even the game settings set to low or with the lowest resolution (And I could play on Black Flag with an average of 60-70 fps on ultra settings and 1920*1080 resolution). All my drivers are up to date. I can easily play on other games, like far cry 4.THANKS A LOT UBISOFT !"
76561198140299812,Not Recommended,289650,13478430,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Hamer,"Multiplayer is not working properly, i can only see myself a bunch of times on the Members List in My Club. One of the biggest reasons i purchased this game was to play with a buddy of mine.Ubisoft keeps disappointing (Watch_Dogs, enough said...) They are just as bad as EA.If Tom Clancy's The Division ends up the way i fear, then i am boycotting Ubisoft."
76561198088158718,Recommended,289650,13525891,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sir_Meshberg,"although there are a few glitches here and there, it ran very well, and holds up to the continued excellence of the Assassin's creed series, over all a great game"
,Not Recommended,289650,12896381,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,PostmodernBoxers,its garbage m8
,Not Recommended,289650,12928017,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Marcelus,Don't buy this game. Is broken (even with patches) and there are no refunds.
76561198143703493,Recommended,289650,13783941,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,peterironfist21,"If you can actually get past uplay and your computer doesn't melt and the game runs on more than 1 fps and it loads textures more than 10 meters from you ,you can kinda see how great this game could've been. The game is playable but it just doesn't look good as I said you can see what they tried to do and how it was supposed to look but it fails somewhere along the way .However at a 33% discount it's worth buying."
,Not Recommended,289650,13545973,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ace,"WTF is wrong with this game. I have an High-End Gaming PC but the game doesn't work. No connection to Uplay, Bugs, Performace problems and more. And when I try to start the game it stars and then the game comes to an ERROR. UBISOFT sucks. I'm a big fan of the Assassin`s Creed - Series but this game is the worst of all. You can't play this game. At last I want to say that Arno is a ♥♥♥♥♥assassin."
76561198018400650,Not Recommended,289650,13584983,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Igniz,Absolutely unplayable :-(The very first cinematic produced a hefty 9 FPS experience and a subsequent game-crash for me :-(
76561198128137937,Not Recommended,289650,13599520,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Qwerty,"this game is a mess, i already know its a great game but the bugs, glitches, frame rate is a complete disaster, if you want to properly enjoy this game you might want to get it on a console where you can acutally play it for more then 15 minutes without it crashing."
76561198078112313,Not Recommended,289650,13086538,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,19penrhyn,"I love AC but this is too much, The thing keeps crashing, My machine is old but not bad - 32gig Ram i7 3930  pros.,  my vid card is a 680; that could use an upgrade but in spec. I have never spent $60 bucks on a game this buggy. I hope the genius that said this is ready for prime time gets canned.Actuallyl, I think the story might be good and if the thing worked it might be a good game. But right now I want my money back. Black Flag was so good; what a letdown…"
76561198014796924,Not Recommended,289650,13705481,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Storm Forge,Plays terrible. Very unrefined. Was a major Assassins Creed fan up until this release. Dont buy this its a waste of money
,Not Recommended,289650,12920920,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,hamtetutu,"Initially, I was worried that this game might not run well on my PC after having read so many negative reviews. However, after having tried out the game for myself, it wasn't as bad as I had expected. In fact, it's similar to many games ported to PC on their release day. With minor glitches such as missions getting stuck or stuttery problems, it does affect the overall gaming experience. It's also disappointing that with my rig, I can only play on high settings to achieve 20-50+fps.  Looking back, Assassins Creed Revelations, 3 and Black Flag had similar issues too on their release.My PC Specs: Intel i7-3770k 3.50ghz, geforce gtx 780, RAM 8GB.. (And an SSD, not sure which)As for the gaming experience, I like the fact that the mechanics have reverted slightly back to Assassin's Creed 2 and Brotherhood. The 'medicine' system instead of health regeneration and stupider Guard AIs have always made the game more enjoyable to me.Oh yes, the map is way too huge. If you like it big.Get the game, they'll fix this soon just like their previous games.UPDATE: Patch 4 seems to give mixed feedbacks. For me, Patch 4 was horrible, I now experience constant stuttering in game. Truly a disappointment."
76561198170561290,Not Recommended,289650,13714945,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Arrows,"If your going to buy this game dont expect to have it run smooth or be able to play on a high or ultra high graphics,there are many bugs and frame rate drops, PLEASE WAIT UNTIL THEY COME OUT WITH A NEW PATCH AND ITS WORTH PLAYING. I bet it will send a big messege you Ubisoft that we wont deal with♥♥♥♥♥♥like this and expect our games to run smooth"
,Not Recommended,289650,13719739,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DexWolf,"I keep giving Ubisoft chances....why...because i think they can change. But they can't. Ubisoft doesn't know what they are doing anymore, move on don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,289650,13566826,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Treetion,"It feels like playing the Sims 4 after spent hundreds of hours on Sims 3. Actually, it might just be worse, because I never lost all of my saves after hours of play in the Sims francise."
76561197984625442,Not Recommended,289650,13600169,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ArkHunter,"I don't recommend buying this game because there are verious bugs that need fixed. Sequence 7 is in an infite loop based on one boss that can't be killed. Error has been going on since it was released happens on the PC, Xbox and playstation.When playing online starts to slow down and lag badly after just a few minutes of gameplay."
76561197972000889,Recommended,289650,13866344,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Fraykey,"Exellent, only a few minor glitches and those will most likely be fixed. Absolutely amazing setting and mesmerizing story line.Putting mousesetting to lower sensitivity improves gameplaying a lot. Still need some fixing there to make it really smooth. Framerate is more then adequate"
76561198073341193,Recommended,289650,13815188,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,fearenough,dont like the fact that u have 2 buy game then coin. want 1 time buy even playing field. if want 2 spend 1000s on 1 game would b a sucker playing free 2 play games (aka pay alot 2 play) otherwize ok
,Not Recommended,289650,13822699,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,PengwinLord,"I have been impressed with Assassin's Creed games in the past, but this game is horrific. They didn't make any of the graphics translate to PC, and honestly haven't even bother to try and fix anything within the past two months. Not to mention they really promote this as a ""game to conquer with friends"", but the only co-op content is about eight 10 minute missions that you probably can't even get through since the terrible lag and in game-breaking glitches. My worst purchase since I can remember, and I hope someone reads who is curious about the game and is turned away, because I wouldn't pay more than 5 dollars for this game."
76561198039605658,Not Recommended,289650,13860680,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,alexmonkeyboy,"I keep buying AC games thinking I'll be entertained - and I keep playing them in a feeling of deep frustration.  I have not found a single AC game ""fun"".  Sure, there are fun moments, sometimes fun long interludes, but these games are so deeply flawed at times it's a wonder that they don't come with a warning:  ""You will be annoyed""Unity is no different.  It's horrible.  There's an interesting story, beautiful graphics, fantastic settings, good acting which is all ruined by completely hopeless, useless, face slappingly bad controllability of the character (nothing new of AC) and that constant nagging thought in the back of your mind ""think just once they'd get it right"".If you can stay away from this title you will miss out on a great story but save yourself hours of frustration.  If I was a bit smarter I wouldn't have bought this and saved myself the aggravation."
76561198128960965,Recommended,289650,13863657,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,fordfrank_,this game actually got fixed!P.S. you need over the top PC to run it smoothly on ultraGPU: gigbyte g1 gaming gtx980 windofrceCPU: i5 4440 @3.1 GHZRAm: 8 gigssolid frames on higgest settingstextures may pop up in cutscenes and nothing elsethe parkor needs some improvements yet the unreal jumps makes it very smooth and funstory line is on a wanky table so it may colapse by gamers questions like: why are the templers are the bad guys?? (this questions has been around in my mind since ACIII)intiiate thingy doesn't work at allthe controls jumps out of the window when trying to connect to anything >.>buy this game!!! yet don't buy it at full pricewait for a sale then buy it
76561198107405635,Recommended,289650,13913519,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,lil yeeet,"I don't understand why all hate it, i love it the story is good, barely any lags, love the frre parkour world. I just love it!! Recommending!"
76561198070061663,Recommended,289650,13917249,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Jesus is life,very fun :)
76561198124081401,Recommended,289650,22687166,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,✪ Pafy The GymRat,"I have only played 12 hours so far and I absolutely LOVE this game.I'm not even close to finishing the main story line yet because I fell of track wanting to unlock better armor and weapons.You can customize your character A LOT more then in any of the previous Assassin's creed's.Most side missions are very interesting and has an individual story behind them.A LOT of the complains about the game has been because of the ""lack of story"" and a ""boring main character"".I actually enjoy the story so far, and Arno as a character.I will continue with the review when I feel that I'm done with the game.8.5/10 so far"
76561198260296908,Recommended,289650,21837260,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,HarvestingOfTheWallets,"If you have an amd gpu, or bought this launch day or before patch 5 have fun with20fps, good game with addicting multiplayer features and has the single mostImpressive graphics engines to date. If your a fan of history or are a nationalistFrench person then buy this game."
,Recommended,289650,20983361,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Not Felix,"I have no idea lol.Played it on friends consoles, twas funPlayed it on my laptop.Well if you know me you know my laptop can't run jack♥♥♥♥♥♥but i won't hold that against the game because I love all AC Games to death"
76561198067119421,Not Recommended,289650,13220715,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ozr,Made out with a woman while faceless... 10/10But this is seriously where assassin's creed began sucking♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,289650,22580249,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Chumpz✪Phoenix,Love this game if you have a great pc works fine
76561198030955217,Recommended,289650,22580485,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Archer Seven,"Minor glitches. Sometimes theres a delay in button control.Good story. Im staying for the ride because of it.Gameplay wise, Interesting pseudo-rpg element incorporated inside.Side missions can still get a bit boring sometime."
,Recommended,289650,20871927,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,lofty,"This game is realy nice.But there are still some annoying bugs.* The Story is just okay- not interesting enough like the others AC games. but i realy liked the transition from AC Rouge to AC Unity, it's was great.* The Graphic is realy awesome, but the optimization for the PC version is not good.There are some FPS drops.* The Combat system is a bit uncomfortable, but i realy liked the new abilities.And the option to heal your self is realy great.* The character customization is realy cool, and refreshing- i realy like it.In general, AC Unity have great potential, it's a good game, but not good enough like the other games.If the develepoers had more time to spend in this game, it could be one of the best AC in the series.I will recommend this game, for AC fans."
76561198161666796,Not Recommended,289650,20896137,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ajzerbey,Sadly I didnt even get to play this game.....half way through the tutorial the lighting ♥♥♥♥ed up. After that I decided to restart the game..and that only made the game crash when ever I try to reload the game. To this day it still does not work.Don't get me wrong I think the game is cool but I just couldn't enjoy it.
76561198037234014,Recommended,289650,21087708,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,myshock,"Badly optimized. I own a big config with a gtx980  but movement is really slow, specially during combat.I press my gamepad buttons... But it's slow to respond. During big fights camera movements are confusing, ans it hurts my eyes.Despite that there are a few good things but  AC licence ils really really tired"
76561198249126854,Recommended,289650,20924906,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,2smart4ass,once the game is updated and you have all the right system requirements the game is alot of fun with the new parkour system that they have. the story is a little bland but still follows well with the other games in the series following on with the sages from AC 4. the costumization is great in how different peices of clothing give different stats to your character. the co-op mode is good as well as the missions that are with it. all in all great gamplay machanics but not the best story line of the assassins creed universe.
76561198044037428,Recommended,289650,20952309,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Yung Chadappa,"Solid entry in the AC series. However, game has some bugs and glitches and I don't find the time period to be all that interesting. But that's just me."
,Not Recommended,289650,21012047,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,PJYZQ_hellcase.com_skinhub.com,i cant even play it! it is so laggy and i have lots of storage too.
76561198158124399,Not Recommended,289650,21015885,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ARASY,"this game cannot run in my pc,the notice is (unable to find ubisoft game launcher please re install assasins creed unity)thats so ♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,289650,21017220,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dark Exsphere,"Short Version:Pros: Beautiful game. Better looking than Syndicate despite being newer than Unity. Runs good as of this review. Patch 1.5.0 i believe. (MSI 980Ti Seahawk)Cons: Stealth doesn't work most of the time. Combat is annoying. Hidden blade is barely used or usable. Everyone has a gun. Enemies shoot too much and theres nothing you can really do to dodge/protect yourself form the bullet except roll like an idiot. Many of the little things that made previous games so amazing are gone like dual hidden blades, dual assassinations from approaching from the sides of the enemy, putting your hood up in restricted areas etc. did i mention extremely USELESS stealth. Hyper senstitive enemies. Will be notified by anything you do."
76561198036714523,Not Recommended,289650,20977852,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,emilstrange,"To start with, i'm a big fan of the AC serries. i've played all the games, and i loved them all.When i started this game the first time i was blown by the graphics, and the new moves when Arno was climbing buildings because it looked so very realistic.But after i actualy started playing the game and meet all of these bugs, and it's many other ""missings"", so to say, i found it very hard to like.Here are the things that is making me not liking this game.I hate the crontrols. Pretty much most of the time, it feels like Arno (the main character) is living his own life and making his own choices in what to climb, and when to block and that is VERY frustrating. Because, if u have to chase a guy in the game, and arno feels like jumping up on every single obstacle he sees, instead of just evading them, U WON'T CATCH THAT DUDE. Or if u must hide from the guards and be stealthy, it's just super annoying when Arno doesn't want to get behind cover.And believe me, i love the AC series, but this one?, is one is not nearly finnished. A lot of times when i click the buttons that in need  IN THAT EXCACT MOMENT, (such as blocking in a fight), then most of the times these buttons won't work. Well, yes they will work but only when it don't matter no more.So that result's in a lot of failures. But not because the diccifulty is too hard, but because the reaction time in the game is too f*cking slow...I must say that even though i really wanted to like this game and kept on playing it, just because i wanted that ""well it aint that bad anyways"" feeling, i still haven't gotten that feeling yet. And i don't think i will either.I have not completed the game, because i didn't at all find it worth my time because i just got kept on being mad.Well, in the end this is just my opinion. But i wouldn't recommend it after all."
76561198243858108,Not Recommended,289650,21098426,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Shlock Homes,"I can't play the game for some reason when I want to play ACU with Uplay it always say that the server is unveliable what does it mean? Does that mean that Uplay is doing something? Or like some game problems or patch(,not sure about the patch, also I heard people saying that patch 6 is coming I don't know when but hope it let me play the game)?"
,Recommended,289650,21042877,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Uli,good game still cant run it
,Recommended,289650,16591163,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Not an actual username,"UPDATE: More positive reviews than negective yay!After all 500 tries I got the game working. Sure its only 15 fps but its better than nothingBasic description: The French Revoultion has begun you are Arno Dorian an assassin who has lost his father, he must go on a journey for redemtion, innocense and honor, all while dealing with his step-sister being a templar, the french revoulotion and the deaths of his friends and family.Quality:IT has certaintly MIND BLOWING graphics even on the lowest settings, truly next gen. The settings are less optimized and you cant lower the settings as much as before. Since patch 5 ther isn't really many glitches. Hair can occaisonly glitch out and fly everywhere. The speed and fps of the game is really slow even at the lowest settings.Freerunning: It remains widely the same as the previous games, although it is more fluid and fast animations also look more realistic. Guards can no longer freerun and can barley sprint, they can nly get on rooftops by laddersCombat: Its certaintly the best combat ever in an Assassin's Creed game. The combat is no long a ""press e to counter"" system. You now have to parry then attack but if you attack too soon it could proceed to you getting hit. Sometimes parrying does not work and you have to dodge. Dodging  is mainly used for dodging gun fire and long and heavy weapons. Attaking is now more complex and if attack to many times you yourself could be parryed or dodged. If you do not take advatage of your tools you could easily be outmatched. (Fight against 7 guards on the ground while 4 gunmen are on the roof) This could be a tough situation but you could attack some of the swordsman until a gunmen is about to fire than you drop a smoke bomb,dodge and shoot them.Custimization: Definetly the best custimization in an AC game 100s of weapons, armor, and colors.You can use your diffrent tools for diffrent things like Using the Prowler set during stealth and midevil during combat.Every Sequence in the game.MAJOR SPOILERS FOLLOWSequence 1: Seems fun so far. The game starts in 1397 (I think) where you a templar fighting assassins. In 1790s you are introduced to Arno the main protaginist at a young age. He spots a little girl and chases her until the hit outside, the girl bets Arno he can not steal an apple. Arno steals the apple and a guard spots him he chases Arno but you escape. You go in and find your father dead, the girls(who has now been named Elise) father adopts Arno. 17 years(I think) after Arno is taking his watch back a man walks in and chases him. His brother takes the watch which proceeds to a chase. You get the pocket watch and escape. You return to your manor where you find the brothers have found you and tell Elise's father he says they will discuss it later, Arno does chores only to see that a letter needs to be delivered he tries to deliver it by chasing the carriage he left in, yet he cant catch up, he goes to the top of a tower and finds the carriage he goes in walking to him but the brothers came back which leas to a fight, Arno wins and escapes from the guards. He goes back to the mansion but he learns Elise is at a party he is sure that she misplaced his invatation, so he puts the letter under the office door and steals a suit goes too the palace only to be told no. He sneaks in and attempts to find Elise. Which is succesful but he goes and finds his stepfather dead on the ground and is framed for it and put in prison the sequence than ends"
,Not Recommended,289650,21162212,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,kloxxy,well after a launch one can only call pathetic and shamefull. people didnt have high hopes for this game. but after a year and a half you would expect a game that would be glitch and bug free well guess what yo  u      ar  e     s   o      wr o    n   gt  h  i   s   so g l i tchy its  fuc    king up t hhe r  evie wwith the new of ubisoft not publishing a assassins creed game this year lets hope they spend the time to fix this absolute pisspot of a game. the game is a very good medival fashion simulater though so 4 out of 10and 10 out of 10 for medival fashion sim
76561198210710063,Not Recommended,289650,21157753,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Four Man,"It crshes my computer every time I open it. Also, the fps is horrific."
76561197971071637,Not Recommended,289650,20238883,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Oceand,I'd love to review ACU but to do that the game would actually have to run. One would think that over a year after release most show stopping would have been worked out. Nope the only thing I get are sorry we got your money you can go suck a fat one. See you next year for another installment of assassin's creed: our♥♥♥♥♥♥still doesn't work. I get better support from the pirates. I'd post a review for ACR but I can't even get that run longer than steam requires to let me able to ♥♥♥♥♥ about another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ubi product.
76561198052845050,Recommended,289650,20271416,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,raveheart 👻,"Thought Unity had a shaky release; as we all know, with incredible lag spikes and numerous other problems. The game now, is pristine. In Unity you play as Arno Dorian through Paris in the 1780s during the french revolution. A wonderful view of the city is seen around every corner. Whether you're looking at the old church of Notre Dame, or just witnissing the crowds gather and sing and yell for a change. I do believe I sat in Versailles watching people get executed for 10 entire minutes.The story mode can be challenging in some portions, big fights make life difficult so the classic Assassin's Creed stealth requirement is returned because you want to do your best to avoid these massive 6-to-10 on 1 fights. Gameplay is quick and exciting as Arno proves he can do many more things than Ezio, Connor, and Edward. Climbing is faster, combat is faster (and cooler I might add).Side missions and Side puzzles are in numerous variations and levels of difficulty all around Paris. I am not that good at Puzzles but if you are any more intelligent than me (which isn't hard to do mind you) then take a crack at it. Where I love the gameplay most is Co-op missions.I'm hooked up with anywhere between 1 and 3 other assassin's where we tackle missions together in the coolest ways possible. I never thought I would ever see such badassery when we plan a mission perfectly and pull of the sweetest combos. Every mission is just like the trailer I promise you. Nothing feels better than running into a room with 3 other badasses and taking out a room of 16 guards so swiftly and easily. You won't be able to press F12 fast enough to catch it all!I won't even get into all the customisation features to make your very own Arno look far better than any other Arno, representing your class and playing type the way you want to.I would highly recommend Assassin's Creed Unity to anyone who is new to Asssassin's creed, and to anyone that has followed the series from the beginning."
,Recommended,289650,20272107,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Brainiac Systems,"This review is based on the fact that I've only just bought this game (sale price £11) and as such I missed all the crazy bugs & glitches debacle at launch.Firstly the most noticable thing about this game is the new engine used, the game is bloody stunning compared to the previous itinerations. I have a fairly modest system comprising of an i5 2500k, 16 gb ram, GTX 780 and the game runs like butter on Ultra settings with FXAA. I've noticed very little problems in terms of any glitches so ""yay"" for now!.The game so far pretty much runs through like any other AC game, uncover the map, collect various stuff, gain money, improve / update outfit, gain new weapons, play various missions and most importantly kill stuff.Do you like the other AC games? Do you feel like it's been a while since you obsessively searched every inch of a game's map searching for collectables? Do you like to stab guys with your hidden blade? If you answered yes to any of the above then get it bought."
76561198005336736,Recommended,289650,20249724,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,mrGoose,"I liked the story, even if it was predictalbe (except for the unexplainable piece of weaponry the last ""boss"" has. What the hell is that about?).  It also feels like with every game the assassins inexplicably get more super-powers.The folks that made this game have delivered the best in-engine cinematics I have ever seen. Wonderful, wonderful facial animation.  I actually wanted to keep playing just because for the production value of the cinematics.The gameplay is fine. Nothing that exciting.  Pretty standard AC.  Which means the controls are still bothersome.  Which means that at least twenty times you'll be spotted by guards trying to do something really simple.  But it's getting better.It runs fine. Gameworks shadows hit fps hard, but don't really look nicer. So no big loss there.I look forward to thinking Syndicate is fun but mediocre just like this one!"
76561198123720993,Recommended,289650,20613325,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,DaGengster,"I bought this a year after release on sale.For the money I payed for it ($20) its worth it.Kind of sad how still even after a year of launch, there are still glitches -_-7/10"
,Recommended,289650,20664378,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Dooflockey,It's k.
76561198009061800,Recommended,289650,20306940,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,kickass,"Maybe it's the french language setting hiding the bad acting and limited dialogue loops but this seems leagues ahead of prior titles and the crowds around Nostre Dame.The english voiced actors seem ok but I'm faintly confused as to why Parisians all sound like Northern English people. Maybe it's less racist than a selection of nasal gallic accents but it's a little weird.  That said the actors are proficient which is enough for me!The buildings are well modelled too and the cramped architecture of Paris in this period seems to require less additional platforms, ropes and adornments to allow traversal by the player. Even compared to syndicate the city seems more real and less artificial.Character progression is gated by completing memories which can be frustrating but in fact the demands in terms of fighting skill are interesting, The game is certainly less of a cakewalk than Syndicate or Rogue but there are so many side missions alongside the main quest that it never feels overly challenging.Bugs were commonplace when this game debuted but after a year of patches this initial bad press seems to have resulted in a final product that has more polish and better performance than previous games, especially considering the huge number of models on screen in some of the crowd scenes.This is one of the only AC games after the first couple that I recommend buying at full price. Pity that you must endure UbiSoft's janky game managment software but otherwise it's solid.Dead Kings is a piece of sub-par crap filled with lousy puzzles that I could not stand. Avoid the DLC."
76561198217851725,Not Recommended,289650,20597118,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,IceCreamTruck141,"Hey, Steam, try telling us what type of computer it's for.WARNING! This will not work on Windows 10"
,Recommended,289650,13065549,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Vulcanza,PLAYABLE NOW
76561197973205285,Recommended,289650,20590441,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Mason's,"Can't get it to run. Keep getting ACS.exe has stopped responding. For me this also effects AC Syndicate. I've verified files, reinstalled games, modified firewall settings, compatibility settings, run as admin, modified antivirus and malware programs, reinstalled PhyX. Seems to be a problem a lot of people are having. I have newest drivers for all my hardware and my computer could run these games at Ultra no problem. Sure hope someone figures this out before the game stops saving (Black Flag won't save anymore).UPDATEI was told that any ""in game app"" will cause this error. For me, it was AMD Rapture. Once I closed out this application, the game runs fine with no problems."
76561198180769383,Recommended,289650,20635148,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dudewhateven,"I love the idea of the French Revolution. It's one of my personal favorite events in history. I like the concept of the companions. The game is supposed to show next gen possiblities but for PC it's jaggy and slow. The ideas and concepts of this game are AMAZING but the gameplay is...not so much. If it's on sale, might as well buy it!"
,Recommended,289650,20386337,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Raika,"This Review of Assassin's Creed Unity will be based on my semi-salty playthough of the game.The game unlike the previous games had a different combat engine. This means it'll be harder for former players to get to used to. Not to mention the limitions on weapons, former AC games had you with a sword and gun and such. This game has you running around with either the only usable setup of sword and pistol or the risk of running a specialised weapon which isn't likely to cut it in most fights since you couldn't carry a pistol with an axe or a spear or a melee weapon when you had a rifle.It also has the highest requirements for any game for PC this era with anyone with a standard setup needing a more powerful graphics card. My R9 270X had problems running it and if you intend to run anything less then what I have you must reconsider buying this game unless you intend to spend atleast 500 or more dollars upgrading your setup.The story was short and gets very dark very quickly whenthe main characters bestgirl dies. The plot was fine but the multiplayer heist were complete rubbish. With the skill point unlock system in place and locked behind side-missions and multiplayer heist which you needed to work with an ally which was likely to disconnect or screw up a good plan by being spotted. The gameplay was complete♥♥♥♥♥♥The ""FREE"" DLC they gave away was even darker than the main story with the main characterrunning away from the death of his best girl or actually chasing the best girl depending on when you start the DLC (perspective may vary). This DLC is the main issue since it was free, for preowners of the season pass this was complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and the season pass was completely worthless since Ubisoft was unlikely to release a second DLC. (Like me who preordered the bloody game and was ripped off)All in all, the plot was great, gameplay not so much.9/10 - Plot7/10 - Graphics (Super High End graphics needed)4/10 - Gameplay (Game revolved around getting skill points to finish the skill tree which ment doing the nigh impossible load time multiplayer heist which is unlikely to even have people in it anymore since the hype is over)7/10 - Overall. Multiplayer ruined a good game. Thanks Ubisoft."
,Recommended,289650,20375791,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,DakiniBrave,"It's actually not bad, running on a 280x, i5-4460 and very little performance drops except in huge crowds where it drops to maybe 40, story wise it's pretty good not as good as the earlier ones but still nice, this really doesn't take the main story any further than black flag though."
76561198263265713,Recommended,289650,20484019,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,krish.0724,Works fine on my Rig with GTX 980 and there were smaller glitches and few fps drops...The graphics quality seems amazing and stunning....But the missions are not that memeorable or worth giving credit unlike the Old EZIO series....But still does a decent job...
,Not Recommended,289650,20477596,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Professor cOak [IRE],"I wish that I could give a mixed review button on this but since I can't, I'll have to say No to Assassin's Creed Unity, the negative really outweigh the positives in this game. First major problem was the crashes every few hours whether they happened during startup or during the game.Other issues would be down to Arno deciding to grab onto a wall or decides to get stuck on a chair and refuses to get down at all this was especially annoying when trying to actually escape from a horde of police or guards from chasing me.The next issue I have was the many many collectables in this games 294 chests and 128 cockades far too many collectables that when your forced to play a lockpicking minigame made the chest hunt so much more of a slow grind that made the game unnecessary long. The collectables take me back to the first Assassins Creed which was more of a collectable grind as well. I can forgive the annoying random crowd events, but the collectable stuff was just a absolute punishment.One of the good points was the pretty motion capture and the story wasn't that bad, though I would of liked more of the present day story to actually be in the game, yes I am one of the few who actually enjoyed the present story and the Desmond storyline.So my final point is you could probably miss this game or if you want to really need to play it don't pay the 40.00 euro and just wait for it to go on sale instead, this game isn't really worth the asking price especially with the bad bugs and constant crashes, Since the majoraty of the game time was collecting these items when the main story was at least twelve hours."
76561198023372627,Recommended,289650,20371043,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,mottwalker,If you find this game on sale at 20 dollars...you will get your moneys worth.  I can't see paying anymore than that.  That being said it has great lenght and a pretty good story.  There are certain aspects that don't make me happy...such as flashes in the screene that hurt my eyes.  It is a part of the game where the main character is experiencing issues with the program he is in.  Targeting system is a bit messed up.  All in all buy it when it is on sale.
,Recommended,289650,19588163,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Me,its a buteful game and its varey nice and the online is varey good its a varey good game and i think its a best game on the world
76561198254732838,Recommended,289650,20394703,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ApoCaLYpS3,"I can`t get throw the server bridge after sequence 7, i jump in it, start loading and game is crash... Somebody have the same problem? The story is very nice, the combat is a little bit difficult in the beginning not like other assassin games but after few days i managed to kill more and more enemy, now i not even care if there is more enemy againts me... a lot of collectibles, side missions in the game is awsome, i like collecting and exploring in this series! But this game crash give me a hard time now...:S"
76561198012246682,Recommended,289650,20439354,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Derrick,"Assassin's Creed Unity's 18th Century Paris is spectacular and a joy to traverse.  The main storyline is tepid, but the multitude of sandbox activities are varied and interesting.  Refined combat and parkour mechanics make this Assassin's Creed control better than ever, and new character progression helps keep it engaging.  A great entry point into the series."
,Recommended,289650,20434828,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,A Fool,"*SPOILER FREE REVIEW*Assassin's Creed Unity really started life on the wrong foot, its' such a shame too because if you look past it's flaws you will find a great game. After playing the game for 28 hours (at time of writing this review) finishing the main story-line and having a little treasure hunt for the chests / collectibles in-game; sure I found a ""few"" bugs but at this point due to  the Assassins Creed production times it is expected.I haven't really played an Assassins Creed title in some time after playing the (in my own opinion) atrocious game which was ""Assassins Creed 3"". Unity shocked me because I bought the game expecting masses of bugs, a boring protagonist and an utter disappointment; however after little to no time I found myself enjoying the game more as it went on.My interest in the French revolution was a big part in the reason of my purchase however you may be disappointed to find that there isn't a huge amount of ""French revolution"" going on; the story focus's more on a revenge plot point which will probably not surprise you considering games of recent years almost all following the ""revenge"" plot; that too isn't really done to perfection in this game as you may find yourself slightly disappointed in the ending as I was; although everything was tied up into a nice little package and it all made sense.Many interesting characters are littered about in the marvelously designed and detailed city of Paris some will make you laugh, others leave you in awe of their charisma (looking at you Mr. 5,5 ft tall) sadly this reason alone isn't enough of a reason to fall in love with the game but it certainly helps. Arno the protagonist of this installment is not only funny at times but superbly voice acted; though when a game is set in Paris with full British accents it sort of breaks immersion; hopefully you will learn to ignore that and praise the above average voice acting.As far as the main plot goes as with most games you will like most parts and not like others but no act in game is ""bad"" so to say, just not as great as other standout ones and trust me as a fellow gamer there are a fair few!Side missions in the game are also rather interesting such as the ""murder mystery"" and ""co-op"" missions which you can do alone to achieve multiple rewards and gear up for harder level missions in the main plot; if it sounds like a grind then you will be pleasantly surprised when I say that it is not; the side missions are a joy to play through unlike other recent AAA-games but you will never know unless you play the game will you? Seriously though I couldn't say any more without having to throw ""SPOILER"" signs everywhere of which there are a few that could spoil your experience.We gamers are in a renaissance of gaming on steam in a time where we can refund games and display our views and opinions on them, wait until a sale comes by like I did or wait until this game goes down a little in price and then check it out. I don't think you will be disappointed, just go into the game with low standards like I did and end it with a pleasant surprise!Pros:- Excellent graphics- Above average voice acting- Plenty to do!- Free DLC- Rewarded for playing the game through Ubisoft points used to buy extra content- An interesting selection of characters- Paris is alive!- Wide range of weapons and armor to earn- Great on keyboard and mouseCons:- A handful of glitches- Some characters needed more development- Fighting indoors can give bad camera angles- Not many ways to prevent being shot!- Story could have been a bit longer- VERY DEMANDING ON YOUR SYSTEM ~ I'm currently running a Hex core i7 CPU and a Nvidia GTX 970 on Ultra settings and I am hitting 50-60 FPS on average, which is nothing to complain about but don't expect to run this game on anything above medium settings with a mid tier PC.Overall I would give the game a 7/10 and I haven't even come close to collecting everything and finishing all the side missions, try to pick it up on sale its a gem!TL;DR:A good game that needed a little more work to become a great game with a bad release that you should consider buying on a steam sale."
,Recommended,289650,16904841,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,IK84,"There is not a lot of love for Unity. I will admit it does indeed have many drawbacks, many small IMO.The Bad :1.Arno apparently cant whistle. The game tries to say.. use cherry bombs to lure targets.... It even has optional goals to accomplish.. like "" lure with cherry bomb"" The problem ... is you CANT LURE with a cherry bomb, I sat to side of door ways and threw them in front of their feet, at my feet, and even at their face. They just shake it off. The only way to get them to you is to show yourself and hide real quick.2. When I assassinate someone I expect Arno to assasinate them.. NOT POUNCE many times I saw ""assassinate"" as option I clicked X on my pad only to have him pouce the person and let them get a scream off.The Good :1. I miss crafting, especially when I want to carry more items, but I also like to have a reason to do things in the game. In Rogue I got all the money I needed from investments that I felt no need or want to do more chest hunting, collectable finding"" I like to have a reason to need money. So Its nice to be able to customize your chracter with the many different outfits. Each bringing its own thing to the table, and even making it intersting to replay levels.2. THe visuals are AMAZING, If you have the PC to handle this game then its very enjoyable, the sheer amount of NPC characters walking around is jawdropping.In the end this was a welcome change to the Ship sailing/ pirating that has taken 3 games up. It really felt like I was playing as Ezio again.  I never experienced this game with its problems on first release, but with its latest patch Ive nver had ONE crash .In another note ( SPOILER?) I enjoyed the time jumps that the character experienced throughout the game. I actually wouldnt mind if we had a AC game where that sort of thing happened and we spent more times in those different places."
76561198010374286,Not Recommended,289650,16874911,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,BlimeyJenkins,"This is by far the worst Assassin's Creed game to date. AC3 is now 2nd worst in my book. It's clearly evident that the folks who worked on 3 were in charge of Unity as well. The same buggy gameplay and unbelivably poor enemy AI are prevalent.And not to mention...glitchy, glitchy, GLITCHY!!! If you're wondering if it's still broken: well, its got some duct tape and primer on it. The cutscenes are fixed. It's never crashed or locked up on me....yet. Other repairs are evident, but its not totally ""fixed"" and I doubt it ever will be. The remaining issues seem to be embedded in the code itself, just like AC3; if you've played it. (And that game ate my 2 570HDs for lunch!)I'm running a single 970 FTW with an AMD 6 core dedicated to PhysX at 1920x1080 @120hZ refresh. Textures take awhile to load. Game load times are too long. The draw distance is really short. But I was able to get aliasing under control to a playable degree. Temps are about 50-52 C no overclock, Kboost, or overvolt. I'm at ""Very High"" settings with HBAO+ on. I'm kinda thinkin its as good as its ever gonna get. I can run at Ultra, but its not playable.There are still invisible walls, very VERY odd, immersion breaking NPC movements (most are really funny, I recommend recording them!) and frequent framerate skips. The way Arno moves through the crowd and how they react are the worst of the entire franchise. He's not part of the crowd; the NPCs just jut to the side all glitchy like. (Hard to explain) Also, trying to get Arno through an open window has just about caused me to break my damn controller! GET IN TEH F#^%ING WINDOW ALREADY!!!Some things in this game are the best of the entire franchise: graphics taken as a whole (if you have the card to run it), Arno's parkour movement, lighting effects, and (finally) a sneaky mode! (which would be great if it worked 100%) The 3D map of Paris  is really cool too! I even found myself enjoying some of the later story missions. Early ones..not so much.Absolutely everything else is horrible. There are side missions in this game where all you have to do is kill a rando enemy (who doesn't even have a name or story btw) and you get 1000+ monies. In some cases, like 3500. And he's located in the building right accross from you. And those little ""missions"" are everywhere! And Ubi has the balls to ask you to rate each one as a ""memory"". Lol 1 out of 5 stars...yeah! Oh and get lockpick skill EARLY. What a bunch of BS having locked doors and chests standing in the way of a good time! And they don't tell you what level the damn chest is until you're right next to it. I've wasted at least 3 hours total game time running to locked chests in the STARTING AREA that are too high a level of lockpicking. So dumb!The guard AI is what makes this game borderline unplayable. It's terribly frustrating to try to control or evade the guards. You can't whistle them over anymore. Theres no ""conscipts"", theives, or mercs to hire anymore either. All you have is a firecracker to toss at the guards that ""alerts"" them, but they don't investigate. They just stand there dumbfounded half the time. The other half, they walk in circles or run at full speed in the opposite direction of where you threw it. If one sees you, they ALL see you. Smoke bombs and stun grenades are mandatory most of the time. But, I'd rather just be sneaky. You know, like an assassin! Not a grenade launcher toting idiot! Grenade launchers!! WTF!! Yeah thats real subtle!!! OMG why are there grenade launchers in this f@^%$game?????I've had snipers shoot me dead through walls who can see you from the other side of a building, I've walked right past guards within inches and no alert, but then his buddy will see me clear as day from the other side of the f#$%ing room!!! And then the whole room is suddenly filled with guards from the entire floor! They run faster than the hero when they're chasing you (another feature present in AC3 that I hated). He's an assassin!!! He should be able to outrun guards! Thats why he's lighlty armored and they are not! Combat is a joke (new dodge and parry system is okay but it takes too freaking long to kill any of the guards!) and aerial double assassinations gltich all the time. Terrible!!I love the Assassin's Creed series. I have 93 hours into Black Flag and I regard it as the best one to date. If the first one had 2's combat system, it would be up there in the top 10 best games of all time. But Unity....its so bad. Its boring! I don't give a rip about playing with rando people on the internet! Thats why I play solo, stealth RPGs! So I don't have to interact with the world!Do I recommend it? No, not for the casual RPGer. If you're a die-hard AC fan, then you prolly bought it already.Is it worth buying now? Only If you have an nvidia 900 OC series (or AMD 280x) or better graphics card and its on a Steam holiday sale. Otherwise, don't bother. This game is shredding my modern-day $350 graphics card and I can't play on max settings! I can with other titles though. As I mentioned, the graphics and lighting are what make this game worth playing. But thats about it. As a game, its not good."
76561198050490989,Recommended,289650,17133906,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Getitright,Past the lag the game is amazing and i would reccomend
,Not Recommended,289650,17137483,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,averyn34,Garbage. Absolute Garbage the game itsef may even be amazing but the optimization is♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is a game thats so flipping broken the devs gave up on trying to fix its ten million problems because every time they fixed one a whole new mess showed up. Sloppy sloppy game design does not do justice to the events that its supposed to be taking place around. In my opinion this is the most♥♥♥♥♥♥poor assassins creed game ever made and to be perfectly honest it made me lose faith in ubisoft and their entire line of games Im even sketch about buying rainbow six and any other new games because I simply cannot trust their developers to optimize it properly for PC. This game was entirely made for consoles and they pretty much did a garbage port.
,Not Recommended,289650,17120614,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Nique Ta Mere,"First, don't buy this game,Second,I hope ubisoft learns from this mistake, they have ruined one of my favorite franchises. I am a huge AC fan i even loved revelation  even though it was a rehash of brotherhood, but it was an all around great game. This isn't.Tips: Remove Uplay please, Give us multiple save slot. My saved files were lost twice!!!! i am not going to pre-purchase syndicate until i know that it will be worth my money but before they deliver another AC game they should fix all the bugs with unity.and please stop it with the long♥♥♥♥♥intro. i wanna play as an Assassin and carry out missions, yea sure give us a little bit of a back story but i felt the back story here before you get into action is way too long.Co-op missions: what you on about m8! what co-op, i waited for a long time in queue and got nothing."
76561198111638509,Not Recommended,289650,17123169,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,walrus1001,Well I read the system requirements and it said i could run it but then i bought it and of course I cant.
,Not Recommended,289650,16970939,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,9 Months later... Still can't run it.Paid $60 for a desktop icon and the rights to say I own this game.  Too bad I need a GTX Titan to run it on low.
,Recommended,289650,16972041,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,fuk,"Its just fun jumping around with friends doing watever, do wish there were more MP missions tho"
,Not Recommended,289650,16976164,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Firestorm1100,"ACU has many problems, with few advantages. On the good side, we have decent combat mechanics, when the AI doesn't spam bullets, which is far better then the past few games. The new fighting style of perfect parring makes the combat fluid, and they mostly got rid of the Arkham combat style (slow and bulky, like you are Marvel's Juggernaut without the unstoppablity). Unfortunatly, the new parkour system frequently messes up, resulting in Arno jumping to the ground, jumping over or under your inteded target. Arno himself is more interesting than Conner of AC3, but still has minimal character development. As I am currently on the 11 segment of ACU, I feel justified saying that French Cardboard Man stays an arrogant little child for the duration of the game, which is the exact problem I always had with Native American Cardboard Man (Conner). The implementation of Co-op really helped this title have weight, as I spent several hours screwing around in missions with random players, however the constant breaking does get annoying. In the game, Abstergo finds you when you are in the Animus home entertainment thingy, forcing you to migrate servers. This gives you a chance to parkour through Paris to find an exit, without passerbys messing your flow up. That is, until they introduce the flashing red lines, which signify gliches (fake glitches). As someone who has never suffered from a flashing lights, my eyes would start burning during these segments, even if i had just started playing. If you are sezure prone, get a friend to play these parts. Over all the game is maybe worth a 4/10, with my bad experiances outnumbering my good. With a good combat system, you are able to bypass the crappy stealth parts, and combat is enjoyable again, like in the AC2 saga. Get this game heavily discounted. at $20, it can given decent funs. This game is still a massive disappointment after AC4BF, with the best parts of AC4BF being absent. Buy at your own risk.PS: make sure your computer can run the game, as you will have a much better time if you can run the dang game"
76561198018392987,Not Recommended,289650,16932800,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,War,the game is good but the combat in the game is abscurd and♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,289650,15158437,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,SnowGecko,"How could this happen the most graphically impressive AC to date but how the delivered on this title, the story the plot. it was very sad to see this games suffer from the very thing it was once good at telling a great story.if you are an ac fan you will enjoy it. but if you are hoping for something new a revelation in the series you will not find that here. (pun intended)5\10"
76561198017378743,Recommended,289650,16814674,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,bluestormzion,"**This Game has been reviewed by me twice before.  Once was at the time of purchase at launch when I found myself slightly below the game's minimum requirements, and accordingly the game ran horribly.  While my fault, I do maintain that the minimum requirements were far too high for anyone with a middle-of-the-road gaming rig and completely unreasonably high for a casual gamer.The second review was two months ago, after purchasing much more RAM and greatly exceeding the game's RAM requirement, while still using a Video Card that was at or slightly above the minimum.  It still ran too badly for me to play it.Now, I review it having dropped another six hundred dollars into my PC, and am FINALLY able to play it as it was intended.**Assassin's Creed: Unity.  If I put the past difficulties out of my mind, and review the product as it stands, on its own merits, this game is actually very, very good.  Don't get me wrong, if you didn't like other Assassin's Creed Games, you won't like this.  If you insist that the Naval Combat that first appeared in Creed 3 and was an integral part of Creed 4: Black Flag and Creed: Rogue is better than the Climby-stabby-sneaky, this is not the game for you.  However, if you wanted the series to return to the spirit of its origins, you will adore this.Ever since Ezio climbed the ranks of the Brotherhood (In Creed: Brotherhood, I believe,) and gained Combo-kills and Parry-kills, every battle has been a crowd of 1000 men throwing themselves against the protagonist's weapons, as if whoever dies most gruesomely and quickly wins a night with... whoever was the hottest lady, at whatever time period we're talking about.  While that makes a modicum of sense for an older, more and more experienced Ezio... after two days of training, Connor can kill the British Army without breaking a sweat.  Moments after his ship exploding and being shipwrecked, Edward Kenway can declare Genocide on the Carribean and do it with a rusty sword he plucks from the sand.  Shay Patrick Cormac has broken ribs and a concussion, but what's this, a crowd hassling a nice Irish couple?  Not on his watch, and a flurry of violence begins that does not end until the earth itself is bleeding in a gutter.Previous games kept raising the Hero's capabilities over the previous hero, and was stumped when it came to creating challenging enemies.  Here, Unity succeeds!  In making Arno WEAKER than his predecessors.  After all, he doesn't have the benefit of having played all the previous games.  You can parry and counter attack, much the same way as everyone else; but it's not an instant kill, it's just an opportunity to attack an unbalanced enemy.  Want to kill him faster?  Level up using Synch points to get new skills.  Buy better weapons with Money.  Use Creed Points to upgrare your weaponry or gear.  This is Character Progression.  This is a young new recruit progressing through the ranks, finding his place in an organization, and becoming stronger.  This is better.  I do not miss being a tornado of swords as much as I thought I would; indeed, I don't miss it AT ALL.Being set in a more modern time, some enemies have guns.  Big deal, Connor, Edward, and Shay all dealt with enemies with guns, right?  Yeah, but in their games, the only guns that were deadly were the guns that the heroes owned.  Enemy guns were a nuissance.  They'd take out a pittance of health, and make you fall if you're climbing for a second.  If Arno gets shot by a farther away enemy while in a sword fight, you get staggered, allowing the melee guys to attack... and you also lose most of your health, or even just die, if the enemy's a high level guy.  You know, how Guns kill people really, really good.  That's why we have lots of them and not so many swords these days.So how do you deal with these gunners who can shoot you to death?!  You... wait for it... ASSASSINATE them, preferably.  This is Assassin's Creed, not Idiot's Shrieking Attack on Everyone.  You want that guy over there dead?  He's got snipers on the rooftops?  Get up there, crouch into the new Sneaky Mode that makes you quieter and less visible, and assassinate those gunners dead.  If you can't get right up to them, don't worry, there's some silent mid-range kill options.You'll be doing a lot more sneaking in this game than you did in previous games.  Well, I did all the sneaking I could in previous games.  Not because I had to; God knows it was faster and easier just to run into any place and murder everyone in an endless combo-kill (My record back in Brotherhood was 250-something in the training.  Ludicrous, no?  Should never have been that effective.  Maybe give it a three guy max, game?)  But here, you don't have the option to charge into 20 guys and kill them all.  In fact, when I DO sneak, and a group of four guys happens to find me, I'm genuinely afraid that I'm dead and will have to reload sooner.  No longer are all of my smoke bombs and stun bombs and extra tools a thing to use just for kicks; now I NEED those things to not get killed in an altercation with more than two enemies.Earlier, I mentioned enemy levels.  That's a thing.  Every area, weapon, piece of clothing, and enemy has a level of 1 to 5.  Arno has a level too, but that's just an expression of what skills he's learned and what he's got equipped at the moment.  A level 1 guy can be wounded (dead for combat purposes, but still writhing in agony on the ground, incase you want to leave any innocent guards who jumped you ""alive"" for roleplay reasons,) in just one hit at level 3-ish.  You can hit him again for a Finisher that gives you Creed Points, but this isn't necessary.  A level 5 guy, with my current level 3 gear and weapons, will demand my full attention to parry and dodge, because one combo from him will have me near dead, and I'll have to hit him a LOT.  Generally, if I see a group at level 5, I make sure not to do anything to annoy them.I'll boil things down here.  If you like the Sneaky parts, if you like the world and the story, and if you are SURE you have a pretty darn good gaming PC, this game is actually really good, and not deserving of the majority of the crap people give it.  Yes, the online mandatory bits were BS; they're gone now.  Yes, the requirements and bugs were BS; bugs are almost entirely gone and the requirements aren't as unreasonable now that you can get a good enough video card to run it at Ultra High settings for less than 400 bucks.Give Creed: Unity a fair try, go into it without listening to either Hype nor Anti-Hype, and you should be pleasantly surprised.  I just got done with Rogue, and came here expecting (as all the reviews said) to be disappointed.  Honestly, I like this more than I liked Rogue so far.  And I really, really liked Rogue.  I guess the Creed was right; nothing IS true.  Especially from frothing angry critics ravenous for some groundbreaking new change."
76561198030977131,Not Recommended,289650,18026640,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Abnelito,"An average Assassin's Creed game with minor dissapointment. It is not that bad.But then you realize that the game crashes when you put it at 1080 resolution, and that the game runs like crap.Avoid it like the plague on PC, but buy it on console when a price drop happens."
,Not Recommended,289650,17883717,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Jaudue,"Bought this game when it released, have yet to be able to play it. Would be nice if the launch issue was ever fixed so I could actually try this game..."
76561198027047462,Not Recommended,289650,18121066,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,tucsonspeed6,"Unplayable. I can play GTA V on its highest settings without a skip in the framerate, but this game thinks that every 10 seconds the screen needs to skip a few frames and point me in a completely different direction. If you don't think that won't get on your nerves after about 5 minutes, don't say I didn't warn you.Likewise, the gameplay is equally bad. An example of the gameplay: I barely got past the introductory missions and accepted a mission to collect 3 severed heads from various points around a building. 2 heads were standard AC mission fare: collect a pair of keys, then sneak into the room where they're being kept, take out the guard and collect the heads. Other than the controls being practically garbage  the first part of the mission felt familiar.  (Silently taking out the guard from behind didn't work because the game failed to acknowledge the key had been pressed. I was forced to engage the guard in choppy, terrible framerate combat instead.)  The 3rd head, however, was carefully placed in a bag that looks exactly like several other bags in the area in direct sight of a dozen guards who could care less about the angry mob storming the building. Never mind the hundred plus people angrily shouting as they approach you, if that one guy steps slightly away from the mob and looks at an empty bag, shoot the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You can't look in the bag if a guard has been alerted, and the guards are alerted if you even think, ""This game can't be that bad..."" Sure, I could have tried distracting the guards with firecrackers like one might do in another AC game, but I didn't bother for the following reasons:1: I assumed they'd immediately be alerted that I'm the culprit, and would instantly shoot me, because that appears to be this game's MO.2: The game remapped its entire control scheme from previous AC titles and didn't bother to explain HOW to throw the firecrackers by this point.3: If I tried to throw them, the screen would probably blink and point me in the wrong direction the instant before I threw them, and I'd probably end up throwing them directly at the wall behind me.4: This distraction might have worked for 1 bag, but there were at least 5 bags to check.5: At this point I was painfully reminded that the difficulty of the mission was shown as 1 out of 5 stars: Easy mode. Yes, Ubisoft thought putting a new player in the position of distracting a dozen guards while you searched half a dozen bags around a courtyard is practically a tutorial.6: After going through every possible rationalization one can at this point to make excuses for this game, you just have to give up at some point. This game is unplayable.If you want to play a recent AC title, do yourself a favor and play AC:Rogue. It's a fantastic game, one of the best of the series, and a whole hell of a lot better than this unplayable mess. *Deletes local content...*"
,Recommended,289650,18124243,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,pharmartist,"This is a great game, no doubt about it. Tremendous details made this an AAA game, Has a few cons, but please, this is one of the best in the series. Never they looked so beautiful, more so if you get some sweetfx presets (I do recommend that cause the bluish ambient*), and the parkour thing is great when it works (maybe to harsh on that from the reviewers; in fact for me the it only has a con when u try do enter a window from a balcony)There are no glitches know, since 1.5 version, and the Free DLC sets plenty more hours of play, different tone, same pleasure, loved it.I bought it right after the first major update and the DLC launch, and know in a second play thru, with a better rig i'm really loving it. Hard to play multiplayer, but u can do most of the mission solo with ease.*PM me if u want same help with SFX."
,Recommended,289650,18140871,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DannyRodriguez,The setting of this game is beautiful and I especially enjoyed the view from the rooftops in this one. The story is lackluster but I've come to expect that from this series as of late.
,Recommended,289650,18142031,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,battlesamurai,great game
,Recommended,289650,18106348,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,cdx,Muito legal a trama com uma historia rica entre assassinos e templarios como sempre teve em AC.
,Recommended,289650,13096106,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Epic Feeder,"After all I cannot recommend this game. It's not just the high system requirement or bugs. There is something fundementally wrong about ACU. The graphics doesn't even look good at ultra high, The control of the character is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ You will NEVER be able to make quick turn or quick jump. Everytime your character will jump to some random place or turn to random direction, making the hardest parkour challenge literally unplayable. To have precise control you must stop every sigle step, otherwise your character will not do according to your input. Correcting the character's movement all the time ruins game experience. The stupid companion is totally a waste of time so you will never get to 100% without downloading that BS app. The story is fine but very short. It's a 6/10 game.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------After patch 4 I have no complaint anymore."
,Recommended,289650,14288966,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,JonSaksy,"***U P D A T E****Okay, so  Iuninstalled the game and got it reinstalled onto my computer. Luckily saved files are sent right to Ubisoft so  i could just start where I left off. I went to the mission, accepted it, and it ran. SO far I've put a few hours in this game and I am actually starting to really enjoy it. I mean, besides the fact that I needed to wait so long to get my computer fixed and some bugs - which dont seem to appear as much as people say they do- I think Assassins Creed Unity is a great game that all Assassins Creed Fans should play and ENJOY. Emphasis on ENJOY. I saw the trailer for this game and was mind-blown and I know I saw others say the exact same thing like ""ermahgersh they're making the combat harder finally!"" and now I look back and see ""Oh my god they made the combat like WAY too hard"" and its really stupid how they bicker about crap like that.**UPDATE**So I finally got my computer fixed and it is 100% better; it's able to run it and everything..... sad thing is, I get to like the second mission, arno's grown up (this being after the talk about Elise ""visiting""), everything seems JUST fine, but then once I try to start the mission..... the game freezes. I cant get out of it AT ALL. Not sure if I need to bring the graphics down a knotch or two or something, but I cannot start the freaking mission. It's frustrating really. I was SO excited to join the game and tell everybody how the game is actually not as bad as you think, but this happened. I'm not sure if I should be, but I'm pretty disappointed with Ubisoft - although it could just be my computer doing something weird that causes it to do this.I can't really decide whether to recommend this game or not. That is to say that I bought - what I originally thought were - pretty great parts for a brand new gaming computer which I was purchasing mostly for the sole purpose of being able to play this game AND Far Cry 4 but alas I was barely able to do anything at all. Basically when starting it up, it was VERY choppy getting to the menu screen, but when I actually got to the menu screen it was perfectly fine. Barley any drop in frames or anything...... That is until I began to ""play"" the game. When I started it up it was so choppy that I couldnt even play it. I'm surprised really since supposedly this computer ""should"" be able to run it farely well. Personally I'm pretty sad to see this amount of money gone to waste, but hopefully EVENTUALLY I can get ""better"" parts so I can finally run AND play this game and others to come.In the end, if you have a top-of-the-line gaming computer then by all means get the game and enjoy, BUT if you do not think you have a SUPER up-to-date gaming computer don't waste your money."
76561198083391720,Recommended,289650,13858155,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Fuego Volcano,"Great mechanics and fun gameplay, if you can get it working properly.Ill write a better review when its out of early access...11/10 Would struggle to get working again."
76561198128243476,Not Recommended,289650,13610523,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,sidegoodgamer [AAAAH Banana],im really disappointd in this game i couldnt wait to play it but it just has such hard framerate issues its not playable this game is an idea but it  failed.please dont buy it unless its 10 dollars or something in a bargan bin until it gets a good patch its simply not worth it.
,Not Recommended,289650,14061912,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Silver Fox,"Assassin's Creed Unity is like someone trying to shove a hidden blade into a rock.They've discarded too much of older series.I have no idea how the story is proceeding (which is different from previous seris) nor do I know how the control is working.You cannot use hidden blade to fight. It's only for assassination.You cannot pierece someone with your sword while running.You cannot quick change your weapons. You have to go through♥♥♥♥♥breaking experience of pressing ESC and Character Customization. And what's with all these 'Skills'? Do you honestly believe someone can become an assassin without knowing how to break your fall by forward rolling? The game is slugish and camera angle is all too weird. Unless you are a big fan of Assassin's Creed like me and just wants to know what the story is like, don't buy this. If you are the kind of person who never played Assassin's Creed, don't start with Unity. Start from the very first."
,Recommended,289650,13978800,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,REDDEAD,"Its a good game, I'm having a great time playing."
,Not Recommended,289650,14263483,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Blu-J,"GAMEPLAY:3/10STORY:3/10Micro Transactions and Glithches: The Game. Stale gameplay, stale plot. The character is as unresponsive as ever. You would think that after this many games, that they would release a AC game where the character didn't fight you for control.Want a AC style game without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t? Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor. Go buy it instead of this piece of trash."
,Recommended,289650,14264969,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Thym,A fun entry to the franchise but many technical problems may be setbacks - reach exceeded grasp but that doesn't stop it from being a good game.
,Not Recommended,289650,14358180,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Neobird,"While I can play Far Cry 4 ( a beautiful, well-polished game ) on ultra graphics, AC Unity crashes on the lowest settings. Save your money and buy AC 4 Black Flag."
,Recommended,289650,14075085,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Daethz,Game is still buggy with update 4.But it was an enjoyable game nontheless.
76561198085899780,Recommended,289650,14539410,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Evo,"Yes Unity is broken and has alot of problems. Despite that fact the game (if you can get to work) is really good it has a good amount of innovative parts like the open missions with multiple ways to approch a assassination, co-op, harder combat. Paris as expected is huge and full of things to do. The story while uninteresting does have a good main character. Arno was by far the best assassin since Ezio. If you are an Assassin's Creed fan get this game you WILL enjoy it, if you are not, this game will not change your mind and is a horrible game to get into the series with. Unity has its problems, major problems, but it is still very fun and worth getting."
76561197986602528,Not Recommended,289650,14584850,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Pirate Steve,"Let's start with the negative....  even though I'm 3 hours in there doesn't seem to be a whole lot of plot direction, weapons are easy to come by once you run a few very minor missions (able to buy a level 4 out of 5 weapon as soon as the game allowed me to), and anything that has to do with mobility absolutely sucks.  I was walking through a crowd once (in a restricted area), not pressing any climbing buttons, and started to climb a cart that I had stumbled upon.  Guards noticed me instantly, and had to start over from the beginning.  There have been several times where I've wanted to drop to a platform just below me and somehow managed to not only jump over it, but jumped all the way to the ground nearly killing me.  Getting to the specific area you want to be climbing is a mess.  Another mobility note:  I got trapped on a table once.  I climbed atop of it, and took nearly 5 minutes to figure out how to climb off of it.Moving on, combat is super sluggish.  I understand the drive to make it more realistic, but damn this is not fluid at all.  The other games were much more seamless in there transitions between different enemies and actually attacking them.  This is awful.On the positive side, I like how they added in a whole bunch of side missions/quests on top of the old mechanic.  Each quest seems to have a purpose and a legitimate reason instead of the oldgo here and do this sort of quest line.  Also, I like the addition of actually being able to enter plenty of buildings as escape routes.  Definitely more entertaining than ""climb indiscript building A, leap from building to building until you get away"".Moving on again, my first encounter of getting shot was incredibly annoying.  Then it grew on me: in reality, you'd be dead with one shot.  I shouldn't complain about how quickly they aimed and fired, let alone fire through a crowd.Either way, what happened to this franchise (or Ubisoft in general)?  It seems as though the franchise went downhill after brotherhood (Not including the black flag.  That one was TOTALLY worth it.  I recommend the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that one).  Seems as though it's difficult to push a ""block buster"" with any sort of good content now adays.3/10, would fall to my death in small doses again."
76561198015516702,Not Recommended,289650,13085656,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Voviine,"Everyone is distracted with the bugs with this game that no one is talking about the story.Played through it and it isn't worth it. Opening is weak, Arno is lame, there are some good supporting characters and the ending is lame. Nothing really dramatic ever happens, it doesn't add anything great to the AC universe. The story in this game could have been so much better! Big let down...If you like exploring,  questing and the idea of playing AC in co op then you will get some enjoyment out of it.Other than that it isn't worth the 60 dollars. It is a very pretty game though..."
,Not Recommended,289650,14967588,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Silverboss,Cant even get past the first few parts of the game... very disappointed as a long time AC fan ..
,Recommended,289650,14968543,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Roger Smith,"The most wonky game, Bad Rats had a better story. was ok 2.5/5"
76561198082987496,Recommended,289650,12950407,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Psygo86,"Bugs, frame drops, screen freezing, crashes. I expeted more from this title but wasted another 60EUR.EDIT: after patch 1.5 the game runs smooth, the major bugs have been fixed and its playable."
76561198052387478,Not Recommended,289650,14959279,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ssmiley1,"Won't play. Crashes to desktop as soon as it tries to load a game. I've tried everything, and Ubisoft support has been unhelpful so far."
76561198170643631,Recommended,289650,14943380,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,MSA108,"here's my rig:CPU: FX8350 @ 4.8GHzMOB: MSI 970 GAMINGGPU: ""2"" Radeon R9 290 XRAM: Vengeance 32 GB DDR3 @2400MHzI have changed my review after three weeks of going around with tech support via e-mail finally figured out the issue on why the game was playing so glitchy. I have three hard drives one SSD and two WD Black Drives for some reason the game would not play correctly when installed eather of my two internal WD drives, when steam and uplay was installed on  my SSD (my primary drive). After a complete uninstall and reinstall on my primary drive this game so for has been playing flawlessly with all settings on Very high. I still have all my other programs and games installed on the other drives as they play and run with no issues. This game for some reason seems to need to be on the same drive as the launch program."
,Not Recommended,289650,14544019,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,darkmoon,"Until all the bugs and especially the framerate issues are taken care of, this game is unplayable for me. Which is sad, because I enjoyed the return to the basics that this game brought. Right now it's not even playable due to the crash to desktop issues. And I don't intend to go through all those motions that I've found as a ""solution"". I believe that that isn't my responsibility but the developers. So I'm hoping for a ton of fixes in the next patch, and hopefully that will make the game playable.Got the game ""working"" by deleting temporary files and verifying the game cache once more. However, I think I was better off when it wasn't working. I find the controls lacking in a pretty big way. The cover system is utter crap to be honest. I often find that Arno suddenly clings to a wall all of a sudden in a fight when I was trying to dodge. The new ""improved"" movement system is just as crappy (if not worse) than AC1. I still suffer from stuttering. I've fallen through the world. I've got stuck on top of boxes etc. This is a highly unfinished product. This game is NOT worth any money spent on it. I wish I could give it more thumbs down than one."
76561198070589571,Not Recommended,289650,12930355,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Caleb,I revise my previous review. KILL IT WITH FIRE
76561198067283177,Not Recommended,289650,15221146,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,harte_20,This game was basicaly broken when it came out and when i was an hour or two into the game it would just crash for no reason The Parkour is good but the story is terrible the fighting machanic arn't the best. over all its not a good game a waste of 60 euro
,Recommended,289650,13838336,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Brander,"Long time fan of the Assassin's Creed games and recently from the past few games in the series I have been dissapointed, especially with Assassin's Creed 3, but for this game, I'm really enjoying it and it is very fun. The game and story feel like Assassin's Creed 2 which is a good thing. I also have to say that when I first installed the game and started playing it was laggy with low frames even on the lowest setting, that was until I updated my driver for my graphics card and now it runs nice and whever else is having frame-rate issues I recommend checking if your graphics card has a driver update."
76561198043965541,Not Recommended,289650,13838989,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SoulBane,"A huge step back from AC IV: Black Flag, and another victim of highly aggresive marketing hype. Almost nothing new is discovered about Abstergo, the historical tragic love story that takes place during the French Revolution between Arno and Elise is predictable and disappointing. Unexplored layers lead to one dimensional characterization. If you're a hardcore fan, wait until it's on sale. Not worth the $60."
76561198103509814,Not Recommended,289650,13842035,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,calebdshaw,"I would love to write a review about an exiting game expirience but over the last 8 times i have attempted to download and play the game it has crashed both the game and my system. I have owned the game sinse the release and I have never gotten past the first loading screen. The game just doesnt work. I am using one of the latest ASUS computors and the game still doesnt run. Don't buy this game. It is a waste of $60, and a major dissapointment. AC 3 was better than this piece of garbage."
,Not Recommended,289650,13842352,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Chicago Falcon,"TLDR: If you're like me (love AC and don't hate ubisoft), still, don't get this game unless you like frustrating controls.I bought this game over the Christmas sale after all the updates to it. I've always liked AC and never adopted any of the vitriolic ubisoft hatred thats been going around even after Watch_Dogs. I didn't want to pay full price and thought, how bad can it really be. The truth is, the game is not entirely bad. In fact, I'd say this game would be one of the best ever if it weren't for one thing. And this one thing isn't the graphics or the FPS drops or glitches, all things I don't really care about (and neither should a hypocritical gaming community that is always claiming ""graphics don't matter""). The thing that makes this game a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play is the controls and the camera. Now, most AC PC ports have funky controls, which is why I have a controller. Trying to play this game with a keyboard and mouse is almost entirely impossible. I can't climb up anything, response time is absurdly sluggish, and freerunning is a pain. You clamber around painfully slowly, refusing to move forward even when its perfectly safe. And the camera likes to swing wildly around which makes fights (where you have to see the enemy's healthbar if you want to parry anything) almost impossible. It is slightly more playable with a controller, and I'm going to continue tweaking the controls to see if I can actually play it.And I do really want to play the game because in all honesty, it looks like a beautiful game. Even with the small amount of the story i've seen, I already like Arno (and i've honestly never cared about the characters in any AC game, they've always been about the gameplay for me). The voice acting and character models are some of the best yet. The music is great. The environment is at its most immersive. Paris is exciting and interesting, and returning to the verticality of a European city after the last two games is refreshing. Yet the controls absolutely destroy my ability to play and enjoy the game. Its like trying to read a book backwards and upside down. My guess is that the controls were one of the things that suffered from the rushed release and never got fixed in any of the updates (I haven't had any crashing, freezing, or weird glitches since playing, so I'm just assuming that the updates fixed those problems.) And like I said, its also been a problem endemic to AC pc ports (and is even a problem extending back to the Prince of Persia ports). Seriously Ubisoft, stop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all over PC gamers."
76561198017891554,Recommended,289650,13843851,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Malore,Le Baguette.
,Not Recommended,289650,13108727,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,CrazyPriest,"I've now played the game for 5 hours and I'm already sick of it. This game is so boring. The main character is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the storyline is not interesting at all. There are still some technical issues, which still are not fixed. Don't play this game, there are better Assassin's Creed games out there. I've played every Assassin's Creed game and this one is the worst I have played. This may very well be the end of the franchise as we know it."
,Not Recommended,289650,13854176,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MelzasV,"ok, calm down everybody and read this one please.If you're an Assassin's Creed fan I think you should still buy the game, but you have to set your mind differently. I could go through the whole ""BUGS"" and ""LAGGY VIDEO"" experience, I played with some garbage equipment games that were ABSOLUTE MADNESS to be played on my previous pcs so I have been kind of satisfied with some of the visuals; Paris is awesome (guess they did a really awesome job since I am from ROME and AC Brotherhood was BS in a matter of distance between places and all of that, I mean, they made F-ING ROME look like the one in NY state); the parkour is pretty cool, new and more fluid (AND BELIEVABLE) moves have been added to the gameplay. NOW THO. The storyline. I'm not gonna spoil anything about the finale, but the story was VERY disappointing. It goes NOWHERE and people who are getting mad at ubisoft to CHANGE the finale, they are doing it for the WRONG REASONS and they are casual gamers, basically the people who make this♥♥♥♥♥♥happen, always concerned about GRAPHICS and STUPID DETAILS and MY SUITS AREN'T COOL ENOUGH. I hate you, you are ruining this for me, for EVERYONE. They are all concerned about NOTHING. This game is garbage because of what I've got used to. Ubisoft, you lied to all of us, who have been following this from the start. I hope who reads this review has played the game already (which I know is not really what this is meant to be for, but still...) and agrees with me, watching forums and topics on the internet about this game is an entrance to the VOID of absolute NOTHINGNESS in gaming. Hope they change their course soon."
76561198011599248,Recommended,289650,13854400,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,NerdorDead,needs more fixxing and the framerate is still very low but its a nice game
,Not Recommended,289650,13856064,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,PatrickChan,"The vast majority of pc's can't play this game at an acceptable framerate, even on the absolute lowest settings possible. Completely unnacceptable level of bugginess"
76561198045093193,Recommended,289650,13884607,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Wraith,from what i know of assassins creed this is one of the better games this one however also has a more tragic story and the main reason people are disliking it is because they want naval combat which doesn't really lead into the french revolution which is one of the better settings of the series
76561198067912239,Not Recommended,289650,13845855,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,rsmorel4991,"This game is worth nothing, Ubisoft again wants to make money quick...and here it is! I have never seen a game that has so many bugs and errors...it is very frustating as a player to be bother by that kind of negligence from the makers of this game. Ubisoft you stink... and if you keep on selling us game like this one that never properly worked from day one...well you just lost a good customer and mostly a loyal customer. I am fed up with your casual disregard towards your fans and customers. Enough is enough I don't want to have another frustrating year like last year, playing your games and having to deal with bugs after bugs....no mas!"
,Recommended,289650,13848059,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Nosferatu_Dude90,"Well now more then ever I can indeed recommend this game.1. Im a fan of AC2. They actually did fix the game with the latest 1.4 patch3. It looks amazing, and with the right rig you can get to 50fps on max settings (with fxaa), I did with my gtx 970 MSI.So yeah the gameplay is different from the other games in the series. (new parkour system, combat, graphics, side mission, and more) but for me its different in a good way, its fresh, the gameplay is smoother, and one of the main things that ive liked about ACU is that you have plenty things to do after the main mission like the co op missions. I do feel that the money ive spent gives me the fun Ive expected from this game."
,Not Recommended,289650,13829751,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,BetterToaster,"Let me first off state that I am a MASSIVE fan of this series and have played nearly every game they made. Initially I thought that people were just hating on the game because people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. But nope. This game is so poorly optimized that it's really quite embarrassing. Its choppy, randomly crashes and the resolution is basically unchageable (the game set it at 1200x1000 or something like that while my monitor is more around 3000x1800). I regret to say that I am very dissappointed in this game. If/when it actually gets optimized for pc, I will play it any no doubt love it, but until then, it's going to be sitting there gathering dust."
76561198058656169,Not Recommended,289650,14087134,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Nosferatu Zodd,Buggy and just not very helpful
76561198020393501,Not Recommended,289650,14091078,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dazhuko,"Its been roughly 2+ months and the game still cannot handle 4 player coop without crashing, freezing, kicking players, lagging, or bugging so badly missions cannot be completed.  Expected better from a series that has such a big name.2/10would not bang again."
76561197967646363,Not Recommended,289650,14093548,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Jewbacca,I spent $900 upgrading my computer so i could play this on Ultra and only have had 4 lags longer than 5 min. so i guess thats nice
,Not Recommended,289650,13934060,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Crushdatface,Biggest waste of $60 bucks.....ever...
,Not Recommended,289650,13938927,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Cpace1k,"I wish I would have believed the ratings this game was the worst puchase I have made since 2010 I mean WOW ubisoft really did great with the crew but this game ACU, there is no excuse no matter what settings i put this game on it has huge lag spikes every 3 seconds, if your reading the reviews thinking about buying this game, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!"
,Not Recommended,289650,13064224,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Canadaman,"If u just want my star rating: 5.5/10Best AC game since AC 2 (not counting in expansions such as liberty freedom cry brotherhood ect ect) not that that is saying much. last few were complete trash for the actual story of AC. only recommend this on sale but its fun gameplay, if u play AC for the story though, then u shouldve stopped trying with these games ages ago.-I dont not recommed the game so i put i recommend but dont pay full price for this broken game (invisible blocades in roads, glitching floors and what not (patches slowly fixing these))-FINAL POINT: read the specs required most negative reviews seem to b bittching about crashes and bugs that r the consumers fault for buying a game their comp cant handle rather than being ubisofts fault for releasing an unfinnished product (which they did but not as bad as ppl make it out to b, but still bad)5.5/10~EDIT~Lol they made it near unplayable with the last 2 uodates, not worth 5cents let alone 70dollars~EDIT 2~K, so they are still fixing in game purchases before playability and rather than fixing countless bugs that make the game look like its in Alpha still, they decided to release a semi broken DLC... anyone remember Atari's infamous ""ET""? I feel like this is the beginning of the end for UBI..."
76561197996803849,Not Recommended,289650,13196232,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Robske,"I do love the assassins creed franchise, but I cannot recommend this game. It was never ready to be launched and the post support has stopped with limited improvement to the game overall since launch. The story never pulled me in and I felt there was limited freedom in what I could do in this game. It is a however a technical step forward for the franchise, but I dont think that makes it a good game in its own right. Play Black Flag or Rouge you will have more fun."
76561198127752173,Not Recommended,289650,14573447,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dimitris Dick,10/10 would donate 60€ again
76561198066059233,Recommended,289650,13033159,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Proximity,Its the one of the best games i've ever played!
76561197989220215,Not Recommended,289650,16244177,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,MagicJar,"When I first got ACU I tried playing it and it kept crashing, found this crash was due to Ubisofts own uPlay overlay crashing the game so I had to manually disable it.Second issue was upon opening the game a second time after playing a few hours the game no longer loads and locks my computer on a black screen and takes up all my computers processing power not allowing me to open up task manager and requiring a restart of the whole computer."
76561198081324329,Not Recommended,289650,16245852,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Parafox,"I'm extremely glad I got this on sale, because this has been one of my more disappointing purchases to date. On the lowest settings physically possible I'm still experiencing sub-30 fps more or less constantly (I'm running Intel Core i7-4770 @ 3.4 GHz, GTX 645 (admittedly below the minimum 680) and 8GB RAM). From what I've played so far this is a pretty nice game, but to play it at a half-decent speed pretty beefy hardware is necessary.With that said, I didn't have the language availability issues that other users reported: all of the languages listed on this page were included in-game in my case."
76561198157870777,Not Recommended,289650,16235896,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Bruisex,"DO not buy, completely unplayable"
,Recommended,289650,16236721,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Ginjaninja,"Great game, not to far in the story but already love it, huge AC fan."
,Not Recommended,289650,16241868,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Mega Mango,Game crashed and now the saves on my uplay and local disk aren't synched so every time I play I have to restart over and the game won't save.
,Recommended,289650,15178348,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,TekLest,played for 2 week now i like the new button layout should have been i the other AC games.
76561197998448630,Recommended,289650,15026979,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,^9Markus Johansen,"well what can I say?the game is a pure mess! not only because of random fps drops, there are more, so much more. the game sometimes freezes, well it drops to 0fps for like 4 sec.there is a SLI bug witch make the game flicker until your eyes bleed, but luckly there is a fix for that.On the other side:the story is great, the dead kings DLC was both long and good.I love the new mecanics of assassins creed and that there are like 200 people on the street, it makes the game feel more alive and really ads on the revelotion.the multiplayer was fun.BUT:the most horrible horrible horrible thing about this game is the random bug witch makes ur character ""leap"" on a leadge witch donst exist and u get stuck. and you have to restart a sick long quest or leave the multiplayer. this bug is just pure evil.even tho there is more negativ then positiv I liked the game.I knew of the bugs and preformance issues before i bought the game so I  was prepared ofc."
76561198154536681,Recommended,289650,12921385,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,BootyLover69,"IMPORTANTIf you are an Nvidia Graphics card user you are in luck, becasue Ubisoft said that the most bugs and problems are in AMD cards. At first I was not sure should i get this game, because I did not know if it will work. IT WORKED PERFECTLY FINE. (I have a Nvidia Geforce GTX 745 and Intel i7 3.6 ghs) There are some frame rate issue, but the game is playable. AMD users should wait a little bit, because Ubisoft is working with AMD right now to fix the glitches."
76561198041695875,Recommended,289650,14434707,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Milk Man,Although it had a very rough start Ubisoft has managed to get it to how it should of been at release.  I just wont be preordering another Ubisoft game.  They also removed to compainion app and initiates requirments.
,Recommended,289650,13979240,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Wicked Angel,"UPDATE: Ubisoft released Patch 5 and I started a new run on Unity. I just finished a second playthrough on Patch 5, and now I feel comfortable recommending this game.With many if not all glitches fixed, the content of Unity is excellent. Lots of combat and assassin stuff to do, and the coop is excellent. Truthfully, the game is now very playable, and it is a blast.Below that little line though is my original review. I leave it there unaltered because the game did have a rough launch and that's what I thought at the time. But Patch 5 seems like it really polished things up a lot, and I have had a blast with the game at this point.  :)Anyway, thank for reading my review. Good luck have fun.=========I don't know. I am an Assassin Creed fan. So I will buy these things even if it calls me names the whole time. Because ever since Black Flag, which inspired me to get most of the back catalog of Assassin's Creed games...I am so into the concept that it is frightful.I loved Assassin's Creed 2, and Ezio remains my favorite character of the entire franchise, although Edward Kenway was a bad♥♥♥♥♥as well.On one hand, Unity has a lot of promise. On the other hand, it is a glitchy experience. I would still get it again.But its like this game is cursed. Steam is advertsing Dead Kings. But it isn't on Steam yet. D: I don't know. Can I recommend it? It attempts to get back to the basics in a good way, and in some regards is solid, and the co-op is a blast when it works.Ultimately, no I cannot recommend it. I would buy it again, but I am afflicted, and love the series, in a way that might be clinically unhealthy. I will slog through Ubi-stuff and Steam-stuff just to make Arno jump on someone's head from a second story balcony. I even installed the companion app on my laptop, and I sit here, bouncing between two PCs soaking in the Unity experience, because I miss Edward Kenway and Ezio just that much.But...it has many problems. :( They are sad problems. Very sad. The story is awesome in places. But the game is just really problematic. I cannot in good consious recommend this title. Get Far Cry 4. That one rocks."
76561198125404990,Recommended,289650,15089955,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,[DNC]Vice,"For my opnion if you do have crashing issues I would check out the graphics card first, because that was my main reason why it did not work. Also it indicates the minimum requirements for the game to even run smoothly. If you do happen to have any higher than that I still recommend if there is a driver update to update it then."
76561198027468968,Not Recommended,289650,15102501,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Storlard,"This game is a complete waste of your money. DO NOT BUY!!!! The preformance issues alone give you cancer, not to mention the god awful fraphics settings you're forced to run on if you want to actualy play the game. The storyis.....meh?If you are considering buying this game, you should go to see a phsycologist because you are probably insane."
,Not Recommended,289650,14339637,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,lavinytuttini,"You have destroyed a big game. The worst of the worst of the saga. I stay at least with Black Flag. Here, slow battles, whom has introduced this system has to get fired because I thoroughly enjoyed the previous chapters and this system is not even the shoe sole of his predecessors. Full of bugs, devoid of a good story and gameplay. I will not think bad, but it seems that money is calling you more than the satisfaction of your players. Both love and appreciation for everything that Ubisoft have earned to me, today has decremented to the point of never buy a Ubi game without having studied in depth analysis by millions of players."
76561198081772942,Recommended,289650,15528997,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,club bob,how to regain the key to play because i lost my one our if one of yall give me your key
76561198041596998,Not Recommended,289650,12974607,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,bret768,PC version on a high end game system the controls for climbing and jumping do not work. Game is completely broken and a waste of 89.00/I would not revommend purchasing this or you will lose your money on a game that can not be played
76561198122813463,Recommended,289650,12975607,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,StayFrosty,"A little unstable, and needs some work. It also doesn't feel as smooth as other ac games, I was stumbling across the map and it wasn't letting me go from ledge to ledge like I felt like it should. Needs some work, but otherwise fun."
,Recommended,289650,12975664,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,BulKathos,"Just played for 3 hours and at the moment i give it 8/10. I love this game. It might be choppy at times but it is playable with 35-45 fps which is alright. With another patch or two , it might be a 10/10 hopefully. I `m glad i purchased it."
76561197962234936,Not Recommended,289650,12975931,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,sapperman7,"Full of bugs, and the story is going down hill fast."
76561198078801412,Not Recommended,289650,12961994,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Darin,"Update- scratch all of that can't get through a mission now without dropping to 5 FPSI love it. I haven't enjoyed an Assassin's Creed game since Revelations. The PC version is pretty crappy though, but for some reason for me (3rd gen i7 & Nvidia 660) anyway, running the game at medium settings (although putting the settings on low caused all kinds of problems) takes care enough of the frame rate droppage where it's playable. Even as a broken peice of sh!t, I'm enjoying it. That could be because whenever the game does mess up, I blame it on the Animus out of habit, but that's just me. The Assassin missions are a step up; stealth plays a heavier role; customization has options; storyline flows so far; co-op are fun lengthy missions. If they get it running fluidly, it'll be close to a dime out of ten. I only recommend it though right now if you're okay with whats essential a beta. I'd wait a few patches otherwise."
,Not Recommended,289650,12976827,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Raejyn,"Unless they do some major patches, it's kind of screwed right now for the PC. I've played it on the PS4 and it's a fun game. I really like it. But, my main platform is the PC, and that is what I bought, the PC version (STEAM version), but at the moment, it's unplayable. Half the time it won't even get past the title screen. When it does get past the title screen it was laggy, even on low graphics. I have a GeForce GT 720M in my laptop. Not top of the line, but definitely not a CRAP GPU. Since Patch 2 was released it's even worse. Also, with patch 2 my synchronized game ended up getting reset. So, I guess I need to start over. Haven't played much since patch 2, as it was far to laggy and i was annoyed with my reset game. (which BTW, ubisoft hasn't even replied to my help request about. I'm sure they are busy, but a simple, ""we'll get back to you when we fix our SNAFU"",  would have been fine."
76561197973737234,Not Recommended,289650,12976849,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,MustaKrakish,"The Graphics optimizations for this game are horrible. I have everything set to low, and the game is still unplayable."
,Not Recommended,289650,12976854,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,I'm Unhygienic Dan,"Wow, got halfway throught the game...and saves get corrupted. Best game ever, I don't know how you guy ever got through testing this♥♥♥♥♥♥..if it cant even run on super high end PC's I doubt your testers were able to play it, which leads me to believe that you guys purposely released a Broken game. When all you guys go on about a time frame for a game release, realise that us gamers are lenient we really dont care when a game is going to come out as long as it ♥♥♥♥ing works. This is very embaraasing and unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,289650,12976882,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Searcle the Cuckservative,"I was fine with the millions of server problems, bugs, and crashes... but when I was unable to play all day then returned earlier, I got a message saying my save was corrupted and I ahd to start the game over again. WHAT IS THE ♥♥♥♥ING POINT OF ALWAYS BEING ONLINE IF IT DOESN'T SAVING MY ♥♥♥♥ING GAME YOU GODDAMN PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥CUNTS FROM UBISOFT. I love assassin's creed, but this game is a pile of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥that ubisoft put out without a goddamn concern for their innocent customers. I love ubisoft in general, but I hope their president and CEO both choke on mechanical bull♥♥♥♥♥♥♥while being anally violated with a lawnmower blade. This is not acceptable for a company of this stature to put out a utterly broken game. They needed to have pushed back the release date so they could at least fix one problem. I absolutely love the idea of the game and many mechanics, but I will never start this game again unless I get: 1) my saves back 2) a hand written letter from corporate staff at Ubisoft that offers both an apology and a sloppy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and 3) any form of financial compensation for my wasted money, time, and goddamn stress this smelly pile of scat I was presented with has induced.♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥A highly offended and never to return customer"
76561198153613265,Not Recommended,289650,12977024,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Originalgolem7,i didn'have a cd key so it would not let me play the game and i want a total refund for the game
76561198035416355,Not Recommended,289650,12977074,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Volardin,Completely unplayble. Riddled with glitchs and errors.
76561198021380911,Not Recommended,289650,12977106,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Stonehunt,"I love all of the previous games but i have never been so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off before. Wall climbing and combat suck terribly now. Most of the time i cant get my character to do what i want him to do, or go the way i want. Combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥at best. Never can dodge attacks and blocking attacks with 3+ guys is almost impossible. All you end of doing is trying to block the whole time before you get shot."
,Not Recommended,289650,12891143,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,shocktroop3012,"UPDATE: I am updating my review. I originally recommended this game. It is beautiful and I really liked it. But to spend twenty hours and then have Uplay synch erase or corrupt my save file so now I am starting all over........ Just sucks. I don't want anyone to have the sinking feeling of being kicked in the stomach like I have.Original:I know some folks don't have the computer to run this game but for those that do, wow. It's a truly beautiful game that. I was skeptical about getting it but glad I did. So far the cut scenes (I've never seen facial expressions this good) as well as general play are quite good. If you have the computer to run it properly, I don't think you will be disappointed."
76561197969662999,Not Recommended,289650,12979930,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,raven,"My save game just hard reset, lost it all and have to start again from scratch.Simply not good enough."
76561198040238087,Recommended,289650,12970990,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,somniumind01,"+ Impressive recreation of Paris, good characters, lots of stuff to do.- Disastrous performance, unbelievable bugs, disappointing ending (my opinion).I recommend the game but not in this state. Wait for Ubisoft to fix it, if they don't do it, then don't buy.PS the british accents are really ridiculous. And Ubisoft, I really wanted to play as Elise."
,Recommended,289650,12965347,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Spider-Juan,"Love the game, everything(so far) has happened in France and not outside the Animus, the gameplay is awesome alltough it has som bugs and a few framerate drops!"
76561198053745370,Recommended,289650,12922519,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SpOoKy,THIS GAME GAVE ME CANCERI FELL THROUGH THE FLOOR AND DIED IN THE FIRST 30 seconds OF THE GAME THEN MY COMPUTER CRASHEDUBISOFT NEVER AGAIN*nvm patched alot of it great game
76561198042303932,Recommended,289650,12968662,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Sannie,Awesome game only terriable running sometimes
76561198009682170,Recommended,289650,12969603,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Wilborg,"I'm really enjoying the hell out of this.I don't get how they are purposefully ignoring the plot of the revolution, though. It's one of the greatest, most violently disgusting chapters in world history with every imaginable twist handed to them on a silver platter ...and they are doing next to nothing with it.But the game mechanics are delicious and the fights are awesome! So a highly unusual thumbs down to ...Abstergo Entertainment, for dodging the history, but total glee at the general carnage and destruction.Hurrah!"
76561198069598814,Not Recommended,289650,12970566,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Dead,"I think some sort of collateral is due to anyone that bought this game while the Ubisoft review embargo was going on. They knew about every problematic detail and instead of facing it like a mature company should have, we get this. I do not recommend this game, due to the lack of respect and care the company has for it's players."
76561198041972521,Not Recommended,289650,13809866,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Zaiyah,"The game is still largely unplayable as of 1/3/2015.  Even set tto the lowest settings  it lags out like i'm playing a crowded mmo.  More updates are needed to deal with the overdone graphics effecting gameplay by bringing it to a crawl.You can't parry or effectively freerun if your screen is skipping all over which is a big portion of the game.I was simply hoping that it had been patched enough so I bought this game despite the reviews.  (Steam's sale helped too) but ultimately it just isn't worth it yet.And to those saying just get a better rig, no one wants to spend 2-3k on a computer to play one $60 game.   It reminds me of how Final Fantasy 14 was (graphically) upon release which caused similar issues.  An art team that was allowed to run wild for the sake of it simply being pretty instead of functional."
76561198072982656,Not Recommended,289650,13810197,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,virtari,"I loved Blag Flag, and really looked forward into this. What a dissapointment. I have ""Recommended"" specs, and it does not run well at all. I have to lower the settings so low that i might as well play AS 3. What a example of bad coding and game industry ripp-off. I pity eveyone who decided to rush in the project and release this tard."
,Not Recommended,289650,13792238,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Spectre,"I have quite a good gaming PC and before getting the game I went into detail all over the internet to see if I had specs good enough to play this game, and from what i saw it was OK. But, as soon as I got it it started laging and even if I put it on the lowest settings it still lage. I want my money back. But if you have a BRILLIANT PC then go for it from what I'ves een on YouTube its an OK game."
,Recommended,289650,13812391,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Xaelos,"I have to say, I was a little weary to buy this game after some of the negative reviews.  When I first bought it, I had GTX680's.  I recently upgraded to GTX980's.  I have a friend who plays it on AMD 5870.  After a few patches the game became playable.  I have to say... playing open world coop in Assassin's Creed is pretty awesome. The animations and combat is more comprehensive, but harder.  I'd say if this game had no technical issue at the start it would have been deemed the best Assassin's Creed.  Now that it works for me, I love it."
76561198153913022,Recommended,289650,13835868,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Stiensen,"In a short, clear, and straight to the point review:In order to get a full and enjoyable experience you need:-A good configuration? Of course! If you don't have a beast, tweak down shadows and other stuff to get some fluid results. With My GTX 760 I got a satisfying and mostly stable 30-40 fps. Now with a nice gtx 970 the game is smooth as ♥♥♥♥!-Raging for optimization and no respect for pc gamers? Read point stated above, upgrade.-Thought you could run it like the first AC? Again, upgrade, quickly.Actual config:MSI GTX 970CPU i7 4770K8GB RAMWorks like a charm ♥♥♥♥♥♥ing aside, you'll NEED a full and stable download. If it craches, like constantly at the same point, you got that wrong. If it continues crashing, try to cool down your cpu, it might be too big for it to handle.Anyway, this game is NOT terrible, I enjoyed it and will enjoy it for a long time. 9/10 (just for the launching fail, now that was a bummer)"
76561198077272681,Not Recommended,289650,13003682,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ttony0321,"the graphic is really good but the bugs,and frame drop...♥♥♥♥♥♥............."
76561198025873471,Recommended,289650,13075732,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Casshern_Sins,"THIS IS A LONG AND FULL REVIEW OF GAMEPLAY, prepare to do a lot of reading (but is worth the read for a good critque, in my opinion).(For some reason Steam thinks the word C-L-I-T-C-H-E is the word that rhymes with ""rich"" and describes a woman you hate, so if you see a sensored word in the area titled story, that's why)For the record even with the new patches that have come out I still have crashes on my PC:i7-4810MQ Quad 2.8 GHz, 840GT NVIDEA Card, 8GB RAM, up-to-date graphics software, Win 7. etc...BUT I found a solution, If I cahnge my Laptop's resolution (I use a gaming laptop, I'll get hate for that) to 1360x780 I get ZERO crashing and with patches glitches happen 98% percent less. I can change my Latop's resolution and after that I set the game's resolution Lower. That way it is still Fullscreen BUT my computer can handle it MUCH much much better. So for anyone who can't play much because of crashes, that is one option. Graphics are amazing so it will still look fantastic.ANYWAY, game critquePAY TO PLAY:This game does have some online payment feature that can get you upgrades instead of having to play the story all the way through to get them. Where some people raise ALL KINDS of h-e-l-l for this I clap my hands to Ubisoft. They have a perfect balance of the Pay to Play features; you can beat the game without buying anything (with real money) like I did.I played out the entire story, it was tough and missions needed TONS of thought put into them but to me that added a sense of difficulty and a challenge that I like.COMBAT:This game's combat forces you to have some real skill and also makes you have to refocus how you play the game. I, personally, have always wanted to be more of a stealthy Assassin and avoid direct combat (makes the game more strategic and in my opinion more engaging). Unfortunately, in previous games I was being stealthy for no real reason except to get MAXED OUT syncronization.In Unity my strategy is almost a necessity because of how tough it is to fight your way through enemies. Enemies have skill and are more broad in terms of categories while also being slightly harder to differentiate making them harder to discriminate in combat on how you fight them. Unity got rid of instant kill counters making the game more realistic in the sense that combat isn't that simple. If you get two experienced fighters or two non-experienced fighters and make them go all out none of them (when fighting their equal) will be able to use magic counters to defeat one-another.You can still use counters and moves to knock down oppenents to execute them BUT that requires some ""grinding"" (kinda) in order to learn those skills which, as a player, makes you feel like you're actually gaining knowledge as you continue through the game ( at least I felt that way).STRATEGY:This game is the only AC game that actually makes you have to THINK about what you have to do to kill your target. Depending on your style of playing you have ways to tank through soldiers, avoid soldiers and go straight to your target, distract soldiers (and maybe your target) using allies or side-quest aid, etc.There isn't one way to get your target anymore and with buildings being areas you can freely go in and out of there is more pressure to avoid detection. The reason is that enemies from outside buildings can actually run in after you so there isn't a magic barrier anymore from the outside and the inside.There are multiple ways to stealtfully attack your target and escape from your target. There isn't one door to a building (at least not always) there are underground routes, direct routes (the front door), side routes (windows and stuff). You have variety which can be essential to how you play.STEALTH:Haystacks aren't everywhere....which is normal in actual cities even in older cities of past eras. Without abundunt haystacks you can't just spam hiding corpses (which plays into combat somewhat) so if you kill someone (even with a silent assassination) you run the risk of them, the corpses, being found and you being discovered. If you are discovered you can't just hide anywhere you like so you are more pressured to avoid detection at all costs meaning that you can't just kill every guard you see anymore, making the game much more difficult.The crouch system is finally here but has flaws. It doesn't let you hide anywhere, just at certain covers areas, sometimes, I have not always been able to take cover when I want, sadly, so it needs to be fixed up a bit.There isn't a spammed amount of cover anywhere and enemies can also look up if you climb a wall, so not being detected is something you should always aim for.You also have dozens of ways to escape enemies with smoke and stun grenades. You also have fire crackers to distract guards and make them focuss their attention somewhere other than you so you can sneak past them.ENEMIES:Enemies are serious. They are hard to beat, even the lower levels, and I actually found heavy weapon fighter enemies are easier because they are slower. Fast hitting enemies are a pain and have the ability to parry and counter you making you to have to be patient when fighting them, which is hard if you have two other fast hitting enemies and a heavy enemy attacking you at once.This makes combat nothing to laugh at and you are highly recommended to either bulk up your abilities at hand-to-hand combat and get thicker skin (haha...reference to game's ability) and get better armor (they look like normal clothes in the Customize menu but they're armor) OR you just avoid combat all together and be better at not being detected all the time.STORY:Kind of clitche, but so is every popular story eventually. There aren't that many popular themes to choose from. I mean if you watch one movie considered to be a SUSPENSE thiller you've seen about 90% of what is out there in the market. There aren't many unique stories that people can actually stay and listen to on massive scales so I won't criticize the revenage clitche and the romance clitches. Although, I appreciate Arno being a French version of Ezio, he is a good character.The story builds-up but with its typical theme I could predict Arno's story pretty easily in terms of who is the Templar Grandmaster and blah blah blah...NO spoilers here. The characters are pretty good at connecting with the audience, somewhat, but some do have some transparency but ONE character actually made a good effort to flip the script, BUT I did catch on enough to see it coming (if you played the whole game you may know what I mean, if you haven't play yet well you'll see the surprise soon enough).But the characters for some reason stop building themselves up. I mean at a certain point (maybe half way) they stop character development and it just focuses on the missions. I actually forgot the purpose of why I was hunting the Templar Grandmaster until they happened to bring it up near the end. So the story has become MUCH more dull but it is still something that some people may like.I mean in the beginning he makes it clear why he wants to be an Assassin. Then almost until the end you can actually totally forget why he even exists. It kinda sucks....Also, why does every character (except some NPC's) have a British dialect??? I mean...that was just a ♥♥♥♥ up on Ubisoft's part. Should have found other voice actors for the English translationOverall I give this game a good 8/10 (though glitches need to be fixed for gameplay to not screw up)"
76561198065310482,Not Recommended,289650,12887934,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dr. Cocktopus,"After beating the game, I feel like I can write an accurate review finally.Combat(6/10): Combat is more difficult than previous installments. However, for all the wrong reasons. It's more difficult because the camera angle makes it impossible to see who is about to attack you half the time. Also, when someone is pointing a gun at you, it let's you know when they are about to shoot (sometimes). I say sometimes because half the time, it doesn't even show that someone is pointing a gun at you. Also, unless you are in combat, you cannot dodge bullets from snipers. This is a massive flaw because they have the most accurate 1800's rifle you will ever see.Story(1/10): Absolutely and utterly disappointing. As a huge fan of the AC storyline, beating this game and watching the credits roll made my jaw drop, again, for all the wrong reasons. Your character outside the animus basically no longer exists and doesn't really tell you why you're searching for this ""antagonist"" in the first place. Then, it hardly touches any of the Eden story and explains nothing about how the pieces got into the hands of the ""antagonist"". The story is basically about how Arno is trying to avenge the death of someone important to him. No twists. A five year old could have written the story to this game.Mechanics(8/10): The mechanics are much better than other AC games, but still have some flaws. Going through a window is harder than it should be. Going into cover is generally worthless because you can't go around a corner in cover, which defeats the purpose most of the time. If you are seen by someone you can literally just run away without any sort of trouble. Just keep running and you eventually lose them. No need for fancy tricks when you can just outrun the guards.Unlockables (2/10): One of my biggest pet peeves with this game. About 80% of the best armor is locked with absolutely no way to unlock it besides playing Club Competition, which ISN""T EVEN OUT YET. God knows when they will release it and when they do, it'll probably be bugged to hell. Extremely infuriating because I have about 500,000 in game currency and nothing to spend it on. To give you an idea of how fast you can get the best gear, my friend had a corrupt file and had to restart. Doing a few heists and missions, which took about 2 hours max, he was almost the max ""level"".Co-op (3/10): Co-op has so much potential, but there are about 11 co-op missions and 7 heists. These aren't exact numbers, but you get the point. For a game that focused so heavily on co-op, they skimped heavily on the co-op missions. Honestly, the only heists you should be doing are the most difficult ones. The only thing that changes is the level of the guards. So if you do a level 1 heist, there will be 40 guards. Do a level 5 heist, and there will be 40 guards. Since you have to sneak around anyway, it's basically the same thing except your reward is about 10000% greater."
,Not Recommended,289650,13217638,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Pupper for a lifetime,"It's even worse than AC3. I can't say that game is completely awful but buy it ONLY when price will drop. And even if you won't buy it, trust me, you are not missing anything, except co op, that is probably one of the few redeeming qualities of the game along with Paris. They finally brought back assassination missions like in first game but they didnt even try to put any creativity in them. Story is weak, so weak, that Shaun's notes in database are more interesting than overall plot."
,Recommended,289650,12956253,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ChristofferseN,"It's a very great game, but it's bad optimized for pc. I hope that it will get patched soon. :3"
76561198067532747,Not Recommended,289650,12957968,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ครђค,"I have preordered, played, and enjoyed every Assassin's Creed game, sense the first one. Some of them may have had their issues, but they've always been playable. I preorder AC Unity, and AC Rogue, and pick them up the same day. Rogue runs just fine, Unity? Riddled with bugs, freezing, crashes, and of course the insainly slow framerate. Assassin's Creed Unity is unplayable. Seems like my wait to play through this game will be even longer. I highly suggest not paying for this game, until Ubisoft fixes this issue."
76561198042702390,Not Recommended,289650,12959411,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Specteir,"Horrible fps problems, wait until Ubisoft fixes their broken game..."
,Not Recommended,289650,12959646,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Azslast,Don't just don't. Wait untill they push out some patches.
,Not Recommended,289650,12959669,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,LilHawg,"IT WON""T STARTI LITERALLY HAVE THE MOST POWERFUL LAPTOP YOU CAN GET AND I ""DON'T MEET THE MINIMAL REQUIREMENTS""QUIT CUTTING CORNERS DAMMITWHEN YOU ARE BEATEN BY A DAMN SONIC GAME YOU KNOW YOU SCREWED UP"
,Not Recommended,289650,12960293,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[SG-X] Radar11x,"Give this game 4 months to fix game gfx engine issues, but expect the same bugs and control issues that has plaged the these games since the first one."
76561198056401635,Not Recommended,289650,12960469,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,TheRook,"Not gonna beat the dead horse and mention the bugs and glitches like getting trapped in a corner by a door, or a cover assasination glitching me into a column. Its just the story that bugs me, its such a cliche revenge story that we have seen before with few really exciting plot twists. Coupled with the bland totally saw it coming ending and the anti climactic resolution to the problem of the current day assassians was a let down. The combat was decent, even fun, when i was able to get a decent frame rate, but overall not enought to save my opinion of the game. Maybe the DLC will improve my opinion at a later date, but current game is not one I would reccomend."
76561198040845987,Not Recommended,289650,12960579,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,CORRUPTION645,"dissapointing graphics, dissapointing story, very dissapointed with the way the words do not match the lips in the cut scenes"
,Not Recommended,289650,12960657,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dr. Roast,Can't play COOP i hate this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥I bought it for coop but i get this error everytime it makes me so ♥♥♥♥ing sick to see another million dollars go down the drain♥♥♥♥ you Ubishit
,Not Recommended,289650,12961188,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ghost,UPLAYUnstable platformEntire platform unstable connection
76561198014788314,Not Recommended,289650,12961511,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ThatGuyInYourBathroom,"*(DONT BUY YET)*OH MY GOD. When I purchased this game I assumed I had the required graphics to at least play the damn game but I was dead wrong.I've got a NVIDIA 630 and a 680 is required, so that's my fault, but I can still play- but that's where the issues come in.Starting the game off, I immedietally encountered stuttering mouses, video, and glitches abundant. Arno's hair was as long as Paris itself and glitching to vertical and horizontal position in every cutscene. I lowered it to the lowest of graphics and removed all graphical affects, and then stared at the ground and still there was an enormous amount of lag and stutter, the audio works fine, but the graphics are no fun at such a low quality and ontop of the issues. I fixed the mouse (although now the mouse lags with the video)Not to mention steam should provide a refund for a game this bugged, it's pratcially broken and I do wish I could send it back in, two of the hours spent in the game I have was spent trying to fix the damn graphics in the first sequence and the other hour was spent failing miserably and lagging horribly trudging through the barely playable first sequence.Other than that, the game's fine.Except the fact that I occasionally (Quite often) Just randomly get stuck on Free-running objects and get stuck without any ability to move, or the platform continues beyond the object and I end up runnning on air, or the hair, as I said of course, grows magnitudes larger than Rapunzel's braid and decides to do the windmill when I try to play. The camera angles can get screwed up sometimes, especially in the church scene when trying to find out what that coin is, it's just like in Assassins Creed 2 when in the cathedral trying to unlock Altair's armor, except worse, my camera, instead of blocking my vision, became my vision and I ended up going into the floor.I don't know if I'll ever get to play this game, or if another patch will remove the framerate issue and at least let me play it smoothly on lowest graphics (No lag, no stutter, just not broken like it is) then I'll be saved, but I don't know how long that will take. I was bought this game for 60 dollars, and the only way I can see a solution to the issue at the current moment is to:-Purchase a 680-770 graphics card: $200-600-Purchase a PS4/XBOX1 - $400-Rebuy Assassins Creed Unity $60- Purchase membership $50Total: $510.I probably screwed myself over on this part, but if a patch comes out any time soon that answers my prayers I may enjoy the next installement in the series.But please, please Ubisoft, next time you make a game, warn the players if it's screwed up and you know (10 hours ban on reviews), and just release it for prev-Gen console as well as next-gen.I need to go cry now, but the conclusion to my review is Do not buy it, check your graphics, don't make my mistake, and wait until it's fixed.:("
76561197990997704,Not Recommended,289650,12962135,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ZoidberG!,Drops out and bugs every 30 mins
76561198052775250,Not Recommended,289650,12962437,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Buttery Toast,"Can't even play a whole mission without the game crashing. I've tried to play four about five to ten minutes, and the game crashed on me around five times if I'm not mistaken. Only one word can discribe the launch - Garbage."
76561198025706554,Not Recommended,289650,12962523,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,VoxDei,"Game suffers from unpolished mechanics and poor optimization. I would compare my dissapointment to the release of Rome 2 and for similiar reasons. Lots of hipe, but a rushed job. Game will be excellent in three months."
76561198067333167,Not Recommended,289650,12962588,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dr.DickFuck,will not play this game any more untill they optimize correctly
76561197975329764,Not Recommended,289650,12963178,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Jedazen,ASSASSINS CREED UNITY PC FAULTS AND BUGGY!!!Im Getting a low FPS for no reason and some spiking have tried all your suggestions on your forms get to work on fixing it!!! also cant join my friends coop game and just says CONNECTION FAILED! and PLEASE WAIT! when searching for coop games have tried everything on your forms and still no result!!!! Ive tried on windows 8.1- also 7 IF YOU CANT FIX IT QUICKLY@!!!! SEND A REFUND OF THIS PRODUCT!!! SELLING A FAULTY PRODUCT IS ILLEGAL!!! $75 AUD
,Not Recommended,289650,14025260,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kantey,HA this game is ♥♥♥♥ing pay to win.Here is my reviewYou can spend hours collecting things all around the map or you can pay us money to get it really quick!Oh and while your at it download our app...And dont forget to tell your freinds to buy the game because 50% of it is multiplayer!
,Recommended,289650,14195205,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tate,"Skipable credits.10/11In all honesty though, the game is, although glitchy, a very decent AC game. I got the game a few months after launch so i can't tell you how terrible it was, but now, the game's framerate is fairly stable though graphical glitches are common still, but ive only ever really died from a glitch once, as from my own experience (i never dropped below 30 at medium settings with my nvidia GTX 750TI).PROS:• The addition of the crouch button was excelant.•The game's difficulty was the first in the series to add challange (i actually found myself running a few times).•The graphics arent bad at all.•Paris itself is beutifully constructed.•Hours of side mission (there is a lot).•Although i haven't played much of it, co-op mode is fantastic from what i have played.CONS:•The graphical glitches ARE everywhere. you will see characters appear and dissapear right infront of you.•The stroy is kinda weak. It's done well towards the start but it only goes downhill from there.•It may be just me, but the main story seemed a little short.Overall, if you don't have black flag, get that, but if you're looking for something else, this is always an option."
,Not Recommended,289650,13117000,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Booner,after a very bad launch Ubisoft has decided to give us 1 free dlc because they are trashing anything else for this game why because they failed ...... very dissapointed cause a free dlc is giveing me back my 70+$ wasted on this♥♥♥♥♥♥... well 3 months later and a high end gaming Rig and still not playable GOOD JOB
76561197976225811,Not Recommended,289650,14217721,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,soulbash,"Can't restart the campaign and now my game is locked in some ""Helix"" campaign menu when I start it.  Done with ubisoft."
,Recommended,289650,13383383,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Rouge Assassin,Unity runs well on my AMD based pc no more fps drops and there are almost no bugs any more. love this game now it runs properly.AMD 6300AMD R9 290Kingston hyperX 8 gbAsrock 990fx extreme 4xfx 550 pronzxt h440the cpu / gpu is cooled by 1 120 radiator and a 320 rad. by EKWB
,Recommended,289650,13075603,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,ThatJapaneseDude,"Thanks to patch 3, most of my problems are gone. But the stuttering and FPS issues are still there. Besides that, it's a great game. New co-op system is fun and character customization is amazing. Overall I would give this game a 7/10"
76561198165167601,Not Recommended,289650,13215599,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,vanityducirque,"I only played 9 MINUTES of this game before I gave up on it and decided never to play it again.Why you ask? Because its buggy as hell!The first time my character's legs sank INTO a rocky ground and then he couldnt move or do anything while everyone was fighting around him. The only thing I could move was the camera. I was praying that someone would at least kill him so I can restart the scene but its like he was a ghost, and the enemies all walked passed him or faught around him.I quit the game then I restarted the same scene again, avoiding the same area where the first glitch happened. I thought I was successful in continuing the game until the second glitch occured. MY CHARACTER WAS UNABLE TO OPEN ANY DOORS!I'm so disappointed with this game and it breaks my heart to see it come to this shameful result. I have been a fan since the first Assassin's Creed release. And I was very excited with this series being in France. But all these bugs and glitches would not even let me advance in the game.ONLY 9 MINUTES OF GAMEPLAY! I feel so robbed ...."
76561198031697555,Not Recommended,289650,13232584,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,5argeant,"I have played every AC game ever released and loved them all and was looking foward to Unity. $60 and 40gigs later the game is so sluggish on my PC (High end Alienware) that do anything. I never thought that AC would ever be in the catagory of♥♥♥♥♥♥poor console port, but it has happend. I hope everyne else has fun with ACU but you better play it on a console because this games managment team could care less about the PC gamer. I hope something improves."
76561198072896435,Not Recommended,289650,12923729,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Cringe Foley,UPDATETHIS. GAME. IS. TERRIBLEWORSE GAME IN FRANCHISE IT CRASHES ON MY GTX 770 2GB VRAMWASTE OF $70 SHOULD HAVE JUST BOUGHT THIS WAR OF MINE AND CONTAGION (Has anyone realized that indie's are way better than AAA games so far this year)
76561198042253085,Not Recommended,289650,13377440,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,[AJSA] Night Knight,NO just no...all my other games run fine but im running this at 5-7 fps? and it crashed during the opening cut scene? gimme my money back♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,289650,13004581,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Ntknp,"Have an update patches soon And co-op mission is very bad for me, because co-op mission almost every mission is a bug that will not be able to continue the story of the co-op mission or not, which is a bad bug too. Let the modified.Bad game 2014"
76561198034779285,Not Recommended,289650,12981212,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Subotai,"Not even sure where to begin.  Others have pretty much covered it all in their reviews so there is probably no point in beating that horse any more.I will say that at the moment, whether you pre-ordered like I did or purchase it in it's present state, You will essentialy be paying to BETA test this product.  If the game was in order like it should have been on release, I would have clocked in those 23.4 hrs in three days or less...Not in weeks...If you are really interested in this title, I highly suggest you wait until next year...or for when it goes on sale.Patch 3 and still has more bugs than the plagues released by Moses!!!"
76561198042756236,Not Recommended,289650,13195909,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Corded,"do NOT buy this game, just don't. If you like AC games, play any of the far better original ones, like AC brotherhood, if you are new to AC games, don't let this poor mockery ruin your view of the series. EVERYTHING has been sacrificed to make it co op. Combat has finally been made slightly harder, but is now ruined due to parries and dodges working maybe 50% of the time, and having common street brawlers fight better than an assassin is pretty pathetic. the renowned fps issues and other strange glitches are really just another layer of incompitence on top of the already poor excuse for an AC game. Ubisoft, go back to Brotherhood, everything in that game is better than unity is today, and that game is many years old already"
76561198061845641,Not Recommended,289650,13198253,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Fly You Fools,the game isnt even starting/opening. its so annoying....
,Recommended,289650,13033467,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,orj,"I'm not sure why everyone is dumping on Unity so much. The game does have some glitches (mostly visual and with the crowd animations) and you need a pretty powerful machine to run it at a decent frame rate but I've yet to seen anything game breaking.  Ubisoft does seem to be pretty proactive at patching any bugs that have been found.As for gameplay it seems roughly to form for an Assassins Creed game. Ie, lots of open world ""filler"" but still reasonably entertaining. The combat seems fun even thought it is the now ubiqutious ""Batman"" style combat system.The graphics can be quite arresting at times.  Really great lighting.I'm running this on an i7 3770 @3.4Ghz and an nVidia 780 running the game at 1080p with most settings at max and get around 45-55fps. I've had the very occasional crash but nothing that has really stopped me from enjoying the game."
76561198011181597,Not Recommended,289650,13088009,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,matszcai,"If you have been an AC player then you should know we need the pricise timing to control free run and combat moves.The low FPS made the game unplayable.Even the cutscenes are lagged to some extent, I don't get how Ubi would launch this game with so many problems.This game can't even be called a completed product."
76561198035367075,Recommended,289650,13089187,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Afjell,"this game is amazin, but i want club competition NOW!"
76561198029396840,Recommended,289650,14346269,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,wolex3,"i was very skeptical about buying this game, given all the negative reviews concernig the bugs. I downloaded and started playing a couple of days ago, and i have to say that this is one of the best assassins creed i have played. I am not sure if others are still expericencing the technical issues they had, or if it has been fixed with the latest patch. Anyways, i haven an  i5 processor,2gb 750ti video card, and 8gb of ram. The weird thing is i have all but shadows on ulltra settings, and experiencing no framerate drops or technical issues. I Should also mention that my motherboard has a 120gb ram dedicated to it for performance."
,Not Recommended,289650,14330336,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Luke4:20PraiseIt,♥♥♥♥
76561198078504777,Not Recommended,289650,14332860,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Deadeye,"Too many glitches, freezes up more commonly, the graphics are horrible. Nothing looks real. You guys said you fix and now your all going back on your word. Cowards in the game are example of your work. That's the Easter eggs I found throught the game is you backing down."
,Not Recommended,289650,14335699,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Dread_Viking,worst game ever....
,Not Recommended,289650,14338868,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Cyrille,"As you can see with my other reviews, I was a fan of Assassin's Creed games. That's the first time I need to say I do not recommend this game, for many reasons :- Worst technical mess ever : after the technical disaster of Watch_Dogs (game not launching, saved games lost, etc.), everyone would think Ubisoft would have been careful this time. Think again. The game was unplayable on PC on day first due to dramatic performance issues. Now, after 4 patches, you can play the game, but with many lag and freeze, and everything farer than 100 meters has no texture. Such of lovely view of Paris when you are on the roofs...- Story : I liked Assassin's Creed because it was an intelligent story about an old philosophical debate : liberty against order/control/security. Now the story is just an excuse to sell a new game, and without spoiling the exact thing, you'll be happy to learn at the end of the game that all you've done was for nothing. Yeah, really, that's what they tell you, very clearly.So do NOT buy this game."
,Recommended,289650,12920958,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,SERIOUS,rubbish=ubisoft*****___________________*****Now I have play this game again still have some bugs but that's fine for me I think it is okay now
76561198099945484,Not Recommended,289650,12976183,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Maharba,"Wish they had spent less time making trailers and more time making the game. The bugs are game breaking.However despite all the plethera of issues I find that I am still having a lot of fun and it has been all I think about when at work/school.The story is lame but the coop has been fun btw.........Twenty hours later and I still love it. The crashes have been awful and I was going to give it a negative review however I read Ubisofts apology and how they will give out Dead Kings free to everyone. Apology accepted. Positive review stands. Can't wait for patch 3.........I have switched my reccomdation to a not recommended because the game, while fun, is just not what is was hyped to be. 60 hours of gameplay and I find myself disappointed. It doesn't really feel like you are a part of the revolution. The assassin's feel like templars. Organized and high and mighty, helping out the rich and the royal. Patches didn't fix much for me.Verdict: wait until the price drops."
76561198056200241,Not Recommended,289650,14381418,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,kosalish94,"I pre-purchased this game on Steam and even bought the Gold Edition since I'm a huge Assassin's Creed fan. But I'm very disappointed with this game. Here are some reasons why (Warning: light spoilers ahead!)1. Story and Character DevelopmentThe story of Assassin's Creed always intruiged me since it incorporates real historical time periods with a twist. Sometimes it would get a little boring but usually its very good. In Unity, there was a real chance for the story to be different by showing the gray area between Assassins and Templars and coming to the conclusion where both Assassins and Templars have their strengths and weaknesses in their belief. The character of Arno and Elise who are Assassin and Templar respectively further provide the means to tell a unique story different from the previous Assassin's Creed titles. But, it ultimately fails! Personally, I would have liked for Arno and Elise to both realize the faults within their respective orders and break away from their orders or something. Or even uniting to bring down the ""bad guys"". Rather than what happened in the story. The characters themselves are merely functional and don't go beyond that which is a damn shame.****Spoilers******I find it extremely annoying with most Assassins Creed killing off female characters, just so that the male characters have a different view on life and are able to become more mature. Christina (Ezio's first love interest), Lucy Stillman, Mary Read just to name a few. (This game is no different too which angers me more!) The ending of Unity is more agitating since it merely sets up DLC! The Dead Kings dlc to be exact. This is unexceptable for me. It's as if they had to change the story just to accomodate the DLC later....****End of Spoilers*******2. Modern day story (Abstergo and the Assassins)This has also been unique and mostly interesting aspect of AC. However, the modern day story in this game is a JOKE! It's barely there and I have no idea what happened.3. Loot SystemLoot system is terrible in the game since only one loot is given for each mission. Thus to get all the loot, we would have to replay the same mission three times, which ends up being a chore since there is little to no variation in the mission itself. Furthermore, the ""Legendary Equipment"" are locked and can only be obtained via Club Competitions which are extermely buggy and frustrating in general.4. CombatNot many agree with me but I liked the combat in previous games where you could counter kill an enemy and even combo kill them by pressing the right button. It made for more fun combat. Here, combat is brutal and punishing. Although I don't mind sticking to stealth, I would have liked the previous combat system to also be there. This combat feels sluggish and makes Arno look far inferior compared to previous Assassins such as Ezio, Edward, etc.5. MicrotransactionsThis is ABSOLUTELY unforgivable in a triple A game such as this one. I cannot believe this exists in this game and it makes me very sad. Even though it isn't necessary to spend real money, I still can't believe that the in game economy hasn't been tampered with no matter what others may say.6. Poor OptimizationThe game is a technical marvel when it comes to the environment with Paris looking beautiful! However, this is marred due to poor optimization with terrible texture issues, insanely low framerates for using Eagle Vision and various other issues that make the game more frustrating to play. (My rig is a high end rig so I don't expect this to happen, but this is the only game where this happens) Oh! And there are plenty of bugs and glitches that still plague the game, even after four major patches.There are various other things that I don't like about the game but there is no way of telling it without spoiling the story partly. In conclusion, I think this game is not worth at $60 at all, but if there's a sale then I think this game should be bought, if only to see the beautifully rendered Paris. There are plenty of games out there worth much less but allow for more fun while playing. I myself don't hate the game since I'm and AC fan but I'm not going to play it as much as I did with Black Flag. I would recommend Black Flag instead! It is much more fun compared to this game."
76561198020556195,Recommended,289650,13308516,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Mr. Longbottom,"All you people are just hating on the game because your computers arent strong enough to run it.if you have spent what i would call a decent amount of money on your computer or you consider it a ""gaming computer"", then running the game shouldnt be a problem.And the game it self is fun.Mostly i just wanted to get the point across. if you have a strong computer. But the game!"
76561198024192402,Recommended,289650,13305795,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Anarkoi69,"Awesome game but it has a lot of bugs and crashes all the time.Its playable and you can have a lot of fun.Ubisoft instead of fixing all the problems they allready launched an ""expansion"" for the game ¬¬If you are not a fan of the franchise don`t buy this game"
76561198011578500,Not Recommended,289650,12982232,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Foviel,"to say that the state of this game at release was abismal... might be an understatement.  falling through the world, game crashes, horrid framerates, were all part of your first 30mins of playing.  at the time of this writing there have already been two patches, and a third comming soon(tm) that will be ""addressing a number of bugs in the areas where you’re telling us you're having the most problems.""the story in comparison, so far just doesn't grab me like black flag did.  which given the subject timeframe i would have expected it would.the framerates given the similarity in how it looks visually to black flag, with the exception of a LOT more people and structures in the world... are definitely something i think that can be improved. as are all the other bugs that people are experiencing, thus i am sure this will become playable at some time in the future... but if your itching to play something new over this thanksgiving (2014)... you might want to look else where.  for me, i'll come back and look at this after new years and see how its doing then."
76561197997728699,Not Recommended,289650,12982843,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,UsaLostLiberty,"Save you money ,this a s  step backwords for the series"
,Not Recommended,289650,12895903,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NotHonkyTonk,"Fun, great example of an assians creed game, except for the fact that it dosent ♥♥♥♥ing work. Constant crashes, framerate drops and buggy as hell. As well, after 23 hours of gameplay a freind crashed and lost all his save data."
76561198007099479,Recommended,289650,13069345,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,CPFIST,"Despite everyone really hating on Ubisoft for this release - I have had a really good time playing through the game. Have also really enjoy the online co op features which have worked well.. It's not the best assassin's creed yet, but its a worthy installment."
76561198151991965,Not Recommended,289650,13110409,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Frogman,"Having an almost unplayable framerate constantly or getting terrible frame drops and the game crashing almost everytime I load it up really makes me hope that this is not the path Assassins Creed is taking with their games, really dissappointed that I can't even play it and enjoy it but then again all the reviews I read said the story was pretty bad which in my opinion was always a pretty good part of the series."
,Not Recommended,289650,13111886,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,MinzTreL,Bad Feeling
76561198029310695,Recommended,289650,12990067,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Alex,"Bugged and low framerates. Other than that your standard Assassin game with slightly updated mechanics and a new story. Personally I feel like the combat mechanics are actually worse. I felt like they were the best in AC Black Flag and Revelation.  Amazing graphics if your rig can handle it. Co-op looks like fun if I could play it without stuttering. Story looks interesting so far. I have not finished it because the issues just got too much. I will be waiting for patch #3. I preordered the game so I am kind of stuck with the issues. In hindsight I would have waited until it is fixed and running smoothly before buying it. So if you like the AC series, this is a good game, however, I do not recommend it at this time. Just wait with the purchase until it is fixed. I learned my lesson: Don't preorder games!!!Update:Patch #3 is here and for me it did improve the game, although some people are saying it did not do anything or made it worse. So it really depends on your rig. Mine is not high end but I can run the game fine now. This is a true next gen game. You will need high end hardware to run it on ultra. But, is not that what pc gamers have asked for!? Also, it seems that Ubisoft is really trying to fix the issues and like I said they fixed it mostly for me. The co-op is a lot of fun if you can play it with a mic. I am replaying missions and just having a great time with a friend. In addition, I am getting a free game...so YAY. So if you have a good pc and you want to check out a next gen game go with AC Unity."
76561198068608724,Recommended,289650,13112739,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,The Captain,"This game is fun, awesome, and offers lots of options for approaches. I see all this hate Ubisoft and the game are getting and I dont understand, ya there are bugs but lots of games have bugs and Ubi is working to fix them, my cpu runs it i finished the game no problem and i still love it seeing as how there are lots of sidequests and collectibles. Only downside I can see is that some content is locked behind the Companion App and I dont like that seeing as how everytime I try it, it force quits, all in all i would rate this game 7.5-8.5/10. Also the bonus Co-op is nice but competitive multiplayer was still fun I like them equally."
,Recommended,289650,13113264,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SpectreGeekster,"Despite having only a GT 745M Graphics Card,I can run this game at High without lagging and have experienced crashes here and there, but an amazing game non-the-less. Would reccomend, but id probably wait a few patches. Only major problem is that i cant even get online, but I can do the co-op missions alone, so."
76561198053789756,Not Recommended,289650,13113783,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,XDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXD,The gameplay is good but cant that doesnt change a thing when the story and performance suck
,Recommended,289650,13114049,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Elit36uard,"Yes it's true that there are some problems with it, I have had my share of dropped frame rates and co-op matchmaking issues, however; I was able to play the game from the time I bought it up until now and still running strong. For those of you having trouble, here is my build: AMD FX(tm)-8350 Eight-Core Processor, 8GB of RAM, and an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970. Runs a solid 60 fps on low settings and goes down to about 40 when not overclocked, overclocked using firestorm software gets between 50 and 59 fps. I totally recommend this game who loves the story line, and with patch #3 that just came out, I have been able to enjoy co-op missions with my friends as well as having them join me in my open world of ACU. Happy Gaming people."
,Not Recommended,289650,13114327,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jon Snow,I bought this game until he could play it and was very excited to play it. the first day that could play it i download it and when i started to play it  the game wouldn't let me play the game and i follows even without getting the game and delete it and i tried  to download 3 times and still does not let me open the game. I personally don't recommend spending $60 just to have tha game in your inventory and dont be avel to play it. and steam begin to work on fixing the game that ti realy disappointed me and fu*k you uplay you suck.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THEY HAVE FIXED THE PROBLEMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198005107789,Not Recommended,289650,13114664,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Croltown,"just saw a NPC women walk thru 3 houses, before i decided to kill her, (her body got stuck in a wall).Many NPC loses their faces or disappear and randomly appear near you,  friend or foe, I've gotten stuck on mana roofs/slides/trees and some npc looks likes it graphics taken from Nintendo 64, im talking like triangle faces and 20 pixels.combat is worse than the others,campaign was really bad, i couldn't get it completed. since i got stuck where at a certain point napoleon should blow up a wall the game then just crashes and stop working I most redo the mission same thing happens. I wish i pirated it, onl bought it to support the Co op feature and♥♥♥♥♥♥  Spend your money on Far cry 4 instead or some good pizza"
76561198030543167,Not Recommended,289650,13115786,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kotetsu52,"Clearly BI soft tried to go back to the original Assassin's Creed style. Too bad they brought back the boredom of the first game too... This game is huge and pretty nice (if you have a decent computer) but very, very repetitive. The commands are sometimes very strange with Arno not doing what you want him to do. Then you get an update with items you can't buy unles you purchase another overpriced DLC (not available anyway at this time go figure).So no, I feel like being ripped off (once again) by UBI soft..."
76561198097860134,Recommended,289650,13116627,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,canadiox,kinda made me sad i miss the ships others wise badass as usual
76561197968546588,Not Recommended,289650,13116725,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,thenipple,"Lots of Lag. The new methods of game play would be cool if the game was playable.  I am currently running a 6 core system with dual mid range video cards, and 16 gb ram.  This is the only game in my inventory that lags."
76561198048049644,Not Recommended,289650,13116958,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Epic Cereal,"Honestly, I got a 1.5gb update today and the game still has all the bugs it did before. Im not sure if the update was meant to be ""Patch 3"" or not, but Ubisoft said they would release it this week on PC so Im really jsut assuming. Either way, at least Ill be able to get Far Cry 4 for free and play that instead."
76561198149945813,Not Recommended,289650,13117721,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,foster.miles,Cant even run the game long enough to get through the first mission.
,Not Recommended,289650,13102463,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Ducka,"Parkour controls very poorly, often getting stuck on walls I didn't want to climb, downright idiotic AI, and shoves DRM and multimedia down your throat the whole time.Game is buggy as hell, frame rate drops consistently, and the amount of pop-ins and poor quality models on anything further than ten feet away is disgraceful.By god they fixed the microtransactions on that first patch though! Avoid it. Last Ubisoft title I will be buying."
76561198113695307,Recommended,289650,13106565,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,LUCCIANOS,they fixed most of the bugs its cool bre
,Not Recommended,289650,13106784,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Supreme_Joseph.,"Well the game and the graphics itself are good but it just lags so much on pc and on patch 3 or 4 they might fix it, untel then I give this game a thumbs down. Please fix the gliches, lags, and framerate please."
,Not Recommended,289650,13110185,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SGTSnickers,"This game is one of the biggest disappoints of the year. After hearing about this game I had only the highest expectations from Ubisoft. When I loaded it up  I was met with one of the most unfinished games I have ever had the chore of experiencing. I run a rig that should be able to demolish ever single polygon the gaming industry can throw at it, but even I had a hard time keeping at the very least 20-30 fps ON MEDIUM. The pop-in is just ludacris and something you'd expect from a independent alpha. The combat system is broken to the point where guards standing only a few feet above you WILL NOT hear a GUNSHOT. I am so disappointed in this game, and would not recommend this game to anyone. DO NOT BUY THIS until ubisoft gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. It is a shame that Ubisoft has allowed such a great series to go down in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Ubisoft fix this lemon of a game. What a crying shame."
,Recommended,289650,13098543,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Reeper,"for the new generation, we coming with all!"
,Recommended,289650,13134263,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Holloweddarkness,"I realize that most people out there don't have great specs for a machine, but lets be honest, this game is meant to push the boundaries of where gaming can be going graphically. This game is absolutely stunning. I have not had any super noticable framerate issues, no crashes, and no glitches of any kind so far. If you have the rig to run it, this game is pretty great. Have yet to try any of the co-op, but I'm expecting that to be pretty fun. What I have seen of the story, it seems to be a step above some of the latest title. (I can already tell it is going to fit in at #2 right under ACII in terms of story to me)Hopefully they can get some of the performance stuff tweaked so more people can run this and enjoy it to it's full potential."
76561197994108458,Not Recommended,289650,13134417,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,NamedInPieces,This  game is not yeat ready. It's glitchy and it crashes. Ubisoft you suck balls.
76561198021386976,Not Recommended,289650,13138076,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Erethren,"I write very few reviews, but this is one I feel needs to be done.I consider my purchase of AC:Unity a horrible mistake on my part.the game is horribly optomised even after patches, and playing on PC will often have you suffering mouse stutters and sharp jumps in orientation, spinning you too far around, these translate to crippling gameplay issues, chases are incredibly difficult when you can't even keep your target in sight, much less run in the direction you want to run due to constantly having the mouse stutter and make you look the wrong way. and this is not a hardware issue, I can run games more intense than this on higher settings and suffer fewer problems. - this alone is a crippling enough issue.Graphics, for whats supposed to be next gen, are far, FAR from impressive, and the game suffers from overcrowding of lower quality models to simulate Paris' everyday streetwalker, and at the end of the day it just doesn't blow me away at all. Hitman Absolution handled crowds better.gameplay innovations are incredibly limited and with the game shifting gear, Naval combat is no longer the in, and thus we lose quite a bit of fun innovation there, but lack anything up to a standard that properly replaces it.the story itself has yet to make me care about anything and next to previous games, is terribly executed - all it succeeds in doing is jarring you around and making you either even more confused with AC's continuingly more convoluted plot, or is simply charicatured with average performances and portrayal.Vote with your wallet, this game is a terrible step for the AC franchise, and this is coming from someone who even enjoyed AC3 and damn near loved every previous title, and adored black flag. (yet to play rogue but I will as soon as its released for PC)Take it from me, please, there's a lot other games, even Ubisoft made (FC4 for instance) that I would recommend money be thrown at... but this one is not one of them."
,Recommended,289650,13140133,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,brashchris,doesnt work 10/10
76561198088683283,Recommended,289650,14720359,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Genji Main [I need healing],"Assassin's Creed Unity is a great game, to me at least. I know that this game is known for having many bugs, but really I haven't seem many of them. Other than that, the game is very smooth in gameplay, the combat is challenging and keeps you on your toes, there are a lot of different diverse weapons, epicially with the new weapons added from the Dead Kings DLC. The game has a great quality graphics, everything is very detailed, espicially the historical sites of France. Also, the story of Arno Dorian is very deep, with love, tragedy, and many more, don't want to spoil it for anyone of course. Lastly there is the multipolayer of this game, though it seems to be the buggiest part of the game, and the lag that happens once in a while, but if you go pass that, the game is pretty cool, with your assassins buddies fighting along side you through going guns blazing, or coordinated stealth. Still, great game, I would totally suggest it to anyone Assassin's Creed fan if they have the money to buy it, Though I would suggest buying it on sale as the price of 60 bucks is a little to high for my standards."
,Not Recommended,289650,12960169,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Woof115,"I preordered this game expecting a masterpiece and a superior multiplayer system to any other game out there like described. I'm not trusting Ubisoft again and I will not buy another game from them.First off, U-Play. It's entirely unnecessary and serves no purpose but to bug the heck out of you. ""You got a U-Play achievement!"", does it look like anyone cares? And when I want to play the game, U-Play will interrupt saying it has an update and shut down the game, then I have to wait 45 minutes to play the game again until another update interrupts the gameplay. Oh but wait a minute- I load up the game and I look at the currencies in-game (which can only be seen from the esc menu for some odd reason). HELIX CREDITS. What are these? Guess what, guys, they're MICROTRANSACTIONS! Remember these from those free-to-play MOBILE GAMES like CLASH OF CLANS AND CANDY CRUSH? Well now we're using them in our AAA title that you paid almost ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS FOR!The second one is the performance. This game is completely UNPLAYABLE. I consider my computer to be pretty high-end, and the stuttering and lag spikes and glitches are unacceptable for an AAA title. This game is under the Assassin's Creed name, but it doesn't seem like it is. Assassin's Creed IV was one of the best games I have ever played, it runs smoothly at 50 FPS, but this game gets approximately 12 FPS and dips to 3 FPS several times every 30 seconds. I've done everything all of the forum posts and all of the news articles have said to do to get this game working, thinking it was an issue with my computer, but I was wrong. This is an issue with UBISOFT and that UBISOFT needs to LISTEN TO IT'S PLAYERS. So far, I see no connection between Ubisoft and it's players except for a ""free game from Ubisoft"". That doesn't make up for the fact I spent 90 dollars to preorder this pile of crap and let it sit in my library like it was Air Control. In fact, I'd rather play Air Control than this.Not only that, but the graphics are atrocious. No matter how high you set them the buildings of Paris, France still look like the homes of the Taos Pueblo with downgraded textures and glitching NPCs. Even in cutscenes NPC faces will just ping off into space and all you can see is their eyes and mouth, this is the first game I've had that has such a feature to do that in it's cutscenes, oh boy!My conclusion: 2/10. It would get a 1/10 if it weren't for the slightly colourful yet repetitive environment in the game. I hope you are happy Ubisoft for basically telling your entire base of players and fans ""thanks for the money"" then stop working on this game. This game was released incomplete and not ready for what Ubisoft claimed it was built for. Get Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag instead, which I consider one of the best games of all time.I'm not buying a Ubisoft game again."
,Recommended,289650,14713111,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,BaconWaifu,"the story seems good, but the gameplay is a bit lacking, such as ""snapping"" to a grab point when attempting to just drop. I feel there should be less protection against falling off ropes and ledges, there should still be a bit of protection against falling off, but a straight out push of the joystick away from the ledge or rope should allow you to just fall off, even if it would cause damage, as it's most often deliberate (for me at least)"
76561198114773180,Recommended,289650,14543059,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dyaphlon,"So good, especially the parkour down system."
76561198015503221,Recommended,289650,12938188,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Crasherzz,"The game got updated, and now it's kinda amazing xD"
76561197968571854,Recommended,289650,14039944,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,shookfree,Make sure you have a very fast pc and enjoy.
,Recommended,289650,12934188,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,smartywoot,"Was a war z level fail, however with recent updates the game is playable. I also did appreciate the public apology from ubisoft through my email. There are still bugs but still there are bound to be. This game is massive. It must've taken them a lot of work. Anyway I now enjoy this game, albeit some glitches still occur"
76561198057396267,Not Recommended,289650,12887901,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,social_code99,"Jumping off a building in mid air getting Stuck , and getting Stuck in the ground can't move , watching a soldier standing on his heels sliding as if he has wheels on his boot heels and he's being pushed on a dolly cart , crazy leg dancing of dead soldiers .   How in the hell did they creat this game and while tey were still doing changes during development stages , did they not even notice the glitches and bad lagging ?  I have a Great computer , high end , lots of ram ,12 to be eact , .......Often it feels like a Frame drop , Noticablly Frame dropping . as if you are watching stop motion animation"
76561198121010367,Not Recommended,289650,14044499,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Raider,"I shouldn't bought this game as early as I did, seeing all of the issues it had at launch. I've played the beginning of this game maybe eight times. Uplay is incredibly frustrating, and everytime I launch the game, it askes me if I want to use local save data, or cloud save data, but refuses to let me use either. THe fact that there is no load option doesn't help either, this might be because it just automatically starts a new game for me when it doesn't detect a save game, but this shouldn't be a problem in the first place. It hurts me to talk so much dirt on this game, because what I played I really did enjoy THE FIRST TIME. Being forced to play the same tutorial missions over and over again sucks as you can imagine. I hope Ubisoft gets it together soon because they have made some really good games in the past. I hope Ubisoft as well as other AAA companies stop releasing their games unfinnished and put more time in them."
76561198001852038,Not Recommended,289650,13060918,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Pro.,"I am completely disappointed with this game.  I preordered this game and it was just awful.  I expected so much more out of this game.  They released an unfinished game.  The story wasn't that great either2/10I also find it completely funny that it says the reviews for this game are ""mixed,"" but like every review is not recommending the game."
76561198008098582,Recommended,289650,13989460,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,bobhoadley,"Personally I've liked it and at least on my system it seems to run about the same as all of the other games in the series and I own them all.   One thing that seems to have changed, but it is still very early going for me so that  could change as I get more into things, is that the environment feels like there arn't as many unique areas to explore / climb as we have done in earlier games.  I have a high end rig so was not expecting problems at HIGH settings and have not had any so far.   I would recommend this game to others as another interesting game in the series.  Oh, I ""NEVER"" go in for multiplayer, so I'm only making these comments from a first person view point."
76561198044772710,Not Recommended,289650,13812316,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DrClams™   skinhub.com,"Well, It's an awesome game concept and game in general. But...The programming and optimization is utter trash, and in the last few patches I went from running horribly to not even being able to launch because of an autocrash. Thanks Ubisoft, for stealing my $60."
76561197982960456,Not Recommended,289650,14036252,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Scrapnell,"Floating books, getting stuck on walls or in thin air.And controls like never seen before.Can't find a way to enjoy this game."
76561198003505745,Not Recommended,289650,14037103,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,AndyLarken,I would be nice if player model and camera angle did not glitch out.
76561198094578932,Not Recommended,289650,14037715,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Darcolas,Please do no buy this game ..... it doesn t work
,Recommended,289650,13526968,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,drugs are a hell of a drug,"As of December 22, Patch #4 didn't fix anything for me. I get about 40-50 fps max and when free running or in combat it drops to 10-15 fps. I really really wanted this patch to fix the game since I'm a huge fan of this series, but Ubi just keeps letting me down and all I can expect now is for another 3-4 months for this game to ACTUALLY work corrrectly. Combat is still glitchy as hell, my attack animations don't even display properly sometimes and Arno is either crouched and stuck like that or with one arm stuck in the middle of a swing but I still end up killing the person, or vice versa. Because of this, this game is unplayable I keep coming back to it hoping that, maybe just maybe the game will run smoothly but I still end up dissapointed.Specs: Intel Core i3-4130 @ 3.40 GHz8 GB of RAMNVIDIA GTX 650Ti BOOST****UPDATE****January 2015The game runs really well now, whatever Ubisoft did it seemed to have worked. Also just upgraded my 650 TI to a 750 Ti and the games performance didn't drop at all. The fighting and long weapons (a bit of my personal opinion) are freaking awesome. The Parkour is ok, it does have its few frustrating bits, but it was because of me, but with time its easy to master, watch the video where the dev talks about the parkour system and how it works after I watched that I got better at it. The Storyline is meh, it could've been better imo. Overall now that the game runs butter smooth, I'd recommend it."
,Not Recommended,289650,14248687,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,banjoeskimo,"I've been a long-time fan of Assassin's Creed, but unfortunately, I can't recommend this game. While the main story is good, the rest of the game is stuffed to the brim with uneccessary padding, repetitive sidequests lacking in any personality, and a ridiculous amount of crap that can only be unlocked by using the game's inane and bug-ridden companion app. Making matters worse, even after 4 patches, I'm still unable to use unlocked weapons or earn achievements due to bugs.The game might be beautiful, and they picked a hell of a time in history to take the franchise, but unfortunately it's just not any good. This game could have been a lot better if they'd taken the time to iron out the bugs, and stripped out all the uneccessary crap. As it stands, it's about 90 hours long, but there's only about 30 hours of decent gameplay. Give this one a miss."
76561198080149917,Not Recommended,289650,14254847,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,FD4cRY,AC Unity what can i say  in lunch day for most players  it didnt work for those it did work it had ton of bugs and glichesnow after four patches it stil locks like its not even ready for early access this game had so much to show but it didntyeah so the graphics are great and the co op is preaty good the game is stil broken im a huge ac fan and this game i realy have nothing to say it has constent FPS drops and dont even bother playing on the pc cuase it crashes a lot the combat syatam  is realy bad  the story is realy boring iif even for some reason waste 60$ on this game play it on console it stil hasconstent FPS drops thear too but a least it dosent crash UBISOFT also didnt halp by  adding micro transactions you where you pay real money for stupid items mostly featurd in MOBILE games if you didnt pay for this  yet just dontif you want to waste 60$ plus more for stupid helix coins just dont buy this or at llist tell me when this comes out to bea REAL WORCKING game 2/10 for me
,Not Recommended,289650,13530093,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,That Deceiver Kid,"This review will be lengthy, so for those who want a quick, easy judgement on the game and it's pros/cons, please scroll to the bottom, thank you.The topics discussed in this review will be the following:- Campaign (Length and my thoughts) *NO SPOILERS*- Combat (Mechanics and possible issues)- Stealth (Assassinations and detection)- Parkour (Speed, fluency, and overall impressions)- Open World (Immersion, random events, and overall feel of the landscape)- Multiplayer (Connectivity and opportunities)- Bugs (Oh God why?)- Power Requirements (GPU, Processor, my recommendations)Campaign *NO SPOILERS*: The Campaign for ACU was overall really just meh. The story was fairly interesting and it was a good length, which I can appreciate because if the game cost me $90, it better have a long campaign, but the issues from launch hindered my immersion, and I felt like I was just playing it because it was an Assassin's Creed campaign, and I must follow the storyline. Most of those issues have been fixed now, and the game optimized, however it is still laggy at times and that breaks the immersion.Combat: The combat was talked about by the devs pre-launch and they mentioned it was more difficult than before. They didn't lie about that at all. Instead of the previous AC games from III to the present, ACU makes you parry the enemy, then you must attack them, no instant kill counters anymore. This made the combat much more intense than previous games and I enjoyed it immensely. Guns, however, are exploited heavily by the AI, and are very frustrating. What may start off as a normal sword fight, a guard down the street notices and pulls out a pistol that when shot proceeds to stun you for a moment, stopping your swing, and dealing large damage. Well, now he's out of a bullet and has to reload, right? Wrong. The guard then loads his flintlock pistol in about 2 seconds and prepares to shoot again. Granted there is a period of time where the guard has to aim his shot, and then a bright indicator flashes when he is about to shoot, but it still doesn't remove the annoying aspects of the guns. You can dodge these shots when you roll, but when you have about 5 people attacking you close range with swords and 1 or 2 at a distance with guns, you find yourself rolling back and forth, dodging attacks you would normally parry, but couldn't because you just finished dodging the bullets fired at you from afar. Combat immersion was hindered by the gun mechanics, but even further hindered by the issues at launch, which have now been mostly fixed.Stealth: The new stealth mode was a very welcome addition to the series. Stealth in the past has consisted of killing certain guards in certain areas or avoiding patrols entirely, now that you have to sneak through buildings regularly, this addition is VERY welcome. The animations seems very clean in this mode, and you can sprint, then revert back to stealth without activating and deactivating it. The detection is about the same, and guards investigate at the same time as before (as far as I can tell). Assassinations are quick and clean. You are unhindered in movement while assassinating, which allows you to walk by a guard between two walls and assassinate him then progress to the objectives swiftly and discreetly. Lockpicking is interesting, but it depends too largly on good framerate and no stuttering in order to be sucessful consistantly.Parkour: The crown that ACU wears is probably residing on the parkour. It's fast, bold, and well done. There are a few places and actions that look unrealistic, like levitating a second longer than Arno should have while scaling a wall, but those are not very often seen and don't break the immersion. If I had to give one addition to ACU the best possible added mechanic award, it would have to be controlled descent hands down. It has been a constant pain in my side having to either descend a wall clumsily, jump down to the ground regardless of the distance and use medicine to keep myself healthy, or find a haystack to leap into. I can say without a doubt that this mechanic is probably the best possible tool to use for escaping. Better than smoke, better than haystacks, benches, crowds, levers, wells, ANYTHING. When you are trying to escape a compound that has snipers on the roof, fiddle farting around on the roof until you see a haystack or other means of getting down means death with the gun mechanics that I explained earlier. Overall, parkour in ACU is probably the least sticky out of all the ACs so far. It's an absolute pleasure to scale buildings now, which is something I have been looking for for the longest time.Open World: The world of ACU is diverse, yet kind of bland at first glance. There is no Day and Night cycle, but you can select the time of day in the settings. The day and night of the game Cycles, which I previously had thought it didn't, but it does. There is a massive amount of people, which have texture pop ins of clothes and hairstyles, but hey, there are like 100+ people in that crowd so you can't really expect to have all of them loaded immediately unless you have a next gen computer. The buildings are detailed and well done, with many handholds and paths to the top. Most of the buildings are high enough to let you have a good view of the city below. The city is accurate to historical landmarks in Paris, and that makes it much more interesting, especially at Versailles. There are random crowd events like, tackle the thief, and scare the bullies, and kill the criminals. These stack up until you hit a cap for these, where you are then reset back to a 0 on the crowd event tracker, and a big fat payoff of Livres or items from the events you previously completed.Multiplayer: This is one of the main selling points of this game. The multiplayer, at least now, is quick and easy. This is of course, after you figure out how to get your friend into your brotherhood, which was not simple for me. Connectivity was a big issue, and the characters for the multiplayer are almost identical to Arno. Overall, it is fun to roam with friends, but not as fun as I imagined it would be.Bugs: Oh God, here we go. This is a nightmare of a game with bugs. Crashing, save corruptions, won't load cutscene or complete mission, you name it, ACU has either got it or had it. No wonder Ubisoft was apologizing like mad. Still present, but greatly reduced by the patches. As of 01/31/15, I can safely say that if you have a powerful system, oyu can play with little to no bugs a 30FPS.Power Requirements: REALLY needy. You need a buff-as-hell computer tank to run this on ultra at 60 FPS. I have an R9 280X OC with an AMD FX-6300 Six core OC. Ultra High at about 20-30 FPS. Very disappointed with the optimization for this game, because my build can handle more at better FPS on other games.Hello to those who want an easy, overall review of this game and hello to those who read the entire review. Overall, ACU is a no go. The PC spec requirements want to you to have as a recommended GPU a R9 290X, which is about a high $200+ GPU, on a good sale. The combat is fun, but has way to many guns present, especially when evading guards and they start shooting at you. Stealth is fun, open world could be better, multiplayer and campaign are meh, and the parkour is fantastic, yet can have some immersion breaking moments. Either wait for a sale, or just don't get it, because it's not worth the $60 that's for damn sure. If you need anything else explained, please refer to the book and a half above this."
76561198010387800,Not Recommended,289650,13110591,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Temple,"So, I made a review of this game, saying it was all good and just fantastic etc... At that moment I was too much of a UBISOFT and Assassin's Creed fan. I still do consider myself an Assassin's Creed fan, but Ubisoft? They can go suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥Performance is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ if I am lucky I will reach 30FPS. Never higher, mostly less. Paying the price I did for this, I regret this buy, with all my heart.Pretty much like everyone else is saying, you need a Companion App to unlock certain chests, just the setup of the whole system they got going on in this game, is Horrible. Gameplay itself is amazing, story is amazing. Optimization is horrible, support is horrible. I have been able to complete 2 out of (I dont know how many) Coop missions, some of them I even had to play alone, because the game, as said before, cannot connect to uPlay. And also the fact that they have certain gear in the game, which you need Helix Points for, which, GUESS WHAT! Cost money! :)I , like many others , are done with Ubisoft games. They used to have amazing games, I refer mostly to the Splinter Cell series, or the beginning of the AC series, because back then they actually gave a damn about their community. Unfortunately today Ubisoft has just become one of many money hungry companies. I wish many more could see it the same way that I and a few others do.If we could make a point towards Ubisoft, meaning DONT BUY THEIR STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING GAMES, CUZ THEY WONT GET BETTER. We may have the good old days back. Unless they just give up out of pure laziness and shut the company down. To be completely honest tho, I think that would be for the best.Don't buy this huge piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, you're going to be disappointed, unless you are one of the FEW people who can actually run this game with 60+ FPS and have the RARE LUCK being able to play coop games. If you want to play it just for the sake of trying it out, download it :)"
,Not Recommended,289650,14005967,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Chaos,"I like to think I have a pretty high end PC, I can play just about anything on extremely high graphics and still recieve good performance. As many of you have probably heard, Ubisoft basically went straight to the console players on this one, screwing any chance of optimization or getting more than 20 or 30 fps. Please don't make the mistake I did by buying this on sale, its not worth 10 dollars in its current condition, and I was on board the hype train from the start. Ubisoft, if your reading this, how about focusing on one game at a time, and building it for PC then porting over to console so you have a half decent game that isnt full of crap.TL;DRUbisoft did a number on my fan loyalty by making this thing so crappy. I won't be supporting them very much from now on, or at least till the game is playable."
76561198133726670,Not Recommended,289650,13965409,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,lllSeVeRuSlll,"I didnt like this game........the tecnical issues makes it even worse, but the game itself is not enjoyable, i really prefer black flag, i didnt like the way this game was created. One thing i hate from this game is not to have a doble hidden blade!!! seriusly OMG ubisoft this was pathetic, also the powerfull shots from the enemies kills you in less than 3 seconds, even if you have the best armor and weapons you are not the badass your were in previous assassins creed games......Ubisoft you have made the worst assassins creed game, its hard to me to say it because i really loved how you made your games..but this ones s*cks!!"
76561198090966006,Not Recommended,289650,13965453,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,The Mister Cristos,"It really bothers me to have to say this, but don't bother with this game. It's broken from the word ""go"". Random freezes, unacceptable and unplayable fps, and the worst glitches in a game since I can't even remember when. And that's just in the scripted cutscenes. I have contacted Ubisoft recently about these issues and any patches that may help and I was told, ""We are aware of the issues and are working as fast as we can to fix them"".... Right."
76561198043712193,Not Recommended,289650,12945072,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,sukho204,"It feels so foolish that I thought Ubisoft would fix the ♥♥♥♥ing game.I played the game after the release of omega driver and patch 4, and yes at least I didn't show me shocking 20fps gameplay(R9 290X CF) the framerate was normally on 55~70 but when I turn the camera every time it drops to 30~40 fps making it very frustrating and almost unplayable."
76561198042843438,Not Recommended,289650,13956614,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,legojoe,"Pre-ordered this game, collector's edition, because I believed from what I played from Black Flag, this was going to be a decent game. Game came out, got slapped in the face so hard, I almost just tried to look for a refund. However, I told to myself, ""this is open release, it tends to have bugs so wait for a patch."" The game stutters so hard that I was like playing a low end, low frame rate, trash game. This should not be the case.-------------------FOUR PATCHES LATER. In my personal opinion, NOTHING WAS FIXED. Oh great, my FPS went from 10 to 12. So I looked around and tried to find ways to fix this issue. One thing I found was to disable your SLI on your graphics card to play this game on 10-20 frames per second. Another was to set everything to low for 30 frames which is what the consoles play with.I tried to playing this game on all low and I just can't stand it. This game is NOT made to play on paint splatters and ugly textures on PC; might as well buy the console version and play it on console as it's optimatized for them.And another way to fix this is to get a GTX 980 just to fix the stuttering alone. JUST the stuttering. This is ridiculous, what have the developers in Ubisoft been doing? Obviously all stoned while working.--------------------------I tried playing this game, gave it a few hours and I just can't continue anymore. I just can't, it's just so bad that I can't bring myself to see what this game can offer me and I will definitely push for a refund for this because quite honestly, this is just atrocious. The few hours I've played was fun and interesting if anything."
76561198048484874,Not Recommended,289650,13956788,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Bash,"So far I have been a huge fan of the genre and the previous games, and while this game holds up to the standards regarding storyline, it is just so insanely laggy constantly that it is absolutely unplayable. We were promished a patch that would fix all this months ago and yet nothing has happened yet.DO. NOT. BUY.At least not untill you know for certain these issues has been fixed. It's unplayable as is right now."
76561198064282392,Not Recommended,289650,13959822,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,gayca1,"This game has the potential to be a good game. However, the constant glitches, frame rate drops, and crashes severly hamper any fun you can derive. As well, halfway through the game my physical and cloud save file became corrupted after one of these crashes. I had hoped that buying it after the main patch would have sufficed, alas this was not the case."
76561198057640237,Not Recommended,289650,14345794,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Night Rabbit,"-I hope whoever made this game as hard as it is stubs his bare toe into a metal post and falls down 20 flights of stairs. Seriously, not everyone is a goddam Hitman Perfectionist. I don't downright suck at stealthing, but jesus man, how can I sneak when there's 50 dudes in one building who flip out the second they see you? I don't want to spend 4 hours on one mission because they instantly recognize me when they see me. The difficulty in this game gave me nothing but♥♥♥♥♥♥♥grief.-Why the f*ck are Phantom Blades so freaking expensive (for a new player)? Who's idea was that? Are these darts made of platinum or some sh*t?-When I saw the new trailer, I thought this game would revolve the romance story of Arno and Elise. Ezio's romances were interesting in the past, so hey, why not? LOLOLOL NOPE, ♥♥♥♥DATSHT. Elise barely shows up for most of the main campaign. I felt like the only reason I understood the romance at all was because I read the book. The game doesn't tell you why they love each other, or how the came to love each other. It just glosses over that by having Arno reminisce about stuff.-Microtransactions, Ubisoft? Really? Gofkurself.+The ONLY REEDEMING THING ABOUT THIS is the freerunning. THAT'S IT. I want my 60 dollars back."
76561198294184361,Recommended,289650,33306920,Posted: 6 July,all,Cherokeedog,"Gave it a negative review on account of having game breaking bugs still lingering years after its release. Decided to change my review because it's actually quite an enjoyable game and it's got a ton of content, mind a heavy lack of RPG elements. The bugs do have solutions in the end, and I only encountered one that messed up things. It only happened once though.So, the good:- Astonishing environments. The game hasn't aged a bit in this regard. And actually, in any regard.- Charismatic protagonist. Haven't seen one since Ezio.- Lots of customizing options for the character.- Lots of content, more diverse and better built than in previous franchise installments.- Interesting enough story. More personal, therefore more immersive. It was refreshing seeing the protagonist not giving much of a crap about the assassins vs templars mumbo-jumbo, being passed by an ancient artifact on the fly and not knowing or caring much what a sage was. Also, there are very little ""present day"" interruptions. Always found them annoying.- Great dlc. Its atmosphere is even more immersive that the main game's, and it's also got a lot of content.The not so good:- Heavy lack of RPG elements. As in cutscenes that would've brought us much closer to the protagonist and would've made the experience much more immersive. The story is better than in the previous latest installments, but you end up not caring much about it. It's still there just to justify the sandbox.- Movement bugs. While the parkour is more realistic and spectacular, the character's response to commands it's awkward and he gets stuck in many places.- Not really a fan of the new combat system. It's still good enough though. Still spectacular.The really bad:- The ""corrupt save"" bug is still there."
76561198035511226,Not Recommended,289650,33620522,Posted: 17 July,all,m7hughes,It worked for the first three hours. but when trying to do swan leap the character just jumps down reguardless of where it is.Also why can you not change the controls of the leap when pretty much everything else is customisable?if you have bought this horrific example of unity ( well about average for unity) charging too much for rubbish.please make a small trench and then put your expectations 3 feet (90CM) below it.I hate it!also it stops working after 3 hours of gameplay for me.
76561198071342784,Recommended,289650,16161456,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,DANKMEMES.RU,Amazing game fun to play and good storyline
,Not Recommended,289650,13012114,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Waddles Sandusky.,"Why would they do this? Why would I buy this? HOW DID THIS MAKE IT PAST PLAY TESTERS? WERE THERE EVEN ANY? Did Ubi pay Satan to give them hell's sewer off-run to create this colassal piece of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ery? Is an asian man driving this game? I don't even like racsict jokes, but this game made me so upset that I had to use an asian man to describe JUST HOW MUCH this game crashes. Ubi, you were okay, I hated UPlay, and now, I hate to say it, I hate U... bisoft. Get it? I hope Far Cry 4 isn't as ♥♥♥♥ed as this game is...R.I.P."
,Not Recommended,289650,14559848,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,[ICTH] Rilic,worst £40 ever spent.
,Not Recommended,289650,13534752,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,R4PT0R77,"The game itself isn’t that bad, but in the end it comes down the substandard optimisation and the overall bug ridden Paris that the game is based in.  The Gameplay is decent animations are smooth and the amount of NPC's is great but it seems as if it’s either the lighting or the large clusters of NPC's that are causing severe frame rate drops (as low as 15-20FPS) in most cases.  Even when running at low settings literally scraping the bottom of the barrel are there a boost in frame rate.  So in the end it comes down to the technical problems with the game not the game itself.     If we could get this without the severe lack of optimisation it would be a great game"
76561198145754153,Not Recommended,289650,18506481,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Apollo,I bought the game while back it was fun until there was  a missin wwhere i have to kill bellec and that mission is so glichy that there is no way to win. So of all these assassins creed games this is the worst
,Not Recommended,289650,18517947,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,kremit.,"Promising storyline, great graphics, ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE GAMEPLAY. I'm a huge fan of this series, I even put up with the clunkiness of Rogue. But... this is just awful."
76561198090608504,Not Recommended,289650,18532535,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,VvultasS,Just pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t never buy it. Just get 3 or 4 bl instead.
,Recommended,289650,18472106,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Tarzan,I lost interest in the franchise until i recently got this game.I was really enjoying it up until sequence 11 when my save game deleted.Apart from this issue the game runs really well due to the updates and i would recommend it.
,Not Recommended,289650,18523864,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SKT Huni,"For all thats holy, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,289650,17717706,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,XYZ,+ Beautiful+ Paris looks and feels like a real city- Lots of bugs and glitches- No 'real world' story in this one.
76561198139403874,Recommended,289650,12944062,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Quenching Beef Extract,Patches hvae finally made it throughthough i havent tried it as of now.
,Not Recommended,289650,12979315,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Musica,"The engine is worse then crysis, what that means is the engine IS BROKEN. Ether that or they have a contact with NVidia to sell graphics cards. I say both cause that’s what this game is it's only here to sell graphics cards. We have GTA 5 around the corner and Dragon age will be out within a week both of which are showing graphics on par with ACU or better. Yet here is the thing they don't need a graphics card that was released A MONTH AGO. I'm not joking the recommended for GTA 5 and Dragon age is a 2 year old graphics card but no ACU ""recommends"" a month old graphics card.It gets worse here’s the thing my gtx 660 can actually run the game. On max settings it crashes in 30 minutes, on the lowest about 5 minutes (not kidding). It gets better the graphics look worse then AC: Black flag (played that on max) on the lowest settings actually it looks worse then AC: 1 but it's still crashing my card.So I can't play the game and there is no reason to spend over 300 dollars on a new card, and since it will be at least another 2 years before the 660 becomes obsolete it looks like I won't be playing this game till then. Good Job Ubisoft.Update: after over a year I finaly got it to work. . . . this game is a BORE HOLE. so boring. played throught it maxed everything out. so BORING, the coop is fun with friends though."
76561197975022151,Recommended,289650,16585653,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lonewolf,"I waited to buy this game and so played Rogue first (I recommend playing in this order anyway as Unity begins where Rogue ended).  I think it was a good choice as I haven't experienced most of the game-breaking bugs that were apparent upon release.  I've played 30 hours so far and have only experienced one major bug: falling through the map during an air assassination attempt.  I'm running a Nvidia GTX970 with 8GB ram and 12GB VRAM, so that probably helps.  This game is without a doubt the most graphically beautiful of all the titles in this series.  I spent a good hour simply marveling at the graphical quality of the textures and environments.  I really like this game, as the story so far is good and there is TONS of stuff to do.  I think this is probably the best assassins creed since part 2.  That being said, there are still issues with the game:The controls.  They are clunky, with the best comparison coming from the first Assassin's Creed game with Altair.  You want to do one thing, and Arno does another.  This gets frustrating quickly, especially when Arno randomly going in the opposite direction than you intended compromises your mission.  As many titles as there have been in the series, there's simply no excuse for how unresponsive Arno is.  I've played almost all titles in this series, and this one has the worst control responsiveness, by far.  This however doesn't render the game unplayable, just frustrating at times.  I've had a couple of nerdrage keyboard slamming moments as a result.Lockpicking is unnecessarily hard.  I suppose this is a highly opinionated statement, but I really found that you can't master the timing, because the indicator activates somewhat randomly when you hit the space bar to trigger the pick.  This becomes less an issue with lockpick mastery upgrades, but I think they could have polished this system better.Issues aside, I still recommend this game.  With the issues I read about from release, I don't think I could have recommended it then, but that's why I waited to play this game over six months after release."
,Recommended,289650,13719979,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,gomless,"Since i got a new graphics card, i was able to play this game with no lag at all. The story is OK, the combat is difficult (for once) and I just LOVE the idea of co-op missions, too bad no one is playing this game to play with. The graphics are fairly good, and the stealth mechanics are improved. But on the darker side of this game, there is major animation and ragdoll glitches, and the PC requirments for this game are ridiculus. I rate it a 8/10     I recommend buying this if you have the RECOMMENDED PC requirments at least.My PC setupIntel i5 3350pMSI GTX 970 4GB COWindows 8"
76561198136375953,Not Recommended,289650,17632088,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,andy.schryvers,"This game actually managed to give me a blue screen of death, and my pc is a beast.I feel like I'm in an abusive relationship with Ubisoft because I'm actually considering buying a next gen console just so I can play this game."
76561198045613523,Not Recommended,289650,17608146,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Sekapoko,"Buggy, multiplayer is super duper buggy, graphics are pretty, engine is crap.It's like playing shadow of mordor with horrific fps and insanely bad local hosting for multiplayer."
76561198039044789,Not Recommended,289650,17551194,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Forro,"I waited a long time for the ""fixes"" promised after the terrible release.  I never noticed a difference in performance when they were released.  But I still played quite a bit, despite the literally forgettable story (I honestly can't remember any details of the plot), because climbing buildings and stabbing people still has its charms.  The final straw was when I decided to try out the Dead Kings DLC.  The opening movie just cuts out a few seconds in and then starts with the main character standing on a table, unable to move.  Not even the menu key works, so I have to force stop the game.  Because there is no way to move on from here, I am uninstalling this game and never returning."
76561198028448671,Recommended,289650,17781126,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Yusho,"Ok so first a little background.Played Assassin's Creed since the first one and played all of the 'main' games but Roque at this point (so 1, all of 2, 3 and 4). And so far my favorite is still 2 (first one of the Ezio saga).At this point I have finished Sequence 4 and I am doing a ton of side stuff since I will forget them otherwise :pNow to this game. Mind that all of the following is my personal opinion.The good.- Feels like an Assassin's Creed game.- Combat changed, meaning I have to relearn and readjust a bit.- Changes to free running (free run normal, free run and attempt to rise, free run and attempt to descend).- Co-op missions (been waiting for this for years).- Murder solving and other side missions and events.- 'forces' more stealthy behaviour.The bad.- Why am I suddenly on my desktop?- My first co-op was laggy. Mission succeded but I ended up re-doing it solo after just to experience the actual mission.- Lockpicking is boring.- How did those guards NOT hear that gunshot? But wait, others did hear people screaming?I can probably continue filling both lists for a whle if I really put my mind to it.But the value to each point is more important. The negatives are annoying, but not game breaking and the positives are just that, positives. So far this game will be worth the money I spend on it, but only just. There is this feeling like something is missing or something isn't right. I cannot explain it really well since I do not know what I am looking for.But there are also these mixed feeling moments. Groups tend to use their guns a lot more and you cannot evade them like in 3 and 4. It is annoying when you (accindetally) start a big fight. But on the other hand it means I have to approach things differently which is something I like.So I will end this before it turns into me rambling on and on.I like the game. I am happy that I changed my mind and bought it. I will recomend it to other people, but not everyone. Some of my friends have 0 patience and wil probably die a lot when going rambo in this game. To those people I will not recomend this game. People who like to stealth a bit more or at least plan their attack before jumping in, those will probably like this game."
76561198073111332,Not Recommended,289650,13085761,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Mr.Duck,"Very laggy. Many Glitches.The lag is the mouse. I will move the mouse and it will take a second to render it making it hard to choose options and even turn my character.The glitch is the game. In building and most missions the screen will turn a bright white and even if I turn the brightness down all the way it will still be impossible to see.Not worth the money. You're better off buying Black Flag (which I have, it's very fun). If you want a fun game with the same parquor (sorry for spelling) buy another assassins creed game or Shadow of Mordor."
76561198155684007,Recommended,289650,13085919,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Pappy,"I'm Very Sorry for the following content Because I'll just sound like errbody else butt           i shan't (lol Dat word) recommend this game beacuse on consoles, its actually pretty good. but if you're stupid like me and wanted it on pc....I HIGHLY recommend NOT getting it for pc. For Consoles, it's a bit glitchy but playable ON PC IT'S FRAKKIN HELL in teh first cutscene the FPS was like 16 and when it was working, their peoples' hair and coat tails were flying all over the place. So Here Is My Review, Pc... NOT EVER (until they fix it). for Console, Eh why not"
,Recommended,289650,13086528,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,UndeadToast1249,Yup.
,Not Recommended,289650,13150479,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Flashwulf,Really desapointing game.
76561197970899855,Not Recommended,289650,13152525,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Cryptodynamic,"A major disappointment, after Black Flag. They added a few things, but then made everything else worse in the process. Added crouching for stealth, but removed whistling, hiding underwater and moving bodies. Added the ability to quickly move downwards, but give you areas with so much clutter that you're constantly getting stuck to them. Made combat take a bit more thought than just constant countering, but then removed the ability to shield yourself against gunfire.The character advancement is a mess, with little indication of what, exactly, the stats on your equipment do. You'll get equipment rewards from the main plot that are garbage compared to things you can buy from doing just a few sidequests. The map is littered with chests that you can't open until you max out the Lockpicking skill, but you can't tell that you can't open them until you actually get close. The less said about the Nomad stuff, the better, and Initiates has been ridicuously buggy. It still hasn't given me credit for other games in the series, even though elsewhere in the same system it notes that I've beaten them.The setting is irrelevant for more than half of the main plotline, as is Arno's membership in the Assassins. The plot does nothing to advance the overall plot of the series. I didn't run into the craziest of the bugs (missing faces, etc.), but I've had multiple crashes, and could not get the unique assassination on one of the missions because an NPC kept walking into a wall, breaking his script.I'd recommend avoiding this. Even if you're a big fan of the series, you won't actually miss any plot development."
,Recommended,289650,13153070,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,jizzmo,i had bought this game for 59.99 and worked at first but then after i got past the loading screen and after i clicked on the assassin like it wonted me to do it stopped running and it would freeze my gaming computer i hope this will be fixed in the future hoping it will be fixed
,Not Recommended,289650,13153198,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Lars of the Mohicans,God. Damn. It.
76561198058539922,Not Recommended,289650,13154058,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,gammer2007,Dont get this game i have a high end graghic card  and i7 prossesor I like the game intell now it is diffrent not in the way you would like. the screen is diffrent it take way more to run it than before if i would of listen to people post I would not be out the money i have given them for the game it is not a good game to play because it takes to many resources for the computer. I Myself may never play the game again they were trying make it better but they did not the only made it worse. would i say over all it is a good game NO!!!!!
76561197986650348,Not Recommended,289650,13154119,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,robotlord138,"I'm a big fan of the series and even though Black Flag was't a true Assassin's game it did break up the monotony of the series locales which were beautiful but were wearing a little thin after 5 games. So I actually surprised myself by getting as excited as I did for the series returning to its traditional European cities and rooftops after a couple years. That anticipation fell flat when I launched the game at 3am, yes because we on the east-coast actually had to wait till 3am. Obviously the framerate issues were the first noticebly bad aspect but that aside its just not a very good game. None of the AC games have a great or even clear story most of the time but Unity is overwhelmingly bad, I wanted to hold the skip button every time everyone in France started speaking with their English accents. The stealth is pretty atrocious, enemies will spot you when your 60 yards away while being 2 stories directly above them. The new parcour is pretty cool most of the time, except of course while your tailing a potential assassination target and you cant drop from the last ledge and hide behind something because the game isnt recognizing your hitting the frickin B button a billion times. The reason I got tired of playing Brotherhood was because there was way way too many pointless marks and things to sopposively do on the map and its 100 times worse in Unity. The map looks like someone farted confetti on a birthday cake. Thanks UBISOFT it takes me 5 mins just to find where the next story mission is on the map ""In the meantime Ill just go open up these gold chests, Oh wait I cant until I play this AC browser game. Ok Ill go open these blue chests then. Whats that I need to play an AC mobile game to access those?"" After patches and optmizing my video settings Im able to run at a stable fps clip and that would be a blazing 35 fps (except of course when Im playing co-op or the campaign then it drops to 15-20) Most importantly the game is just not fun, after collecting dozens and dozens of cockholds or whatever they're called Im drowning in a cesspool of boredom.  I cant remember one story mission not one. This game is so boring and forgettable that I forgot what I was talking about. So needless to say when I say Im done with this franchise this time I might actually be telling the truth."
76561198035362613,Recommended,289650,13154412,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,drowe1975,"Hi,     I love the game, it taks alot to make games and most people dont understand that games have problems, I got the new COD for my ps3 and it freezes all the time, doesnt mean Im stop playing it. I have been playing ACREED for years and I found that the story rocks and not a big fan when people talk down to programers it took them 2yrs to make this game and I was proud to buy the early copy and season pass but never give up on what we love playing games. Want to say thank you to the people who work hard to put this out thank you Steam for beening the best software for computers and over all STOP BASHING HARD WORK>>>>>>>  if we could all understand why they go threw to put out a game u would understand......."
76561198083817335,Recommended,289650,13155074,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,andy.schreiber,"this game turned out to be a great buy. yes there was time it kinda glitched up but nothing to be expected. as long as you have the pc specs to play it, its a good time to be had by all. i recomend this to anyone wanting the latest assassines creed game for sure!!!!"
76561198086936434,Recommended,289650,13155579,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Classic,"Look if your pc is good enough it is DEFIENTLY WORTH, me and three mates always are havung a ball. Apart from some bugs its a must buy!!!"
,Recommended,289650,13156202,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Billy~,"I just finished playing the story of this game and i have to say that the game is rreally good as i am a huge fan of AC and also the story. But i dont like the ending as i hope she is alive. nice game, and the clothes like silk. Haha..."
76561198154067080,Not Recommended,289650,13020538,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,略略略,"why uplay wants me put the cdkey again,then i cant play this game any more!!!"
,Not Recommended,289650,13021205,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Dismallake,"i wonder what happened to games.first watchdogs,then cod advanced warfare and now this.people say there buggy and that but i never bought them on pc but i did buy this game and well in my opinion for this game the point of making it and buying it was so ubisoft can assainate our wallets and that went very well for them."
76561198148998952,Not Recommended,289650,13021693,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,brock15415,i cant play this game update it for macs please i love the series
,Not Recommended,289650,13034844,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,jonpmota,"This game was big disappoint of me. Because controls are terrible, the game has A LOT bugs, I have almost rage quit because them and story isn't very good. But the visuals are really NICE, voice acting is quite good.  It's sad to say it.. but AC Rogue is still a better game. AC4 BlackFlag is still the best entry since AC2, AC Unity feels like a mess of the options avaliable in the FIRST AC game entry. I really hope they fix this... or start to take better use of the time to Q/A the games before releasing them.  The series needs more than a few months to make... Take the extra time to make it worth the player cost."
,Recommended,289650,13034854,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,ZoooZ,"Check out my review, I hope you like it. The game has a lot of issues and problems, but thats not mean it's a bad game. buy the game when its on sale.http://youtu.be/wQeQUkmEllM?list=UUkt5IZANlolWGQwv1yccHSQ"
76561198015671738,Not Recommended,289650,13037071,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,JBolton(Steven Harrow),"AC:U was great at the start...of the first cinematic. After that you may still find enjoyment and the ability to look past the few bugs. I.E. randomly falling through ground, watching random people appear in places they shouldn't, and low frame rates. All that sounds minor for a big fan like myself, until you are completing a story mission and a random silhouette shows up asking you to join Co-op. This should never even been allowed, but you avoid the silhouette to focus on your story mission only to get a loading screen. Cut Scene?! Nope you just loaded into a Co-op mission which you exit only to have the game lag and then corrupt your save file after you try to restart. No support from Ubisoft after almost a week of wait for your ticket to be answered and there goes a week’s worth of play time. Since this is the second time I have lost a save file because of glitch or server sync issue, I have no issues warning other buyers of this game that bugs and glitches are to be expected, but if you release two patches within seven days...you might have well just called release a beta launch.Bottom line: Game was not fully developed, mobile app does not sync always, game can corrupt itself, Co-op is limited to only the free roam and specified mission, and most Co-op mission glitch to point where you cannot complete them. Save your money and wait till all bugs fixed or just avoid. Get Shadows of Mordor or something else with that money."
76561197988465767,Not Recommended,289650,13038058,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Sereth,i havnt got to many hours under my belt on this game but. but to lose your quest guy 3 times in a row. after trying to follow him and he just disapears. i tried to find him once with eagel vision. apperantly he had found a sneaky way of getting out of the prison through a portal that must have been only accesable to him for he was cliffhanging under the door that he needed to open for me.  frame rates horrible. i am not a fan. and this needs serius work. this game is also the reason i refuse to buy farcry 4. good work Ubisoft
76561198069049017,Recommended,289650,17956599,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,photoshop22,I liked the game!
76561198134678153,Recommended,289650,18013768,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,OPPISITE DAY,Game is okay/ I'd say could be better. it was running really smoth but then started to lag a bit but didnt cause too much trouble i'd say 7/10
76561198015104887,Not Recommended,289650,14892858,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,captainmurder,"Well... I checked all the negative reviews and thought sod it. Its half price on Steam so i went for it. Played it on both low and Ultra settings and apart from the glitchy UBSoft logo intro, the game plays very well on my system. I have an ASUS 7970 Direct 11 card which seems to like this game. I can't see all the problems players are having. Maybe i'm just lucky. 15/09/2015 - Utter rubbish. The controls are non responsive and all over the place. Gameplay is boring and lack lustre. Waste of money. The worst Assassins Creed ever. No more please."
,Recommended,289650,18725127,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Estray One,"This game is seriously demanding. I have an overclocked GTX 970 @ 1486 Mhz, VRAM almost 8Ghz and an overclocked FX 8350 @ 4.6GHz and I get about 50-60 fps on ultra with 2x MSAA. That being said, This is one of the best Assassin's Creed games to date in my opinion. I really like the open-worldness and had lots of fun playing the multiplayer missions with a friend. I also like that you can just run around paris with up to 4 of your mates. Yes it had some issues in the beginning but they are all resolved now."
76561198173805718,Recommended,289650,18716589,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,TetreOnIEA,it okay its just its so hard to get it up on pc i mean i just cant ive never played it
,Recommended,289650,18734012,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,JLansing,"I have played through all the AC games and just finished Unity. There is something I want to make clear. This game is good. HOWEVER! It is a pain to get it to play.I had to turn off all my startup programs > Turn off Uplay's overlay > Turn off cloud saves > Make a new admin user on my computer > and other stuff to get it to even start (Things like turning off over clocking on my GTX 980 Ti K|ngp|n gfx card)Is it worth buying, sure, it might work for you. lol Wait for a sale and get it. It's a fun play and I got it cheap so I don't mind. If you don't know much about computers, get the game, try to get it to start, if you hit problems just get a refund from Steam. You'll know if you're going to have problems within the first 30mins (Or at least from what I know).The game plays well, and I had fun. That's what counts. If you've played the other AC games, then get this. If you haven't, there are better onces to get. Go for Black Flag before this."
,Not Recommended,289650,18720446,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,james924,"Horrible experience. I am a french revolution history buff and was SO looking forward to this game. Very disappointing. It seems like these guys have one team of awesome game makers and then another team of people whose job it is to make the awesome games a pain to get running. Why do I get errors about point of entry? Why does my game shitdown and talk about ""UPlay was unable to connect please quit"". Why does my effort to even open the game get stalled by so much uplay bullcrap?  I didn't buy uplay. You didn't advertise uplay to me. You got me excited about Unity, not uplay and yet you throw a thousand uplay related roadblocks and annoyances at me.  So you know wat? Screw you and your games. YOu need to fire the idiots who spend their time finding ways to create these problems. Just let me play the dang game that I spent so much money on you jerks."
76561198120336633,Recommended,289650,18719210,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Valkyrja,this game is awsome
,Recommended,289650,12925513,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,todsoN,Great ACRLY hated that the port for the pc is bad but..I really enjoy this game :)
,Not Recommended,289650,16998298,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,CrimsonXIII,"I̶'̶d̶ ̶r̶e̶c̶o̶m̶m̶e̶n̶d̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶o̶n̶ ̶a̶ ̶s̶a̶l̶e̶.̶ ̶I̶ ̶b̶o̶u̶g̶h̶t̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶a̶t̶ ̶l̶a̶u̶n̶c̶h̶ ̶b̶e̶c̶a̶u̶s̶e̶ ̶I̶ ̶w̶a̶s̶ ̶i̶n̶ ̶s̶o̶m̶e̶ ̶h̶u̶g̶e̶ ̶A̶s̶s̶a̶s̶s̶i̶n̶'̶s̶ ̶C̶r̶e̶e̶d̶ ̶o̶b̶s̶e̶s̶s̶i̶o̶n̶.̶ ̶A̶n̶y̶w̶a̶y̶,̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶r̶e̶v̶i̶e̶w̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶b̶a̶s̶e̶d̶ ̶o̶n̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶e̶x̶p̶e̶r̶i̶e̶n̶c̶e̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶.̶ ̶S̶o̶ ̶f̶a̶r̶ ̶I̶ ̶h̶a̶v̶e̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶h̶a̶d̶ ̶a̶n̶y̶ ̶t̶e̶r̶r̶i̶b̶l̶e̶ ̶g̶l̶i̶t̶c̶h̶e̶s̶,̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶I̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶ ̶r̶u̶n̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶o̶n̶ ̶V̶e̶r̶y̶ ̶H̶i̶g̶h̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶a̶ ̶r̶a̶r̶e̶ ̶t̶i̶n̶y̶ ̶b̶i̶t̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶l̶a̶g̶.̶ ̶W̶h̶a̶t̶'̶s̶ ̶w̶e̶i̶r̶d̶,̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶I̶'̶d̶ ̶s̶a̶y̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶P̶C̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶m̶e̶d̶i̶u̶m̶-̶h̶i̶g̶h̶-̶i̶s̶h̶ ̶e̶n̶d̶.̶ ̶T̶h̶e̶ ̶o̶n̶l̶y̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶w̶h̶i̶c̶h̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶b̶o̶t̶h̶e̶r̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶m̶e̶ ̶S̶O̶ ̶m̶u̶c̶h̶,̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶t̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶w̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶I̶ ̶t̶r̶y̶ ̶p̶l̶a̶y̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶w̶h̶i̶l̶e̶ ̶t̶a̶l̶k̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶f̶r̶i̶e̶n̶d̶s̶ ̶o̶n̶ ̶S̶k̶y̶p̶e̶ ̶o̶r̶ ̶S̶t̶e̶a̶m̶'̶s̶ ̶v̶o̶i̶c̶e̶ ̶c̶h̶a̶t̶,̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶i̶r̶ ̶v̶o̶i̶c̶e̶s̶ ̶m̶e̶s̶s̶ ̶u̶p̶ ̶s̶o̶ ̶b̶a̶d̶ ̶I̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶ ̶b̶a̶r̶e̶l̶y̶ ̶u̶n̶d̶e̶r̶s̶t̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶m̶.̶ ̶T̶h̶e̶i̶r̶ ̶v̶o̶i̶c̶e̶s̶ ̶g̶o̶ ̶q̶u̶i̶e̶t̶ ̶a̶s̶ ̶h̶e̶l̶l̶,̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶l̶o̶u̶d̶,̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶s̶o̶m̶e̶t̶i̶m̶e̶s̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶i̶r̶ ̶v̶o̶i̶c̶e̶ ̶d̶o̶e̶s̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶e̶v̶e̶n̶ ̶c̶o̶m̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶r̶o̶u̶g̶h̶.̶ ̶O̶r̶,̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶y̶ ̶c̶o̶m̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶r̶o̶u̶g̶h̶ ̶a̶t̶ ̶d̶e̶l̶a̶y̶e̶d̶ ̶t̶i̶m̶e̶s̶.̶ ̶I̶ ̶w̶o̶u̶l̶d̶ ̶R̶E̶A̶L̶L̶Y̶ ̶l̶i̶k̶e̶ ̶a̶ ̶f̶i̶x̶ ̶f̶o̶r̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶,̶ ̶s̶e̶e̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶a̶s̶ ̶n̶o̶ ̶m̶a̶t̶t̶e̶r̶ ̶h̶o̶w̶ ̶m̶u̶c̶h̶ ̶I̶ ̶s̶e̶a̶r̶c̶h̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶p̶r̶o̶b̶l̶e̶m̶ ̶u̶p̶ ̶I̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶f̶i̶n̶d̶ ̶a̶n̶y̶o̶n̶e̶ ̶e̶l̶s̶e̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶s̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶p̶r̶o̶b̶l̶e̶m̶.̶ ̶A̶n̶y̶w̶a̶y̶,̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶c̶o̶ ̶o̶p̶,̶ ̶f̶r̶o̶m̶ ̶w̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶I̶'̶v̶e̶ ̶p̶l̶a̶y̶e̶d̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶r̶a̶n̶d̶o̶m̶s̶,̶ ̶h̶a̶s̶ ̶p̶o̶t̶e̶n̶t̶i̶a̶l̶.̶ ̶I̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶ ̶i̶m̶a̶g̶i̶n̶e̶ ̶t̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶w̶o̶u̶l̶d̶ ̶b̶e̶ ̶b̶r̶i̶l̶l̶i̶a̶n̶t̶ ̶f̶u̶n̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶f̶r̶i̶e̶n̶d̶s̶.̶ ̶U̶n̶f̶o̶r̶t̶u̶n̶a̶t̶e̶l̶y̶ ̶f̶o̶r̶ ̶m̶e̶,̶ ̶n̶o̶n̶e̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶f̶r̶i̶e̶n̶d̶s̶ ̶o̶w̶n̶ ̶i̶t̶.̶ ̶I̶ ̶f̶o̶u̶n̶d̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶s̶t̶o̶r̶y̶,̶ ̶s̶o̶ ̶f̶a̶r̶,̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶b̶e̶ ̶s̶o̶m̶e̶w̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶d̶u̶l̶l̶,̶ ̶b̶u̶t̶ ̶I̶ ̶w̶e̶n̶t̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶D̶L̶C̶ ̶a̶r̶e̶a̶,̶ ̶n̶o̶t̶ ̶r̶e̶a̶l̶i̶s̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶w̶a̶s̶ ̶i̶n̶t̶e̶n̶d̶e̶d̶ ̶f̶o̶r̶ ̶p̶l̶a̶y̶e̶r̶s̶ ̶w̶h̶o̶ ̶h̶a̶d̶ ̶b̶e̶a̶t̶e̶n̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶m̶a̶i̶n̶ ̶s̶t̶o̶r̶y̶,̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶I̶ ̶l̶i̶k̶e̶d̶ ̶w̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶I̶ ̶s̶a̶w̶.̶ ̶E̶v̶e̶r̶y̶t̶h̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶s̶e̶e̶m̶e̶d̶ ̶d̶a̶r̶k̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶k̶i̶n̶d̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶e̶e̶r̶i̶e̶.̶ ̶I̶'̶m̶ ̶l̶o̶o̶k̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶f̶o̶r̶w̶a̶r̶d̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶p̶l̶a̶y̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶D̶L̶C̶.̶Scratch that. This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing disgrace."
76561197995740215,Not Recommended,289650,18607063,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Oxygo,"Do NOT buy this game if you are using a GTX 690 GPU. The game will stutter every 3-5 seconds and it's untolerable. After some searching i found out that its poor game optimalisation with SLI, and that the way the game utilizes the gpu with the AI will drown one core while the other remains near idle. After a whole year this has still not been fixed. At least not for GTX 690"
,Recommended,289650,18659477,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[25th] NorthernWarrior,"This Game I was so like nah maybe I wont test it out, eventough I heard so mutch bad stuff about. but then Aegin I am intressted into late 1700 s and that Period of War and Drama so. and I tested in out and I relly enjoyed it, I like how they made this game and it would be intressting to test out MP/Co-Op thing asswell someday. so I give this game a rating of 10 out of 10 Eagle Standrds. :P and yes I reccomend you try out the game, before you do give it a bad sign or mark."
76561198013515959,Not Recommended,289650,18777318,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,moholdt,"It seems Ubisoft spent more time developing the graphics engine than the actual story and gameplay. The game looks great, but that's about it.Most of the quests in the game are tedious. The Nostradamus quests are confusing and doesn't feel worth it at all. The investigation quests gets boring really fast (run to x and look for clues, rinse and repeat).The multiplayer part (playing with randoms) is just chaos and no fun at all, and playing most of them single player is too hard. ""But the challenge is awesome!"" ""Yeeeah, no thanks. I'd rather just jump off a building, if the controllers would let me"".The animus rifts (or whatever you call them) were fun, but it broke the immersion of feeling that you were living the past of the main character. Did Arno experience this or is the player who is logged in the animus experience it? I don't know.. I'm really confused.It's like Ubisoft is playing by the same rules as the assassins, everything is allowed because I'm not sure what the hell is going on anymore, storywise.Movement feels like more of an issue than in previous games. I felt the character do something I did not intend way more often than in previous games. So many lost stealth oportunities when Arno suddenly is standing on a table in the middle of a room with 16 enemies looking at him confused.The cover ability was pretty annoying. ""Am I in cover now? No? Now then? No.. How about now?"" Moving around like a drunken man looking for his glasses on the floor. Suddenly, 16 enemies looking at him, confused again. Not to worry, smoke bomb and run. Seriously. The only tool worth investing in is smoke bombs, because that's the only game mechanic I felt was reliable. Everything else was like a shot in the dark.So I don't recommend this game because I really think they spent their entire budget on the new graphics engine. Maybe Syndicate will be better, now that that's out of the way."
,Not Recommended,289650,18778717,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,CwabTwee,Good effort to make a good game but Ubisoft bit the framerate on this one! Bit the big one!
76561198183750793,Not Recommended,289650,18492859,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,EMPEROR-OF-CHAOS,i cant even open the damb game i get to the gamplay then it froce closes on me pleaes help and the lag is horbal
76561198016229813,Not Recommended,289650,14073286,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Wexel,The scenery is so perfectToobad the gameplay sucks so hard. With the random laggs and the assasin not listening to your commands just waiting 20 seconds to get killed slowly by a gunman...It would have been a 9 / 10 if the game worked. But now I just dont recommend it. Only if it was free I should. Just to hang around in Paris for some hours.
76561198122094729,Not Recommended,289650,12954116,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,penhoop,"Spend your hard earned money onto another game. This game, Assassin's Creed Unity is really Lame, The game has gotten away from what it could have been as for the story line and the only city worth being in for you do not have an option of other cities to visit. Laggie, lag sceens failed story lines. Not true to form of the Creed soma. I do not recommend that you spend your chips onto this Miserable Game."
76561198118169689,Recommended,289650,12955766,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Aescend,"There are many terrible reviews kicking around, most of them having to do with graphic issues.When I first bought ACU my PC was running specs somewhere inbetween the required and recommended ones.The game was unplayable due to being choppy/laggy and glitchy, even on the lowest possible settings.After installing a new graphics card (GTX970) and more ram the game now runs perfectly. No more issues at all.I think the biggest issue may have been Ubisoft understating the PC requirements to run the game well.Unfortunately requiring a 600$ish graphics card seems a little excessive, there should probably more abiblity to run on lower settings to better allow people with average PC's to run the game.With a good card 7/10Without... Unplayable"
76561198159275201,Recommended,289650,13569260,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Silent,"It's ok I suppose.The game itself has it's pros & cons with the whole ""hold space to climb up"" & ""hold E to clim down"" thing, it's kind of annoying sometimes, but it works I guess.The game looks georgeous on high-ultra settings but is unstable as ♥♥♥♥. It manages to top out at around 55fps on ultra with my old 960 card but usually hangs around at high 30s low 40s. If you have a system well above the recommended specs, I'd recommend this game if you really love the assassin's creed series. If you don't have a system way above the recommended specs, just leave it. It feels like it's still in early access.Full System:Intel Core i7 2600k OC 3,8GHzGIGABYTE GTX 960 2GB8GB DDR3 RAM3x Samsung Syncmaster S22B300 (1920x1080)Windows 10 Professional"
76561198055179870,Not Recommended,289650,14381646,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Totaltryhard,"Turrible whatever you do don't buy. It will cause you to use many tissues to dry your tears with which wastes ""papery stuff"" which is pretty much killing trees, so indirectly you are killing trees which in turn kills the planet. GGHonestly dont even pirate it you dont want your internet provider to waste paper by sending a letter on copy right infringement which in turn kills trees which in turn kills the planet."
76561198059857882,Recommended,289650,19328845,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,AssJackal,"Let me first off say, i was just having aconversation with my Girlfriend yesterday about the assassin's creed series being a bunch of rushed projects off the same cloth, given to us as a new game every year, with a bland, forgetful protag, (Minus Earlier renditions, First and Ezio's life and i suppose black flag.) with a bland, over the top ""Stealth"" mechanic that was more of ""Why the hell would i sneak around when i can walk into a fortress and destroy everyone without much hesitiation?"" So when i saw this on sale, i was looking to scratch an itch similar to the one you get after you assasinate one or two people. That bland, ""It needs to be dead with some style"". I expected to scratch it, get through about 30% of the game, and let it sink into my library, much like AC3, and the rest.Now i'm going to tell you why most of the reviews and my first oppinion, were really, really wrong.Know this is where assassin's creed SHOULD. have been years ago, There is a lot of decent moves forward for the genre here,""(Albiet forced co-op that can be fun, but mostly hurts your progression and an app thing thats plain blasphemy) Such as being able to scale down, acctually being able to crouch and move stealthfully by your self as oppsed to merrily jaunting ""Stealth"". and a new fighting mechanic that feels more personal and adds a bit of skill to what was a pretty wompus fighting system at the end.The Graphics here are wonderful, after you see the intro, compared to the last entry before this one, i belive it was rouge, its a night and day difference, and you know that years down the road that you will be able to draw the line where the xbone and psuck stopped holding the damn series back graphically. The game looks wonderful and it's cities, people and fighting sequences impress, its the first game since AC2 where i could see a major graphic step, and also read faces as they should be read. I no longer feel like im playing ""Protag of AC such and such"" I'm Playing as Arno Dorian,On that note, alot of flack coming to and about Arno's character, I have no reason why or how that was ever a thing, but Arno is a fantastic character COMPARED TO THE BLAND PROTAGS OF THE LAST 3 GAMES (excluding addon's and expansions and yaddayadda. but not really, they sucked too.) At least he has SOME semblance of back story, and whats this? He acctually doesn't start off as some whimsicall killing machine that some how skipped years and years of training to become a master assassin? Yeah. looking at you AC:BF. He is introduced to the assassin's in a pretty neat way, and earns his way up to master through the story and how much you apply skills that are common to the AC genre. he's a breath of fresh air, i feel like they borrowed from Ezio a bit, but at the same time i feel he is his own, so i don't regret throwing it out there that i genuinely like Arno's character.The meat of the game is wonderful, the new system for getting up, down and round with your assass-creed-core running is nice and at least updated, i no longer feel (Most of the time) that i am running with some whimsical string tied around my hip and throwing me throught the air with my feet occasionally hitting a roof or something. It feels nice, i thourghly enjoy the idea that a button keeps me moving forward, down or up in a direction, it's not perfect, i'm not stating it its, but it is a step in the right direction. i appreciate the movement that should have been around a long time ago but, better late then never.Customization. Theres a word we sometimes get with AC, some colors and some cool armor at the end. Customized. Not this time friends, this time you acctually get to pick what your assassin wears! If that doesn't some how excite you from what you were doing in previous AC games, well then this probablly isn't the game for you to begin with, but if you are still reading know that Arno is by far and large the most customizable assassin you have played yet and hosts a SLEW of ways to make him yours, its a neat thing that, like the rest of the things they added to unity, should have been there before, but better late then never.TL;DRUnity is a great step forward for the series, people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing and moaning that the protag is not an Edge-master-9000 or that co-op is lame, and pick apart what we all should be saying is a wonderful step forward for what was a stagnant series. So if you were like me and hesitant to come back to something that was dead, don't be, the sale is on, pick this up, and appreciate that things are being done to help out a dying breed. And you know, enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,289650,19375501,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jaebeom,"If you are looking for a game similar to the past Assassin Creed games I do not reccommend you to buy this game. The tutorial part of the game was very long and lasted until sequence 2. Fighting is a bit more complicated making you unable to take on 10+ enemies at once, thus having to use smoke bombs more often. While free-running, it is much much more difficult to control where exactly Arno is going to climb due to a bit of fps lag. Lockpicking is a whole new concept in this game. The difficulty of a lock pick varies no matter what your level is. Some chests I can open with one try, others I will have to go through 15+ picks. There are now 4 different forms of currency you can use in-game and one of them being helixes where you pay to win. It is a bit confusing at first in order to distinguish which currency is used for what because the developers decided not to include this in the long tutorial in the beginning of the game. I find the game less enjoyable and not worth $60, good thing I bought it on sale."
,Recommended,289650,19319926,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DerElectroPrinz,"Attention to detail. Paris looks incredible. The story was decent, not great but as expected from an assassins creed game. I love the customization they offer. Once again though, it's a game while set during an age of turmoil. Would have been nice to see a less hectic paris but overall this game is great. Fun to play and LOTS to do. 7/10"
76561198119066033,Recommended,289650,19418365,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Armageddon_T_Thunderbird,"I started playing this game on PS4 last year but was not happy with the performance, so I put it aside. Bought it on sale because the price was right and I had been thinking about picking up where I left off. I like it and I think it plays fine on pc right now. It still has issues but it is very playable. It is still not well optimized because if I try to run it on anything other than high settings the framerate fluctuates wildly. And this is on a machine equipped with a i7-4790K and MSI GTX 980! I'm playing it on my TV at 1080p and the framerate on high stays pretty much at 60 with dip into the high 50's. I haven't tried using DSR to play it at 1440p yet as it looks fine to me now but I'll probably give that a try tonight to see if it affects the framerate. It'll be interesting to see.  Despite the optimization issues I'd recommend it now to anyone that has a relatively high spec. machine to run it on. I would think definitely a GTX 970 would be fine. Probably a GTX 7880 too. The city looks great and the soundscape is immersive. As long as there are no other problems that pop up it is worth the sale price. I got it for $19 but I would be surprised if it goes lower during the upcoming holiday sale after Christmas."
76561198150870733,Not Recommended,289650,13923832,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,vT Nitro,"I got this game thinking that all the other reviews were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, they werent. This game is definatley better than Black Flag was but still isnt that good. Also this game is very laggy even on low settings and I have an Alienware X51."
,Not Recommended,289650,13924867,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Gamer_Dad,"This has got to be the WORST game ever.  Can't even play it without it horribly lagging.  I'm not about to spend a ton of money to upgrade my rig just to play this POS.  Ubisoft really screwed the pooch on this one.  Well, I've made my decision to NEVER purchase another Ubisoft game again... EVER!"
,Not Recommended,289650,13669197,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,F7LTHY,If this game was a potatoe - it would be a rotten potatoe
76561198150159304,Not Recommended,289650,14231636,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Literal fucking toatser,cant damn launch
76561198044223238,Recommended,289650,14319522,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Zarat,"Ill make it short.NOTE:Taking into account i have played this game after all the patches and i never experienced the massive slowdown most of the players experienced.POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD READ AT YOUR OWN RISKGameplay:The free run mode makes it more fluid both for climbing or for going down a building.Combat was ok, they made it more challenging with the red yellow bar, but in my opinion it felt kind of weird, i liked Shadow of Mordor combat style more but it was still an improvement of Black Flag kinda simple sword combat fighting nevertheless Black Flag did have naval combat wich in my opinion being a naval fan was one of the best ones i have ever seen. This game lacked that sort of mini game (naval combat on ACBF) you had the free run mode and collectables but it all felt kinda streamlined.Graphics:Beatiful, one of the most beatiful landscapes and buildings very detailed to how they are in reality, the gameplay was really fluid too with no hiccups at all (after patch 4 at least, didnt play before)Story:Well written story with a few twists we all like a love story but i liked ACBF more, it had more life in it, this even with all the characters and developments it lacked a bit more in my opinion just a bit more.Support:Ubisoft tried really hard and as fast as they could to fix all the problems most of the players were experiencing they even gave a free dlc as an apology this was a nice gesture in my personal opinion and most game companies wouldnt even had bother. Im looking forward to ubisoft next game, i have hopes they will keep improving themselves and keep making good games."
,Recommended,289650,13035816,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Toastie,"OK UPlay is the stupidest feature to anything ever created why cant they just do it direct no one cares about stupid uplay achivements, but the game's fine, a little choppy but playable due to updates"
76561198031367026,Not Recommended,289650,17483534,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,FluffyCat,"ubisoft took my money and gave me a buggy, unfinished game that required 5 patches and a $1000 pc upgrade.and the game still sucks"
,Not Recommended,289650,17454720,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Johnny,"The game has probably the best visuals and facial animation ive seen in a game. Yet the gameplay is still too easy and the story is still too weird with its sci-fi elements. The connection between the world youre playing and the Animus comes just too sudden and breaks immersion. Youre playing in one moment and suddenly you need to ""Server hop"" which means the world gets corrupted and you have to get from A to B.The game deserves tons of recognition for its visuals, the artists behind this are geniouses. The characters are also well done. But it gets boring without good gameplay, you end up doing the same thing all the time. The AC series have a chance to be something very great but they need to change up the gameplay for me to continue with these series."
,Not Recommended,289650,17470542,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Deadmandancin,"Officially the worst in the series, when a game based primarily on the ability to run and jump glitches out twice in one hour due to the shoddy movement mechanics you really should consider actually fixing your broken game. Dickbag ubisoft don't care though. They have our money now, why bother making the game playable?"
76561198059438680,Not Recommended,289650,17477561,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Ze Hickory,Makes a potato out of a computer real quick. - IGN 20/19.25
,Not Recommended,289650,16834690,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Geronimo Windstorm,Buggiest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. Worst AC game ever in my opinion.
,Recommended,289650,21470599,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,GentleGeorge ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Such a shame really. It would be a really amazing game if it weren't for the frame rate issue and the microtransaction. I would rate it neutral because despite of the problems, it actually pretty fun. There's so much things to do. And the assassin's tradition can be felt in the game. Where you have to go through the initiation process to actually be an assassin. I really missed those feels since AC3 and Black Flag kind of having an unsuitable era and situation to held an initiation event so they kind of just go with the flow and let The Connors be assassins. 6/10 from me."
,Recommended,289650,21533731,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Soldarix,I thought that this game and Arno's story in general were an incredible addition to the Assassin's Creed series.
,Not Recommended,289650,21496534,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zeke,"Having finished the main story, tried several co-op missions, and attempted to play the DLC, I can safely say that skipping this one is a good idea. I didn’t play this game when it came out, and most of the issues present in the day one version of this game have been fixed--sort of. Oddly enough, I was able to play Syndicate before Unity, so a lot of what was introduced in Unity was polished up for Syndicate. Anyway, here are the good bits, lukewarm bits, and diseased bits:PROS++Many of the historical characters don’t feel forced into the story. Sure, many of them are useless and do feel like token character additions at times, but they still have roles in the game. In Syndicate, every single one except for the officer is forced into the story.+Marquis De Sade is in the game and asks the main character an incredibly explicit sexual question.MIXED+/-+/-One of the side activities includes murder investigations. I really, really like this! Unfortunately, many of them are insulting easy to figure out. It’s almost like they were thrown into the game and were too hard, so the devs purposely made them easy.CONS:-Quit it with the damnable bilingual dialog! Either have all the characters speak French with subtitles or all English. It was bloody annoying with Ezio and it’s still annoying now. Or at least have an option like “Other language subtitles” that Sleeping Dogs did.-The co-op is fun when it functions well. It's fun to sneak into a place and stealthy attack people, or just swarm them. But...... There's no ping meter, text chat, and, the worst sin, no co-op stuff. What do I mean? Stuff like.. Assassin the two targets at once, pull the two switches at once, one person hold down the switch while the other defends... Actual CO-OP actions, not just single-player with two. Also, you'd think: I should be able to queue up multiple missions to play with random people! Nope, you either queue for just one and wait forever, or queue for ALL and get the same one with Paton a billion times. It's just... I really.. I really want to love this co-op. I wish they'd make a co-op version of Black Flag/Rogue where you're a part of an Assassin crew.-A lot of the combat isn't synced correctly. In fact, I’ve never had trouble with melee combat until Unity in an AC game. In multiplayer, this is even worse.-The assassin missions aren’t done well. They are done much better in Syndicate.-Instead of having those little ! above enemy NPCs' heads, would you rather have a ring around the assassin which is terribly implemented? Congrats, you get the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ring.-There are too many citizens running around Paris. They also bug out and get caught in stuff or float around.-Oh yeah, and just like every other Assassin's Creed, the real world future stuff is poorly stitched into the narrative and completely stupid. This real world crap is getting worse and worse with every AC game.DLC REVIEW: Due to the negative feedback after releasing the game in a mess, Ubisoft decided to give everyone the Dead Kings dlc for free! How does it stand?PROS:+Less NPCSMIXED:MehCONS:-It’s the same garbage over and they add a KID to the story! Yes, thought the story was terrible, well here’s a kid who acts like an adult and Arno, the master assassin, takes seriously. Whomever wrote the DLC needs to go back to college.Conclusion: Like AC3, skip Unity."
76561198015302076,Not Recommended,289650,21474995,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,DankPrank_,GTX 770 - Impossible to get 60 fps.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥disgusting Ubisoft.
76561198020170515,Not Recommended,289650,21689537,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Xenful33,"Due to issues with the controls and gameplay in general this game is unplayable. It looks pretty, but when you have to reload a mission 6+ times because you can't get through a door than an NPC is supposed to open for you, it really takes a lot out of the game. Issues with clipping and getting stuck in walls/furninture. Wonky controls that only pretend to understand controller input. I don't recommend this game. If you paid for it, hope you get your money back. If you didn't pay for it, I hope you feel silly for stealing a piece of crap."
,Recommended,289650,12894316,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SwifT_,"I don't recommend this game in it's currrent state (11/11/14)There is absolutely no reason this game should run so poorly.The game stutters on medium while I have an AMD 8350 with a slight OC to 4.4GHz, 2 GTX 770's in SLI, 16 Gigs of RAM, and the game installed on an SSD.Ubisoft yet again, fails to have a good release on an Assassin's Creed game.I will gladly redo this review once the game is in a playable condition.I feel like I should learn my lesson with Ubisoft games and wait 1-2 months before buying a  new game from them.Review redone (2/22/16)The game seems much better after a few tweaks (simply renaming files removes the SLI stutter).  The game still has glitches and bugs but I assume Ubisoft has given up on Unity and moved forth onto Syndicate.Even though the game still has some minor annoyances, the game is finally enjoyable and playable."
76561198002293732,Not Recommended,289650,21675414,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,jalucchi,"Bough during sales, I just couldn't play with that game because of a frame rate bug. I work 10 hours/day, I just don't have any more time to waste in looking for a fix for that bug."
,Recommended,289650,21676059,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,nesquiknibba,"You know... this isn't as bad as I thought. The game is actually fun, especially because of the new co-op mode. This is  the first Assassin's Creed game I've played. Unity has given me a warm, comfy welcome."
,Not Recommended,289650,21772108,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,AlbertSSj,"Don't bother.Paris is amazing, best city since Florence.But the good in the game stops there. And also the city is non very good to play. In black flag and rogue getting the animus shard is mini-challenge. Here is just a way to waste your time and pollute the map.Honestly the fact that the dlc provide a reduced play time (time saver packs, money packs), you are better off just not playing it.Try rogue instead, not visually stunning but balanced gameplay that is never tiresome."
,Recommended,289650,21825012,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Menwulf,"Looks awesome, runs smooth story isnt that great but the game is definitely way better now as back then!"
76561198046334196,Recommended,289650,21811150,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Babadook Canterbury,"I honestly have no idea why people say this game is bad, i absolutely love it. I havent encountered a single bug or glitch and i find the characters interesting and likeable. The multiplayer can be avoided completely for those of you who say the multiplayer is terrible and unneccasary. There are puzzles in the form of riddles (which i googled the answers for with no shame at all) and combat is fast-paced and involving.Is it worth it? Yes. Should i buy this over Syndicate? No but if you finished syndicate and are looking for more AC this is the place."
76561198041952262,Recommended,289650,21878593,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Dude~Nukem,"Okay, so since AC4:BF my expectations were really high and although I have only played AC:Unity for 2 hours, I can say that just as expected Ubisoft delivers again. I can't recommend it enough. The graphics here are setting a new benchmark, this game looks super-amazing, it almost seduces you to play it and love it more and more.PROS:- Engaging Story- Graphics - Paris looks amazing you have to see it to believe it (Check out my screenshots)- Gameplay - Has improved and there is no clunkiness in controls the Parkour system is well balanced and there are no unexpected moves leaving you coldCONS:- None"
76561198281985762,Recommended,289650,21029217,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,19amaguire,wont let me play down loaded game yesterday not working help says allreadyrunning
,Not Recommended,289650,21924499,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ThePoon6,at 34% campaigne with game will stop working. keeps glitching out and not letting me pass one section of a mission. ♥♥♥♥ em.
,Not Recommended,289650,20775079,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Mercy Knight,1/26/2016   never could get game to launch.clicked play on steam.  got keys to show.got uplay software to load... said couldn't connect...no option to just launch the damn game ever showed up.no ability to play the game as cannot even start it.will be asking for refund and this removed from my account
,Not Recommended,289650,20743265,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Zevtraa,this game has alot of bugs that Ubisoft need to bloody fix like ACU.EXE etc.
