user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,289600,9726392,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,andreykl,"Realtime RPG/Strategy with active pause (means, sheduling orders during pause is prefereble), worthy successor for 7.62/Brigade E5Comparation with 7.62 Reload:-better interface and graphics-interesting story line and good voice guidance (note: I played russian version few years ago)-almost no free choises or free battles (linear story line with close to no side missions and fixed order of combats)-most of battles are in large enough, but extremely secluded locations (like buildings and alleys) with seriously limeted resources and huge difference in numbers of participants (you squad is 1-3 men), making combat somewhat different from 7.62 series (you will have to use mines and traps a lot more, rely on one shot kills instead of supressing firepower, element of surprise e t c)-mostly same real time tactical combat system with active pause.-slight changes to detecting system and RPG elementsP.S. Game is old, if there are serious lags, try compatibility mode with XP."
76561198014712638,Recommended,289600,9729079,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,scott,"I gave this the patience it needs, I've found that the game is deeper than it looks, initially for about 20 minutes, I died a lot, once i figured out the combat mechanics, i was double barrel shotgunning enemies in the face, enemies can be fooled, lured and blasted. A scope added to a rifle adds the little scope window like the old delta force games, simple but neat. Overall it reminds me of STALKER, it has the scavenger and survival element. Bullets are currency, reminds me of METRO. I'm only a few hours in and my character is still level 1, but in that short time, i feel as though I'm guiding my vulnerable character through a chernobyl/apocolyptic combination of areas, I'll update this if anything changes, only problem I've had so far is slowdown on the cutscenes, and sometimes enemies slip through doors when your in combat and occasional clipping issues. I'm off back to play it.Updated- Yes, I can fully recommend this game (for the price), it has a similar overall structure to silent storm, it has roughly the same size gameplay areas, and is equally engaging. When you first start, you're like a hobo with a shotgun, running around loads, trying to avoid fire as you're constantly reloading the shotgun, while avoiding knife and axe weilding enemies. It gets a bit chaotic.  Fast forward to level 6 (where I am now) and you will have raided army bases and found military hardware (rifles, smg's,scopes, lasers and suppressors) The professor in the market can upgrade weapon parts),you'll find new comrades to help in the good fight. It reminds me at this point of the old 80's film Red Dawn, as I now have a small guerrilla squad who cause maximum damage using stolen hardware and ambush tactics (mines,grenades and tripwires).The story progresses each time you speak to your wife and rest in your bed, your house (which is in an abandoned appartment building slowly becomes your battle castle, getting more defensive as you play. It is not a game to be rushed, planning is everything. for instance- make sure your inventory is properly managed, it costs more action points to reload your weapon if your magazines are in your backback, than if they were in your vest or pockets, make sure you have filled magazines ready for a reload. I didnt find the micro management a chore, it's a neccessity to winning a firefight, and satisfying when you do.If you do buy this, first thing to do is go into the mouse and keyboard settings and turn the sensitivity up, as its set to zero. it's a good idea to learn all of the quick keys too, I had a problem trying to remap some of them. IMO this game is worth the price and hopefully we'll see more of them on steam."
76561198041649652,Recommended,289600,9755794,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,arkareth,"A fine game from very talented developers. Sadly, they are no longer in gaming industry, for almost five years now.  If you liked this game you should check their other projects - E5 and 7.62. Those games are very flawed, just like this one, but its all from the lack of funding - tactical RPGs are not very popular today. Nonetheless they are still great games, and fantastic experience for fans of JA and XCOM. And gun nuts. Literally, hundreds of firearms.And one more thing i must mention. Translation. Here we are dealing with atrocious, embarrassing, ugly and unholy kind of translation. I am Russian, though i prefer playing western games in English, so my Steam language is English, and due to a bug i am stuck playing this game, again, in English. And it is terrible. This game is based off a book, actually, and very fine one. Dialogues are great, but they are full of idiomas and phrases that are very hard to translate, and since translators were pretty incopetent you are missing a lot.So, if you liked this game i strongly suggest that you read the book it's based off - Berkem Al Atomi's ""The Marauder"". I just hope that it has a decent translation.And excuse me for my English, i know it is terrible."
,Recommended,289600,12675887,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Murikov,"«No one wants to buy me for a handful of cereals! »- Random woman in BazaarMarauder, also known as Man of Prey, is a title which has a very soft spot in my gamer heart. There are some minor bugs, the story cutscenes are constantly freezing on modern systems and some ethical elements in the story indeed leave you behind with a raised eyebrow.But if you've got a thing for turnbased strategy games likeJagged Alliance 2or Marauder's spiritual predecessorsBrigade E5or7,62 High Calibre, then this game is totally for you. Because of its appealing post-apocalyptic setting even fans ofS.T.A.L.K.E.R.or theMetroseries may take a look at this game.The story, based on the same-named novel by Russian writer Berkem al Atomi, keeps you hooked for about 30 hours and is pretty unique. You control Akhmet, a Russian muslim and former army sapper, through the outskirts of a deserted city south of the Ural mountains. After a Russian political approach to NATO and the west, the US Army invades Russia under the pretext of a Peacekeeper Mission. The huge country therefore falls into chaos and soon anarchy spreads out. Akhmet and his lovely wife must now try to survive through this indeed chaotic cluster♥♥♥♥. As the game title already suggests, Akhmet does so in looting and fighting off bandits, stray dogs, corrupt policemen and even foreign soldiers. Interestingly Akhmet is not agood guyin the proper sense. He doesn't really care for the wellbeing of other dwellers or to bring justice all over the city. He only takes care of his family and its survival - whatever the cost. Soon he begins to fortify his apartment block against enemy raids...Like in 7,62 High Calibre you control Akhmet from above and you can pause the game at all times. While the game is paused you can plan your next moves and give Akhmet (and later his companions) commands. Rather than taking away Action Points like in Jagged Alliance 2, all your actions require a certain amount of seconds, which will be counted down as soon as you un-pause the game. This gameplay element, called the Smart Pause Mode, may take a while to get used to it but works perfectly as soon as you progress. Once you also get your proper equipment the combat sequences are a blast - I've seldomly cheered so much while Vitek, our pro sniper in the team, scores another yet perfect headshot from hundreds of yards away. On top of that there is also a fancy skill system and upgradable character parameters. After levelling up you can invest points in better accuracy, stamina, barter skills or whatever comes in handy. The inventory, also similar to the one from the S.T.A.L.K.E.R.  series, is pretty simple and self-explanatory. In the Bazaar, the local city market, you can trade further equipment and even upgrade your weapons. Also note that, similiar to the Metro series, the local main currency in Marauder are 5.45x39mm cartridges, colloquially called «fives».Even if all this suggests that Marauder is an open-world game, it sadly isn't. In fact the game is pretty linear and you move from one section to another while regularly returning to your house and the Bazaar. I wish the developers would had implemented more city sections back then, but even then it's an already quite immersive world.What really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off is that the fancy story cutscenes always freeze on modern systems. This is already a well-known problem and nobody really knows how to fix it. Once again, it's an absolute impudence that the current publisher didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about fixing all these problems before releasing this game on Steam. Furthermore there are a couple of other bugs and sudden crashes, but those are pretty minor or rather quite uncommon from my point of view.Either way, please make sure to do the following steps before playing the game:#1 If you've got a large monitor, adjust your resolutionaccording to this guide.#2 Adjust the poor camera controlsaccording to this guide.#3 Fix the grenade launcher reloading bugaccording to this guide.#4 Please read Tin Tim's fantasticLet's Play Guidewhile playing. There you canwatch all story cutscenes that don't work in the game itself! Furthermore it provides you with excellent hints and not too much spoilers.The Good:+ Quite detailed graphics+ Immersive world and creepy Eastern Bloc atmosphere+ Innovative story+ Awesome combat+ Lots of weapons (unfortunately not many NATO guns)+ Good skill, trade and inventory management+ Loot, loot and even more lootThe Bad:- Pretty linear- Some slowdowns during combat- The final sections of the story are quite unpolished- Those above mentioned bugsThe Ugly:-- Story cutscenes not working on modern systems! Argh!To put it in a nutshell, this game really grows on you if you love turnbased tactical games with lots of guns and a post-apocalyptical setting. It still has its minor flaws, but the rewarding combat system just does it for me. Period.9/10«The Democrats are to blame!»- Random man in Bazaar, philosophizing about the cause of war"
76561198003148672,Recommended,289600,9738339,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Trig_the_Poor_Shot,"TL;DR: Tactical strategy in a postapocalyptic world. Count me in!I enjoyed Jagged Alliance and 7,62 (with the obligatory Blue Sun Mod), as well as all the S.T.A.L.K.E.R.s, Fallouts, etc. So this looked like a good marriage of concepts to me right off the bat. Add to this the unpretentious Russian storytelling, avoiding worn out game clichés and the main character being a cynical bearded man with cool comments and the game turns out really enjoyable. I finished it in just under 50 hours, which was a bit disappointing, as I enjoyed some epic battles there, and the story had potential to expand further...The atmosphere is overall a bit postapoc-gloomy, but not depressing, just well fitting a random NPC's comment ""Why is this country so f**ked up?"" and the music unobtrusively complements it, although one ""heavy metal"" battle track can begin to grate on you a bit. Your character walks around with a leisurely pace (you can speed up, slow down or pause time anytime you like, if the action is too slow or too fast for you), exploring, scavenging anything useful, fighting bandits, looters, corrupt cops, hostile army troops, blowing up stuff, doing quests and following the main story plot as it unfolds.The combat element is quite good, reminiscent of that in 7,62, with the game pausing when enemies are spotted or heard (or whichever way you setup your pausing preferences) or anytime you press SPACE, each action taking a certain amount of time to complete and you nervously checking the timer, will your character reload in time to shoot the bad guy, before he shoots you. Your character's stats play an important role in combat, so make sure you tweak them to your playing style (invest accordingly whether you are gonna be a hidden sniper or a charging commando). Particularly important are hearing and seeing, as your enemies will do their best to flank you and sneak up on you and your life depends on detecting where they are at any given time. I was pleasantly surprised that the AI isn't stupid and does not just blindly advance towards you, but tries to use cover, gets on your flanks to shoot at you when you don't see him, investigates noises and your last known position, etc. Combat can also be quite difficult, particularly when you've got a a nearly empty clip and several enemies advancing on you as they aren't bad shots either. So for some more difficult battles, you will likely die a lot and frequent saving is recommended. But sucessfully winning a difficult battle by employing various tactical tricks and approaches is very satisfying and looting fallen enemies can be quite rewarding too, if a bit too micromanagerial.The camera commands are a bit clunky, but once you get used to turning the view with your right mouse button, zooming in and out with the wheel and moving the view with WSAD (hold shift for faster camera movement), you'll have good spacial awareness and control of the battlefield. One of the more annoying things is that the camera can get stuck indoors when you wanna look outdoors, and you have to ""walk"" it out of a door or window. There are also some other bugs that occur, like some talk or menu text suddenly switching to Russian (when it was English just moments before), your custom assigned keys resetting each time you enter the setup menu and the occasional crash, but I've encountered nothing too frustrating or gamebreaking and could bring the game to a conclusion.Overall, if you enjoy this sort of game, tactical fights, RPG elements and atmosphere and can overlook a few bugs, you probably won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,289600,15674130,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Felipepepe,"Aperion’s previous game, 7.62 High Calibre, was a real-time open world tactical RPG, heavily inspired by the Jagged Alliance series. While rather buggy and with a boring storyline, its complex simulationist combat and highly detailed “gun porn” conquered quite a few devout fans.Marauder, also known as Men of Prey in Europe, is instead a linear, story-driven game, based on a book series by the same name from Russian author Berkem Al Atomi. The game places you in the boots of Akhmetzyanov, a common man trying to survive an alternate-history Russia where the government collapsed, anarchy reigns and the US is invading.Don’t expect a pleasant game. Ahkmet himself is neither a virtuous paragon nor a noble-hearted anti-hero – just a man trying to survive with his wife, at any cost. You will fight militias, rogue cops, raiders and cannibals, but also desperate, starved neighbors trying to take some of your precious food.Marauder’s combat perfectly reinforces its harsh atmosphere. The unique real-time with pause system from High Calibre is still here, if slightly streamlined. Every action takes a set time to be performed, and each has its pros and cons. The shotgun is a sure kill at close range, but it takes 0.42 seconds to ready it, while a pistol-wielding enemy can fire in just 0.08 seconds. You must take that into account in order to survive.While I usually prefer turn-based tactical games, Marauder’s intense and nerve-wrecking battles make great use of the game’s elaborate real-time system.  To add to the challenge, Ahkmet can only see what’s in front of him and must otherwise rely on hearing to guess the enemy’s position. This is further accentuated by the game’s overwhelming odds, pitting you alone against dozens of looters or a full elite military squad with nothing but a rifle, some mines and your wits.The game keeps the extensive and highly detailed armory found in High Calibre, with almost a hundred weapons, and adds a few more RPG mechanics to the formula, such as character creation, a skill tree and lockpicking. You’ll also get up to three companions as the plot advances, allowing for more complex tactics.Sadly, Marauder is extremely linear. Besides the main story, you’ll only be able to visit a bazaar, do a couple of side-quests and have one-line conversation with a handful of NPCs. And the dialogs are all in Russian, with poorly translated English subtitles.Rough, challenging and intense, Marauder is an unique low budget tactical RPG. Its bleak story, harsh setting, high difficulty and complex combat are a sure treat to cold-blooded tactical enthusiasts.PS: I strongly recommend to manually edit the game’s config files. That way you can unlock higher resolutions and better camera controls."
,Recommended,289600,9728268,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,cameron,stalker and jagged alliance had a baby
,Recommended,289600,9740934,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,saltmummy626,"It looks like STALKER, but with slightly worse graphics. It has a bit of the feel of STALKER, but without the mutants, radiation, and anomalies. It doesnt play like STALKER, obviously and the only complaints I have are that the translation needs work, (spelling, grammar, and some sentences that dont make sense) and the cutscenes between sections cant seem to keep up with the dialogue becuase they start to lag badly for some reason which makes you miss a bit of the story. id give it a 7 out of 10. if they release some patches to fix the stuff I said was wrong, id gladly give it a 9.As for story, story is good as far as ive played. not much more to say on story though becuase I havent got that far yet. gameplay is pretty tight once youve got the hang of it. youll definetly get your face pushed in several times when you start out but you quickly get the hang of it."
,Recommended,289600,19450539,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,aTypicalBreakfast,"If you liked the original fallout 1, 2 and tactics and enjoy horrible russian translations as well as a cranky russian protagonist whose only real desire is to be left alone get this game."
,Recommended,289600,9989820,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,🐧 crow,"everyone you meet tries to kill you with a machinegun, and you trade the bullets for a tattered hat or maybe a bottle of water. a very accurate simulation of life in modern russia."
,Recommended,289600,13673140,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Wolf7ech,"For me great tactical strategy game with RPG elements. The game brings you to an alternate history where anarchy and endless strife have become a rule. You will try to survive by looting and fighting your way for new items and supplys. Also you are able to develop your own squad members, which will give you advantage upon your enemies. The battles takes at many different places such as ruins, forests, military bases, underground bunkers and possibilities for tactical play and rich selection of combat situations. Thing that I like the most in the game is huge weapon arsenal and customization from tiny bullet to the mighty scope.For me 9/10"
,Recommended,289600,16938067,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Spur Bevel (Tsundere Matron),"Despite its technical and gameplay flaws, such as the broken default camera settings (easily fixed by turning up sensitivity and move speed), tedious loot-gathering and occasional glitches potentially spoiling the fun, Man of Prey (aka Marauder) offers a captivating, tense, and usually rewarding squad-based strategy experience for those willing to put up with its quirks. The storyline is a neat perspective not seen often by western audiences, the soundtrack sets the tone well, gunplay is satisfying once the player conquers the challenge of the interface itself, with simple but effective RPG elements carrying the game's progression well enough to be invested in your character's builds and weapon loadouts. Considering its modest price, Marauder is definitely worth a play for fans of the genre or people who get enjoyment out of games that lack a certain level of polish but present a distinctive experience for the patient."
76561198012015001,Recommended,289600,14567998,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,nemchenk,"This game is a tough one to recommend -- very frustrating when it goes wrong, but hugely rewarding when it works!  If you've played other games from post-Soviet studios (STALKER, for example), you'll know what I mean...There are a couple of recurring bugs which you must learn to avoid to survive (close-range melee, for example), and the difficulty level can take some getting used to! ;) But, then again, when you do beat that scenario you've been stuck on for 3-4 attempts, victory is so much sweeter!The commuinty-made translation to English is far from perfect, but it works well enough to give you the gist of what is going on. But I must be honest, I preferred to listen to the dialogue in Russian rather than read the (sometimes puzzling) English subititles.In short -- definitely worth playing if you like challenging, tactical squad-level games. But bear in mind the handful of annoying recurring bugs!"
,Not Recommended,289600,9781568,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,AversionFX,"Unless you have an incredible amount of patience, skip this. The game is very unoptimized, and very buggy. It does not play like Jagged Alliance or Silent Storm at all. Apeiron's previous game, 7.62 is much better, and with the Blue Sun mod, is a more complete experience. This game is bad, and if you do not have the patience to slog through it, you will regret it.Avoid."
,Recommended,289600,14972504,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sneaksie(RUS),"This is a hardcore tactics/battle sim/RPG set in postapocalyptic Russia. The graphics can be described as 'functional' by today standards, but attention to detail in graphics and gameplay and is immense. For example, you can see spent casings and MG belt links on the ground after firing a heavy MG. The gameplay is similar to game predecessors 7.62 and Brigade E5, it is pausable real time where 0.15 secs difference between aiming may mean death for a more sloppy character. These games offer the most realistic modern tactical engagement simulation I know.The story of the game is based on a very grim and tragic book with the same title about civil war and chaos, where you can be killed for a can of fish. It's full of  violence, includes famine, slavery and even mentions cannibalism, so I definitely won't recommend this title to kids or teenagers. On the other hand, it makes you play to learn what will happen next and to right the wrongs, much more captivating than a usual game story."
76561198038242856,Recommended,289600,9894692,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,[TBR]SureSight1987,"The game itself is from the original released back in 2009, and now comes with an English translation. The translation itself is not perfect, sometime even laughable with how the lead character portraits himself, but none the less a good story line.Gameplay can be laggy and slow with weapons falling through the ground, or landing in unobtainable places. I've done a Lets Play video on this where I encounter various issues with the camera, which by default is shockingly slow and awkward to huge frame rate loss during combat (though it does slow a little if underfire).The game however is enjoyable. If you like your Jagged Alliance style, pausible combat then there is some enjoyment to be had. The trade system fits with the narrative using 5.45 rounds as currency, rather than money itself.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YTe89M7sFQ&list=PLpobIqXwKarHv_AZ7J7dInyl9r9BA1CnxOverall I still have alot more to explore but for its price, its a worth while"
,Recommended,289600,9773676,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Chantion,"This game is what I hoped it would be. A unqiue RPG-Strategy. It reminds me of fallout tactics with the squad gameplay as well it also reminds me of the Men Of War Inventory system with grids. The story is GREAT in my opinion BUT with a downside with a few bugs: Comic cutscenes lag, Bad guys walk through walls sometimes, Camrea needs to be adjusted at first.Besides that the game is GREAT you do need paitence as there is a learning curb and if you posses it you will have a blast!"
,Recommended,289600,14509755,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Baphomet,"RUSSIA STRONKIn this game you play Akhmet, a super churka imbued with astonding slavic power. The turn based combat is pretty intuitive and lots of interesting things can happen based on whichever strategy you employ. Sadly the game is bogged down by a lot of bugs keeping it from being a ""great"" game and instead just an ""okay"" one. Still, worth playing if you like really morbid stalker/metro 2033 vibes combined with a jagged alliance style gameplay."
,Recommended,289600,9826686,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Nox,"Buggy, badly translated but the gun combat is extremely satisfying.  If you enjoyed Jagged Alliance and those types of games, this game will appeal to you."
76561198005698902,Recommended,289600,29172626,Posted: 10 January,all,moisesjsn,"Amazing game, Great story and MUCH better UI than 7.62 It is not an easy game and the playstyle takes time to. It has annoying issues like Default camera speed being 0! and the camera sucks, but as many other reviews have shown these are easy txt edit fixes.Once you learn how to properly play the game, how to properly ready your weapon so as to shoot the enemy fast and drop them like dogs. It truly takes life. It is not a game that you will pick up and play and  you learn really fast, But if you like 7.62 and you want a good story set in a chaotic world without going overboard (zombies) This game is just for you. Its like 7.62 but with a story line that is Linear, And has not as much freedom. It still is fun i bought it for rougly 2 $ in the christmas sale, So if anything you can wait until the next sale or just spend 10$ it is a fun game. But it has  those default problems, I really hope this company can create another 7.62 or a game like 7.62 with its open world in THIS world, as it would be a GREAT game.Like i said not everyone can enjoy this gameplay but once you master it, you will enjoy it. I also love the story."
,Recommended,289600,20439563,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,GassyTaco,"Is kinda hard to review this game.It gave me some sort of The Last of Us vibe for some reason mid-game, some STALKER vibe thought the game.The game is a tactical game like Jagged Aliance 2, if you played that, is similar to it with a system that uses time instead of action points.Example to rise your weapon it takes around 3 seconds to fully do it, aiming depending on your skill takes from 3 to 1.5 seconds and shooting another full second.When you come into the game you must come with a open mind, the camara is clunky as hell if you dont use some tweaks that are in the community hub, the game could crash on you sometimes but it didnt affect me because i savescumed alot because i feared that would happen.If you look past that, you can find a flawed gem, for 1$ it gave me around 18 hours, headshoting people across the map and see their ragdoll fall never got old."
76561198018580181,Recommended,289600,18355913,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,smudger40k,"This game is actually pretty good, so far it hasnt crashed on me, the combat is hard but that is what attracts me to this game, if you enjoy games like wasteland you will probally enjoy this game as a less fleshed out version but still a lot of fun..8/10"
,Not Recommended,289600,10300407,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,mr.fletcher,"This game is simply too broken to be playable.Controls stop working without any apparent reason and when they work are slow and cludgy. Even looking around the character can take forever. Graphics are pathetic and outdated, it doesn't even work in 16:9."
,Recommended,289600,11232903,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Whiteswart,"It's a highly recommended buy, though with many restrictions and prerequisites. Yeah, game-is-not-for-everyone's-tastes.First, you should really like squad-tactics games like Jagged Alliance, Silent Storm or 7.62 and DON'T BE a graphics freak who wants everything in 16:9 with 60fps. Game's a bit dated, see? And still, it can be successfully compared by gameplay options even with latest tactics games. That slow-paced genre never was too hard about graphics. Physics, mechanics - that's a prime, but high resolutions... meh.Second, be ready for glitches. Game and engine developers now either dead or missing, so there is no help in asking for patches. Although for the most part, game is running okay, except for cutscenes.Third and last is about moral - it's a game where a desperate man doing everything to survive, so if you like playing knights in white armor, that's surely a wrong game. Try ""The Shining Force"", maybe?Now, what's it all about? Well, it's a game based on the book ""Marauder"", bestselling in Russia, which were telling a story about a smooth and easy diplomatic victory of NATO forces. Russia is no more, sold to ""West world"" by some puppets and oligarchs, with ""all included"". Some cities like Moscow and Saint-Petersburg remains almost the same - just to decoy everything else that is going on in the once-a-great-country. And what is going there? Every big force in former state like paramilitary formations, or even some villages coalitions is methodically observed and negated by NATO ""peacemakers"". They called ""mistresses"" there, in sado-mazo sense, meaning they are masters and natives are slaves... Russkies are living in ruins of cities, without energy, fuel, water, food supplies. Anarchy and ""homo homini lupus est"" rule is prior for everyone. Our ""hero"" Ahmed, with the collapse of the state, is off to search for every piece of scrap he can use or sell, marauding and killing for own survival. Oh, grim apocalyptic future! Maybe it's close by already. I mean, look at eastern Ukraine...Anyway, although this game is constructed pretty linear, right along with the book plot, there is a little twist in the end, for which I'm so fond to this game. While in the book a protagonist fled away when his city was about to be ""purified"", in game we have a chance to strike back. To kill a slave in yourself! That's grand, really. Like killing Hitler or defending Alamo on your own.I'm spending all that much space revealing you the story, because it's the ♥♥♥♥♥iest part in the game. Not a story itself, but the way of its telling. Cutscenes are bugged, I don't know anyone who could see it all without glitch. More to that, translation from russian to english were surely made by Promt software, or something like that. Those who answered for translation, should be burned alive, since they were lazy enough to bungle even with a tutorial!Okay, if you were able to read that all and still thinking ""why I should buy it?"", like I said from start - it's a good tactical game, highest evolution of Apeiron engine, knowing by ""Brigade E5"" and ""7.62"" games. Buy it with 75% discount, sell cards - and maybe you will have upper hand at the end of a deal, gaining more than spend.9/10 successful missions. The sapper makes only one mistake.PS: to turn on camera rotation in game fix ""camera sensitiveness"" setting from zero to twenty, at least. And maybe it will be wise to turn on ""windows xp"" compatibility with ""e8.exe"". Peace, people."
76561197979761120,Recommended,289600,11313830,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,XTL5000,"The game does have some problems...it crashes, especially if you save and load a lot, translations have some issues and cutscenes will freeze up.  But if you can overlook these issues and want to enjoy a great tactical game then you will have some fun.  If you have played 7.62 and Jagged Alliance and liked it then you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,289600,28621028,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,yummycake_xian,PROS:-unique gameplay-great interface-overall is goodCONS:-quite laggy-game control is uncomfortable
,Recommended,289600,25835096,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,zumba,Very clunky controls but one of the best combat/strategie/weapon customization combination in any game.Loving it.
,Recommended,289600,11231285,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Sheriff βlatʑ,"Marauder is a surprisingly fun game, it feels like Stalker meets Jagged Alliance, which makes for a great setting. The story so far is decent enough, the combat is excellent, and the graphics are pleasently nice looking.The only real problem with the game is it's a little buggy from time to time, and the translation could've used more time put into it (Honestly, we were lucky to get anything at all). But overall, it's a damn fine game.This is the crowning jewel of Apeiron, I really liked the concepts in their previous games, but couldn't get past the clunky interfaces, buggyness, and general unpolish. Marauder fixes all these problems, and just feels...Good. They really got their♥♥♥♥♥♥together for this game.So yeah, highly recommend it to anyone who's into squad based tactical strategy games."
,Recommended,289600,13382953,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Gink34,"Marauder is a Real time tactics game and the indirect sequel to 7.62 High Caliber.The scenario has you AKhmed surviving in a Post-apocalyptic russia where Nato forces had made deployments before chaos started to spread. You take control of up to 4 characters with numerous pact weapons.This game is hard but often not for the right reasons as camera might get stuck somewhere, you find yourself spazzing through floors or glitching weapons.But for me the satisfying combat, the good russian VA and the interesting story made it worthwhile for me.--------buy it if your tolerance to bugs and bullets that instakill is high,otherwise pass."
,Recommended,289600,10211041,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Booji Boy,"Brilliant game and very underrated and unknown, yes there are a few bugs here and there but nothing major. I'm currently enjoying this game, there should be more squad turn based games like this."
76561198069556989,Recommended,289600,10254774,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Forced_Happiness,"This game has many technical flaws and it's definitely not well-polished, but the tactical gameplay is excellent and the plot is quite engaging although it's hard to follow because the cutscenes are glitchy. The Russian voice actors are quite good although I don't understand much Russian, they have character and combined with the translated dialogue, it creates a good atmosphere. The gameplay is kind of like very limited Fallout 1/2 with 3D graphics. The RPG-system is mostly about combat and this game and it's predecessor from Apeiron are often compared to Jagged Alliance 2 and XCOM. I have played too much of those games so I find the real-time/pause-battle system very refreshing and it's breath-takingly brilliant at best. The progression in the game is very linear and I was hoping it would have sandbox-gameplay with random battles but I guess 7.62: High Calibre is for that as it's almost the same engine. The camera is annoying to control and the game will probably annoy many western gamers who are not used to challenging UI. But this game is all about the combat and it's great. If you've played too much JA2/XCOM-games, then this game could blow your mind for a while as the battle system is more realististic and satisfying. It crashed a couple of times but the quick save works well. My dream game would be a polished, sandbox-style game that would use this combat system with better graphics and western quality UI etc. The plot was too short (could have had more battles with the yankees) and I really hoped there had been some mods available to continue the experience but at least I couldn't find any in English."
,Not Recommended,289600,10011633,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,battleborn371,"This game reminded me ofPlanet Acatrazand Planet Alcatraz 2, which I enjoyed very much at the time they came out. And I hoped this would be something as good. Turns out it's not.The idea and the story are great. The battle mechanics are a challenge and you can be killed by one shot from a Makarov to the head, which is the sort of realism I like, but the number of bugs in this game is just too damn high! Glitching camera, inaccessible buildings... It's like playing a beta-build. It's not quite smooth enough. Let's pray for amiracle and hope, the the devs will do something about them... Although, the game IS 5 years old. Who am I kidding?"
76561198080270239,Recommended,289600,10493451,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,GetOffWelfare,"First off let me say THIS ISN'T LIKE STALKER!!!! S.T.A.L.K.E.R games were my favorite PC games of all times and people comparing this game to S.T.A.L.K.E.R are doing so bc the game's russian developed with russian voice actors and so-on and so-forth. Nothing from the atmosphere, the story, or the gameplay is that of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R games. BUT this game, though not at the level of S.T.A.L.K.E.R is still an awesome game!!! It's a tactical/strategic/survival-ISH game(u don't really need food and water to survive it just helps with health, though not much w/o certain skills)  w/ RPG character building elements (Skills, exp, etc). I""ve played Shadowrun, and 7.62 and i like this one better. PATIENCE IS A MUST to be able to get used to the camera as well as the all around beginning of the game.Is this game fun yes, do i reccomend it to certain players who'll enjoy the mix of rpg, tactics, and strategy HELL YEA!!! BUT this game isn't for younger kids or FPS lovers who want split second constant action and only care about action and fluidity when playing a game. The game has bugs.....bugs that actually kill this game from being amazing tbh such as you'll have a cut screen and the game will crap out... Before anyone says ""that's never  happened to me"" lol it's not my computer it is the game and plenty of people get the same random shutdowns. With that being said for you to play this game you also have the mindset to remember to SAVE OFTEN so that when a crash occurs you aren't SOL having to replay a mission again that maybe you barely won the last time lol.All in all I love it, i think the storys solid and it's kind of like the person who translated the russian to english was using google translate so i find the translations hilarious in what they really mean, but again younger folks or people who want that COD, or GTA level development in a game will find it annoying possibly soooo yup not for ya if that's you. If you purchase this game go into it with an open mind and a patient attitude and you will be loving it if it's really the type of game you're into !!!"
,Recommended,289600,11327814,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,RangerPL,Play as a Russian and do Russian things.Russian/10
76561197971990491,Not Recommended,289600,9808817,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,GaSplat,"Great potential screwed by poor control over camera. The game is intriguing and has fabtastic potential but as an isometric shooter, it is critical to be able to rotate camera angle easily - otherwise you can't see important items. The mechanics for me were tortuous. Right mouse click and move the mouse produced a glacially slow panning and sometimes wouldn't even register (camera angle would not change). I hope they patch to fix this as the game looks like it would be a lot of fun if it were playable."
,Recommended,289600,14034178,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Concrete Galoshes,"91 hours, of a rather difficult game. Just for a flop ending."
76561198054880867,Recommended,289600,11380655,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,yalokin,"This game is pretty hard core.  I died like a million times on NORMAL difficulty.  The game is really good though.  I'm not a big fan of games like Jagged Alliance but this game is worth it.  It is set in Russia after the invasion of U.S.A. and the UN allies.  I don't think I'm far into the game yet, being at 15hrs of gameplay, but the story is really interesting and the overall feel is great.WARNING:  This game has broken cutsecenes, the visual part of the cutscene stops but the audio keeps going, all the stuff is spoken in Russian but they do have subtitles in English.  Despite the cutscenes the game is really good.  One thing is that the story is scripted, so it lacks the RPG element of choosing your own ""destiny"".  Despite this the game is surprisingly well written.If you are a hard core gamer that is looking for a game that represents the old games where they don't hold you by the hand then this game is for you!  If you don't care about graphics too much, then this game is for you!  For the price that it is going at you can't complain.  So you either have it as something different to play or you don't.  I personally enjoy older games more than the new ones that come out.  This game is very unique and I respect that."
,Recommended,289600,12324783,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,unjoined,"If you like this kind of game you will enjoy Marauder!The game itself is amazing, the story is good enough to keep you interested and the gameplay feels good.It's not an easy game, you will die a lot, but it's all about tactics. Give it some time :)Of Course there are minor bugs, It has some camera problems but you can fix it in 1 min. Other than that just a few fps drop in one mission or two and some unfair ""position shoots"". Ah, and the videos will reach almost 0 fps lol, just it esc and watch it on youtube/walkthrough sites, nothing to worry about really..In conclusion, worth the money and you will have here at least 30 hours of entertainment ;)"
,Recommended,289600,13091712,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Busta,"If you dont mind a few bugs this game is well worth its price, just check out the forum for fixes, tips, guides (full cutscenes avalible in tintim's guide)  etc"
76561198120903654,Recommended,289600,11449235,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Livesey,Slaughtered my whole neighbourhood over a can of tuna 10/10
76561198022548818,Recommended,289600,11184066,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,ANC REMEC,"This game is for fans of slow moving, turn based combat, but it's not an easy game to play even on ""easy"".  I spent about 5 hours of real time playing out a gunfight which lasted about 10 minutes of game time.  Most of the time was spent re-loading after getting my head bashed in with a hachet, but I finally eliminated my neighbours and their occupy my apartment movement.  The gameplay pauses constantly (every time you hear or see something), this can be changed but it may seem annoying to some people.  The battles take a really long time to get through because of this.The graphics are amusingly bad.  A shotgun blast makes a man bend over and touch his toes in slow motion, then fly across the hallway and bounce of the wall.  This wasn't meant to be a pretty game, but it winds up being sort of funny because of it.The cut scene video seems to lag behind the voice over for me.  I don't think it's my computer, but it's not really a big deal anyway, the rest of the game plays fine.  All the voices are in Russian with subtitles, with a lot of humour thrown in with the nagging wife dialog.Now all that being said, this is an awesome game.  You need to be patient to play out a long gunfight, it's slow moving and makes for a good game to snack with.  If you liked Fallout Tactics, Jagged Alliance 2, Silent Storm, or Baldur's Gate then you should like Marauder.  It's not a bad buy at regular price, but a great deal when on sale.  Happy I bought it."
76561197979109972,Recommended,289600,9875704,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Ayhak,Didnt expect much when I started this but ended up being a lot of fun with a good story and overall gameplay.
,Recommended,289600,12395921,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Populix,"A good game. It crashes sometimes for reason I can't tell you because the text box is gibberish for me. When it does work it's very fun to play! A linear story, but freedom within the game when you do get to where you're doing the missions for the story. You also have a wife who punches like Mike Tyson. Your characters kind of a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but who wouldn't be if survival was on the line, right?"
,Recommended,289600,12384354,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Rad Shiba,I love scavenging. If you love scavenging and grumpy russians you will love this too.
76561197985182816,Recommended,289600,26073766,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dark_Warrior™,"Awesome game. Same engine and developers like best tactical game i ever played - 7.62 mm.It is a pity that the developer has closed, and we will never see the continuation of this amazing series of games."
76561198000595262,Recommended,289600,12367113,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,zardo,Truly a hard game to master as the constant translation glitches are a pain.The game is excelent at pitched battles and planning.Enjoy and save many times.
76561197978568464,Recommended,289600,11138814,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,JR Giroux,"Marauder (or Man of Prey, as the Internet calls it) is a great, if flawed game. Like Suresight1987 calls it on Youtube, it's like if S.T.A.L.K.E.R and Jagged Alliance had a baby. Sure, the interface isn't great, and the translation is rather poor, but the idea of the game, as well as the general plot, are great. Give it a go if you like tactical games and want something different."
76561198029303564,Recommended,289600,12241225,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,WillieTheWolf,"When you buy this game there's something you should know, it's buggy and feels unfinished. I got the game on a sale, and it's totally worth the $2.49. $10 is on the verge of being too expensive for such an unpolished game. And the translation from Russian is plain horrible. That being said, and if you are able to overlook those facts, it's a really interesting game.You play as Akhmet, this Muslim crazy Russian Unabomber with balls as big as the great USSR, trying to survive as a marauder when the NATO invades Russia.It's based on a book that I haven't read, so the story line is all new to me. So far, the game is challenging for many reasons. It's pretty easy to die, which makes it realistic and fun, and the translation is just horrible.The biggest problem, as mentioned before, is the translation. Because of this, sometimes it's unclear what you are supposed to do. But it's also part of it's charm. You have no clue what are they saying, but the subtitles are ridiculous and laughable. Good Laughable.You are called by many names by other characters, but by far my favorite is ""beard"".""Hey, beard! Entrance ain't free. Gimme a five!""Dealing with the traders is a constant source of laughter:""Are you ill, my friend?""""What the ♥♥♥♥ are you?""""I'm a doctor. Was a surgeon in the hospital before, and doing the same here. Name's Gennady. So what bothers you?""""I'm as strong as an ox. But pills could be useful. You have something for sale?""Akhmet is cocky, but because he can. He's the soviet Muslim Chuck Norris. It feels like they just added the language to make it more bad♥♥♥♥♥ as there is NO REASON to be rude to this poor guy. Other characters use all kinds of profanities as well, just for the sake of it.Afer the missions you go home back to your nagging wife. You are a lethal weapon with a heart of gold. All the killing you do, you do it to provide. That includes killing hobos and starving neighbors if they get on your way.The game plays like many other tactical games, with a pause trigger that brings the game to a halt when an event requires your attention (No active task, enemy spotted, enemy heard, relevant object on your field of view, etc).It has RPG elements, especially in character leveling, where you can choose perks and specializations. There's some dialog options, but that's about it.The AI seems pretty weak. So far I've been able to use doors and let them come to take care of most of them. As long as they don't come in mobs, it's pretty simple to get a slug through their chests. But it's always more fun to go on the hunt with your big iron balls and show them who's boss.The levels are kinda small but they really immerse you in the game world.Overall, worth trying it out...for the right price."
76561198050198037,Recommended,289600,13369933,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ryder,You can gain experience points from beating your wife! 10/10
76561198036081705,Recommended,289600,18236968,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Samz,While not perfect and requires some tinkering to get working (look on the fourms) marauder is a quite interesting and enjoyable game and one of the few were characters speak their native languages (Russians speek Russian and the American soldiers speak English)
76561197993313703,Recommended,289600,9778148,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Defconn001,If you don't mind bad rusian translations this game is worth $10. Turn the mouse and keyboard sensitivity all the way up and change the auto pause features or the game is unplayable.
,Recommended,289600,22758950,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Paxton Fettel MK3,"Another well hidden gem that have ""mixed reviews"" (and no positive score in general).From people who made REAL Jagged Alliance in 3D, pity they closed their studio...This is the best post-apo game in this decade, and best real time with pause combat.When I see ""real time combat (with pause or not)"" I imagine some chaotic combat where numbers fly on the screen and there complete mess.In Apeiron games combat is clean, precise, INTENSE and if you're good at micromanagement - your squad end combat unscratched.Post apocalypse? I would say ""no"", here - we're the witheness of the actual collapse. Something like Mad Max 1.Scavenging is really fun here, even with higlighing objects it take some time and finding hidden stuff is satisfying.Items and containers management is engaging. Take this or that, which bring me more profit?Food is really expensive, for the first time in videogames I noticed this.And I can steal radios from abandoned cars. Neat.Pretty hard but fair - well placed shot can take you and enemy down.And you will be always outnumbered. Outsmart all the raiders!Good luck my friend, you gonna need this in harsh, bleak world."
76561198111539438,Recommended,289600,14408775,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Lord of the Flies,"This was fun!  A little bit glitchy, but still fun. I wonder if there is a market for continuing the story line. It does end a bit suddenly. I would buy it again. I like the weapons - real firearms, good stuff!"
,Recommended,289600,11790641,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,kschang77,"Marauder, aka ""Man of Prey"", can be best described as Jagged Alliance/Frozen Synapse  meets Homefront transplanted to Russia. You play Ahmed, a former Red Army soldier, now retired just trying to eek out a living. The local army have deserted in the face of advancing NATO ""peacekeepers"". As a ""marauder"", Ahmed will be looting the local warehouses, deal with any one who gets in his way, loot any useful items (including clothing, weapons, and other items that can be useful) sell and trade items, and basically survive and perhaps, find a way to get rid of the invaders.At its heart, Marauder is a turn-based tactical combat sim with simultaneous move phases. When not in combat, you may move about the map freely, looking for boxes to open or smash for loot inside (some locked boxes have to be forced). Enemies nearby triggers combat mode, where you plan your move, (kneel/crouch, aim this direction, hasty shot, for example) each of which takes a certain amount of time, and you only have so much in a single turn. Enemies will do the same. And if you manage to see each other, then they will shoot, and so on, based on complex combat formula such as weapon condition, relative movement, luck, and so on.The game is EXTREMELY difficult until you understand the combat mechanics, and how to setup ambushes properly so you take minimal damage (or none) in the combat phases, as well as knowing where the loot are. I think I have died about 15-20 times just in the end of the first mission (where you, with a shotgun and maybe a pistol, encounter three army deserters with pistols)  because I kept getting flanked or not doing the ambush right. But once you do, you felt as if you accomplished something.If you like your tactical games with a challenge, get Marauder (i.e. Man of Prey)."
,Recommended,289600,11213571,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,PAX_DOCTOR,"I loved this game! It adds up very entertaining tactical combat with original micromanagement system plus mature stalker-like setting. This mix formed a great gaming experience I haven't had in years. And I loved the main character being a selfish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, not a filantropic savoiur angel, as is the expected cliché.The combat is challenging in the beginning. You have to get use to the system.(I strongly suggest to turn on HINTS option in the settings as it works like ingame tutorial). You will die from one shot across whole room while you will be more succesful throwing a rock rather than trying to shoot. Few missionst away, you will find yourself as battle-hardened killing machine raiding a military base full of badass gear. Bad idea to♥♥♥♥♥♥this marauder now.Some players are hating the graphics not looking cool and translation being bad. Message to you: This game is 5 years old and it's a miracle it even got released here on steam. The english translation was actually done by some Polish studio years after the game has beem released by different studio in Russia. Due to licencing issues there were no hard copies sold outside of Russia, until this (lucky) Steam release.Yep, it has some flaws - graphics settings like atialiasing don't work, you have to manualy fix the camera(look it up in the forums - it's pretty much worth the effort), and the game occasionaly crashes. BUT the main value lies in the cool combat system and the story with it's really original and entertaining characters and environment."
,Recommended,289600,11184869,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Sex Brobot,"Everything I loved about Brigade E5, but with the bonus of a pretty solid story. The smart pause system is fantastic for tactical shenanigans, and the tons of equipment you can find, modify, and accessorize really makes the inventory management nerd in me happy. The RPG stats and picking ""perks"" when you gain a level is extra icing on this delicious cake for me.The translation is quite good, but has some of the typical weirdness associated with most Russian to English conversions (some of the introductions you make at the bazaar come off as abusive when I think they were shooting for casual). It's also a bit incomplete in places, but nothing that makes the game impossible to play (some NPC floating chats, markings of a few objectives on the map). Melee combat can be a little tricky as well. It's a little iffy if a PC will finish off a downed enemy with a quick boot, or will wiggle his arms around oddly, and getting stun locked is quite easy.The premise is pretty interesting, being a reverse Red Dawn\Post-Apocalyptic setting after a NATO occupation of Russia, where the area outside the major cities are left without government or basic infrastructure. This quickly leads to it being every man for himself, with all the fun that implies. Scavenging for canned food and medical supplies, fighting off warlords throwing their weight around, fortifying a old Soviet style apartment block, and building up a tight knit clan!All in all a game I enjoy the heck out of. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,289600,9864007,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Cthulhu,"Like an old school Jagged Alliance, for those of you who never played the originals. Good gameplay, brutal combat, good ballistics, etc. Fantastic game, well worth the price. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,289600,12318346,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Snowdog,"There is a lot I like about this game, except there are some huge flaws.The speech is in Russia, although the English subtitles are not so good. But that I don't mind too much as it gives charm and can be funny at times.The turn based combat system I like very much, although even on easy the game is rock hard difficult.The characters are ok even if they are a bit flat.So I would have given the game a solid 70% except for one thing. You know when you change viewing angles in a game from low down to high up, and that right in the middle of that range is a spot which is really annoying where you can't see anything properly?Well that is the fixed camera angle for this game. Therefore my score is:24%~ Snowdog"
76561198073406815,Recommended,289600,13412122,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Rockageddon,"***There's a way to unlock the camera, Absolutely unplayable until you do that, took a minute to find it on google.The cut scenes are bugged, So you have to watch them on youtube.***This game actually respects the player, it treats you like an adult and tells you probability of a shot being 80%, but won't hold your hand and tell you ""but you have to stand to shoot out of a window."". It also won't tell you ""you can throw that gernade at a 90% accuracy chance, but it will most likely roll past him and down the stairs."".Once you get used to the Respect (or realistic) engine  that it has, you'll gain an appreciation for the way the game treats you. Bugs people complain about (save what i started with in this review***) are just user error.The game Is great. Hard? No, this game is brutal.Bullets actually hurt you, and you cannot heal away the pain by ducking for a few seconds. Some shots are grazing wounds, some are full frontal leading to a broken weapon and shock for 4 rounds, you think it's over when you're down? Nope! His friend is going to come over and put a magazine in you for good measure. If they're really good, headshots that lead to instant death.Fear not! For you have guns too, best way to play is to roll you main character as EOD/tech/ heavy build. I say this because this is the most satisfying build.-Repairing weaponsNot so much for ware and tear, but the moments your favorites actually get shot, you somehow make it through and need to fix them.And Heavy/EOD-One of the few games I actually got to set up proper traps and ambushes, with a variety of landmines, and supressive flanking.(I call him the main character, because I dhon't remember his name, havn't played in a while. I'm only writing this because i saw the game at mixed in reviews and saw this as injustice.)Not for the faint of heart or lacking of patience, it is brutal, and crushing. One wrong move and party wipe.Your tactical ability will be challenged to the level of final fantasy tactics and early fallout titles with this gem.Honestly I cannot remember being so tactically challenged since F.F. Tactics in 1998.10/10 You're a man now."
,Recommended,289600,14764592,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Stellar,"Even game is full of bugs and some translation from Russian to English is made by a drunken monkey I did love this game, in a spirit of Jagged Alliance, Silent Storm, 7,62 High Calibre, this one is a must in your library if you into a scene."
,Not Recommended,289600,27402811,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,General Runtime,Interface is bad and the game engine slows to a crawl when there are more than a few enemies. Cut scenes don't work properly and there are lots of spelling mistakes.
76561198021115509,Not Recommended,289600,11204818,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Ebola_Chimp,Cam movment lets the game down
76561198086485519,Recommended,289600,9735377,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,TheH1ttman,"Now that I am not experiencing crashes before the start menu, I must say, I really enjoy the storyline. I am not far in, but this looks very promising."
,Not Recommended,289600,26296787,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Argbrontsterop,"It's a shame that such game with high potential is so buggy and unergonomic. Not many games there are that are Real-Time tactical strategy. Dear developers, why don't you just fix this great game?And what the hell is this? First Battle after tutorial! Ahmed points the barrels of his Izh at a doorway. There's a soldier out there. He appears in the doorway with his PM y his side. It's time to shoot. Ahmed starts the countdown to aim... Aim?? Why do you have to aim, you're already pointing you gun at the doorway. Soldier shoots from hip in the head of Ahmed. PM always better than Izh10 dead Ahmeds out of 10"
,Recommended,289600,11153792,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Oberst Schulz,This game is really cool :D
76561198049140757,Recommended,289600,13589234,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,☜☆☞Wolin☜☆☞,Good game.A little buggy but ...story is good.im sure that i will play it again :)
76561197971499663,Recommended,289600,25346900,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ex-PFC Wintergreen,"Hardcore tactics game - not recommended for players looking for a more casual experience (e.g. the newer XCOM games). Micromanagement of units is heavy, down to posture and walking speed, but the game is a real-time with pause for giving orders one, so it is manageable.This game shares its engine with 7.62 High Caliber; if you haven't played that game before, I'll just say that it's like the Silent Storm games but slightly more complex on one side but the environments aren't as destructable as in Silent Storm.The story, as far as I could grasp it (from what I played plus some let's plays and what little I read about the novel) is set on an alternate 1990s where the USSR splits and falls into absolute chaos (as opposed to the partial chaos that happened there in the 90s) and a multinational force (led by the US) steps in as peacekeepers but ultimately stay as occupants. The protagonist is a guy trying to hoard supplies and survive, and you make a few pals along the way and fortify your apartment block.Pros:-A believable story about societal collapse where you don't try to save the world - just you, your family and friends.-Hardcore tactics! Luck doesn't matter as much as proper tactics.-You get to learn a bit of Russian, since it's got Russian voiceovers w/English subtitles. Beware that some of the swearing is minced (e.g., ""Blin!"" instead of ""♥♥♥♥♥!"").-Graphics are nice for its time and scope.Cons:-Camera angles can be a bit of a pain at times, especially when you walk into buildings (moreso in multi-storey buildings).-Controls are a bit complex - if you only play every now and then, you may want to revisit the tutorial (which is rather lengthy and deadlier than usual as far as tutorials go)."
,Not Recommended,289600,33874590,Posted: 29 July,all,Baker,the controls suck dont buy this garbage
76561197993362941,Not Recommended,289600,12404109,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,bjonk3,Quite a short game with many cool features but way to many bugs and slowdown issues to really be enjoyable. Especially the cutscenes where slow for me at least and just made you frustrated so I skipped them.
76561198060832387,Recommended,289600,15299873,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,OutOfFlames,yarar
76561198096246382,Not Recommended,289600,17018095,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,afi_cht,The concept is good but the control is bad.
,Recommended,289600,15130026,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,A Freaking_Box?,needs more engrish...
76561198150351452,Not Recommended,289600,23474614,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,sakowski.finanse,"The user interface makes this game unplayable. Content looks great, but what of it, if you can't play the game?"
,Not Recommended,289600,23163329,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Zed2100,"Good game, it is deep and complex, but has a horrendous user interface. I got tired after a few minutes of play. I keep comparing this game's user interface and general feel to xcom enemy unknown's, xcom is way better in this regard. However, this game is so much more complex than xcom, like High Calibre, the combat mechanics are amazing, there is a lot of realism in the way bullets and magazines are handled. I only recommend this game to people who have the patience to endure a poorly designed user interface, for me it is a deal breaker."
76561198064710794,Recommended,289600,12452534,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Swaghetti Prime,i liked it but you should be careful in the beginning YOU WILL DIE QUACLY if you don't mind that a can remember to save before you take a gamble its a fun game
,Not Recommended,289600,16875323,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Peltz,Unfortunately Ahmed is a complete f*****g retard who does the most ridiculous things at the very worst of times resulting in constant reloading. Enemies clip back and forth causing Ahmet to shoot into random blocking objects. If you have SM tendencies then do buy this game.
76561198003233840,Not Recommended,289600,14333621,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,GG Alien,"All of us have 'that game' we're not proud of - to own on our Steam library. This game is one of them for me.Marauder plays like a total nightmare. It's buggy, clunky and downright frustrating due to the game's mechanics/imbalances, poorly designed user interface and controls. The immersion is simply not there due to the unforgivable issues I had encountered. 5 minutes into the game and I had run into an unsynchronized (frozen) cutscene and a buggy tutorial I had to skip.I can't think of a single redeeming point about this game; aside the fact that this was based on a book by 'Berkem al Atomi' which has an interesting and atmospheric rich story but this is not good enough to warrant a purchase.Avoid this game at all cost! Even at a discount. This was not an enjoyable experience for me. I even struggled to get the required amount of playtime for card drops (so that I can get some of my money back)."
76561197972483399,Not Recommended,289600,11742663,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Hamburger!,"This game is a wet turd. Interface is broken, and in places incomplete. If the game wasn't actually broken, this could have been brilliant -- a game in the vein of silent storm and the original Xcoms. Indeed, that's obviously what this game wanted to be. But now it's just another sack of poop kicked out of the door so poor sods like me end up buying it because we assume for a game to show up on steam it's got to at least be playable. Shame on you, you starving bunch of ticks. Go suck somebody else's blood."
76561198036284908,Not Recommended,289600,12282775,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Trihnicus,"I find myself unable to appreciate anything this game has to offer because the controls are simply that bad. Taking the clunkiness of a turn based strategy game and then making it real time did not feel like a good decision to me. The auto-pause feature is infuriating and severly glitchy but playing without it is a bad idea. It is clear that a lot of decisions were made to embrace realism, but they wound up making the combat feel surreal and unenjoyable."
,Recommended,289600,15202349,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Gaming Tour,"One of my all time fav games. It's based on a cult book by a certain Berkem Al Atomi, whom edgy nonbуdlo Russians love to mock. But i loved the book and i love this game! I wish they made more original vidyas like Marauder, Metro, STALKER - based in [post]Soviet locale, the atmosphere, culture, ethos... i can't get enough of it!P.S.But make original games, not obligatory generic unimaginative derivative sequels like Call of Pripyat and Clear Skies."
76561197972940535,Not Recommended,289600,11212068,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Blackthorne,"When one finds that you can't shift view no matter what you try to fix the thing, among the other bugs... sorry fans, this had a lot of potential but the game issues are driving me nuts. 2/10, and the 2 are for the storyline concept."
,Not Recommended,289600,32073610,Posted: 30 May,all,満貫,"Fug it. At first I wrote a sarcastic and mildly humorous review, but realized that it might confuse some who read it.The game is not worth its price as its a lackluster with no replayability value. To sum up the game in one long sentence: ""Its a really buggy, visually dated and barely playable tactical action game with a really short campaign, midly humorous eastern european scripting, inventory micromanagement, occasional crashes and a heavy emphasis on save-load mechanics"" or ""Akhmed and his buddies getting 360noscopedandnoclipped from the hip by shadowdancers."" I don't know if its 1C/Aperion/Whoever or if the russian standard for games is lower compared to the rest of the world, but somehow the games get buggier and buggier even though they pretty much use the same engine. This is the sequence:Brigade E5: New Jagged Union (buggy, but playable)7.62mm (buggy, but playable with community patches)Men of Prey (Marauder) (buggy, almost unplayable without altering the configuration files, glitches, etc).THE EPIC:* Ragdoll Physics (you rarely see people somersaulting straight up in the air following it up with mind bending contortion routine after getting shot once in the face with a 9mm pistol, seriously, this is some next level stuff).THE GOOD:* I like tactical action games.* Ability to modify the weapons (adding silencers and stuff, even though they didnt matter at all).* Ability to shoot people in specific body parts (though its far from Fallout Tactics complexity, where you blinded and crippled), shooting people anywhere will just stun them anyway and you keep shooting at them until they stop being alive.* Defending your safehouse on few occasions.* Nostalgia (played this game when I was young and impressionable).THE BAD:* Buggy, Lag & Crashes.* Clunky Controls (this comes from a guy who is content about Dwarf Fortress controls).* Short (you basically do few missions, loot♥♥♥♥♥♥ sell♥♥♥♥♥♥and repeat few times, once the game starts getting interesting its over after few missions).* AI is beyond handicapped. (dudes run around randomly, you have to set your dudes to fire at them every time you lose sight with any dude that is aiming which is tedious af, AI noclips through stuff).* Tedious (gameplay and the high frequency of save-load required when the protagonist randomly gets 360noscopedwithapistolfromthehipat50meterseventhougheverybodylookedatthatdirectionandsawnoenemies).I got the game from a bundle, but had played it before and knew what it was about.Spoiler:https://www.gamefaqs.com/pc/781524-man-of-prey/faqs/72394Lets Play, So You Wouldnt Have To:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpobIqXwKarHv_AZ7J7dInyl9r9BA1Cnx"
76561198119946002,Not Recommended,289600,12282000,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Nazher,"Bought the game with high hopes for some fun gameplay, but after trying it out, I might just say it was a waste.First off, the startup intro seem to get some sort of hickup and freezes, though you can press ""ESC"" and move on to the next cinematic that freezes, then when you start the game there's a cinematic but it also abruptly freezes after 1 sec but can also be bypassed as with the startup with ""ESC"" key.Second, I had to ""hack"" an .INI file and max out the camera sensitivity to get the camera to work properly, I also noticed that the game has no sound effects (although i heard something when i reloaded my rifle but that's about it).The gameplay seemed promising at first, but the smart pause was kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the enemy NPCs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and when i manage to get myself killed by gunfire, my character was thrown 6 feet straight up in the air just to slowly fall back down, made me laugh as I quit the game though.Other than that, the voice acting is in russian but it has mediocre subtitles so it's playable.Oh well that's it for me here, off to play something else..."
76561197983420824,Not Recommended,289600,20795668,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Cel.Barbosa,"NO, JUST, NO. Very disapointed with this game. Great idea, poor execution."
,Not Recommended,289600,20301206,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,pedroDrock,S***** game.Don't Buy it.
76561198024625110,Not Recommended,289600,12284284,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sully,"Its really buggy/glitchty on top of the fact that its sooo clunky, not worth the money even on sale."
76561198091346047,Not Recommended,289600,22351176,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,gaidexviller,It is broken.
76561198122256612,Not Recommended,289600,12290639,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,[LTR]Mr.Glenn,"story is too short,i past all in just 2hours.its could be better if story is longer.but idont think it worth 9.99$"
,Not Recommended,289600,12229952,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,mateosanchez,Buggy buggy buggy!
76561198138889323,Not Recommended,289600,17041503,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Prodigy Shard,"This game has a really good concept as many say, despite getting this for $3 on sale, it's still really anoying, for example, i completed what i had to do for a misiion and the next markere of where im supossed to go doesn't show up, thus leaving me there doing nothing and nothing to fix it, if you can dodge this, your lucky, btw, i'm at the part where you kill valek and your supposed to go to your apartment from the freeway, it's not showing up, plz halp"
,Not Recommended,289600,11184936,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,socks,♥♥♥♥♥♥game for♥♥♥♥♥♥gamers.
,Not Recommended,289600,11214713,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,m0s,WorstGameplayEVER
76561197988927906,Not Recommended,289600,11140711,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,BloodPanda,"There is a good game in there but the bulky movement and actions seem to detract from the enjoyability of the game. The camera movement and angles suck...terribly. Someone over complicated the movement and combat where it should just be a simple WASD movement followed up with a point and click firing/attack format they decided to make the entire game pause whenever anything happens so that you can pick whether to move forward or fire your gun. Every time I finish one action the game pauses again and again and again.There will be some people who find this style acceptable but to me it is extremely bulky and grossly over complicated and detracts from the game in a big way.I want to recommend it because the concept is solid but the controls alone make this a giant thumbs down...better off breaking your fingers, it would feel better than trying to use these controls."
,Not Recommended,289600,11581343,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,"Pvt. Ryan, James",Controls are clunky. Painful to spend a decent amount of time on.
,Not Recommended,289600,11479721,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,beezarandy,"Thank god this was only £6.99 when i bought it, the mouse keeps freezing right in the middle of combat, the controls, when they work, are clunky at best, just save yourself the money and DONT buy this."
,Recommended,289600,17451222,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,John Mirra,DNR Simulator 2009
76561198051955563,Not Recommended,289600,12211537,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lightripper,"It's controls are weird, the combat is horrible and I already hate the game only in the start of the 3rd mission."
,Not Recommended,289600,19154688,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jimmy Jazz,"I really want to like this game so, so bad but I cannot in any way reccomend you buying this game because it is painfully difficult to play (and I don't mean it's a hard game).  The difficulty to interact with the game truely makes it not worth it after a short period of time.Marauder, aka Man of Prey is a game that does not respect you or your time as much as it should."
76561198023510897,Not Recommended,289600,13532847,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,angry waffle,THIS GAME HAs the worst most clunky  hard to move camra i have ever seen in most any game i have played controls  and combat very hard  cuz of♥♥♥♥♥♥response times and  than theirs the laggy intro  this game looks just from the stroy and kind of gameplay like if done right it may have made a really great game but the camra controls combined with  all the bugs  im sorry but this game isnt worth  5$ its almost like they where trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥off people the that♥♥♥♥♥♥camra and clunky controls and♥♥♥♥♥♥combat
,Not Recommended,289600,12239431,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,BlastedChutoy,"Horrible game, every 3-5 seconds it does that pause-thing whiceh, I guess if the enemies were easy to find it'd be useful, but no. Your characters actions are so slow, I got shot twice before I even fired and still only did about 6 damage. I don't recommend this game at all."
76561198011303206,Not Recommended,289600,11841300,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Hohenheim,This games made from Russians to hack your computer!♥♥♥♥♥♥has never let me close it and took over my steam made a file under its marauder image in my system32 that was running♥♥♥♥♥♥thats scanned my PC.
,Not Recommended,289600,11207630,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,B-Bounce,worst game ive ever played. dont buy!no further comment0/10
,Not Recommended,289600,23747591,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Scotty,"Had high hopes of playing this awesome-plotted gameHorrible start-upFrame-rate dropped to 5 on my Alienware PC (3.4ghz)Doesn't even teach the controls right.So much typos.End up can't moving the camera...0/10 - Horrible, just♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198035202032,Not Recommended,289600,12213339,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,AutoOnyx,Initial impression ... blech.Maybe it gets better.
,Not Recommended,289600,17883612,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,ok so this game feels ancient - now I don't mind older feeling games I actually enjoy them most times but this game doesn't look ancient it just works like it is - the game laags even on a high end machine the cut scenes which are just pictures with someone talking with english subtitles actually froze on me 3 times - the tutorial told me to hold my right mouse button and move it back and forth to tilt the screen didn't work unless I hold the button a good sec before trying then when it worked the tutorial did not register my movement and had to skip it - I litterly lost intrest to this game within 12 mins of turning it onfinal verdict I paid 2.99$ for this game - and even at that price I wouldn't buy it again
76561198067071974,Not Recommended,289600,10169876,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,X-BigDukeSix,sucks
76561198063059690,Not Recommended,289600,24565842,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,darkkonz88,WHY WHY IS THERE MORE POSITIVE THAN NEGATIVETHIS GAME HAS CONTROLS THAT DONT ♥♥♥♥ING WORKYOU DONT EVEN MOVE THE BLOODY CAMARA  THE POSITIVES IS ♥♥♥♥ING STUPIDTHIS GAME IS CANCER  EVERY THING  ♥♥♥♥ED UP IN THIS WORLD IS THE SAME ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T AS THISSAVE YAR MONEY GET SOMETHING BETTER
76561198067403482,Not Recommended,289600,9822125,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,jakanddaxter1999,THIS GAME SUCKS I TAKE BACK EVERY THING I SAID ABOUT CHANGED FROM 7/10 TO 3/10THIS GAME SUCKS EITHER YOUR OP AS HELL OR YOUR ENEMY IS TO OP TO KILL THEM MISSIONS ARE BUGGED CAMOFALGE DOSEINT MATTER NO WAY OF CHANGEING THE VOICEOVER TO ENGLISH WITCH IS FINE JUST IT WOULD BE IF IT WASNT FOR THE CUTSCENES BEING BROKEN LIKE HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ AM I GOING TO DO A LETS PLAY ON A BROKEN GAME WERE YOU CANT LEARN THE LORE ALSO THE TRALER LIES TO YOU IN MANY WAYS FIRST OFF IVE NEVR HAVE TO EAT FOOD YOU CANT GET A TEAM AND THERE NO WAY OF CREATHING YOUR GUY THE WAY YOU WANT HIM TO LOOK AND BE ALSO YOU CAN HAVE YOUR GRPIC AT HIGH AND THAT WONT DO♥♥♥♥♥♥LOOK THE SAME AND BORING CONTROLS ARE TERRABLE AND THE CAMRA ♥♥♥♥S WITH YOU AT EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING TURN GET YOU KILLED YOUR GUY SOMETIME WANT TO WALK TOWARD A GUY WITH A SHOTGUN AND WANTS TO LOOK AWAY FROM PEOPLE WHO ARE HITTING YOU WITH WEAPONS HYAS A STORY THAT MAKE NO SENCE BECAUSE YOU CANT ♥♥♥♥ING READ THE SUBTITLES FAST YOUR THE CUTSECENE IS BROKEN NOW  I WILL GLADLY TAKE A COUPLE OF UPDATES THAT CAN FIX THIS GAME AND ILL SEE IF IT WORKS BETTER ON MY HD COMPUTER RATHER THEN THE ONE IM USEING RIGHT NOWE FOR UPLOADING♥♥♥♥♥
76561198105383037,Not Recommended,289600,29858388,Posted: 11 February,all,ghost-wind1975,This game is absolutely terrible. Thanx steam for garbage.
,Not Recommended,289600,11124026,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Rex,Worst game ive ever played.
76561198059545570,Not Recommended,289600,29968066,Posted: 16 February,all,Frukt,Who ever made this game is a complete idiot. Pathetic game with pathetic mechanics. How is it even allowed to be sold in steam. ♥♥♥♥ u
,Recommended,289600,25165885,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,terrydactyl,"I've put around 11 hours into Marauder (or Man of Prey as its also known as) and I think I've got a good enough impression to make a short review. I'm personally a fan of the Stalker series so this for me was great, it has a similar setting and feel but based around an invading army and looting.I originally bought this a year ago while it was on sale for a pound or so, its quite rough around the edges and the controls are quite hard to get used to. Its not as polished as something like Xcom or Space Hulk, but has similar gameplay. The translation isn't great but does the job, the gameplay pauses every time you hear footsteps or fire a shot but you can decide in the options how much is automatically pauses. If you catch this on sale and like a slow paced, stratergy type, definitely pick it up."
76561198346928280,Recommended,289600,33430743,Posted: 10 July,all,horselakehideaway,buy this game on sale for the art. The art and picture into another world on this planet in this time is incredible.  I am an artist and the art in this game was extremely hard to do. I toast the game makers even if there is still a lot of things that need to be worked out.
76561198028033871,Recommended,289600,34474191,Posted: 24 August,all,First Mate Buddy,"Honestly, this game is good. if you can learn how to play it.Those people who wrote negative reviews are HONESTLY just fu**ing Ret**ded"
76561198063300799,Recommended,289600,35252155,Posted: 27 September,all,ChaseP.Perry,"This game is wonderful, and there is a lot of things that kept me coming back and playing it.Pros:> Semi-gun porn (attachments and ammo variants)> Squad based (Possible to Lone Wolf)> Witty dialogue> Great atmosphere> Decent Story> Cool gun mechanics> Pauseing system> Many different ways to play in terms of tactics and loadouts> Shotguns that use buckshot have a realistic range (quite effective against non-armored enemies)> Grenades are legit threat> Semi smart AICons:> Muddy graphics> Semi smart AI> Pause system is annoying unless you go to settings and adjust it> Can be buggy> Quests are often ill-explained in journal (so pay attention!)> Small pool of firearms (Mainly limited to Warsaw Pact firearms, and mainly the popular ones)> There are three levels that are annoyingly hard> Steep learning curveAll in all, its a good game for $9.99. If you enjoy real-time tactical games like Jagged Alliance then this game is for you. Take some time and explore the game's mechanics. I discovered that you could click and drag to make a ""field of suppression"" with fully-auto guns. Heck, unlike Jagged Alliance where fully auto guns fire in bursts, you can make your guy empty his ENTIRE mag into something (pray he doesnt miss). Its a game to adapt to, yes, but it sure is fun!"
,Not Recommended,289600,35041353,Posted: 18 September,all,Verdantil,"Tags: TacticalAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from Library (3.8 Gigs)TLDR: Broken camera controls. Intro cutscene froze while the audio kept playing. Engine queues all inputs and impements them with a delay, often causing huge clusterflocks. Game's process stays open in background after exiting game.Original voice acting with subtitles was very nice, the russian voice acting sounded badass and fit pretty well with the dopey in-game models. Problem is the engine has a ton of issues. I cant rotate the camera. Using keyboard to just pan the camera around is choppy and stops responding almost immediately. Inching the camera forward to the first enemy I tested the combat. It constantly auto-pauses. There is not much you can do but get in range and click to shoot. The game would sort of put all inputs in an invisible queue and when trying to interact (e.g. change weapons) I could queue up a dozen commands and I would see my character then spaz out and change weapons a dozen times... I dont think the engine is up to the task to provide a clean and tactical game... Its a shame too because the minimap was well detailed and the game had some character with the story and setting, characters seemed somewhat believable but those are not enough on their own to save the experience."
