user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198038619500,Recommended,289950,13272046,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Strudders2112,"Don't normally write reviews, however.As a sight impaired PC user, games have to be pretty easy to use. ie no minute details, simple uncomplicated game play and engaging.Yes this games has bugs, the graphic FPS needs looking at and the physics are on the odd side to say the least.However, for me, it's engaging and fun.It fulfills lots of the things I will never be able to do as I am disabled.I will never be know the joy of what it is like to operate a tower crane or an excavator for the fear of death on a moassive scale.I will also never be allowed to drive a lorry at break neck speed, through a city, fully loaded with the earth I have just loaded. Lets face it, It would be silly to even let me near one, let alone ask me to transport big sets of football stadium flood lights....So yeah, I rate this game, it has issues that are being ironed out, it's engaging and fun.If you like that sort of thing....Which I do...fricking lorry's, excavators n concrete mixers! Whats not to like....."
76561198044476137,Recommended,289950,19424356,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Chacal,"As I'm writing this, I've played this game 700 hours and I've enjoyed every minute of it.It's hard to think of a better value for the money. No game is perfect, but this one has just the right recipe for me.In addition, a year after release the devs are still very attentive, cranking out updates, bug fixes and DLC. They have also released editing tools and tutorial videos for the modding community.I've seen negative reviews written by people who played only a few hours, were stumped by some problem outside the game (computer or network problems, most often game controller problems) and had no patience to try to make it work for them. I use two full-size joysticks, a steering wheel and pedals, with no problem whatsoever. All these devices are 10 years old and my computer is 6 years old.I've also seen complaints by people with unrealistic expectations. While CS2015 is not a perfect technical simulator (what do you expect, it is based on the Unity engine), it is realistic enough that it WILL help you with real-life operation. For example, I sometimes use excavators in real life, and playing this game with two full-size joysticks helps me maintain and improve my dexterity. Also, it is not focused on simulating a single machine, but rather a broad range of them.But simulation is not the core of this game. Having fun building, driving, operating machines is what it's about, especially in multi-player sessions, which are where the game shines. Some players have complained that there is too much driving, too much delivery. These people obviously have never observed a real-life construction site. It's all about delivering materials when needed and setting them in place with machines. That is what the game does. Running around hammering nails would make a very boring game."
76561198030816991,Recommended,289950,13094519,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,EivlEvo,"Ok... so since this game is getting mixed reviews, and MOST of the gameplay vids I could find were all some variation of the same job/mission/equipment, I thought I'd throw a writeup together that could actually offer some fresh insights.What is this game?The gameplay is mostly doing actual construction. By that I mean, you essentially take various vehicles (flatbeds, dump trucks, cement mixers etc) and drive them from the job site, to the necessary materials dealer. There you purchase the materials, load up with a forklift, or some other medium, and transport them back to the job site. At the job site, you will perform a specific task, that can be tedious/dull/etc. OR, it can be exactly what you're hoping it will be. Allow me to elaborate.With the mini excavator for example. You're often assigned a task of digging a small trench. As you may expect... this takes time. It's quite repetitive, but it is in fact digging, which is a component of construction, and frankly... a feature that many of you should be interested in playing this game.I've also used extensively the larger flatbed truck with the crane attached to it. This vehicle I find a little annoying, because the darn health and safety rubes have had their way, and I'm unable to reposition it without completely retracting the boom, and stowing it.What about the many complaints?Well... I think the physics are quite alright. Certainly not perfect, but then again... I don't think the physics in Kerbal Space Program, Euro Truck Simulator, or Microsoft Flight Sim are perfect either. BUT... this game is still VERY playable with the current setup. I would'nt even think to consider the physics to be ""game breaking"".Other people have complained of game crashing bugs or glitches. I haven't encountered a single one. I thought my game had crashed once, but it was actually my laptop going into hibernate because I had exhausted the battery playing this game.Also the controls. I'm not entirely sure what people expect here? I'm also not sure what the issue is? I play this game just fine using the keyboard and mouse... INCLUDING some of the more complex equipment. I'm not certain a controller would make it easier either. Fact. Excavators have MANY controls. They have to bind them somewhere on a PC... and while the learning curve may be present, it certainly isn't steep. Controls are a non-factor here. Simple as that.So then... should you BUY this game?If you're looking for a game where you can drive some abstract trucks that have a LOT of extra gizmo type functionality (crane parts, dumpers, stabilizers, etc)... and you don't mind doing the leg work involved in ACTUAL construction, with some stages of digging, dumping, pouring, craning added in... then yes. This game is solid. 8/10.If you're looking for something with a little more hands on, and less transporting... then no. Leave it be.THE BEST WAY I CAN DESCRIBE THIS GAME IS!It's like Euro Truck Simulator, with slightly different physics, and the added task of doing the work at the delivery sites, rather than simply delivering. It adds that extra little bit. A great starting point to build off of. But not perfect.Overall, 7/10. If you're a sim nerd, or a construction fan... bump it to 8/10. If you're looking for ETS... I won't drop any points, but just go play ETS."
76561198010525794,Recommended,289950,16020305,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,mojo_stevo,"Good game but here are some thoughts...First off, I'm a big heavy equipment fan. I've been around tractors since I was 3, everybody in my family was in construction at some point or another, it's in my blood. So when I saw there was another heavy equipment sim out, I decided to try it, and approached it with an eager, open mind.My only other experience with construction sims is with Demolition Company; that was a fun game, but it left you wanting more freedom and construction activities. this game offers just that.Bugs:I don't think this game is as bug ridden as people say it is, you've just really got to pay attention to the details. For example: One user wrote he was upset because he was unable to exceed 10KPM in the tipper. I ran into this same issue, then I realized I didn't secure my load and retract the booms all the way. Once I did, I accelerated to much higher speeds.Physics:If you've ever operated a real machine, or simply a hand shovel, the digging physics in this game are going to annoy you at first. The excavator physics (once I finally set the joystick functions to CAT/standard US) I was soon annoyed by how unrealistic the digging is. Then I realized how the game thinks you should dig (you'll learn, lol) and it was smooth sailing from there. Digging seems to be the hardest physic to animate and develop for a game, hence the reason this is as far as it's come so far.I just barely finished the tutorial but, so far, I like the game despite it's quirks. Still, I'm glad on only spend the 60% off sale price on it.Be patient, I have a feeling things will only get better with these construction simulators. More machines and better physics are inevitable. Just look how far other simulation games have come. Flight Simulator 2000 anybody?"
,Recommended,289950,13000135,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Urfaultgame,"After playing for an hour I have only completed the first job/tutorial. It is a pretty decent game but not for $26 even on sale. Keeping in mind that this is still a new game, I feel that there is a lot of work to be done to improve this game. The controls, like any other game, take time to get used to, that's just a given. Overall, not a bad game and it is easy to get hooked so with that said I do recommend this game but I would suggest waiting for the price to go down unless you just can't wait to try it out."
,Recommended,289950,16037133,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Sharidan,"I rarely ever write reviews because of the shear amount of reviews but here goes.TL;DR;If you can live with a few fun glitches, this game is tons of fun.Don't do TL;DR - you miss out on life and valuable details!The long version:When I first got this game I decided to ignore the ""Mixed"" review status of the game. I've played tons of early access and alpha / beta games, so bugs and glitches don't mean a whole lot to me. Often they can add a bit of unintended fun to the game and maybe even a few laughs like the flying, hovering, bouncing and wall climbing AI cars in this game - something that seems to have been fixed with the latest updates (sad face: no more fun flying cars).If anything, I would say that the guys behind this game have gone that extra mile to come up with a very decent way of presenting menus and interaction with the game components. Community suggestions for improving the game UI have been added into the game time and again, just like community feedback on glitches and bugs have been fixed.Lately a number of major fixes and feature upgrades have been released, which has just made the game that much better.I've got 70+ hours on this game, even with glitches and hick-ups and I have never really run into anything truely game breaking anywhere in the game. The concept is strong and solid, the missions are nicely varied and there is a nice enough selection of vehicles and work horses in the game to make it that much more fun playing a ""simple"" simulator. You get to actually dig and move dirt using excavators and trucks, pour cement on building parts and step-by-step build anything from small houses to huge appartment complexes. I wont spoil the game, except to hint that there are special missions worth your time and focus.When I saw the release of the first DLC for this game, which contains an additional tower crane I didnt even blink before I had completed the Steam transaction for the purchase (the only other game I have ever done this with is EuroTruck Simulator 2). Don't mind the haters on the community hub demanding 6,000 other vehicles: they just want the game to play for them ;)If you like simulators and heavy equipment, then do not hold yourself back on this title. With or without a discount, it's worth the money regardless. On the plus side, you get a decent amount of unintended fun moments at no extra charge!My personal oppinion is that the ""Mixed"" review status no longer applies. The game deserves a more positive status! So do I recomend this game? Yup, definately."
,Recommended,289950,13001364,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Dosedmonkey,"What a plesant surprise!In brief, great gameplay for a simulator, brilliant teamplay on multiplayer with little lag, some physic glitches but good reset buttons so they are not impossible to get out of.Pros;Great range of real machineryGood reward and purchase systemInteresting varied missionsModding and mission editorFun 4 player multiplayer coop modeNo lag in multiplayer, even when I was playing on server opposite side of the worldYou can save your multiplayer gamesEasy reseting of vehicles if accidently glitchedGreat easy explination system for every vehicles controls, so learning curve is nice.Cons;No LAN gameplay modeCan glitch if you ram in to something to harsh, or at an odd angle or position.Terrian graphics aren't as good as they could be, they are nicely done but not exactly cutting edge, although vehicles are lovely.Conclusion. If your a simulator fan, this is a must buy. If you aren't much of a simulator fan, then it is still worth having a go.On a side note, you can kick people from your servers, so more unlocked servers would be great, as it will still keep team play going.There is someone on here reviewing saying the small digger arm doesnt dig, doesn't raise lower, well it does work fine for me, and they tell you how to do it on the easy key guide."
,Not Recommended,289950,13032241,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Murcielago,"Played a few contracts after the tutorial, the game has an interesting concept, transport, excavate, construct, trade materials. However, so far into the game it seems that it should be called ""construction material transport simulator"" rather than construction... It seems that the good stuff does not start to happen in the game anytime soon.All I have been doing go buy this go buy that and bring it to the construction site with the occasional dig here dig there. The game is pretty slow. Graphics are not very appealing, everything seems flat. there isn't even animation in buildings rising from the ground and becoming something beautiful. Bring in material, done, texture pop-in a house made of bricks all of a sudden.Would I recommend this game? No, unfortunately. This simulator could have been A LOT better than that. Nevertheless, I am not slamming the door on this game should it become a franchise and see later iterations i.e 2016 2017 etc. Unless Construction simulator becomes a better game later down the road, this will be the first and last I'll ever buy.If I want to compare, there is for example, Euro truck simulator 2, it is simply driving a truck from point A to point B delivering orders and that is it. This sounds miles more boring that construction simulator, I have done about 48 hours driving trucks around europe. Why is that you might ask, because it is VERY good at what it does, the gameplay feels right the truck weight, the handling with or without a light or heavy trailer loads, the graphics are alright and there are also very good quality attributes in that game.If you are unsure about this game, find some youtube ""lets play"" videos and see if you like the game. If you are not fully confident about buying it I do not recommend making a purchase."
76561198012357831,Recommended,289950,18938762,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,bcharles2009,"If you want to own your own construction company whilst buying new trucks to add to your fleet, be comming the biggest and baddest company in the area, then this game is for you. Sale or no sale, this game is worth the money, esp if you find a few friends to play with, having one buddy run the dump truck while I dig and steve is heading to the steelmill.. its a blast :) This game is by far 8/10. A must have if you're into these types of games !! ( First review :D )"
76561197993487266,Recommended,289950,13158042,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lord Dooba,"I have to say that I really enjoyed this game.  Yes, it is a bit rough around the edges.  This niche market game isn't going to get the polish that a triple A title is going to get.  But it just scratches some itch I have with precisely manuevuering mechanized construction machines around."
,Not Recommended,289950,13956270,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,eNc | Henrik,"The game is really fun, BUT because of all the bugs and glitches I can't recommend it. Way to many game breaking bugs that requires restarts. Multiplayer works okay with 1 or 2 friends. A full lobby of 4 causes so much lag that it is impossible to play. This game should have been marked as alpha or early beta, because it is very, very far from finished."
76561197967524117,Not Recommended,289950,33896712,Posted: 29 July,all,darshie76,"From the simulators that are not simulators ""category""; here it is construction simulator.To be honest, this game offer so much that it is sad to not being able to recommend it; but we need to be honest with other players and say how the game is, and not ""what it could be if"".First thing is the graphic: nothing exceptional, some nice models and in general everything seems fine; although this is another one of these games built on Unity or another similar engine, so all the assets seems pretty clean and out of the asset store. This give the game a very ""amateurish"" feel; where roads, buildings and everything else is very ""clean"" and straight out of a perfect world. I get that this is a small village in the alps or whatever, but I have never seen such clean walls.I have seen worst, so this is not the main reason why I don't suggest the game.Sound is OK; same for traffic; where the cars are sliding around more than rolling, but at least they are able to avoid accidents with you. They get stuck causing huge lines, but that's a different story.The game itself is disappointing; it allow you to build a TON of stuff; fron yards to pipe rails to buildings; but in doing so it force you to use a lot of different vehicles, and this is the issue: none of them drive and operate decently.I did try the first few hours; and beside the trucks, I could not operate much more than that. The controls for the excavator are not really intuitive, and even to dig a hole it takes a lot of practice, not because the game is hard, but because the controls are atrocious.Multiply this for most of the game vehicles; especially because you are required to fill certain areas with dirt, or remove dirt from certain areas; and here you get why I do not recommend this game.It is an exercise in frustration to play the game, and this is disappointing because overall the game offer so much. You can really do almost anything a construction company would do; which sound interesting to me.Another negative is the whole UI; once you miss the objective, there is no way to know how to accomplish it; the game leave you be doing whatever you want, and this is a problem if you missed where to get the pipes, or where to dig, or what to do in general. The mission screen only give you a bit of info, but there is no indicator about where to go, which tool or vehicle to use and so on.In the end; if you can put up with the controls and the disappointing graphics; maybe you may like the game, but I would not say that I recommend this game, in the current state."
76561197973156448,Recommended,289950,13012799,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Aper,"After playing both SP and MP, here is my review after roughly 2-3 hours of play;Pros;- Good game base. Very fun simulator that will please most simulator enthusiat;- Steam Workshop availability in the future for extra vehicles/maps/missions;- Good multiplayer setup; Makes it a lot better playing with friends doing missions;- Casual game that is fun to playCons;- Very glitchy for an early released game: A lot of glitches are really basic;- Very bad custom controls availability: Will probably be fixed but not impressed at first sight;- Seems very repetitive as for the missions and taskings;- The driving of vehicles doesn't feel natural; Maybe this will be fixed with a racing wheel support in the future;Overall, greatly pleased with this game and tons of fun ahead with my buddies. It's not the game of the year, but certainly a great simulator for anyone enjoying this type of game."
76561198167027765,Recommended,289950,13407399,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,OneMeanMotherFucker,"This game is spot on, nice controls and its not too difficult to make money, guarenteed the people who dont recommend are not construction people. I for one am, so if you like building, digging, and all the other fun stuff of the construction world, buy this game."
,Recommended,289950,16361783,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,KingGreyskull,"I truly recommend this game. As a simulator it has it's highs and lows, but the few lows are mostly ignorable thanks to the highs. I do suggest getting it on sale, as I wouldn't pay full price for it. (Or any game for that matter. Steam sales are gamer crack....*twitch twitch*)PROS:- Multiple trucks to choose from. Concrete pumper, tipper truck, dump trucks and others- 7 machines to use: Small and ""large"" excavator, loader, mobile crane, tower crane, vibratory compactor, and forklift- Impressive handling for the machines- Constantly changing job market which adds to the realism as well as having to worry about bills and covering your expensesCONS:- Clunky driving control for trucks- NPC driver AI is ridiculously stupid- Hit a car and flip over a tractor trailer and lowboy with a 30 ton excavator chained on it, shoot 25 miles in the air and have to reset everything to get to the job site- Some jobs get INCREDIBLY repetative- Interaction between machines and trucks can get wonky. I.e dump a bucket of dirt into the back of the truck and the truck does a somersaultAll in all, to burn time and if you love heavy equipment like I do, it's a fun game. If you are expecting photo realism or a ""perfect"" gaming experience.....yeah, this may not be for you."
,Recommended,289950,13703250,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,house_Fly,"Good simulation game, with the ability for modding this game will only get better. There are some glaring bugs to deal with, most have been squashed since version 1.02."
76561197987136591,Not Recommended,289950,13086598,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Nickolaevitch,"The game is not about Construction, but about hauling, logistics and freighting. You don't build things! You deliver bricks and dig holes.Hardly a simulator more arcade. You can't damage you vehicles. You can't lose any project! Steering system is strange..."
,Recommended,289950,19475195,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ludaska,Construction Simulator 2015 is one of the most underrated games that i have come across on Steam. I have to admit that i also had a rough start with it. Bought it and tried it for around 1 hour. I found it to be boring and controls were not so good. I abandoned the game for a few months and came back to it a week ago when i was bored. And i restarted my profile from scratch. Once i had enough patience to do some jobs that got me some money and experience i have unlocked new machinery and new building sites. And the game only starts to get interesting once you do this initial investment. The more i played the more i started to like it. More machines started to become available and the missions started to be more interesting. Now i'm at 20 something hours and i can't wait to play more of it.
76561198020359396,Not Recommended,289950,24415112,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Taniyama,"Quite honestly, I’m in two minds about this game.It’s a fun concept, using heavy machinery, building things, but it’s poorly implemented. I’ve got to admit I like the graphics, they could be a little more realistic and higher resolution, but they’re good, but then we come to the negatives and there’s a long list.Quite honestly the physics let it down bigtime.They’re just so unbelievable.I’ve lost count of how many times my excavator shovel has got stuck in the ground or just freezes for no apparent reason.Trailers and vehicles slide all over the place even on the slightest hill. Once again no real physics and don’t even talk about getting vehicles off the trailers on a hill. It’s like they’re on pure ice and they just slide off.Wheels vehicles appear to get stuck on the smallest irregularity in the terrain. It’s appears once again the physics is the problem.There’s no gears to speak off, no proper dashboard on any vehicle, those who play a certain truck simulator would know what I’m talking about and the detail that’s in it.There’s no way for you to smoothing out ground, to create a work area on hilly terrain.At the end of each stage any equipment you have deployed gets reset, despite the fact that you might need it again at a later stage. It would be great if you could just leave it deployed and pull them out once the job is done.I have no idea what the roller is supposed to do, besides from turning the grass brown.Sometimes the vehicles bounce around for no apparent reason. It can be funny, because it looks like they’re being naughty. Especially if there’s two machines together.You can speed all you want, with any cargo you want, crash through the traffic and no consequences at all, no fines, no damage.You can run over all the people you want, they’re like ghosts, they'll just pass through the vehicle.They assume that you have some type of gamepad. They haven’t assumed that you might want to play the game with a mouse and keyboard. It would nice to configure them how you want, for example using the mouse for steering and the keyboard for acceleration and braking.At this point in time from a simulator point of view. I couldn’t truthfully recommend this game, but if they made it more realistic, with real physics. Then yes I would.If you’re looking for an arcade construction experience.Then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,289950,13002510,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Flying Emu,"This game is extremely addicting, but can bore if you don't care much for driving.  Quite a few of the missions involve driving from A to B, then B to C, then C to D, then back to A.  After you do 20 minutes of driving and preparation, you dig for 2 minutes.  More digging plz7/10."
,Recommended,289950,13010540,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Conagan,"I have read some of the reviews and I agree with most of them. There are several bugs that need and will get fixed. The physics are great in some aspects and others not so great. Driving is a nightmare if you drive too fast but once you get used to driving it isn't quite as bad. As far as the controls for the excavator, boom truck and crane I have to say they are very realistic. I used to be in construction so I have plenty of experience with and excavator and limited with a crane but I have been driving a boom truck for the past 8 years and I will say it is as close to realistic as you will get. The missions do get a little repetative like some of the other posters stated, drive here and get this, then take it to site, dig a hole and clear the site. Job Well Done. I'm certain they will add more features later and I have only been playing for 6 hours so there may still be more to come.All in all I do recommend this game and it is worth the price if you want to play it bad enough, if you can wait for a price drop then do so, if not buy it and have fun."
76561198275798151,Recommended,289950,23532944,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,lass0069,"I highly recommend this game, It keeps me going for hours, I wish they would add more areas to the map and more vehicles to use."
76561197973149646,Recommended,289950,32615414,Posted: 21 June,all,garyp156,"I have been a fan of heavy equipment for as along as I remember.  I wouldn't even think about playing this game without an XBox controller for the PC.  It's the only game besides Farming Simulator that I use the controller with.If you want to own your own construction company while buying new trucks to add to your fleet, and rising to the the most badass company, then it's a really fun game to play.  Unlike the other ones I played where you start off with a shovel and a jack hammer, this starts you off with a real digging machine and you work your way up.Don't grow so big, so fast, and you'll have all the money you need.  I wish I had not moved out of the small town so fast.I also use the taxy service often.After you figure out how the game thinks you should dig, then it's ok, but at first I almost returned it.  There are tutorials on how to ""game-dig"".All in all, I like the game, although I haven't played lately."
,Recommended,289950,13002768,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Hail King 5,"I was really looking forward to the realse of this game. After playing it for a bit it became rather addicting until I started getting into some of the major bugs but it just realsed so they will be fixed surely. My first mission my truck and trailer floated off and diappeared off the map so I had to restart a new game. My game crashed twice and became rarher buggy and slow. The controls are a little iffy to me. The give your mind a tease but after I play it more I'm sure I'll get the hang of it.Pros: Great Concept , Better than many simulator games made , Graphics arent bad , sound is realsitic.Cons: Very buggy , controls give a little frustration  , unclear directions , slow and frustrating tutorial .7/10"
,Recommended,289950,18361769,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,erhminer gaming,I truely love this game I only just was able to optimize it for my pc though even though I bought it on its release date. I really dont have much to say other than good physics and a beautiful game. Things that should be added: A backhoe I mean seriously what construction company doesnt have a good hoe?
,Recommended,289950,16088195,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Detective Patrick,"Its a good game, the vehicle features are good, everything is so realistic, digging, pouring concrete, dropping earth, the physical cargo.The only - Point is the bugs and crashes.I give a Thumb Up so they get the motivation to fix this in a new version.Also i would like to see some new things in the next version like;A Pickup truck, to drive around with it or put small cargo in it.A day cycle.No bugs.-P.R"
,Not Recommended,289950,13675243,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SGXander,"First glance + good stuffI looked at Construction Simulator 2015 with the same view as with other “<insert daily task here> Simulator <year number>” games. I was wrong to do that. Ok it is not the winner of this year’s innovation award but it has its own merits. When diving into the game I soon realised it is far more satisfying having something to show for your efforts in this sort of simulator game. This game certainly wins out over the likes of farming simulator in that regard, giving you some nice scenery and results as well as progression in the form of bigger and better missions to boot.Bug bearsThe fun is a little interrupted as whenever you make any sort of in-game transition (be it between tasks/jobs or switching to online mode/accepting a co-worker into your world) the game seems to almost perform a full world-reload for some and just blacks the screen for no reason for others. Annoying but not the end of the world.One thing you may also find irritating is the games happy way of stopping all keyboard/gamepad input when showing an information window or a mission completion window/achievement window etc. This allows you to career into many, many objects with your very expensive vehicles and, subsequently, have to reset them due to the physics issues (see below).The biggest bug bear with the games intentional features however (as always with Simulator games of this type) is the driver AI. Neither I nor anyone I know is capable of working out why all Simulator game AI cars are all built entirely of lead and have no sense of road rules whatsoever. Pulling out in front of you as you hurtle along in your articulated lorry full of materials seems daft until you realise that they must know they are capable of halting you in your tracks sending your load and truck flying.Just plain bugsIn its current build (1.06 at time of writing) there are serious issues with the physics in-game. In single-player this is noticeable but not game-breaking. Odd vehicle resets aren't an issue but having to quit entirely and re-load gets tiresome.This is nothing, however, compared to the heavy synchronisation issues with multiplayer co-op. Doing things with your friends in this game is great fun and gives all players something to root for as well as do. But with the physics (and synchronisation thereof) issues it is almost unplayable. This can be quickly seen by attempting to load a flatbed truck with two forklifts at the same time. The only saviour then is to delegate tasks solely to individuals which takes the fun out of it for me.ConclusionOverall, I would say this game is in need of some spit and polish as well as a little less loading screen and a little more actual transition. Then it would be great. Until then it is good, but frustrating."
,Recommended,289950,13744178,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dubzy_TV LIVE !,very mixed reviews on this game so i thought sack it il buy it =]3 hours in raged a little bit seeing as i manged to flip my truck and all pallets went everwherebut overall good game glad i bought  very fun if you like sim games like ets and farming sim
76561198220388664,Recommended,289950,23697363,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,H_EquipmentFanatic,"Great game just a few minor issues and ideas for more machines.- Would like more vehicle room- More room for crews- Wider variety of jobs such as (road building, highway construction, site prep)- Last more machines for the above jobs like (bulldozer and roadgrader)All in all great game!"
76561198089598374,Recommended,289950,13000805,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,[DMC$]_minijoker,so far so good but im a little disapointed that the g27 wheel is not supported would give you a more realistic feel to driving but hopefully the devs will sort something out with it :) as for game play only played first hour of so and had some real fun defiantly something that will become very adictive quick7/10 would be 10/10 if fix for g27 :)
76561198032284466,Recommended,289950,13033041,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,cailean_556,"With the myriad of ""simulators"" coming out of small European game developers, and the number of those that are actually ""buggy, furstrating and demanding a refund simulators"", you'd be excused for being cautious about this latest simulator. However, this game - despite it's rough edges (which are actually being address by the developers) - is actually among the better one's I've viewed and/or bought.I buy these sorts of games because I like the business sim/management side of things and my two sons enjoy watching the machines at work. The models are very good, the physics engine works as you'd expect - unsecured loads drift around the tray at speed, cabins bounce etc. The controls don't really feel intuitive to begin with, but after a few contracts you're relying less and less on the 'HELP' menu.I'll admit that it can get a bit repetitive, i.e. ""Go to site with this equipment"", ""Go to outlet, get these supplies, bring to site"", ""Prepare site"" etc. but isn't that how every contruction job basically goes anyway? Rock up, figure out what equipment and supplies you'll need, bring them to the site and commence work? And when you're done, clean it all up? At least from my obersvations of construction sites around my area - couple buildings but mostly road works. So while it does feel like groundhog day, it's really part and parcel with any real-life construction job.I haven't tested multiplayer and I don't expect to - I doubt any of my friends would enjoy this kind of thing: as I said, I mainly bought this game for my two sons to watch me play to keep them out of mum's hair for an hour or so.From a business-sim perspective, for me it's both good and bad. Contracts seem ""reaonsably priced"", you're getting 5 figure contracts pretty much straight away - basically it's not a constant grind to get the more lucartive contracts. Unless I somehow have it on ""Easy"" difficulty...I should check that... Regardless, there are many contracts and many of them pay well. The downside is that hiring personnel is level-based, so you can't hire workers right away and go nuts taking contracts to build your business or potentially go bust and have to fire everyone... You're almost certain to NOT fail the way it's set up. That could be seen as a good thing, but to me there's not a whole lot of risk...at least not so far.I'm nearly three hours in and the only bug I've noticed was on completion of a job and when the fence to the property was reapplied to the map, my several ton small excavator nearly went into orbit. Aside from that one instance, I've not had any other problems.People complaining they can't load vehicles on trailers or drive vehicles (unless it is an actual bug) just need to calm down, bring up the 'HELP' menu (the '?') and look at the controls for their vehicle or trailer. Some functions, like securing loads, only occurs from outside the vehicle - you can't do it from the cab, just like real life. The controls can be 'dumbed down', I was playing it with realistic controls however I have since switched to arcade style controls as I use a keyboard and mouse.This game is obviously not everyone's cup of tea, so to speak, however if you are into running your own business and going from small time outfit to large scale construction magnate as well as 'getting on the tools', then this game is pretty solid so far. If my friends were into this sort of game, I'd recommend it to them and I'm not mad I bought this game either so as far as sales pitches go - if you're into this sort of thing, it's worth the US$26.99 I paid. If you're expecting to bring down the town in a giant excavator rampage or run through the city COD style insta-killing everyone with a shovel or jackhammer I'd give it a miss: this is a construction simulator, not a 'lunatic goes nuts in an excavator, with a shovel or a jackhammer' simulator."
76561198088540972,Recommended,289950,13001629,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,sno250,"So far I am impressed. I have played the android 2014 version on my tablet and this version is far superior. controls can take a bit to figure out and get used to but a little patience helps. I am currently running this game on a six year old laptop with all settings on high and have not had any issues during the first 3.5 hours. If you like simulator games give this one a go I think it is worth it and I am sure the devs will make it even better after getting some community feedback. Also I would suggest reading through the games forum and take a look at some of the good things going on and some of the problems, So far the only problems I have had are with the operator and maybe not reading the instructions correctly the first time but a reset a like I said above some patience will help you."
76561197998143434,Recommended,289950,31502537,Posted: 2 May,all,SteelRodent,"TL:DR: This game is good if you like complex machine-driving simulators. Driving controls can be a little shifty in the small vehicles, but are passable in the bigger vehicles - and that's most of them. Graphics are very good and performance wise the game runs well for a DirectX 9 game, but it does hit the GPU hard (which is normal for DX9 games). For the most part the game will happily run at 60 fps, but in the central city and when it's saving and loading the performance will drop and when you have multiple projects running it can get rather stuttery.In Construction Simulator you start your own budding construction company and gradually graduate from small landscaping jobs to building multi-story houses and high-rises, and eventually even bigger stuff. At first the jobs you can do are a bit boring and samy, but once you buy bigger and better equipment you can do equally bigger and more complex jobs. Each job more or less tells you which machines you need and for the most part you can't take jobs you don't have the right machines for, although there are some issues with the DLC jobs missing some checks and can leave you in the middle of a job you can't finish because you're missing 200,000 € worth of equipment. The game does require a significant investment of time as the more complex jobs easily can take several hours to complete, and the time they take only goes up the bigger and more complex they get, but it truly wouldn't be fun to play if everything could be done quickly. The game also supports multiplayer, but I haven't tried it.As far as simulators go, this is actually one of the better ones and it's not just a simulator by name unlike the majority of these games. Every machine is fairly accurately modelled and the game cheats on the physics which makes the tower cranes much, much easier to operate than you'd expect (no wind and the wires settle down very fast). The physics do go a bit bonkers some times, like if you don't get the pallets lifted 100% correctly with the forklift or if you hit something at high speed (buy the flatbed truck with the crane first chance you get and you won't ever have to touch a forklift again).There are seperate tutorials for almost every single machine once you buy them, and they are fairly decent, but you do need to experiment and use the machines to get the hang of them (espcially the big ones take some getting used to). The tutorials for the DLC are however pretty pathetic and assume you've already done all the others as they lack some explanation, but at that point you don't really need the tutorials anyway.As to all the complaints about the controls: The driving controls can be a bit floaty in simulator mode because the game doesn't auto-center the wheels like most other games, but it's only a real issue on the small trucks you start with, which you very quickly won't use much at all anyway once you start buying better trucks, On the bigger trucks the floatiness is barely noticeable once you're up to speed or when going around corners and it is possible to go through town at 80 km/h without hitting anything. You do need to be aware that trucks take a long time to stop, especially when loaded, and you have to watch your speed when going around corners or you won't end up in the direction you intended (though going around corners at 50 km/h in a fully loaded concrete mixer is surprisingly easy). Worth noting that the game by default is in simulator control mode but also has an ""arcade"" mode which I haven't tried, but by the description it makes all the vehicles act like they're on rails, which isn't realistic.To control all the machines, the default setup is based around the standard two-joystick control method used in all modern diggers, wheel loaders, excavators, and forestry machines, which actually makes the machines very easy to control. It does suffer from not having rotating joysticks like we do IRL and being designed for being playable with a standard Xbox controller (which means button shortage). The game does however allow you to redefine the buttons/keys for every available function on every single vehicle, seperately for each vehicle, which is something I've never seen any other game support. The reassignment is also necessary for some of the equipment where the default keys make no sense (X and Y is for instance nowhere near each other on a keyboard like they are on the controller).The physics can be glitchy, which especially makes digging a challenge because the machine can get stuck or bounce around when colliding with the dirt. I guess the developers realized that the digging has issues as you usually get to skip the whole digging process after a few bucket loads. The pallets can at times go airborne when using the forklift, but the solution is simple: buy a crane and don't bother with the forklift. Most annoying issue is however that the vehicles will slide down slopes and the semi-trailers aren't properly attached which makes them very difficult to back up (the tipper trailer is hopeless because of this)."
76561198071682230,Recommended,289950,13029344,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,James™,"All round a good game, nice textures and a lot more choice, only thing is a lot of errors, playable but not very well optimized, digger gliches out when trying to be put on trailer, big lorry with crane, when putting objects on the trailer they just slide off."
76561198104389417,Recommended,289950,22737934,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,HelloA,"This is one of my fav. game in steam, mostly because it has multiplayer.Transport material, dig, pour concrete, and so on."
,Recommended,289950,13021586,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,JMelow,Has tons of potential. Once you get past the initial learning of controls you will appreciate the ambitious world. Needs some work to fix bugs. In due time these will be fixed I'm confident in that. Someone that loves simulator games will like the effort the developers put into this game. For me it's worth the cash. I've played enough simulators that are not worth the time. I'm thinking for this game is glass half full. Can't wait to see in the coming months what the developers have in store.
76561198017040995,Recommended,289950,23575986,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Daruud,"Underrated simulator 2015.Fun fact: I had never driven a forklift IRL before but after a few hours in this simulator, I managed to successfully operate a forklift with no injuries or crashes.So as a simulator, yes I do recommend.As a game it can be unfinished in some aspects, for instance: no story or plot to speak off, and you will experience some bugs and glitches. (In my opinion, not gamebreaking, rather fun goofs and gafs that will pass)Its a fun way to pass the time and to enhance your vehicular operating skills. In theory. Do not in any way use this simulator as a reference if you ever apply to a job that requires you to operate advanced machinery.There is also the possibility to mod and download mods, but the community hasn't blown up yet. (strange)"
,Recommended,289950,23352772,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Mr_Potato-Man208,"So I have been playing this game for some time now.. It's a good Simulator.. Though it's really more of a heavy equipment operator Simulation but hey thats what we all want in construction anyways right?! The physics in the game are ""Interesting"" at times but the core game is pretty good made.. Honestly one of my favorite Simulators right now. Love the Multiplayer in the game. Though sometimes it's hard to find a game but then you just go play yours open it up and eventually someone will come join."
,Recommended,289950,16957929,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Charlie Gull,"A decent sim, although I would have liked some penalties for breaking the law as well as some actual construction. If you enjoy driving vehicles and transporting goods this is the game for you. If you are looking for a game where you construct buildings yourself, you should probably look elsewhere.The game plays like a low budget GTA but with sim aspects. There is a big open world map that you can drive around and explore but besides doing missions there is not a lot to do.I would probably wait for a sale if you are considering buying this game as the current price of 24.99 is a bit expensive for what you actually get."
,Recommended,289950,16106664,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Skorpychan,"Surprisingly engrossing, slightly clunky, and a few minor bugs.Most of the issues raised by other reviews seem to be caused by smacking vehicles into each other. Don't do that, and it should mostly be fine. Occasional glitches do happen, and there's occasional lag spikes and crashes, but it's mostly stable.The core gameplay is simple. Move X to Y, and do stuff there. Transport materials, dig holes, transport materials, fill holes, transport materials, pour concrete, and transport materials.Downsides are a lack of real progression other than 'buy all of the things', and 'build things to pay the rent'. Needs more machines, lacks the depth of Farming Simulator.But, hey, now you get to play with the toys you transport in ETS2. Considering it's basically Tonka toys for PC, it's worth picking up.Worth £20? Not really. Wait for it to be on sale for <50% of the usual price."
,Recommended,289950,13044322,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Granpa,"After playing with keyboard control and having a frustrating time i switched to the xbox controller and i must say i am so far enjoying this,it does take some time to get used to the controls but once you do its a fun game if you play games like Farming Simulator or others like it you should enjoy this release"
,Recommended,289950,20260382,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Goldfire,"I spammed this game since purchasing so much that I started hearing the reversing truck sound and hydraulic noise in my head whilst trying to get to sleep later that night.Jokes aside though...I've had ConSim2k15 for less than a few days and have already put ~30hrs into it. Very little sleep combined with the antics of multiple friends online have made this game great value for money - it's a great team work game.The physics can be a little bit funky at times, but they can also be helpful because if they flip out, you know you're doing something wrong and you need to adjust your approach. I've been on the lookout for a multiplayer construction based sim for a number of years, and I'm surprised that this one slipped past me until recently.Pros:* Good, but simplistic graphics allow it to run on a range of hardware* Good physics, although they can completely flip out and cause some (funny) problems* Authentic like heavy machinery and handling* Interior cockpit views add immersion and another level of difficulty* Trying to plan ahead for which vehicles are required and how to manage funds, especially in a group, is rewardingCons:* Sounds are fairly basic, especially engines or the same horn on every vehicle* Jobs are mostly structured the same, but with just enough variance so it isn't completely repetitive* No repercussions from causing havoc in the city, such as ramming into cars or signsThe cons are more nitpicky than anything. Personally, I'd like to see some more simulation like aspects, such as fuel usage, vehicle failures or fines for causing city damage (running into cars/signs/people/etc).Overall though, I highly recommend this one if you're looking for a game that combines logistics, freight/handling of goods, managing a construction company and using heavy machinery with a group of friends."
76561198009922165,Recommended,289950,16050903,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,The_Black_Knight,"Overall one the best releases from Astragon to date.The multiple PATCHES FIXED MANY THINGS IN THE GAME.I have played quite a few of their releases for sure, but this is not just another &%#% ""simulator"".They did a good job in this niche genre.The overall play has been built up for MANY years of simulations they have developed.Game play concept for a full construction company running is solid and works very well, including the finances, resources, vehicles, and supplies.Late game it becomes equally important to manage your finances rather than just your work load.Controls for all vehicles are EXTREMELY TIGHT (with an Xbox 360 controller), and the help tool tips for new players is very useful.Locking down loads is importantly for driving, due to ""odd physics"".If you are playing the game on simulation controls, inertia and momentum make a BIG difference.Vehicle selection is excellent, although most machines are recycles from previous releases with graphic and control tuning.Graphics are perfectly acceptable for the game and reasonably detailed, but not overly optimized with the code engine.If you are at the highest graphical setting you are going to get some lag, unless you have a solid game system, especially if you want to run this game ABOVE 1080p.If you are looking for Crysis 3 type graphics this is not that type of game with perfect shadows, shading, smoke effects, etc.Physics has always been little ""wonky"" with these type of games, including some pretty funny moments with rag doll physics, flying cars, dirt realism, and lack of proper damage modeling, in that respect this is NOT a simulation in this area.Keep in mind, this not a game for everyone though.It is closer to a ""real"" simulation than pure light-hearted fun, although the time required for projects is much shorter than it would be in REAL life, but can still be quite painful at times if you complete them alone.A good example of some of the more complicated missions may take OVER 3 hours to complete, but THANK GOD the game auto-saves, and you can leave and pick up where you left off.  There is no ""time crunch"".There are even some ""shortcuts"" the game gives you if you are really tired of digging or concrete pump work.Fortunately, you can hire workers, but its too bad you cannot interact with them and join the work like some other games of the genre.Its not a REAL simulation however as time scale is fast, and controls are still simplified for non-equipment operators.However, you are going to have to put in a few hours to get good with the controls and be proficient anyway.For example:  The Concrete Pump Truck, has 8 sets of controls to have to use simultaneously, but the design makes is fairly straightforward to understand with minimal fuss.For some people, this game is going to seem like a LOT of work.However, it is a great game for more than one player as you can multitask, and have it count towards your construction company progress.  THAT IS FUN.Recommended if you like building construction projects and running heavy equipment.If you think simulations games are ""work"", you will not like it.Still working towards that $10 million in the bank (although it is ""fake"" money).Construction is ALWAYS hard work!"
76561198022347348,Recommended,289950,23321543,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Fauz,"I bought this game early on, being a Farming Simulator player. I was hoping this was going to be as fun. Unfortunately, the controls between Farming Sim and Construction Sim were so different, it was difficult to adapt and some of it even counter intuitive. I mean, why  can\'t we have a free camera on all the time using the mouse to rotate and maneuver?Initially, I was having difficulty reassigning keys. I\'d remap my keys but they weren\'t working. For the longest time, I was fed up and regretful having bought this game, but someone told me that many bugs had been fixed, so I gave it another shot.It does look like it\'s working better. For me it\'s actually playable. I\'ll play some contracts and see if there is hope for this game. If they do come out with a 2017, please allow the controls to be fully configurable. I want to be able to set it as close to the FS series as possible.I purchased the rest of the DLCs, seeing how it seems playable now. I\'ll modify my review later on when I get more hours into it."
76561198035456149,Not Recommended,289950,33301808,Posted: 5 July,all,SteveF,"Don't bother with this if you are using a mouse and keyboard, and not a full wheel-and-pedals kit. The steering in all modes with the keyboard is horrid; it goes rapidly from sluggish at high speeds to wildly responsive as the vehicle slows, making it almost uncontrollable. The forklift is the worst, stupidly uncontrollable when trying to make small adjustments to load it.The tutorials are fun, enough to get you through the first two hour period so you can't get a refund. Learn from my pain :("
,Recommended,289950,16065398,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Charlie's Pick's,i love this game so much that i haven't stopped playing it since i bought itand you can use your G27 wheel on it but i would only do this if you want a really challenge when it comes to booms and diggers i give this game 9 out of 10 as it still has room for improvement
,Recommended,289950,13299400,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Mr Dude,"Wanted to have a game that would let me own a constuction company and some cool projects for a change. I thought that this would be it. However I am slightly disappointed in this game. First the graphics are not that good even when set to""max"" settings. Game Physics are AWFUL there is no reason for it.  If you want to perpetually conduct projects this might be the game for you. However I warn that if you want a polished product do not purchase this one. You are better off buying Farming Simulator 15 for the time being. If you like sims and are patient. This is a good game for you. Hope this helps."
,Recommended,289950,16057393,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,LoaderSaints,"Trust me I'm an engineer! Well, not really but in this game you can be one. Experience the life of a construction engineer by playing this game. I recommend this game to all of you who are patient and are interested in operating big construction equipment. The only downside I've faced so far is that there are some minor bugs but they don't ruin the fun. And if you want to multiply the fun then I suggest you try the multiplayer, yes, this game actually has multiplayer and it supports up to 4 players."
,Recommended,289950,16107914,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Countryboy9922,"The game is very detailed and I love playing the game, I like that you get to choose the contracts you want and what equipment you have, but there are some bugs in the game still. Like when you go to pull wall forms out of the truck and you clip the trailer and the forms go flying, at that time it is best to just put a worker on it and you are left with a mess all around your world. Also there seems to be a lot of lag when you are in the city even just walking your character walks the opposite direction in witch you are facing, its not that way when your driving but just a lot of lag even in low graphic quality. It gets better the farther you get away from the city but there are no jobs out there, at least for me there's not. But if your looking for a game to pass time by then this is it I recommend the game even with the little bugs."
,Recommended,289950,16217316,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mariah Wolves,"This game is good, its a mix of Farming sim 15 and Euro truck sim 2. Its got good Multi-player stand, better then FS 13/15 and if it fix a few small bugs, it would be a good game. Down side is $30 is a bit much, I would wait until its on sale, like 15% to 20% off. I did that a few weeks ago. Its a good game for those who love sims games."
76561198079385111,Recommended,289950,23310568,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,The Knight,I did love this game and played it religiously for quite a while. However since upgrading to Windows 10 the game has never booted and has never run for me. Anyone know what I can do to get it to work again as I'm getting bored of my other games now....
76561198206060689,Recommended,289950,29608078,Posted: 31 January,all,BallisticKid Plays,"Overall good game, came across 1 thing though that makes it not good, I don't know if it happens to everyone, but my companies keep getting deleted without me deleting them.Pros:Wonderful graphicsWonderful drivingWonderful simulationNice multiplayer, and SingleplayerCons:Infinite fuelno damageno traffic fines"
76561198080197185,Recommended,289950,34460126,Posted: 24 August,all,yyamst,Very entertaining and offers a varied degree of tasks. Just one negative point in that there needs to be more new projects and tasks added as the game becomes repetitive after a while.
76561198150598968,Recommended,289950,13026669,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Grinch,"Needs more bugfixing and probably an ipdate or two but overaly, great idea, cool gameplay and missions,multiplayer could be awesome if bugs get fixed."
,Recommended,289950,13037246,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Dennis Smith,"Very interactive. You don't just drive to checkpoints. Play with the ""Farming Simulator type physics"", to attach trailer, tie your loads down, and actually terraform with the excevators! A very large map to build projects acrross and expand."
,Recommended,289950,18507725,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Riven326,"Constructiom Simulator 2015Pros:1. Authentic machines that look and feel like their real life counterparts.2. Vehicle interiors are nicely detailed and really add to the simulation.3. Building up your company from scratch,acquiring new vehicles, and managing your monthly finances, is satisfying.4. Multiplayer is a lot of fun and usually works well.Cons:1. Jobs are too simplistic and follow the same basic structure with the exception of a few ""special"" jobs.2. Routine vehicle maintenance would have been a nice addition.3. Location variety is seriously lacking.4. Jobs always require a vehicle of some kind.5. Game is too easy.I recommend this game to people who are enthusiastic about operating the big machines this game has in spades. Outside of that, there is little else this game offers. However, It is a solid foundation for the developer to build upon and is a step up from the previous editions which were only available on mobile devices."
76561198053350603,Recommended,289950,18362639,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,WendellThrewUp,"This is a fun game.I still come back to it when I want to scratch my ""task-oriented"" itch."
76561197972805856,Recommended,289950,16179440,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,BH_woodstock,My Grandson loves it.I began to check it out and this is a fantastic sim.we;; worth it.Try and get it on sale like I did for 11 bucks
,Not Recommended,289950,33854477,Posted: 28 July,all,SkyTheGuy,"Well... If your after a real construction experience, then this isnt the gamer for you. it is close to the real deal, but it is still very unrealistic when it comes to things like driving, and general physics. Oh.. Did i mention - It is full of bugs.Loads of them."
76561198024556519,Recommended,289950,23527505,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,brandonwhite3,"I'm a fan of large vehicle simulators. Wether it's hauling loads from point A to B or building housing using big ol' machines I love it. This simulator is great. Highly recommend for simulator lovers. Runs pretty smooth and many of the capabilities are just what they would be in real life. What do I mean? Excavators are able to load themselves onto real vehicles and trailers with some skill. Same method in real life works in the game. The basic tutorial could be better but I got the hang of it by reading the key assignments and completing the tutorials that were available. It'd be nice if there was a road grader so some of these uneven sites can be leveled out but the game is not done yet so fingers crossed. Hopefully, the creators will make a heavy tow simulator too, hint hint. lol. Enjoy it."
76561198029754399,Recommended,289950,30592519,Posted: 18 March,all,maindexm,"I had a good fun in co op. Game is good, just construction could be more in depth."
,Recommended,289950,24188124,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,JohnC,"Vehicle simulations are my favorite genre and I`ve been looking for a quality simulation on construction vehicles for a long time. I`m writing this review after a 10-hr session with CS2015 which was quite enjoyable and fun.Pros- High quality vehicle models and sounds- Many different types of vehicles- Vehicles have various functions/moving parts. Operating an excavator with my G27 / Joystick combo was one of the most enjoyable simulation experience I`ve ever had.- Support for multiple controllers including logitech G27- Task variety- Ability to hide all HUD elements- Multiplayer / Coop- Modding and Steam Workshop SupportCons- Collision detection and physics problems- Bugs (disappearing cars, etc)- Environment (cities, building, roads, etc) looks quite simple and a bit shallow. This may be a game-engine limitation. Hope to see more photo-realistic/rich gaming world in next version of the sim.Conclusion- Even in its current state, CS2015 is a solid and fun vehicle simulation."
76561198014659127,Recommended,289950,22725792,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,The Mogadon Moustache,WARNING: THIS IS NOT A SIMULATION. Running your own construction company is nowhere near this relaxing. Works with a joypad. Even more relaxing. Can co-op with buddies. I found nirvana.
,Recommended,289950,19581736,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ShadiGamer™,good game to build and have fun and some Gi wish you can change the coler of the truck or a custmer thats well be awsome and its a good gameand a new trucks that you can have a big company more and more
76561198213964072,Recommended,289950,14792438,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ghost,"OK until I got to mission six on the turtorial. I had to buy a skip/container and delivered at least four and put them on site, the foreman guy just stands there looking like he has no clue where it should go.Then I went back to the builders merchant to complain about buying multiple skip/containers. Then got angry and put a long wheel base Mercedes Sprinter type van on top of another in sheer anger and disblief.Other than that I thought its alright."
,Recommended,289950,13009169,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Cochese,"Great Game!I've been waiting for one of these type games to come out that was actually good!Havent had any problems yet or at all.However, finding out that after it was released it went on sale is not a great feeling..."
76561198141376483,Recommended,289950,14506022,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,danrance1978,"Brilliant game. One of the best I have brought on Steam so far. Great gameplay, excellent graphics and very addictive. I highly recommend this game to all."
76561198075263945,Not Recommended,289950,13269414,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Brechnor,Great game if you like to stick the digger into the ground and flap around like a pinata at christmas.Bad game if you want to stick the digger into the ground and make actual holes...
76561198181096197,Recommended,289950,24305386,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,mrrakethesnake2,Game is pretty acurate to a real world construction company with payments and tasks. The only thing is the physics of certain things like objects and when you crash. Other than that its fun to play
76561198087186207,Recommended,289950,16124562,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,koullis,"Amazing game. Love the controls. maybe it would be better with more graphics, but overall a very nice game"
76561198148740113,Recommended,289950,16299475,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,TheCountryGamer,"First of all I think this is a great game. Well worth the money! The only glitches I've seen are cars flighing up in the air on the highway, some minor sound glitches, and minor glitches with the pallets/skids. Here is my ratings on somethings in the game;Gameplay-10/10Graphix- 9/10Physics-8.5/10User Friendly-7/10Platform-6/10If you have an older computer and are running WIndows XP/Vista (like me) than this game my crash alot and change up where your equipment is or the way things are (minor). My overall rating on the game is 8.5/10. I recomend waiting atlest 3 second before you do anything after the game has loaded anything, it may prevent it from crashing as frequently. Also, if the game if crashing frequently, just tone down the graphix one notch. I hope you enjoy the game as much as I do and don't wish you haven't bought it! Check out my uploaded screen shots for some cool pics!Thanks,HNF2002"
,Recommended,289950,18699384,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,gman65m,The gameplay words that direct your work to be done are missing.
76561198097876667,Recommended,289950,16276225,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Scouts,i love this game it a little hard at the start but when you know what your doing this is a real good game
76561198126335912,Recommended,289950,16133013,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,jcommon123,"There are a few issues after having a crash but if you drive carefully this will never affect you. It has frozen a few times but if left for a few seconds it has fixed it's self without any consequences, this is probably down to my computer. Ignoring these minor issues it is a grate game"
76561198035834219,Recommended,289950,16249768,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,The Turbanator,"driving mode is a pig - especially the low boy, escavating graphics are too simple and lanscape details are basic but overall game is OK"
76561198087337048,Recommended,289950,22624335,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,mr awesome dude,lots of fun playing with freinds and worth the money!
,Recommended,289950,13000668,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Obliviousman88,"Super buggy! I have a really mainstream configuration, and I couldn't play the game AT ALL. Wait a few weeks for the developer to fix their broken game.EDIT:  The latest patch (v1.07 I believe? Could be v1.04) Fixed my control problems. Now that I've actually gotten to play the game a bit, it's pretty fun. This is a really great game if the primary thing you want to do is drive trucks. A lot of the actual construction is done for you (which is honestly probably a good thing given the impercision of the controls) but driving the trucks around and operating their various features is a really good time. There are several kinds of vehicle, and each one has its own special function. For example, there's an excavator truck, a flatbed which is used to transport and dump cargo and can optionally have a crane, a forklift, etc. Not exactly GOTY material, but a solid buy if you're a fan of toy trucks."
,Recommended,289950,22337233,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Coastliner700,Best game everThe reason i changed my name to naruto because I wanted to be sillyGood stuff: Cars train stations man trucksBad stuff: No shovels and hammersGame rate 8/10
76561197980763611,Not Recommended,289950,13050624,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Selkan,"Construction Materials Transporter that should be a name for it, you drive around load materials on your truck and transport it to the Construction site and load it of and and the bulding gets bigger like magic. And as a ""Construction manager"" (or what the english name is for it) thats not what you do at construction site. Mostly you pick up a phone and call the vendor and tell him how mutch you want then thay do that stuff and you can go on and work.Not many vehicles, they are probobly hoping the community will do it for free for them as before.Its basicly the delivery jobs you do at farming simulator 2014 (didt wanna waste my money on a new farm game with mod vehicles from the last game)"
76561198055762452,Recommended,289950,13000858,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Day of Potsdam,Hands down addicted. pre ordered on the hunch of something better then the spat of other steam sims. blown away. 10/10 graphics sound and good lord the controls. been waiting a long time for something like this.
76561198091437078,Recommended,289950,19410823,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,allen woods,i like the game it is fun 2 play
76561198067888661,Recommended,289950,14396149,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,Definitely easier with an Xbox 360 controller. Graphics are pretty good. Driving is cheeks... All in all first impression score is 7/10... Check out my lets plays of this game if interested.Youtube.com/patar1441
76561198029421733,Recommended,289950,13000621,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Genises150,"In about 20 minutes of gameplay i found that The Small arm on the Excavator does not dig at all, i cannot lower it down to dig or riase it up, i had been enjoying the game up to this point, but at present i find it not playable until there is a fix in place.Fixed See Post"
,Recommended,289950,23045906,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,kohe,10/10 great gameplay great graphics great everything
76561198063570798,Recommended,289950,14460410,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,D. Jankovic,"Well game is pretty cool,who is in to the simulator games,you have  good amount of jobs to keep you busy and physix is pretty cool one in the game,still some small bugs but none of them game breaking. It knows to be boring to play it long in singleplayer but if you have few friends you can have great MP building time :) pretty fun,awesome game"
,Recommended,289950,18397534,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Limmin,"A lot better than you'd think from seeing the reviews.  I'd definitely recommend this if you like simulators.Smooth vehicle operation, attractive town, fairly realistic driving, fun heavy equipment to use.  Sort of a cross between Euro Truck Simulator and Farm Simulator (2013 & 2015).The game controls were reputed to be complex and difficult, but I paid careful attention to the steps and recommended actions and it all went fairly easy.  Full disclosure:  I'm an avid fan of Farm Sim, and have plenty of ""experience"" operating heavy machines, trailers and diggers.  This helped me become proficient in Construction Sim very quickly.I only saw one instance of a silly physics bug in two hours of play.  It did not affect gameplay at all, and was LOL funny.  Bonus!"
,Recommended,289950,16218403,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,icecreammatt,I would have killed for a game like this when I was a little kid. I have to say it is still really fun to play now too! Try playing it in first person view for a real challenge. I hope this game gets VR support in the future.
,Recommended,289950,16061975,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,[RaBs] JerrySlayer,"I Enjoy this game,Got a few friends to play it too and they also enjoy playing"
76561198012940063,Recommended,289950,16034735,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Rapid_Robert,"Except for the fact that there is a major delay for steering and operations (I have a very fast computer --- quad core & video card, etc.), it would be nice to have an operators' manual.  No, right-clicking and choosing View Manual doesn't work and I've verified the files !!!"
76561198005820482,Recommended,289950,16062893,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Darth EagleEye,"This is a pretty good game, however, there is too much driving to pickup and deliver stuff. That makes this a bit unrealistic. Also the loading of stuff onto the truck yourself, especially at the sawmill and build materials locations is unrealistic. I would like to see integration for Twitch in the future."
,Recommended,289950,16107257,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,z71_Sierra,Awesome Game i love it
76561198010019818,Recommended,289950,16283026,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,ITfosho,"Fun game, still a bit buggy and missions are repeats. It has a nice swath of equipment which shows promis i just wish it had more equipment and missions to go with it. Sometimes CTD but eh, it still works."
,Recommended,289950,16507169,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,dragonlady72,i really like this game  if looking for a player i play a lot   just wish they would give some new stuff to build
76561198215953672,Recommended,289950,17435187,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,birddog,it's cool games. I like it.   how do I move from base home to empty lot for a crane tower?. thanks apprecation.
76561198045390713,Recommended,289950,18565801,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Kevin,"Love it Hours of fun already had and still many more hours to come , few issues here and there yet nothing game breaking.Otherwise a fun Sim to play , even better with friends"
,Recommended,289950,16074208,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Gerrart :),I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game !! haha worth all of the money
76561198023690059,Recommended,289950,16207620,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Vagasil Overdose,"I got it on sale and felt it was worth the 10-15$ I paid for it.  Be warned you're not really constructing anything, your mostly transporting material from point A to B, the buildings construction will jump to the next stage as you finish each task.  There are some missions that require you to pour concrete or dig, but mostly you will be transporting matiral or equipment.  There is a management component to it as you progress, that was kinda fun, but I felt the game went easy mode as each of workers can work 5x as fast as I can."
,Recommended,289950,16509174,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bortigo,A great sim game.
,Recommended,289950,18593566,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,troyhager19,pretty good gme does need a lilttle work to it a lil more fun the game does get boring after a while
,Recommended,289950,19220927,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Fallen Angel,"Absolutely love this game! Great physics, nice graphics, and outstanding gameplay! 9/10"
,Recommended,289950,19282335,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Daveo1996,It is a brilliant game when it comes to playing it with friends otherwise it can get very boring very fast unless you are into playing this sort of game on your own.
,Recommended,289950,16461467,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,the10T,"Was skeptic at first to get this game so i put it on my wishlist and waited for it to go on sale. Still almost didnt buy it because of the negative reviews it had. Well all that aside, i think its a great game! i havent come across any real bad bugs yet like they all claim. Little ones here and there but nothing that takes away from the game. Great game imo."
,Recommended,289950,20120168,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,matwood,Great Game!  A coupleminor issues with the game mechanics but doesn't interfere with game play.
,Recommended,289950,15716294,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Evilworm,"The game has a few bugs, but they seem to be removed a few at a time. Still enjoying this game once in a while.  Something is so relaxing about this game."
76561198333272755,Recommended,289950,29268541,Posted: 15 January,all,kimber822,Love this game.Had the AppStore one for a while and this is way better. Amazing for the price.A+
,Recommended,289950,17335466,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DoylesRidingLife,good game
,Recommended,289950,14697767,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,CrazyGijs,"I really like this game, it's a great game if you want to play it serious, it has some sound issues and some model bugs, but that doesn't affect the gameplay that much.- It's a great game if you play it with a controller."
76561198176202151,Recommended,289950,14927706,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,halerazor80,Fun game but game crashes every once in awhile
,Recommended,289950,18334823,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Roofus,"its a good game....... for WHAT IT IS..... its like being 6 years old and playing in the sandbox with your tonka toys again, its not peticularly exciting or that beautiful but its fun if you dont have anything to do"
76561198182017797,Recommended,289950,15023864,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,aim4par,"This game is great but my PC is meeting the minimun standarts and i get lag ofthen which isnt that bad but when you are driving it matters. Some times the steering gets to where i turn and i have made almost a 180 degree turn. The vehicles are great. As a kid i was always interested in construction and now i can ""work"" in construction. Its a great game if you have time to sit down and learn its basics. (take a taxi to avoid long distance travel, it wont work with cargo attached to your vehicle.) Also you can reset vehicles to your home base."
,Recommended,289950,15138710,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TomTomG9,"Awsome game, great fun. Good for online play, mainly with friends. Lots todo, all works. Only very small glitches that you can work through. Enjoyed playing this game, currnelty awaiting more missions or mods of some kind. 10 / 10 with my hours."
,Recommended,289950,30492890,Posted: 13 March,all,cj_mavis,Reading some of the reviews I was a little worried going into this game. I have to say I did get pretty frustrated with the first contract I did as I couldn't figure out what I was doing. The directions are sometime a little unclear. Now that I've figured out what I'm doing this game is actually fun! I like how you have to purchase and get all of the special supplies that you need for each project and the different vehicles you can have.  I just wish there was a way to convert everything into English standard for pricing (Dollars) and speed (miles per hour). Overall a great game and I recommend giving it a try!
,Recommended,289950,25875412,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,{HomeSlice},THIS game is awesome i have over 130 hours in this game so thought i would wright a reivew on it know instead of playin 5 sec and wrightin a bad revview like most people
76561198022856963,Recommended,289950,17951189,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Hydra_Gaming_Raider,"I find it is a pretty fun game. You don't do any foot work but use machines such as diggers, cement pumps, cranes and other stuff and you have to deliver the materials to the site. I really like the open world element which is absent in most simulators as you select your own jobs and complete them at your own pace. The multiplayer works fine and other than a few physics and AI driving glitches the game has worked perfectly for me. If you find a job too tedious you can tell an employee to do it but it does have some downsides so it's not cheap to do so. The variety of jobs, machines, and workshop support gives you quite a bit of replayability and the DLCS add quite a bit which is nice. I reccomend watching some videos on it before buying to see if it is a game for you but I thought it was pretty good. Astragon is also behind it and they make some pretty good simulator games."
76561198258617876,Not Recommended,289950,21688603,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,ThatRedmonBoy,You're basically transporting material to the site but not actually contructing the project
,Recommended,289950,16038439,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,PorkBorn,not many people have this game the only thing rong iv noticed is the lag and the controls on keybord if you good at keybord keep it but i play with a controler i highly suggest AND IF SPELLING MESTAKES ARE MADE IN THIS IM DISLEXIC
76561198275105539,Not Recommended,289950,24431754,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Dooby23,Let's be honest it's an okay game and a good concept.  However there are to many small glitches that make it frustrating.  Getting pallets from the shelf and putting them in the truck is a challenge and it's one of the top things you do in the begining of the game.  Also can't say I've ever been digging a hole with an excavator and had dirt stop it dead in it's tracks.Some of the main componets and jobs you do a lot have to many problems that should have been fixed before release.
,Recommended,289950,13225262,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,LWTech,"The game is nice, but it suffers from a few minor and major bugs. A few fixes should get it up to shape. Otherwise awesome, played it on iPhone before it came to PC.P.S To those who are whining of the lack for ambient music, go tohttp://www.overwolf.com, download the software and play music through the Overwolf Spotify app or Music Player. There is also other similar software. So shut up."
,Not Recommended,289950,13043456,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,FoodOnCrack,"Really awful game. Physics and trafic AI are really horrible. Had the right of way and got scooped by a car. My excavator flew away hundreds of meters. Controls are really poor. Excavator arms can exctract but the opposite buttons don't work even though they are assigned correctly, so i can't retract excavator arms. Objectives are unclear, telling you to unloda objects in ""marked"" areas, but you have no clue where, also no arrows or markers. Driving trucks has very unreliable steering on keyboard with great accaleration causing turns to be taken too big and curves on the highway to make you spin 180 degrees. No ambient music at all or anything.Also, let's call this game material and machine transporting simulator. You are delivering materials for 10 minutes, then you dig for 1 minute and a building pops out of nowhere. Repeat this and call it a game.This game went way too early out of beta and the devs should have tested it more thoroughly."
76561198245193574,Recommended,289950,17682736,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,aronhemel,"very nice game, but not that stable! Game stops mostly when you play multiplayer, but also the career mode will let you crash at least once an hour or so.Very nice graphics, functions and machines! highly addictive too!overall no second thoughts about buying it :-)"
,Recommended,289950,18735126,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,AJ Deere T680,SomeTimes could be glitchy with vehicles that might fly but not often. Either than that its a realy good Game.
,Recommended,289950,19022044,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Rag3Rac3r,"Excellent game that can easily keep you entertained for a couple of hours - it includes a lot of driving and moving materials, just as a construction site in real life."
,Recommended,289950,19567667,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,FabianBouw,"I have to say, I played Construction Simulator 2014 on my iPhone. Which is obviously a scaled down version of this big brother. Not that I'm biased by that, It's just the reason I started playing this game.I'm gonna compare it with Euro Truck Simulator 2. I love that game, mainly because it's polish. Well, this game has that too. It's totally NOT a crappy simulator. It's probably one of the best actually. If you enjoy Euro Truck Simulator 2 mainly because it's relaxing, you''ll probably find this game relaxing too.I just had my first CO-OP experience and I really loved it! Working on the save job, both in different vehicles is really cool. I also love that you can leave your vehicle and just walk. Pretty immersive.The reviews about bad controls are not true. I think they are pretty perfect this way. Couldn't think of a better control scheme. And you absolutely don't need a controller like another reviewer said. I have no idea what that person played, not this game, that's for sure.. lol.If you want a relaxing simulator, grab this one. The mixed reviews were mainly because of the rough launch with bugs, those are patched so no worries about that anymore. Enjoy!"
76561198040631982,Recommended,289950,16803012,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,[324] Ian,"Only spent 1 hour on the game. In my opinion for what I've seen so far... the game is pretty good especially for a Astergon game. My only 3 cons is the Cockpit Camera isn't centered for♥♥♥♥♥♥on where it's suppose to be centered (ITS CENTERED IN THE CENTER OF THE CAB) and Bad Optimization (I have a GTX 750Ti) and Farming Simulator physics. But the story line and the progression of the game is SOOO well thought out that I would give this game a 8/10. If you're not a huge fan of ""heavy machienery (might be proper English :P) then I wouldn't recommend the game. I came into this game with an open-mind and I was right. The main menu's are simple and sharp, the game has a slight visual blur if you look hard enough (strangly it makes up for the performance). The reverse audio isn't... headphone friendly. Keyboard controls suck *** I MUCH rather prefer a controller (I use a XBox 360 controller). All in all  if Astergon just keeps throwing out patches for the game... I think that it has a HUGE potential."
,Recommended,289950,19086888,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Cavemancougar,few bugs here an there but a very fun coop game hours of enjoyment
76561198113094231,Recommended,289950,18933071,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,johnmc50,very good graghics and easy for me to understand
76561198213354055,Recommended,289950,19078553,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,g.kenyon,"hi all, ive just bought an downloaded construction sim 2015, unfortunately I have a big issue, there is no writing in any of the boxes, so I cant get any information of what to do!!! I did manage to start a career somehow an again when talking to the man there is no writing in the boxes again so cant play as don't know what to do!!!! my laptop has all the requirements needed so am lost with this one!! please help!!!!!"
,Recommended,289950,19302829,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,conzilla12,"This game is awesome! As I have 4GB of RAM... it runs smoothly 30 fps.PROS:Not Bad GraphicsKnock down signs and street lampsAI is Okay...Missions are fine, I don't like the ones where you just have to dig dig dig dig dig 3 times.CONS:The shovel gets stuck in the ground sometimes, it's very annoying.Physics are a bit stupid sometimes, using the forklift, loading a pallet, the pallet falls off.Some Missions are Repetetive.Walking controls are awkwardDo I recommend it?For 14 euro, yes, do get it!"
,Recommended,289950,19590396,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,DCT Sheindo,"Let's face it, it does take tme to get use with the controls, AI is a mess.But I must say that I love to drive througout the village and be like; ""I build that"""
76561198042510978,Recommended,289950,18522225,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Dangermoose,"An adequate simulator, worth playing but you need to accept it for it's quirky controls. It does have a good interface that helps you control complex machines in a simple satisfying way. Not quite up to part with games like Farm Simulator, but worth keeping an eye on this game and future versions."
,Recommended,289950,22542357,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,AMURR,Great game for those that enjoy diggers and trucks and other construction machines!
76561198256534391,Recommended,289950,18731483,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Hal2425,glitches here and there but it is a good game when you get into it
,Recommended,289950,19142628,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Killer Gas,"I've spent alot of time in this game. And from playing it, it's a really addictive and drags you into the game. This is a good game to play whilst listening to a podcast or having some music playing in the background.I have no history with big equipment but am a fan of maths and physics and this game helps you understand some of the processes that go into building everything from a parking lot to a Wind Turbine in the latest update.Great game would recommend this for anybody interested in construction."
,Recommended,289950,19262141,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,KraKraze (thebuilderguy),Best game ever!!
,Recommended,289950,19546433,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Vincent Lauro,Love this game so fun... Only bad part is it takes forever to load the game and loading people for multiplayer on my mac
76561197976465875,Recommended,289950,19669273,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ghost,"If you'd like to try your hand at using the construction vehicles in this game, you won't be disappointed and will probably enjoy the experience.If you're looking for a perfect game with no flaws, then you will be disappointed as this game has a few minor glitches hear and there. However, I have yet to find anything fun-destroying - just minor quirks. It's still the best construction game I've seen (as of the date of this review). I love the tower cranes myself."
76561198169906278,Recommended,289950,14870673,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sapphire,best game i'v ever played at least until 2016
76561198110926577,Recommended,289950,15182309,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TheDanBates,Cool game enjoy playing .Suggestions:Better driving qualitymore than 1 map
76561198124186288,Recommended,289950,15257448,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,skynyrd47,"This is a good simulator but the graphic are good in parts, I cant really complain its a difficult game to design BUT I would like to see more depth than running after material all the time. I work in the construction field and I have alot of my stuff delievered, I know you can sub that small work out in the game but why waste your own man power?"
76561198138939283,Recommended,289950,15407551,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,band.pollard22,how about a downloadablecontent construction sim 2015
76561198108762381,Recommended,289950,16544112,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,cdalley,it is all good but it lags a bit it could just be from my computer but apart from that thumbs up
76561198231159700,Recommended,289950,16925976,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Cory1351,this game is the best it is like real life it may not be fun at first but it gets beter as you progress
76561198048134692,Recommended,289950,13821575,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ArtfulDodger,The glitches and bugs are the only thing letting this game down. Otherwise a solid simulator for the lads.
,Recommended,289950,17037943,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,"Dwayne ""The Pebble"" Johnson",GET THIS GAME!
76561198004202545,Recommended,289950,16577671,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ultima pwn,Well was looking through the sim games and i must say i do love my sim games came along this one and at first look with the mixed review i was like hmmmm na not this time but as i sat watching youtube films off it i thought ah well i give it a shot.so got the game only been on shot amount off time so far but on first opinion i think its looking a good game could do with few tweeks here and there. game is running very wellso yer i would say grab it if you like these games and dont read in to too many bad reviews
76561198020419574,Recommended,289950,14664297,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,n3l3ma,"Playing for 20 hours now and i must say that this game have done its job by entertaining me alot! So if you do like simulator games then try this one! And also the multiplayer part works very well, very easy to join a game or for friends to join.And with the steam workshop people are adding new things to build or vehicles!Looking for a funny CO-OP game then you have it! :)"
76561198007696606,Recommended,289950,19449301,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,bholze,This game was a little rough when it first came out but with some good patching it has now become a decent game.  It will take a little bit of time invested to get use to all the movements of the equipment and some patients but the playability of the game is worthwhile.  The physics of the game are still a little tough.  Using the fork lift lifting items if not done with some grace can become frustrating to get items onto the flat bed.  Also driving the vehicles for long distances can be challenging.  Other traffic on the road is more of an annoyance than a penalty meaning there are no repercussions for driving straight into a small car at full speed other than the fact you have to get up to speed again.If you’re a farm simulator type of fan then you’ll like this game.  The progression is good as you move through each challenge and get to start to add larger cooler equipment.  The way it’s done it keeps you playing to get that new cool new crane etc…  Overall I give this game a 7 out of 10.  Graphics are a little dated.  Physics can be wonky but over looked if you’re not an OCD sim player.  For the price and the DLCs that are coming out its worth the price and will kill off about 40 to 70 hours of your life before you move onto the next sim game.  Happy Building.
76561198200564358,Recommended,289950,20281388,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,pearlharber71,"Like playing in the dirt with tonka trucks as a kid, love it. wish the modding community would get ahold of this and americanize things for us across the pond."
,Recommended,289950,13925156,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Dr. BadLuck,"Awesome gamealmost realistic controls on machines.FPS control behind wheel is nice, i like it however with controller missing camera movement and its kinda fustrating or i just havent found options for it.One thing that i would love is that oculus would be cheaper and this game supports it. Then FPS driving would be unbelivable!But, i highly recommend this game for ppl who like to do ""things"" with machines, like cranes, trucks, forklifts, escavators etc.ps. sorry for bad english :)"
76561198030526654,Recommended,289950,14235729,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,mobius128,"Not too long ago, I had construction simulator for my iPad and enjoyed it. I only stopped because it crashed on me during an hour long dig, and lost all progress. I also tried playing the previous version of the PC port, but it was total garbage. Didnt handle well, clunky, just not very fun.After reading the mixed reviews on the 2015, I was skeptical, but actually quite pleased. A much more improved game, not without it's glitches, but definitely not game breaking. Also glad to see the mod community, haven't gone through it yet, but I expect good things.10/10 would glitch again"
,Recommended,289950,14256569,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,GrantD458,Fun to play and it's easy to learn how to use all the machinery. Multiplayer is excellent and lag free.Worth Buying
,Recommended,289950,15119186,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jordan,I've played this game and I see that the game is laggy. As for the graphics they are decent but need some work on vehicle speeds. I have also noticed while playing this game that it does have quite a few glitches in it. For example the guy that tells me to back the truck up and connect the trailer doesn't go away even after starting the first task of digging with the excavator. I do like the game and I know I'm going to enjoy many hours of playing it. Would I recommend this to someone else? The answer to that is probably. I think that the only way your going to be able to experience this games full potential and not have any lag or any problems with it is if you have a computer that exceeds the recommended requirements. I have tested this game on four different machines and found that it works best on the machine I'm currently on.
76561198190650043,Recommended,289950,15272754,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,moodidude,lags alot fun game have the 2014 version and love it just cant get into this version because of the lag.when i play my character walks backwards instead of forwards and forwards instead of backwards.
76561198024920171,Recommended,289950,13786444,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Brakkish,"Playing this one with my young son, and we're both getting a kick out of it. The driving is on the arcady side, but you do get to use some cool vehicles, including an excavator, right away. Not the best simulator I've played, but still a lot of fun."
76561198109194082,Recommended,289950,15184942,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Zuisinator,Suprisingly enternaining coop game!
,Recommended,289950,14702605,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,FC BARCELONA,"This game is a good construction simulator. Yes, it has some flaws too it like the steering and it is not too interactive as i thought it would be, but i like it. I can drive machines, earn money, and build my business."
,Recommended,289950,16035859,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ice,Makes me feel like the Cliche Bob The Builder.
76561198170693639,Recommended,289950,19551909,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,thssmith14,Amazing graphicsGreat gameReally good dlcEquipment is really detailedJust a enjoyable gameEasy to get the hang of
76561198168482379,Recommended,289950,19558700,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Browning123,the best game every
76561198111518912,Recommended,289950,20180623,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Iowa hawk,great game
76561198172677245,Recommended,289950,13896629,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,superiorpakfan1997,best construction simulator on the market BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,289950,13119950,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,freid chicken wit ketchap,"Its a fun game and i enjoy it, but there are a few crashes and bug like: small excavator issue when finished diging it chrashes the game, sometimes the physics of the vehicle dont move like the forklift or deposit tipper. Otherwise this game is very good and i give it 9/10 because the crashes and bugs. :-)"
,Recommended,289950,17897784,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,legobrammetje,"FIX YOU GAME, I CLOSES SUDDENLY THE WHOLE TIME. exept that it is a good game"
76561198292074412,Recommended,289950,23627130,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Prezzo,good game bit digging and dumping dont work properly and the lag on mine has mad it unplayable
,Recommended,289950,25571354,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Squishy Bellend,This Game would be 10x better if I had someone to play withWhich one of you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ want to join my company
76561198154675373,Recommended,289950,13709609,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[ACE] FireFox1524,the down fall to this game is the updates are far apart and they dont tell u whats going to be in the update untill it comes out the DEV for this game are slow :( :(  they need to add a place where u can just go and dig and have fun like a sand box with MP and they need to add more to work with like a bulldozer and bobcat and diffrent buckets to buy for the excavator's
76561198123301769,Recommended,289950,13718938,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SwiggitySwooty,"Driving is hard, steering is not fast enough on wheeled vehicles. I slip all over the road when turning on junctions and bends. Physics are a bit on the weird side. Couple of minor bugs that can be fixed. Excavator arm controls are inverted and cannot be sorted in the options menu.HOWEVER, this games scenery, vehicles and buildings are well detailed and it is possible but difficult to complete contracts. I do recommend this game but it needs some work done before I am happy. Overall, fun game, well detailed, physics need to be redone and inverted controls need to have an on/off option in the options menu."
,Recommended,289950,13729203,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,sidfarkus,"It's got buggy physics and it sometimes screws up the game controller input so you have to restart your game but it's still pretty fun.Play it with a kid and you can have them help load/unload dirt, move the cranes around, and drive some trucks.  I do wish there was a bit less 'buy x goods and transport them to the construction site' components to the jobs though.  I'd buy this if you have a kid that's into construction equipment but probably not otherwise."
76561197987007720,Recommended,289950,13736870,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,dude_lmc,"Must have if you like simulation gamesOK, there are still bugs in the game and physics sometimes are a bit ""funny"".BUT......if you like simulation games you'll just love this one.Awaome gameplay, interesting missions, easy to use interface (after you have consulted the manual ;) )I juste played for tw hours so far but am realy looking forward to what comes next."
76561198072356125,Recommended,289950,13763385,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Macedon,"Great game, very addictive."
,Recommended,289950,13768661,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,64BitSkit,"Overall this game is great!+Aweomse constracts+Cool Cars and equipment with lisences from real world companies+Bigish Map+German like all ""good"" simsHowever, with the keyboard this game can be difficult and i prefer to use a controller, however everytime I launch, it appears as though my controlls have reset!"
,Recommended,289950,14952887,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Blaise R. 5V-117 | C-783,"Great game, but I would get it when its on sale."
,Recommended,289950,15776750,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Farmageddon,I'm really diggin' it
76561198081477192,Recommended,289950,16020131,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,DurtyHarry,I like this game but man those are some ugly looking puny trucks and gear.  Shame they did not model after real yellow construction equipment like Caterpillar and Tonka etc.  Fun to play still.
76561198028611660,Recommended,289950,16712650,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,norforce,If you like Construction ths is a great game/sim
76561197968275086,Recommended,289950,16897963,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,TOMARSE,"A bit glitchy in spots but for the ""kids"" (like me) who always wanted that really cool construction toy when they were younger this game will fill the bill, LOL."
76561198049441382,Recommended,289950,16914514,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,J.Bryan,"Needs manual labor, seriously... Loading pallets onto a flatbed, driving to construction site. Unload them, poof done. Wall is built... Eh, needs a little more depth to that... Hand tools, setting foundation, joints, rebar and so on. Just more depth!All in all, it's not a bad game, does get boring at times, aside from the bugs, it's decent. I just wish there was more depth to it. For the most part, it feels like a driving simulator, asides from actually getting to dig with machine, just needs to be more.Also need option to store minerals at your base, there are bunker silo's there that are completely useless."
,Recommended,289950,16935717,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ryan Allspach,"I enjoy this game, it has some bugs but the devs work hard to improve the game.  You should defenatly buy this game; especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,289950,16938996,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Grandpa MizoB,"How to use machinery. That is the question for first 10h, then repeat, repeat, repeat.No change to be creative, just do as told. But still, worth a 10€ I'd say. Good fun (super fun with friends).This is the game you play on those sunday hangover days when you have no reaction time to do FPS."
,Recommended,289950,17059680,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Zeta_Pictoris,"Simply put, you operate a building company, starting with 1 Small Excavator, 1 Trailer to move the excavator, and a flatbed truck.Once you get going, you can purchase new vehicles, and when you do a tutorial mission will unlock, which you can do if you choose, but not mandatory.You start small, and work up and can unlock bigger and better jobs, and eventually, architect jobs.Multiplayer is also included, which can be fun (however you cannot knock your friend over, or bury them with dirt.. maybe they can include this in a future update..) It isn’t limited to friends, you can jump on an open public world, and you will earn cash for doing the jobs, which can be used in your own world.Steam Achievements are also in the game.Controller support looks to be XBOX style, and can be tricky, as I have found, at least for a couple of the vehicles, the game doesn’t understand when you want to use driving controls or tool controls.Overall I would recommend this game to others."
76561197982443012,Recommended,289950,15757570,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Caldwell,Ok so I completely change my review after patch 1.2 has hit.  The game is now much more playable and I have been sinking more time into the game.  The game is not perfect as there are still bugs within but the game is playable and more enjoyable then it was when it was released.  I highly recommend this game and hope for more awesome DLC in the future.
,Recommended,289950,17223475,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,chazr0ck,I've never had so much fun. ever.
76561198087610680,Recommended,289950,17251651,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,SALTY goldnova,okish game but fun!
76561198047418338,Recommended,289950,17281687,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,grybeard,"I am giving this game a thumbs up with reservations.  It is a very fun game as you get to play with construction equipment that you would probably never get to do IRL.  I like the cranes especially, I wish they would put a little more into the animation though.  There are counter weights that should move as you manuver a load to keep it balanced.  There are some clipping issues but they are usually more helpful then a hinderance.The main problem I have is that its fairly intensive on my computer.  I have a AMD Penom II x6 with 16 gig ram and Radeon HD 6800 vid card plus a lot of cooling power.  When I run the game the fans start kicking up, eventually to max speeds.  The longer I play the more evident its creating a heat problem.  If i play long enough it will lock eventually due to heat.  I have turned off the NPC vehicles and pedestrians.  (The NPC vehicles are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ anyhow.  They pull out in front of a loaded low boy barreling down at top speed.)  This helped the heat issues but it is still present.Pros:Cool equipmentDifferent and larger jobsVariety of equipmentCons:Those jobs get repetitve pretty quickComputer working harder then I like"
,Recommended,289950,16481051,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SirGwydion,It's a very fun game. I am still building my company but I love using all the big machines :-)
76561198116719463,Recommended,289950,22760277,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,MootHunterz,great GAME
76561198119301793,Recommended,289950,18259972,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Turtles,i love this Game very good
,Recommended,289950,22670233,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,o.g dan,kool
,Recommended,289950,19368759,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,neddread,"Nice game if you can get it in a sale.First a moan at the community : As soon as someone puts the word SIMULATOR in the title of their game, some people go into an electric spasm about how unrealistic the physics is and how ""when they drove a truck"" it didn't do that. It's fine having that opinion but don't give a perfectly good title bad reviews because of it. Moan over.If you have played the mobile version of this game then this is a much enhanced version. If your a fan of Farming simulators or Euro Truck sims then there is much to please you here as well.Familiar gameplay of take contracts to get money to get new vehicles to get better contracts etc with a big town to drive around in.If you have played these sorts of games before the cooky physics will be familiar e.g getting snagged on lamp posts, trucks flipping over as if on the moon. If your carefull you can avoid these things and get a lot of complex gameplay out of this title.It runs smoothly on my mediocre rig running win7 32xI picked the Gold version up in a sale for £16 which I think is a fair price for the game. Over £20 is pushing it in my opinion as a certain level of polish is needed for games over and above that price.9/10 Having a lot of nerdy fun with this."
,Recommended,289950,16027829,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Thomas,"i'm having a blast with this game!Even more when playing this together with a friend.But way more when playing together and were trying to do a couple of quests and then the game decides its mayhem time. Sandwagons flying around like a squirrel that's being launched with a catapult, when driving a transporter and just infront of the objective i'm getting launched aswell.. couldn't stop laughing next to the wagon that was glitched out vibrating every part of the car.After a quick, leave of the server and restarting it, everything was fine again.Controls: easyGameplay: awsomeBuggs: i just cant life without then any longer. BRING THEM ON!menu systems: love itTutorials and info: Missing a lot of info aswell as in every tutorial but still, If you have a little bit of a brain, there isn't a lot of pain69 - 10Would fly and laugh like a squicky squirrel again!"
76561198142216577,Recommended,289950,19813275,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ozgamer,"i have spent maybe 2 hours in total on this game, i tried playing with a keyboard, and that was just amountable to insanity, because you just cant play this game with a keyboard you need  either a wheel or a controller so i shelled out  79$ for a windows xb1 controller and let me tell you it made me life alot simpler, this game is hard to understand at first but once you get a handle on the controls, what does what etc. it's a great game.so would i recommend this game. yes i would if you like simulators then yep definitely grab this one, with it's mod tools and  full mod support,"
76561198169281608,Recommended,289950,19297818,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,vzariqi,Amazing.
76561198061989643,Recommended,289950,19924194,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,bladzgt5,"I decided toget something different today,i already have FS15 and ETS/ETS2,brilliant games,anyway this is just cause i wanted something different for christmas so i got this,it's highly addictive,a must have if you like building things and construction,plus i got this in the sale so was even better,great value,great game,what more can you say!"
,Recommended,289950,19181967,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Seanster,"Aweome playing with friends, boring playing solo"
76561198101570440,Recommended,289950,18622245,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,blairskarratt.7,need new equitment and bulldozer and proper steam roller and asphalt machine and take away the green line thing to have less money need money to buy things and building sites should pay more and fix steering and digging up roades to put big pipes under then redo roads and wider roads as projets as well and make a base upgrade and wider for a new contract a road traffifc contoler truck that puts out cones and sighns and it can have a arrow pointing wich lane or it has an x say this lanes closed and a rock truck for counstruction
76561198168896490,Recommended,289950,17374004,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,WHO,bon jeux pour passer le temps ne vous decouragez pas trop vite !!!
76561198072556722,Recommended,289950,17464041,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,frederick.fermo,great
76561198054549164,Recommended,289950,15151986,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,flame.,Wouldn't recommend the game
,Recommended,289950,13790421,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Edward S (MilPop14),After many hours of configuring Settings I finally got it to a playable amount of lag..... It is a Pretty decent game now I got it to work but the Vehicle handling isnt great.
,Recommended,289950,13825177,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Gowron,"Fun enough game, but does crash a lot and is rather buggy, controls do work against you somewhat but you do get used to them.  But all in all a decent enough sim which is rather unique, can see them doing a lot more withit, would be nice to actually do the contruction though not just transport stuff around and tow it between four cones."
,Recommended,289950,13814768,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Storming,i liked it
76561197970796649,Recommended,289950,13840591,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TomNewDelhi,"I bought this for something different to play, Im not sure what it is but i get a real sense of acomplishment when i play this, me and 3 others play and its a blast,Solo this game is boring as hell, add a few other players and thats where the fun is.Buggy as hell tho, random ""game disconnects"" when a stage of a build is completed,Cargo just flying off the truck, and i mean flying up in the air,collisions are a bit weird, hitting a vehicle can send your vehicle miles into the air.Not sure when this was released but i definatly needs a patch. if it wasnt so much fun in MP i would have binned it because of the bugs.be warned, great fun but buggy as hell!"
76561197986725436,Recommended,289950,13800251,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fortum,Construction Simulator is an awesome game!
,Recommended,289950,15707551,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Vladimir Putin,Great game but they need to fix camera.
76561197971116716,Recommended,289950,13785593,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Boreas Glacialis,The Game Starts Slow. But who wants everything at the beginning.There could be a bit more on Machines but we will see what the Commuity brings.
,Recommended,289950,20265904,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,The Ghost,"This is a great game! I love it, ive played a ton of hours and not even tired of it! Well worth the money! I even bought it for my friends to enjoy also! And playing online is great also!Here's the first Episode of many showing the game play!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZCPxaZ6EDA"
76561198105392594,Recommended,289950,20886384,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Justin s,fun and cool
76561198120651027,Recommended,289950,28876633,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,WoolieWookie,Highley addictive and extremely funny to play with friends
76561198073229691,Not Recommended,289950,27558487,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Motor Head,"As much as I'd like to recommend this game, in good conscience I just can't.  Here's why:The physics in this game are some of the worst I've seen/played in a very long time. Vehicles slip & slide around as if you were on ice. Forget about trying to back up a lowboy w/excavator as the trailer will just slide along at some weird angle as if some joker welded your fifth wheel in place.For me, this is the main deal breaker. If your going to create a game that involves driving/operating vehicles/heavy equipment, at least have somewhat decent physics to accompany the gameplay. At a certain point, I just took contract's and let my hired workers do the jobs as it was much easier than trying to play C.S. 2015 on ice.The U.I. is poorly thought out and kind of a pain to use. One example is the slider's you grab with your mouse pointer are the thickness of a pencil lead. Why? Why make it extra difficult to navigate the menu's? I don't get it. Not a well thought out design at all.Make sure you save your cofig files regularly! If and when (and this is extremely rare) the game happens to get an update, there is a good chance all your controller settings will be reset to default. I lost all my vehicle settings twice due to updates. This can become especially brutal as your fleet expands as some of the more complex equipment have a ton of controls to configure.The forums for the most part are dead. The last time I logged in, a tumbleweed rolled across my screen. But I will say it is a friendly and helpful community (when someone shows up).As far as M/P goes, I haven't really played much, but I could imagine it would be pretty fun to hook up with some buddies on a locked sever despite the issues I've listed above.If your hell bent on getting this game, buy it on sale. I paid $12.50(U.S.) for the ""Gold Edition"" awhile back when it was on sale and I must be honest here, if I would have paid full price, I would have been VERY disappointed.Final Thoughts: More of a Delivery Simulator than anything else. Gets stale pretty quick.Final Final Thoughts: I would rate this game higher if not for the horrendous physics.Rating: 3/10"
,Recommended,289950,19806606,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,rvrat52,this game is so awesome you should buy it even if you dont like construction games
76561198070066325,Recommended,289950,13733422,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Camh253,"Good fun game to play, time consuming because it has a lot of realism to it. Using the diggers is the wost bit about the game but you only have to do a little bit then you can skip. Controls are a little bit confusing at the start but fine once you get to know them. Finaly the graphics are very good for a simulator, but the physics are what you would expect from this type of simulator."
,Recommended,289950,22867708,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Lorre,So fun and realistic
76561198031217282,Recommended,289950,25190466,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,casperorillian,"I have to recommend this, initially I thought it was just going to be a basic game where you are given 3 or 4 spots per map that you build one thing and move on to the next area, repeat 4 or 5 times. No. This is an open world game, there is a fairly decent areayou can explore and the jobs are plentiful. There is a definate good feeling seeing buildings change as you help build them.As for bugs the only real one I had was when I managed to get the digger stuck into the ground once, fixed by transporting it back to the build site.My only real complaint is the lack of weight, I should not be able to knock over a fully laden skip by hitting it at 3kph in a forklift, however it is this lack of weight that adds some extra odd situations, you havnt lived until you have done hand brake turns on the wrong side of the motorway in a fully laden concrete transporter."
,Recommended,289950,17948956,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,(POC)spino REX,its relly awsome
,Recommended,289950,23981812,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,H@mm€rT!me,Very Good Game 9/10
76561197973616282,Not Recommended,289950,30903348,Posted: 2 April,all,Head Hunter,"I can see great potential for this game if it were not for some issues, control is very bad on this game even when your controller is calibrated right, I use an Xbox controller. When driving any vehicle you are constantly trying to keep it from wandering all over the place say driving a truck from point A to point B, I found it so agravating. When operating machinery say the forklift it would shake when trying to load something onto the truck, I do like the graffics and the game does run on my older quad 4 copro 2.5Ghz and my 2g video card with 8G mem. onboard. Game is gliching at some job sites. Why is it that all the equipment is parked in such a way that when you log out of the game and come back to it later that the equipment has to be restarted IE: trailer needs the legs have to be retracted, concrete pumper has to be setup again at the job site.Just my observation on the game."
76561198307882373,Not Recommended,289950,24382166,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,DRIFT EASY GAMING,Found it hard to change the controlls to how I wanted them and video Quality was also poor.
76561198128916535,Recommended,289950,13220092,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Farmer josh3 Modding,best construction simulator ever
,Recommended,289950,12999844,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Skeeveo - konitchiwa,my excavator flew away10/10
,Recommended,289950,13251703,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Lemon,"I would say that, this is a good game for the experience that the developers have."
,Not Recommended,289950,28661670,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bas,"very bad phisics, too much effort needed to do simple task. I mean it's not like difficult mission, but how hard can game devs and engine can make a task to take one pipe from point A and deliver it to point B.Payed for this game, now I have to uninstall it. Strongly unrecomended for people who enjoy economic and managment simulators."
76561198154041397,Not Recommended,289950,14668910,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,pauliec74656,"I had high hopes for this game, but sadly have come away bitterly disappointed. The game is laggy and the physics, as mentioned in other reviews, are atrocious.There's no construction taking place...it seems to be more of a move things from one place to another simulator.Re-setting vehicles that are loaded forces you to lose the cargo and then having to spend the better part of an hour trying to pick it up again.All in all, very frustrating and not worth the price I paid for it. I'll be uninstalling and not returning."
,Not Recommended,289950,13048644,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kalinka,"Save your money and time i've spent 5 hours playng this game and it is a complete bug festival sometimes when you integrate to city there is a bug that makes you rebuy the homebase at city. if you want bugs you should attempt to load the small excavator back on the small trailer because the small excavator will fly out of it and when it does you can hit backspace to reset to cause serious glitches. in my 1st play session i've had the default truck's bed glitch causing me to fly to space if i attempt to jump on it, this game has a lot of game breaking bugs sutch as the cargo you load on to the truck to get stuck in it causing me to waste a lot of time to get it off it because i don't want to waste anymore time driving back to the material dealer to use the forklift or crane to load all that cargo again.most guys who vote positive might not have played long as i do. also the physics is garbage and the graphics are basic with HDR and the game causes my laptop to overheat a lot. there is so many bugs in this game that i think you should not buy this game.The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,289950,13238633,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Cpl_Robinson,Someone finally made a good constuction sim.   9/10
76561198021383222,Not Recommended,289950,19947974,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,blackserpent666,"This game will better be titled as ""ConstructionCrane Simulator 2015"".In this construction simulator, You don't actually get build anyhing! Seriously! Not even laying down a single brick.Imagine if you were playing Portal, except that:-you don't have a portal gun.-you never even walk thru a portal.-you don't even get to see a portal.However,-You still get to walk in all the levels, and by walking I mean driving trucks and excavators.-You get to place the turrets using a crane.-The cake is still a lieAnd, There are some other stuff you do get to do:-Dig using an excavator-Drive a steam-roller-Cranes.That by itself is not so bad. The reason I'm giving this a thumbs-down is because of the trailer, which is extremely misleading."
76561198160240749,Recommended,289950,16085164,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Mattoo213,I love the game but some music in the title screen would be nice .PS great graphics and physics THANKS!!!!!!!!!!
76561198262518365,Recommended,289950,21426952,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Brentura,good game
76561198201659751,Recommended,289950,17570355,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,bugaga.boom.boys,"i like this game but now it won`t start,is stays on 100% loading"
,Recommended,289950,17639021,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Black  pearl,awesome I  recommend
,Recommended,289950,20116667,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,russy p,at first was not entertaining  the idea intill now very good p;
,Recommended,289950,21787237,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Jeepin' Jake,"Before I had done a review at 4 hours before I even really knew how to play the game. So I revised the review.Edited:ProsLots of cool equipment to play on!feel like your a powerful construction bussiness(wo)manEnjoy the scenic views while loading for hours on end and then repeating loading the same♥♥♥♥♥♥OVER AND OVERConsNot a lot of creativity/imaginiation involved.Repeat and repeat and repeat the same thing over and over.Hire workers that show you up cause they work so fast and make you feel like your a chumpIs that really a con up above?maybe....Good game for price, if you enjoy simulator type of games. But its more of a company sim than a construciton sim while it is a construction bussiness you are simulating do not expect to actually have freedom to do what you want to in the game like I assumed you'd be able to design and build stuff for clients but, it is still very good for what it is. I just assumed it was something it clearly isn't and the fact that you can just hire workers to do everything further proves the point that its just a bussiness simulator of a construction company. But a good one! And like I state earlier it is still a construction game just not much imagination in the game or creativity is used sure you load stuff but that is boring after about 2 crates for me! The only part of this game I truly enjoy is digging with the excavator and for that I really am giving this a thumbs up. But to each his own I do still see other aspects of the game that make it worth while."
,Recommended,289950,21778871,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TC D3ADMAN,very fun game would recommend this game to people who like simulator type of games
,Recommended,289950,13006742,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,/ kurp /,"not a bad game, but takes forever to complete and people just muck around mostlybut still good"
76561198029418447,Recommended,289950,20741394,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Wat3rdog,great excavator controlsgreat physicsgreat dirt physics as wellworth every penny
,Recommended,289950,20816503,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,TundraWolf42,"I really love this game. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys building games. I admit that at times it feels like ""transport sim 2015"", but it is an awesome game. Though you dont get to do some of the construction yourself, you get to use alot of the construction equipment found in real life. So far im about 34 hours into the game and I still enjoy playing it. So if your looking for a good simulation game or just have some extra money lying around, you should definatly download this game and get the gold edition. Makes this game even better for the simulation lover.Thanks for reading and let WSI wish you a positive future.-WhiteStoneIndustries-"
,Recommended,289950,20598224,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Uknowmejs,How do I return games on steam?
,Not Recommended,289950,25743337,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Rich,Not the best game ever made controls are quite confusing and the missions arnt that clear nore is the menu
76561198085935655,Recommended,289950,24436781,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,JohnyMcFace,"Best Laugh I've had in a while (In the multiplayer.) 10 outta 10, would not buy again because i already have the game already, but would recomend!"
76561198101262847,Recommended,289950,20799287,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,samcgraw32,"Amazing game. Fun to play, realistic controls and excellent customer support. Fun missions and good camera views and angles"
,Recommended,289950,20823478,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,SuperMarkGuy,"Really good game, however dlc makes some online games difficult to play"
,Recommended,289950,20348376,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,{HB} Android D Rex,"Fantastic Game!My best advice would be to make sure you do the initial tutorial so you understand the basics of the game.Multiplayer is a blast and the single player player profile seems to merge into the multiplayer world, which is extremely handy.10/10 would build again."
76561198054193149,Recommended,289950,23212005,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,jdude24,Love the ability to realisticly dig holes in the ground.
76561197993770655,Recommended,289950,20641528,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,PvtStash,"Has a couple of bugs but so does everything, overall good fun. Multiplayer so far is pretty good also, been enjoying digging holes in the wrong place and delivering stuff to the wrong place. Just like real life, and I'm usually late to. :)"
76561198154054358,Recommended,289950,20568792,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,[S.PLH] зто~Ыаzегiпо~каррагiпо~,"Despite the AI, at times, being worser than ETS2 - it is a really fun, enjoyable and challenging game. 11/10 for the funny bugs XD"
76561198124796573,Recommended,289950,13430751,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,JawBreaker,I think that there should be a Bull Dozer put in cuz i dont like taking the dirt anywhere i just leave it at the site and it just get in the way if I had a Dozer I could just move the dirt right out the way to the wall.
,Not Recommended,289950,30909023,Posted: 2 April,all,Pr0n,absolutely unusable controls. Machines constantly getting stuck due to bad physics engine. refunded.
76561198084102391,Recommended,289950,31795559,Posted: 16 May,all,agrimes,"I have to give this a CONDITIONAL recommendation. The game is OK. I'd definitely reccommend it to the under 14 crowd.However, mature players will probably feel a bit constrained in this game. This is much more a transport sim than a construction sim, I would say it's 80% transport, 10% digging 10% 10% pouring concrete with a little management sprinkled in.Multiplayer is kinda weird because a bunch of people show up and play your game ofr you and you're like =\ You do have to do a little cat-herding when playing multiplayer but it's kinda weird.As for gameplay, the game is 95% grind with a sprinkling of management mixed in, you are given a choice of a few contracts, and you need to decide which vehicles to buy when..  There is a little bit of a puzzle aspect, the problem being how many parcels can you load on your truck to minimize the number of trips you need to make, or how to optimize how you service your contracts to make a bit more prophet (sic).There's not as much of a satisfaction from building angle in this game as I had hoped because the game will silentl remove stuff you built so that you can build it again. The contracts don't differentiate between new builds and re-builds or re-development. It would be better if you could methodically select only ""new development"" contracts to build out ur town as much as you could, as efficiently as possible, but that's not really provided for. The game also has several castles as background props that you can't even approach much less do contracts at. =\"
76561198083377131,Recommended,289950,28926591,Posted: 1 January,all,shmup32,"Very nice, well polished and balanced. And runs fairly well in an older computer!I have not found any bugs and the physics seem to be quite solid.But if you want to kill pedestrians and destroy random things, look elsewhere..."
,Not Recommended,289950,13064847,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,FURHAVENBURGER,"At this time, I Can NOT recomend it. For a full priced game, way way way too many bugs and issues. Im wondering if this is a tablet game ported to pc. A fantastic idea for a game, and lots of effort went into it, but this needs to be early release for a few months ( to fix the issues with gameplay and optimization) at a discount price before this was full released.DO NOT BUY IF YOU DONT OWN A XBOX CONTROLER!!!!!!!!!!The controls for heavy equpiment isnt keyboard friendly to begin with, but controls are a bit buggie in game. Just not a fun time without a controler. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.Currently, even with the new update, for NVIDA cards, this game is very laggy. Everything set to low/off, with 8 gigs of ram and an NVIDA card with nice 3D, I cant get more than 15fps.BUT.... I will re-write this in a few weeks. I want to love this game so very badly. There lots of fun to be had, and effort was actually put into this game. Time will tell for this one."
76561198167333267,Recommended,289950,23996875,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,psjbeech,not to bad of a game worth a buy when on sale
,Recommended,289950,35230711,Posted: 26 September,all,Dagi,Multiplayer prove that this is a true construction simulator! 1 player builds stuff 3 watches him working! 5/5
,Recommended,289950,23998336,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,kptncook,"Ever wanted to haul a load of dirt at 150 km/h? If you answered ""I already have in real life"" then your probably a construction worker.For the rest of you, heres your chance!!!"
76561198114194237,Not Recommended,289950,32769958,Posted: 25 June,all,kreifel1986,"Wish I could get my money back. Terrible movement, very choppy, and the directions on tasks you need to do and how to do them is awful. If you don't see how/where you're supposed to do something, you won't be able to find it again. Got as far as being told the ""outriggers"" needed to be dealt with, and couldn't figure out what they were talking about. Didn't see any outriggers, and the game certainly didn't give any hints. Couldn't even talk to the guy that's supposed to be the trainer. Waste of money, I say."
,Recommended,289950,28708155,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kenneth,"+ Graphics+ Physics+ Lots of content+ Multiplayer that actually works without issues+ Surprisingly good DLC+/- Controls, steering wheel hard to setup- Tutorial is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ better to just play the game and learn as you go"
76561198143230193,Recommended,289950,32605391,Posted: 20 June,all,ernest1783,A very good sim
76561198084223174,Recommended,289950,13556772,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,shiny-brownes,my favorite game in the world and more machinery please
76561198159201345,Recommended,289950,13008067,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Slivinski71,"I like the concept of the game, but I'm unable to continue out of the tutorial due to a bug or glitch with the digging excavator at the beggining. Won't let me extract the riggers. Anybody have any ideas?"
,Recommended,289950,33159311,Posted: 2 July,all,acdellow,A AWESOME GAME! I RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO EVERYONE!
76561198096415658,Recommended,289950,13483707,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Cameron,"This game is great. I love the ""story"" of the game. Recomended"
76561198182649498,Not Recommended,289950,20520655,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Kyle10kms,this gets boring fast
76561198020011477,Not Recommended,289950,20669640,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,chrisj1019,"bad graphics,horrible control ,want refund"
,Not Recommended,289950,21061628,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,#diyMATT,"Cumbersome controls, dated graphics.  I feel like I bought this from a bargin bin at the mall from 2012.Just terrible."
76561198154706165,Not Recommended,289950,20366692,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ewayne00,this game is the wrose game i ever played. i've played better simulations then this
76561198201169067,Not Recommended,289950,24681590,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,joshlindsey94,glitches alot
76561198069993411,Recommended,289950,33026378,Posted: 30 June,all,Furrytime,really good game more than i expected really fun with a friend.A really ood single player and really fun buy you have to like the type of game that this is.Also isnt a real sim more a arcade sim.
76561198258600872,Not Recommended,289950,21636644,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,sarahjwild93,"Very bad glitching, so bad you cant move without crashing or flipping your truck over. Wish I never wasted my money on this game."
,Recommended,289950,15930153,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Deaf3279,"I have play old game called ""construction simulator"" many time. and they sucks. I don't know why I just go ahead with buy this game. I hate all old game same kind of this game...BUT! this one Construction Simulator 2015. Is fun game! I just enjoy and easy to learn how to control. And it's truly  enjoyable game."
76561197976939633,Not Recommended,289950,22099030,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,MadMonkey,"Delivery Driver 2015Seriously, I've played for like 8 hours (work laptop) and still haven't constructed anything. All you do is drive truckloads of crap from one place to another, and maybe use a crane to put it where it's supposed to be or do some digging with an excavator. Then a building magically appears."
76561197996620027,Recommended,289950,32957040,Posted: 28 June,all,smellydirt,broken but fun
76561198062200996,Recommended,289950,29510532,Posted: 26 January,all,week_link2010,really addicting game! cant stop playing it!
76561198066435762,Not Recommended,289950,24365080,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,WOODISGOOD1,the game has it ups and downs but my problem with the game is that when i get in my truck my car alarm goes off the hole time im in the truck but i wish i could get my money backfor this broken game
,Not Recommended,289950,20542434,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Space Pirate Ninja,There is a major bug that makes the game unplayable at the monment
76561198273696620,Recommended,289950,20409905,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,septicrabitt,its awesome
76561198001325367,Not Recommended,289950,20257237,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,lahoward,Way too much driving I already have Euro Truck Simulator and that works perfectly fine. The controls and graphics are much improved from const sims of past but the driving involved should be optional (hire driver).
,Recommended,289950,16033805,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Jemery Mailman,Like Skyrim with fork lifts.10/10
76561198285929460,Recommended,289950,29355640,Posted: 19 January,all,[MLG]Ezikkiel,Good for sim fans like me but controls are a bit of a nightmare sometimes.
76561198030851516,Not Recommended,289950,25156122,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,scottkoblack,"Awful.  It's mission-oriented so, you don't get to just go play with the equipment.  The manual is a joke and a bad joke at that.  The contracts give only partial information.  You get to the location expecting to find an article and it's not there.  Locations you need to go to aren't even shown on the map."
76561198030758769,Recommended,289950,17286181,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mike,"I will admit that I love simulator games. I heard this one was very buggy when it was first released. I found some youtube videos by people who enjoy this genre. While striking up a conversation with one of them, he did say stay away until the bugs were fixed. By the time the big Christmas Sale was happening, he did get back to me that a few patches were released and the game was playing much much better. Plus; the game was 75% off and is a good buy. I bought and I'm glad I did. Granted, this isn't a game that you will play and notice where all the time went. I usually do one construction project, then quit. Each project can take a long time unless you're simply just picking up a dumpster and moving it to the location specified in the ""work order."" Some of the work orders are repetitive but I really love the trucks.You work for a construction company and you can buy equipment as well as pick up equipment such as flowerbeds. You can operate the forklift to get the flowerbeds and drive the crane onto the trailer. I love how you can drive to the places to pick up equipment.The ""city"" is nice eyecandy and is fairly large. I haven't spent as much time on this game as I've been playing Cities Skylines more :)All in all, before boring you with a long review; if you love simulator games; you'll like this game. They seem to add free DLC and expansions.My system hasn't been taxed by this game. My video card is quiet as well as my heat sink. Some of my system's parts:-i7-3770k-CM Hyper 212+ heatsink16GB ddr3780GTX MSI Gamer's EditionWindows 7 (awaiting the ok from MS for Windows 10)"
,Recommended,289950,35231743,Posted: 26 September,all,Sammy-D,"A fun game, sarts to become redundent but then adds workers and such. So Far, I Like it"
76561198321447896,Recommended,289950,25473561,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,yeliabnai,my game keep cashing
76561198288910534,Recommended,289950,24670408,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,chevymom3,"I LIKE THIS GAME, BUT I MADE A SAVE GAME OR PROFILE AND I BOUGHT A HOLE BUNCH OF TRUCKS AND MACHINERY AND I GO INTO MY GAME TODAY AND THAT PROFILE IS GONE!!!! WHAT HAPPENED??"
,Not Recommended,289950,21899812,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Anomonny,"I have played this for around 30+ hours, and it is quite fun operating machines.I have come to the conclusion.If you like playing with machines, then it is the game for you.But If you are looking to play a real construction game, this is not the game for you. why? it is because...All of stuff you can played with are the vehicles and cranes, you can walk around with your character but do nothing to the sites, which is quite sad.I think it should be named ""Contruction Vehicles Simulator"". The title is really misleading, so I feel dissapointed for what I get. I mean, the game itself is okay, not that bad, but I didn't get to play with planning and laying bricks or installing detailed stuff at all, it is all operating machines.Hope this help."
,Not Recommended,289950,22114005,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Smh369,"Please, do yourself a favor and do not waste money on this. I started playing this, and thought okay this might be enjoyable. Then I realized how boring and repetitive this is. Do not waste your money!"
,Not Recommended,289950,21946641,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,diermada,"12 hours in. I'm in the city now, saving up to buy my concrete mixer and pump. 2.5 hours of intense scrambling with forklifts and the frustratingly slow crane-flatbed truck. My new foreman and employee are working circles around me. So close to being able to buy both new tools - as they are required for new jobs - and ... 2.5 hour financial cycle closes and I'm back to zero.Puts down mouse - puts down controller - and closes game.Suddenly it dawns on me - I'm sure the creators of this game thought that it would be a good idea to force players to spend their money - to add intensity to the game. But if I can't save money - what's the point?Too late for refund."
76561198036174491,Not Recommended,289950,25567426,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,JF,"Sort of Fun, Hardly a building simulator though, all you seem to do is drive or use quick travel to visit different places pick up different materials then drive to site drop them off do some digging and the project is complete.... I sort of expected to be digging, knocking up concrete, cutting timber for the roof, screeding, plumbing, groundworks, a bit of everything but all you get is to do is drive and drop off stuff.... Oh and the controls will take some getting used to. The title of the game should be Construction delivery driver.Avoid this game unless you really got nothing better to do, Saying that I got nothing better to do."
76561198111299727,Recommended,289950,21556907,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,mudslinger,Where's the reset? Everytime I crash and become immobilized I have to restart the game? Come on.
76561198106330257,Recommended,289950,21684860,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,itsbadboll360,its a good simulator
76561198284561200,Not Recommended,289950,21308688,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,tristan4318,Did not work correctly
76561198303676036,Not Recommended,289950,22919462,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Blackhawksouthdakota,sucks because it lags the characters run backwards when you want the character to run forward unable to purchase other pieces of machinery
76561198048048796,Recommended,289950,26134609,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,kierankent,good game
,Recommended,289950,28892017,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zuba,"YO ♥♥♥♥ THIS GOD DAMN GAME ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IT GET MONEY, I FEEL LIKE I SHOULDN'T BE PLAYING THIS CUZ IM TOO ANAL ON HOW IT SHORT CUTS EVERYTHING COMPARING TO REAL LIFE. 9/11 WOULD PLAY AGAIN THO"
76561198348292840,Recommended,289950,28252403,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,dylan.sullivan16,"can you please fix the bug that stops you from using 2 joy sticks , it was working fine and no matter how i try to get thm both working it doesnt work. its not fair plese fix it"
76561198253718747,Recommended,289950,28882824,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Gabe4121,SUPPA FUN GAME TO PLAY WILL LAG WITH SLOW PC THO DOWNLOAD TODAY
,Not Recommended,289950,22256419,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Coward Warrior,Nice but it needs day night change and it needs more reality graphichs
,Recommended,289950,24001454,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Grindarius™,First thought this game is gonna be bad according to the Bau-Simulator game that is the same type of this game in germanBut the real stuff is>Quest tells me to get some pallet materials>On a flatbed truck with an excavator cus I'm such a jerk forgetting that there's a rental forklift>Bought materials>Take down the excavator and lift stuffs up the truck>Drive out>Tryna dump out the pallet stuffs like the earth but no successful>Excavator do the job again>I'm such a good foreman>Don't quite understand what is a 'marked area'>Put stuffs on ground>Nothing happened to the quest>Put stuffs on the house's floor>Nothing happened>Cancel quest>I'm such a bad foreman10/10
,Recommended,289950,32609844,Posted: 20 June,all,casey_speaks,Great Game
76561198137771917,Recommended,289950,31863769,Posted: 20 May,all,11jao11,"I love this game. It's not perfect, but it allows me to play with all the cool big construction machines. What is even cooler is that this game still gets bug fixes and new DLC's!"
76561198197197990,Recommended,289950,22980740,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,chuyins_79,todo esta excelente me fascina el juego ya que tiene demasiadas misiones con excelente graficas y movimientoslo recomiendo ampliamentetengo una duda solamente quiero jugar en otro equipo para tenerlo y poder seguir jugando como instalo este juego ??tengo que volver a pagar ?
76561198130562680,Recommended,289950,23128796,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Pecan,"This is a great game but it takes a while to develop fully and sometimes doesn't explain itself very well.  Like Farming Simulator this is a vehicle-based where driving big machines is the thing.  In Construction Simulator, however, the wolrd is bigger, better and offers more things to do.  In the beginning you'll spend most of your time collecting and delivering building materials and not, apparently, doing much construction (which happens automatically as you deliver the required materials).  As you buy more vehicles you spend more time on building-related work on bigger - and more lucrative - projects.  Be warned; some of the vehicles have a lot of controls and it can take a bit of practice to use them smoothly.Example early mission: deliver 2 pallets of bricks - involves driving a truck to the supplier, loading truck with forklift, driving to construction site, unloading truck with ... oh, you'll need to bring your excavator if you don't have a crane.  So that needs to be loaded on a trailer and towed to the site too.  Or you can miss the point completely and drive a forklift slowly all over the map.Example late mission: build a block of flats - briefly involves taking a roller to the site to prepare the ground, lifting pipes and materials into position with a tower crane, drilling holes for foundations, getting concrete from the quarry, pouring concrete foundations, getting pre-fabricated walls from the factory, lifting them into place, pouring more concrete, delivering more supplies, lifting lots more stuff, digging holes, taking spoil back to the quarry and landscaping with some plants from the nursery.  There are quite a few other places you might have to visit too.Traffic AI is not bad, but with 'very high' number of cars around expect to get caught-up in traffic jams quite a lot.  There are also a couple of issues with the physics in that a) a lot of vehicles seem to have almost no traction, b) excavating is fairly restricted.  Neither of these is a game-breaker if you like these types of games."
76561198083372877,Not Recommended,289950,23302088,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Remaggib,"Game was fun for a few hours but once you hire a worker it's so easy to make money it's ridiculous. Already have way more money than I can ever use, have all implements, and have doubles of several things.Game is cool if you like construction or operating big machinery (tower crane, mobile crane, cement pump). Map is a decent size, it can take a few minutes to drive across the entire city.Problems though, driving or operating a digger is goofy, controls are pretty wonky and backwards to what you'd expect them to be. Many times I'm pressing 4 buttons at the same time just to get things set up or trying to get them to work smoothly. Physics are not quite right, on a slight hill my trailer slides around and my implements fall off trailers. If you hit a stop sign or other sign you can stop immediately, go flying, send the sign flying, sometimes all of the above. I can have 2 jobs going at the same time but can only warp to 1 of the job sites, the other I have to drive to. The waypoint on the map changes if you click the 2nd job (even just to send a worker there).And then the punishing of thinking ahead. I will go through the list of items I will need in future steps of a job, and put them all on a trailer. Once part of a job is done my trailer will spawn back at my base, as will all the items I spent a bunch of time on to get on the trailer.Looking back, I wish I had saved my $15."
76561198059561821,Recommended,289950,24693249,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,stinkie,the best simulator i have played until now
76561197966057317,Recommended,289950,28214213,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Glock232,"With almost 100 hours played, this game is great.  Theres a ton of heavy equipment to use and missions to follow.  You can't get bored with this game.  Theres way too much to do, you could take a break from running missions and do some multiplayer, or try some new vehicles out with stuff from the Steam Workshop.  The graphics are very good, theres a few bugs / glitches but nothing that makes the game unplayable.Buy this game!"
,Recommended,289950,28071986,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Shoot,Biraz daha geliştirilirse çok süper bir oyun olacak. 2014 sürümüne oranla çok fazla gelişme yok. Gerçekçi olması için biraz daha uğraşılmalı. Bazı bölümler çok sıkıcı olabiliyor. Gereksiz uzunlukta olan bölümler var. Yük ağırlıkları gerçekçi değil.
76561198153095415,Recommended,289950,33664175,Posted: 19 July,all,BlueDon777,This game is a great game for building you use cool machines to help build your sky scraper or house. You do have to make a few arrends to get your supplies but when you use machines its a blast!! this game is a good game to get if your into construction. So get this game!!!
76561198012416624,Recommended,289950,31064158,Posted: 10 April,all,[MotU] Mr.Grimm,time passer
,Not Recommended,289950,35283039,Posted: 28 September,all,St33lD13hl,"Trials in frustration. Keyboard bindings are a pain when they only show you some of them on-screen during the tutorials. The others you have to figure out yourself (it never mentions having to hold SHIFT when pressing e or q for some of the actions, I just got lucky). The game also displays gamepad bindings...but the gamepads don't work. My steam controller just beep-bo-bop'd while I tried to play in Big Screen mode. Like it was trapped in some invisible interface.After messing around (trying to follow the tutorial mission), I hit a game-stopping bug which would have required deleting my game and starting over. No way! refunded."
,Not Recommended,289950,31645343,Posted: 9 May,all,🐾Rare The Dutchie🐾,"it isnt a good quality like they show, overall i hated th egame and returned it, its very complicated to try to move arround and even just move your vehicle, it overall isnt a good game graphics are crapthe advertisemen tlooks bnetter then the game really is"
,Not Recommended,289950,31795082,Posted: 16 May,all,richardpimp,bad graphics. game play feels very weird. doesnt really feel realistic
,Not Recommended,289950,28047200,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sorten_Ravn[DK],"As much as i would love to recomend this gameI simply can'tAnd here's why.To hell with graphics, the controls/keys are what really did it for meI did not even pass the intro mission, and already i dislike this game.The controls are well.. Clunky (to say the least)From the simply (would you think) 3rd person character moving around, to trying to move a trailer (or tracked  vehicles ) everything seems clunky.And if you dont got patience like god himself, then you end up smashing your keyboard..I want my money back, this is NOT a (pc) playable game"
76561197967942268,Not Recommended,289950,13089173,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,w00ty,"There isn't a whole lot to this game. The landscape is very nice, cars react to your driving. Also the interface, for the most part is nice. That said, it lacks in many perspectives. Mainly, keeping an avid gamers attention when there are many other new games out there. I love building games in general, I just feel this falls flat. You have to transport pallets of various 'types', though they are mostly the same general shape with little variance. You dig with a somewhat buggy excavator shovel. ( you have to dig just right or you'll be sitting there all day). Also, vehicles get stuck on tiny mounds of dirt. I'm not sure how else to put it, with trucks having wheels this large, what gives? There is a very convenient reset button, backspace, which will transport you to the last road you were on. It seems the developers themselves didn't have faith in their game. You can also pour concrete, yippy. The first mission I did I couldn't even fill the whole mold because I didn't have a pumper vehicle. Hiring employees basically lets you gain money but little to no exp, and there is no watching them. It's done in the backend system. The leveling system somewhat lacks, only a handful of key levels unlock anything important. such as. another worker (yippy), another foreman to do more jobs, etc..So that's a few sarcastic 'yippy's to only a couple hoorays. Don't buy this until it's at least on (very cheap) sale. It may be worth it at a few bucks though."
76561198119326730,Not Recommended,289950,28630075,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,tritium7,"If you are playing from a PC without a controller of any sort, be prepared for a world of pain and frustration.   The keyboard hot keys are either selected horribly wrong or just do not work at all.    (Designers, please send a fix ASAP).    Otherwise, the graphics and game play appears great."
,Recommended,289950,32958619,Posted: 28 June,all,ム,10/10 (pls fix)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVHoVjn3PJw&feature=youtu.be
76561198091103208,Not Recommended,289950,16028001,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,1B-15-FirelFox,"Hello Whoever is Reading  this Review.Here Are The Following info that you want to seee or hear.BAD PARTS""1:Bugs up the A$$  There are so many bugs its almost unplayable.2:online is nice but some times it crashes.3:Scripts Are Cheap for the AI4:Sound Drop on machines5:Cant drive over small holes etcTHE GAME NEEDS WORK.GOOD PARTS""1:Lots of  fun with the machines2:Not easy to drive but its funBUT AT THE MOMENT I CAN  NOT RECCOMEND THIS GAME TO ANYONE TILL THE BUGS ARE FIXED."
,Not Recommended,289950,32894144,Posted: 27 June,all,Tenevie,"Watch it, doesn't run on all cpu's. :( sadly"
76561198080378044,Not Recommended,289950,31517727,Posted: 2 May,all,shanemcc45,Not Compatible with joystick or yokes. Have tried Multiple Joysticks and yokes. Great if you want to play on a keyboard and have your fingers smushed together. Evrytime I go to change somwthing In the button Configureation it freaks out one me. Try to click it to change a button and it scrolls up and select a button over and over no mater what you try to do. Makes me sad and mad that i sent my money on this game and cant even use my controlers with it. :(
76561197972400662,Recommended,289950,31346511,Posted: 24 April,all,Dobum,With this game I learned how to operate a real excavator.
,Not Recommended,289950,19190724,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,★ GiantAxe,"good idea, but the gameplay is no so good. its i bit laggy and not worth all that money, i bought the gold edition. its not worth 25 euros, more like 5-10 euros."
76561198236476616,Recommended,289950,25073381,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,fahrel,the game is very cool
76561198079290349,Not Recommended,289950,24363186,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Masterpre™,horrible
76561198012503046,Not Recommended,289950,13768178,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,RagerH,"DONT BUY THIS!!!I usually dont expect much from these sim games, because its the same thing over and over, with a few  new features each year.But this!!, even the simple things, which the game is based upon, doesnt work. Its buggy is an understatement.How could it even be released in this state. The company should be ashamedPlease Just add  ""in Alpha"" tag to this game and give everyone their money back. Go back, sort your♥♥♥♥♥♥outand then release it"
,Not Recommended,289950,15613413,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Hiddensquid_,"This game has a good base, it’s fun with a friend, and has the possibilities of being good.Needs lots of bug and game updates for collision and physics, along with visuals."
,Not Recommended,289950,23995477,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,reidar,"I like all sorts of simulators and I had high hopes for this one. However there's a lot of room for improvement. Missions are rather boring and repetitive, physics engine is somewhat like out of Looney Tunes. If you crash into a traffic sign it shoots straight up vertically and your truck grinds to an immediate halt, your excavator flies across the plot sometimes if pull the bucket too close to it."
,Not Recommended,289950,19575402,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Abiddon,I have read alot about this game and i though it was legit but i ran into a bug in the beginging of the game and i could not play the game at all. May not be in all games but i dont suggest you waste your time on this on....quite sad about it though
76561198085704432,Not Recommended,289950,17601521,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Aaron T,Bought this game and within 30 mins requested a refund. I found the controls hard to get to grips with and even when I turned the graphics to the minimum my gameplay was still lagging even though my computer meets the minimum requirements.Overall I wouldn't recomend this game although the trailer does make the game look quite good.
76561198208119408,Recommended,289950,24601601,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,pompeystarlord2005,CRAP
76561198110563506,Not Recommended,289950,24193016,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,lastshadow1950,"unlike any previous version of this game, it is not easy to navigate nor control. Most of what was used for contolling the action has been changed and it makes the game difficult to manage, let alone enjoy. Would not recommend this game to anyone who has had the previous version."
76561198014868396,Recommended,289950,33085459,Posted: 1 July,all,FalkonBlade,Great! Good time waster.
,Recommended,289950,23809992,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,alex9982,"I bought this game hoping that it would be a great simulator game, and it is! I would definitely recommend this game to all buyers."
76561198082957894,Not Recommended,289950,19221808,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,camron.curtis,its lags so much i mean i had the euro truck simulator and that never lagged so whys does this one such a let down because i really like simulators as well can anyone help
76561198261865601,Not Recommended,289950,19371159,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,jhsmith.10.10,Really laggy if I want to walk forward it takes me backwards
,Not Recommended,289950,19492782,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,piearson,"Very hard to evaluate this game. Half of it is good and the other half is very, very bad. The part where you get to use all the machinery is very well realised. Digging, loading / unloading ... it gets bad very fast when you actually drive around. The physic dynamic is all wrong. No damages to vehicles, buildings, everything... You can run over pedestrians, you actualy pass through them. The items loaded on a truck look very light, the fall of the truck as soon as there is a small bumb or something. This game has a lot of potential. I hope they correct stuff in it. I cannot recommand this uncomplete game, sorry."
76561198271320822,Not Recommended,289950,21818774,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,kevsgraphicdesign,too bad
,Recommended,289950,20520664,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Michael82476,"I was not expecting a game quite like this. This game is very realistic and gives you over hundreds of hours of gameplay. I couldn't thank astragon enough for making this game so well and fun. If you have not purchased this awesome game, but it now! You won't regret it."
76561198063313936,Not Recommended,289950,16686842,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,angryginger00,"I'm a avid simulator fan and this is a very disappointing game.1.)Controls are all over the place.  Or the controls that are assigned to key's are non responsive when attempting to complete a task.2.)When attempting to work on a ""project"" I find that I'm continually having to go back into the menu and looking up the project I'm working on because it's not the first thing that pops up in the menue screen.  thus I don't find the user interface to be friendly at all.3.)This game honestly is not ready for release yet.  This is a perfect example of go home and try it again."
76561197971241701,Not Recommended,289950,16039100,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Gizzy,"I'd like to review it, but it keeps crashing on me.What little I've seen is mediocre."
76561198079948245,Not Recommended,289950,16039672,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,tunadude1,"i am furiousit does not work? why? when i start the game the camera keeps turning to the right - i cant stop itwhen i get in a truck, it goes in reverse - i cant stop itwhy is this happening?until i figure out why, i will not be recommending this game"
,Not Recommended,289950,16977680,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,TheBubbaK1ng,Its boring and lagy
76561198170040354,Not Recommended,289950,17237440,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dai,"Game is constantly lagging so i have not been able to play it properly. This is happening to loads of people, not just me!!!"
76561198213259277,Not Recommended,289950,20121993,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MattDiss23,My game was to laggy to even play.
76561198167891602,Recommended,289950,21808813,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,AlpineMaXz,"I would definitely recommend this game if you like construction, however buying all of the current dlc will make the gaming expeireince much better."
76561198004564907,Not Recommended,289950,32747685,Posted: 24 June,all,TehFlash,Pretty damn bad.
76561198044586034,Not Recommended,289950,21245342,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,rob281016,"This Game is Clunky and Doesn't Work as expected on a machine that runs games like GW2, Assassin's creed Black flag, 7 days to die, and many other more taxing games."
76561198282588662,Recommended,289950,29963589,Posted: 16 February,all,BronzeTalos0966,"The best construction simulator i have ever played! So addictive, but the render distance is horrible but still a fantastic simulation!"
76561198010238596,Not Recommended,289950,16041228,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,ernstlu,Game is not what I hoped to bee. Freezes up and stops working alot.
,Recommended,289950,20700804,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,KeRo2511,<3
,Recommended,289950,28755878,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,yoman2313,"I like the game a lot, I have programmed dual joysticks to the escavator and other machines in the game. The link below will show you how I managed to do that.https://youtu.be/vluxaWqw1zQ"
76561198318920186,Recommended,289950,28822295,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,alexj56,this is a god game
76561198016481539,Recommended,289950,28808556,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,shrunk,good game
76561198127192514,Recommended,289950,20753270,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Pilot,I have been playing this game only in career mode and love it! I only wish there was like dozers and even a few American mods but over all I give this a ok rating driving is still hard to do but working on getting it under controll!
76561198152677526,Not Recommended,289950,24858421,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,XxDeathStalkerxX325,I have better then the system requirement's and the game is still very laggy. If you have a 3.40Ghz like me I suggest you don't get it because it will lag.
,Recommended,289950,24706885,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,HST{ Owner John},is a good game
76561198259798437,Not Recommended,289950,35276911,Posted: 28 September,all,zarrellaanthony,this game is lame and a waste of my life. thanks
76561198034628087,Not Recommended,289950,13753855,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,monsterparty,Don't buy can not setup a steering wheel or joystick for it.
76561198124669030,Recommended,289950,26112839,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,CSI48,"Good game has goods with the bads . but i'd give it a ""Worth a Buy"""
,Recommended,289950,34811378,Posted: 8 September,all,YoucefHam,I love this game.
,Recommended,289950,35170457,Posted: 23 September,all,感謝の神。,Nice >>
,Recommended,289950,28588968,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,dlabordus,-
76561198021475314,Recommended,289950,35480028,Posted: 4 October,all,Agram,"very addictive game, lost of gun"
,Recommended,289950,35408279,Posted: 2 October,all,kn0pee,10/10 would of spent $50 usd but it was only $8 usd?
76561197997656735,Not Recommended,289950,15960932,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,50 facing,The game encounters a lot of bugs wich make the game difficult to play and enjoy. There is always something you have to work around to get your job done.
76561198113304631,Recommended,289950,13269601,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,MainMachetti,Ok Game
,Not Recommended,289950,16017594,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,DxElite,"Despite the mixed reviews, I bought this game on a sale and tried it out. It's fun but the longer I played the less I enjoyed it. Like many reviews mention, there are a lot of bugs and the game physics at times go completely wrong making the experience worse.The games starts to get boring rather quickly with the smaller jobs at the beginning. It gets better again when the larger jobs start with the larger equipment but incredibly it gets boring again soon after. The worst bugs were the ones that caused me to redo all the hard work I had done. Overall, playing this game 6 months after release, it still felt like it was not completed and never will be completed."
76561198031117583,Not Recommended,289950,13313302,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,knight-71,"really bad, controls suck, game is very buggy, wish i could return for refund"
,Not Recommended,289950,13113801,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,lennartchurch,"This game is completely broken. do not buy this. the controlls sucks. the camera is the worst you might as well play with your eyes closed. the sound is horrible too, nothing like real maschines at all."
,Not Recommended,289950,17822189,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,bzacon ベゼコンさん [E-Z T,"I tried this and it didn't work well on my computer.  If you have a high performance computer it may be a very fun game.  It would be nice if there were an option to not load the entire world, and if you could re-configure controls."
76561198135241638,Not Recommended,289950,13238820,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,klyrouxas[Greece],Full of bugs !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
76561198002852473,Not Recommended,289950,17726629,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Pathan,Bad controllers and handling
,Not Recommended,289950,22791577,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Picolas Cage,Poor graphics. Infinity amount of Buggs and not even a good story mode!
,Not Recommended,289950,20391038,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Wolfman1857,nope
76561198018629855,Recommended,289950,33181304,Posted: 3 July,all,Zekumas,Belong on a console not a pc.
,Not Recommended,289950,16229920,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,[HV] Bellesboy,The Game is VERY laggy. Period nothing more to say excpet if the refund option on steam was here I would sell it back
76561198058326662,Not Recommended,289950,19206876,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,TheNorCalPotMaker,i paid 30.00 us dollars for the game and now i have to pay 11.99 for the ♥♥♥♥ing DLC F@CK that
76561198043401035,Not Recommended,289950,16018114,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Diamondlover™,"waste of money, can't even move the vehicles all stuck in 1 place, try to move and it doesn't always stuck in reverse going at 1 km/h handbrake can't even stop it. tried restarting game, still didn't work, so reinstalled, nothing all the same. character view is broken always inverted up or down, unsure how to just get it right in the middle where it would be perfect. i don't recommend cause of these bugs cause you can't play it."
,Not Recommended,289950,25163555,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mike4473,"Now im not going to hate on the devs but the have was so laggy when i launched it I could not play it. I have looked for the 2012 version because it looked nice but no luch. Sorry, bad review."
,Not Recommended,289950,35395329,Posted: 1 October,all,AKP,"Just bad. Weird controls, buggy tutorial."
76561198162471075,Not Recommended,289950,16194661,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Shamanu,"Weird... No, WEIRD... no WE-IRD!!!! physic model. When truck slides down the 5 degree hill... Just slides... That's not normal. Trucks control out of control totally... Wheel is sharp as a hell... you just can NOT handle your vehicle of speed more that 20mph (30km/h). And the arcade control style? up = forward, down = backward??? That's not a thing one expects from a simulator. Definatedly.More about physics: You hits the truck with forklift, while tries to load the cargo and truck goes to fly... What? That. FLY! TRUCK! I don't even mention the cargo tends to wiggles on the fork like it was greased with a thick layer of lube...And cameras... Not a single camera view in a game comes handy. ANY ""offered"" views are awful.My own result of the game experience: absolutelly not worth time and money.I know it looks not like a review, but... Nothing else to say. Expectances totallynot met. The only good thing is a trailer video."
76561198155288255,Not Recommended,289950,16617264,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,teutonic555,alot of bugs i mean it affects gameplay to the max  as it sits don't buy the game.
,Not Recommended,289950,16663324,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Komodo,What game makes you click and drag to rotate screen...
,Not Recommended,289950,16196958,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,liquidchicken10,"horrible everything plain and simple ive got 200hrs on fs15, 50 on dig it, and 70 on spintires, i know what a good game looks like and this is not what it looks like.... want a refund"
,Not Recommended,289950,16118291,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,UKGAMERPOD83,good game however not worth 20.00
76561198140434228,Recommended,289950,26136167,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Captain Funzis,"10/10 the best way to ""construct♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; ive every seenoverall best game ever game of the year every year till the end of time"
76561198346202106,Not Recommended,289950,28844541,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,I HAS DOWNSSSSSS,game is bad
76561198341156853,Recommended,289950,28510169,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,chrislandale64,10/10
,Not Recommended,289950,18398015,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,MxxiiiF,What a buggy POS = ALT f4
76561198174038054,Not Recommended,289950,24324016,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Xaps,Very hard controls.
76561198354572189,Not Recommended,289950,31862165,Posted: 20 May,all,IllCookie 7,A decent game but has some weird physics.
,Recommended,289950,34052395,Posted: 5 August,all,Couchy,Awesome game I really love it!
76561198382123701,Recommended,289950,31321801,Posted: 23 April,all,.,Topka. 😉
,Recommended,289950,28317358,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,owencoomer2004,if you have a normal pc it will be dead lagey but if you have a gaming pc you will be fineit is a yes and no game
76561198023668146,Not Recommended,289950,28658270,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,HTPioneer,"This game just isn't refind.  If it were, then I could reccommend it.  Lots of great ideas, but not implemented well enough.  I would check out a better version of this game if there was such a thing."
,Not Recommended,289950,30044495,Posted: 19 February,all,SpyCop,"It's not an real Construction simulator.It's just an Transport Simulator.Pick something here, and live it at construction site.Could be much better.Buy only on sale."
,Not Recommended,289950,25461663,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,JonnyonTorry,Flatbed truck with crane Simulator 2015.
,Recommended,289950,30546797,Posted: 16 March,all,muffins 1-1,good
,Not Recommended,289950,17299547,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,EvilKenevil,"Game has a few gamebreaking bugs, Like machines get stuck too the truck trailer and it all gets sent too space.If you really REALLY want this game wait until its on save of at least half price, This game is not in a completed stage."
,Not Recommended,289950,13316463,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,RobAustinn ☆,I loved this game on phone. I cannot get away with this game on mac! It is a shame. I have requested money back
76561198235942648,Recommended,289950,33105165,Posted: 1 July,all,aitan2211,i love this game
76561197992960691,Not Recommended,289950,18008937,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,JohnDWW,Could not get it to work. the character just spinned around. got into vehecal and could not get it to go forward
76561198088803226,Not Recommended,289950,13097473,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,HeavyHitter179,i got this game a littlewhile ago and it is not worth buying unless you want to learn what NOT to doi think that it is not worth the $29.99 and fore these reasonsthe graphics are like watching a film from the 1960s in the year 2200the lag kills more than hitler and the control scheme is like a space ship control panelso over all i give it a 1/9000 DON'T BUY THIS GAME
76561198221155548,Not Recommended,289950,19181939,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,CrazyGoldenGamerMCFSX,I have always wanted Construction Simulator 2015. And when i play it I constantly get crashes. I already refunded .Reasons why:Crashes alot of the time.Graphics are complete disastervery difficult.Can't do muchSmall map============DO NOT WASTE YOUR 14.99 ON THIS PIECE OF JUNKITS NO USE ITS USELESS!!!!!!! I HATE THIS
,Not Recommended,289950,18929440,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Dykeback Logizticka,"First of allThe interfaces of the game are frankly awful,the pause menu is awful, the mission screens are awful, the main menu is awful.The control of machines is awful,the digger controls suck, the trucks are awful, thats just what ive actually operated so far.The macinery itself is awful,the small digger comes with a small trailer that is impossible to actually load the digger onto.Small things,like the legs of trailers going down while attached to lorries,that sucksThe physics in the game are awful tooIf i could get my money back i would"
76561198170789674,Recommended,289950,16025872,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Silver 2 csgo-skins.com,Im like
76561198098398567,Not Recommended,289950,20879423,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,oscar00172,"Worked fine for the first couple hours, then started giving me a black screen forcing me to hard reset my pc. This is the only game I have that does this. Thanks for denying my refund Steam."
76561198032696891,Not Recommended,289950,24184737,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cheeky Dude,"Construction Simulator 2015 is a fantastic game, way way way more fun than Euro Truck Simulator 2 ever was, because I like building stuff and seeing the end results.  The only very annoying thing about the game is Hape the foreman nagging ""We need a new vehicle"" ""We need a new vehicle"" ""We need a new vehicle"" ""We need a new vehicle"" from time to time which is just very annoying, and what makes it worse is that he never ever bothers to say which new vehicle we need so you are always left guessing all the time.  I wish there was an option to make him shut the fudge up for good, and I also wish there was an option to make him tell us under pain of torture just what the fudge he wants us to buy.What would be nice if there was some way to get any worker I hire to do all the excavator tasks which is my least favourite task when working on a job, and what would also be nice too if there was some way to enter the completed building after it has been built and seeing the end results of the interior of the building and also walking around the grounds too - at the moment, after the building has been built, sometimes you come up against this invisible barrier, and whenever you manage to be in front of this door which is one of the entrances of the building, there is no way to open it and walk into the completed building and having a good look around at everything which would enhance the enjoyment of the game.What makes the game cool is that if you manage to capsize the truck with the crane after driving it at speed and crashing into something with the excavator attached to the trailer (giggle giggle giggle), you can use the outriggers to upright the truck with the crane, also uprighting the trailer with the excavator on it too, and resuming with the game.I just hate Hape (the foreman) and I just want to fire him for plunging our finances into the red by pressuring me into buying the city homebase, and I just want to sell the city homebase and just move back to the village homebase.I have now reversed my opinion of the game.  The game is just♥♥♥♥♥♥because the very average ♥♥♥♥wit Teutonic twit morons at Weltenbauer all have♥♥♥♥♥♥for brains."
76561198231419172,Not Recommended,289950,20732985,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DisabledEntertainment,This game is broken none of the button or the controls that it says for it are right stupid waste of my money
,Recommended,289950,23972221,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Chrishickson,it fan
,Not Recommended,289950,15617476,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Philip,It is very confusing and the game is bugged on the tutorial.
76561198117734304,Not Recommended,289950,19081888,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,jason_lar,"lags almost all the timewhen your out of your vehicle, the cam turns around your head !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!it cost a lot of $$$$$"
,Not Recommended,289950,13917912,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Googs | csgobig.com,Multiplayer Game Finding not working. Not sure what to do.
76561198060256494,Not Recommended,289950,15532596,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ยังไม่ได้นอน✎,suck balls
76561198081106907,Not Recommended,289950,23055515,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Moira Stuart,"I wish I had played less than 2 hours of this crap, then I could get a refund"
76561198028880886,Not Recommended,289950,15197712,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Barry McCockner,"I've played an hour of this game and still cannot finish the tutorial because the controls are buggy, the game doesn't recognize when a trailer is connected, and somehow 1 button does multiple things even though it is not mapped to do those things. At this point I basically feel scammed for spending $29.99 on a game that I will not be able to play or get a refund on. The closest I have come to success is when I plugged in my controller and used the keyboard and controller because the key bindings are so broken.At best this game plays like it is early development; however, someone released this as a final product. After reading some reviews I was expecting some questionable physics and minor issues. I have done everything from restarting the game multiples times, to using both a controller and keyboard, and the only gameplay I can really do is drive a truck around town with a trailer attached while the tutorial keeps telling me to attach the trailer that is clearly attached to my truck.Overall 0/10, and wishing that steam would allow refunds on this kind of garbage."
,Not Recommended,289950,15182799,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mr Sausage,"Bought, installed, dialog interactions are not visible, deleted it. Lost some money."
76561198139337891,Not Recommended,289950,16433319,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,nathaniel.greenaway,This game has little to no graphics and also this game is boring on un-realistic
76561198174404615,Not Recommended,289950,19828299,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,nathansdad2004,it stops at 100 after i down load gold edition
76561198070240715,Recommended,289950,16014792,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,lewisthefirefighter_999_112,this is a grat game for you if you like to have fun  with frends or have fun in singel player and be abell to use some big toys
76561198273261545,Recommended,289950,35150151,Posted: 23 September,all,Lachlan Milroy,little bit of a bug when i get into my game
76561198112835675,Not Recommended,289950,19785165,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,clarkejamie871,"It is very slow; as youtube, it can be fast.Also, you have to control the player/truck with the keys, W, A, S, and D."
,Not Recommended,289950,34804463,Posted: 7 September,all,Gtchy1230,Terrible tutorials and instructions. It's as if the game developers thought that we would know the game as well as they do. Many parts of the game lack any kind of instructions and you're left for hours guessing what to do.
,Recommended,289950,30305208,Posted: 3 March,all,GamingSP,Nice game great job to all who helped make this and highly recommened for anyone who wants it etc.
76561198132232523,Recommended,289950,30363402,Posted: 6 March,all,r.camenzuli,dis game is amazing 10\10 would buy agein needs some more big jobs but still10/10
76561198075328555,Recommended,289950,29356800,Posted: 19 January,all,Fedja,"Just buy, don't ask why :)"
76561198105499455,Not Recommended,289950,17342037,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,josh_bartlett1984,"WASTE OF MONEY, NO GRIPING FEATURE TO ENJOY SUCH AS VERY LOW DETAIL MAP SORRY NOT GOOD AT ALL.JUST TO MUCH TRUCK DRIVING MIGHT AS WELL JUST PLAY ETS???"
76561198138706966,Not Recommended,289950,15831906,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Punygod,i like the idea of this game but currently cannot recomend it it has bad optimisation even with everything set to low its laggy and ocasionally crashes i have no issues whith games more demanding than this on my machine so until it is optimised better cannot recomend
76561198101631191,Not Recommended,289950,13677138,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,tpkoch71,i can get mine to load the hour glass comes up and thats it . this sucks any help would be great
,Not Recommended,289950,19554410,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mitchel,"I enjoyed the iOS games hoping that the game was going to be like this. This game is optimised for controller and you cant remove these settings. I was truely dissapointed and I just wasnt forfulled with spending $17.99 NZD for a game that I sit down to play and think, what is this? How can I do this without a controller? Why is this game just . . . . dissapointing. The trailer is meh and doesnt display real gameplay from a players POV"
,Not Recommended,289950,20623823,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,jtlcap,This game is a complete rip off and does not even work at all. Not worth spending the money. I have already contacted the company and they refuse to do anything or looking into this.
,Not Recommended,289950,14306169,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Shoomp,tutorial glitched 3 times gave up
,Not Recommended,289950,14395466,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,dauphinais.sylvain53,not good too many bugs and relly hard to controle
76561198153361846,Not Recommended,289950,14182406,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Brad,Extremely Laggy / :(
76561198167767497,Not Recommended,289950,18509256,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,leehocken,"I purchased this game because I have been playing farming sumlator 2013,2015,15 and I asumed that the constructon would be like the farming.  I have operatiing large equipment all my life and this game has nothing that works the real equipment.  So If you are an experienced operator I suggest Not to buy this.  I have wasted $36.00."
76561198048493799,Not Recommended,289950,19508334,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SuperUber,crap even with a controller its imposable to enjoy digging or any task in this game i want my money back only spent 20 on the gold and still a compleat waste of money
76561198152312811,Not Recommended,289950,19517968,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Eton191,its heaps lagy how do i fix it
76561198210309748,Not Recommended,289950,14425495,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,kds_17,This game is terrible!!!!!!! Don't recommend anyone buying it. We have Farming Simulator and Ski Simulator and this game is no where even compared to the quality of those. I want a refund!!!!!!!!
76561198320262047,Not Recommended,289950,24469014,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,jasondk626,i ♥♥♥♥ing hate it. its all the damn lag
76561198011491984,Not Recommended,289950,15754005,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,UnableRogue,This game is not worth buying. I spent nearly $40 Australian on this and now I wish I hadn't.Here are the reasons why I don't like it.1- Its full of bugs2- It looks incomplete3- Keeps crashing4- Interaction with traffic and peddestrians is pathetic.
76561198021226205,Not Recommended,289950,23261530,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,treycox33,"Worst driving experience I have had to date in a game. Bad tuturial, controls are clunky and don't respond well. I will refund."
76561198006867309,Not Recommended,289950,29087481,Posted: 7 January,all,Merlin69,Thought this would be good like Eurotrucker sim but terrible controls and no proper tutorial. I got a refund from Steam and so should anyone who buys it.
,Not Recommended,289950,28878439,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,vodolaz095,"Русский: Полное разочарование - глюки со звуком, и нельзя все разрушить, охотясь эскаватором за пешеходами.English: Total dissapointment - firstly, wierd sound issues, second - you cannot make havoc using construction vehicles and hunt pedestrians using excavator."
76561198253386115,Not Recommended,289950,32817336,Posted: 26 June,all,kanser,why dont u add paving instead of a ♥♥♥♥ing excavator with ♥♥♥♥in wheels just add paving machiens and stuff i would love that and would sure as heck recomend this game
76561198028102548,Not Recommended,289950,26496182,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,LSKENT,more aimed at toddlers i think.. controls are awkward and gameplay wasnt funKingdark is also a pleb
,Not Recommended,289950,13085037,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,CodyDev,"Not what I was hoping for.I watched the trailer, hoping I would have a cool home base and vehicles.I start the game, and I already got to drive a vehicle. So I was happy. But I did not like it... The guy made me work half an hour, I was trying to figure out how to connect a damn truck to another truck.1. Controls are really bad.2. Excavator is too small.. It took me half an hour to do the first job, I'm still doing it.3. Jobs are too hard. I try to learn them, Can't cause the game won't teach you anything.4. Traffic AI is horrible. people too. People walk through trucks. Also, the cars do not care about you."
76561198075113685,Not Recommended,289950,22522264,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,UF_newfatmike,dont
,Not Recommended,289950,24438958,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,DirtyEmoji,garbage
76561198114944377,Not Recommended,289950,14486236,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Spudermankey,"This is a very well made game and from what I have seen from the first half hour looks amazing.  It might only be me and my tiny brain, but the controls are insanly confusing and i think takes away from the game a great amount.  I am still in the starting mission and i can't even dig out a hole because the confusing controls for the excavator..."
,Not Recommended,289950,19113762,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ZS-KEV,"Foreman to worker: ""How and why is that truck in a tree?""Worker to Foreman:""......................................................""Ok, well what to say on Transport Simulator 2015........... O! I just checked and this simulator is actually Construction Simulator 2015! Who knew?!This is my opinion of Construction Simulator 2015AspectRatingRealism4.5Graphics6.5Sound6.5Gameplay4.5Overall5.5Scores are out of 10. Overall score is an averageI was looking forward to playing Construction Simulator 2015 when I first saw it. It has an interesting concept; transport, excavate, construct. With over 200 missions, an array of vehicles at your disposal, and a massive open world, how could this game get boring? Well, first off the game has you doing the same menial tasks over and over again to pad out the gameplay hours. The other problem is that there are only 15 vehicles, so once you have them all, the feeling of progression ends as you just rack up millions of dollars while doing the same tasks over and over. The other problem is the amount of bugs, glitches and minor errors. I kept getting the feeling that game is unfinished. Throughout my gameplay time I came across a multitude of bugs, errors and just small details that could have been fixed.Overall: I DO NOT recommend Construction Simulator 2015. If you really would like to play it, I would recommend you wait until its at least 80% off."
,Not Recommended,289950,16413101,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Niseg,The game looks nice but the controls ....I tried to mess with the controlls for 1-2 hours and I couldn't get them to work . the tutorial is pretty buggy  too - I took a shorcut to the gravel plant and it didn't recognize i got to the destination.I tried both keyboard and Xbox controller and I couldn't get the desired results.  If you want a good simulator get farm sim 15 .this game is not worth buying now until some major bug fixes .
76561197969620418,Not Recommended,289950,16034312,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,-=||[R]||=-Lurch,You mean Delivery Simulator 2015.
76561197978513751,Not Recommended,289950,23294117,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Macke21,Just bad.
76561198037557150,Recommended,289950,13042309,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,E.N.D.,very fun game
76561197972039165,Not Recommended,289950,13004438,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Penny Lee,"Well beat me senseless, comes with a 10% discount AFTER its realsed.  Buggy as hell, when will i learn not to purchase games before they are released, not like is was even at a discount before.  Only good thing is the map is great and machines are well modeled,  Its just a simple fetch and carry game umlike ""Building & Co"" made by PlayLogic and does not drive as well as ""Farming Simulator 15"".Buy it in the sales when its 75% discount and well patched."
,Recommended,289950,13002221,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Trouser Snake,ALOT OF STUFF TO DO ..TIME CONSUMING FOR SURE BUT FUN
,Not Recommended,289950,19977726,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Pentex | New acc,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!- graphics is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs all over the place, stupid tutorial."
,Not Recommended,289950,15251610,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Coby,0/10
76561198166338901,Recommended,289950,27966951,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,OttomanSlap,Oyun güzel alın derim.
76561197968929112,Not Recommended,289950,16032647,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,jF,...
,Not Recommended,289950,19058276,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Flappy ツ,Cancer.
76561198362967423,Not Recommended,289950,30628185,Posted: 19 March,all,idsiddons,lags way to much and to confusing can't even get my controller conected to it and it crashed on me
76561197972926578,Not Recommended,289950,19002103,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Pophorn,It is impossible to play :( Truck stucks everywhere that is not totally flat...
,Not Recommended,289950,31827021,Posted: 18 May,all,Marcus away,Transport Simulator 2016
76561198169795461,Not Recommended,289950,23692995,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Tyrone Hays,"This game is not fun. I got a refund for it, mabey it could be fun for contruction enthusiest, not me."
,Recommended,289950,34987704,Posted: 15 September,all,HEAVYHITTER451,WOW I AM IN LOVE !!!!2015  HOW HAVE I MISSED THIS FOR  2 YEARSGTA  CONSTRUCTION SIM WITHOUT THE VIOLENCEAND YOUR ONLY WEAPON IS YOUR  BILL50/10  YEP YEP YEP
,Recommended,289950,12999962,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Gaza90965,"played the starting bit, looks alot better than the other game and even after 10 mins i know i just want to keep playing"
,Not Recommended,289950,13063043,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Aryn <3,horriable game would like a refund for it
76561198017402463,Not Recommended,289950,13068897,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,випdrosjaa,♥♥♥♥ this game... almost impossible doing anything....
76561198216088455,Recommended,289950,27189636,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Юсенээээ,норм
76561198162353960,Not Recommended,289950,13902895,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,something-snarky,"This game is crap.  It's essentially a glorified delivery game.  You pick a contract (from four options), go the Home Depot essentially, spend 30 minutes loading your truck, drive to the site fighting lag - bouncing vehicles - terrible navigation - etc., spend 15 minutes unloading the supplies into a square, and go back to the materials dealer.When you do get something a bit more challenging, it doesn't work.  Example:  Dig a hole (almost impossible by the way), place the dirt in your brand new shiny red dump truck, drive the truck...oh wait...you can't get dirt in the truck because everytime your bucket gets close to it, it flips over and dumps the dirt everywhere.Don't buy this game!  If I had a choice, I would uninstall and get a refund NOW! Crafty advertising..."
,Not Recommended,289950,29257742,Posted: 14 January,all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,No
76561197977735101,Not Recommended,289950,26632494,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,BeerBringer <3,"It's impossible to set PS4 controllers up in this game so if you dont plan on buying a xbox controller its  a no buy.Spent 1/3 of my gametime trying to set it up, looking at the guides in discussions, still no success... bored and wasted my time. The last 2/3rd that I played it was good but sucks with keyboard."
,Recommended,289950,26472995,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,♕FleoN♕,"♥♥♥♥ you're mother pass away, useless ♥♥♥♥ing game, go kill yourself and think about your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ life."
76561198072714922,Not Recommended,289950,13005305,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,dazzy1200,"a nice step forword for this company but still a lot of work to do. its a little buggy, laggy, the controls for machines like the digger is way too complicated. the control hits are given in keyboard buttons and Xbox controls and sometimes the keyboard ones are wrong and the what they dont show u u have to guess urself.has potental but needs work"
,Not Recommended,289950,27481287,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[TSRVTC]✮ МгҤαгѵ ✮,"♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is! Not even worth a single dime. Graphics are from 2012, Sounds and Interaction between vehicles is so like ""duh"" . Then multiplayer sucks in this cause of badly managed servers. Somebody's flying in the site somebodys doing donuts in the trailer. Like what the ♥♥♥♥? Cant you get control over your own game, This game is totaly stupid"
,Not Recommended,289950,25700915,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,TriCkz™,Would rather buy Win RaR
76561198095156109,Not Recommended,289950,23223460,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,[DG] Red Fox,it sucks because i try to walk forward but it makes me walk backwards
76561198053662772,Not Recommended,289950,23239182,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Orange,glad that uninstall button works
,Not Recommended,289950,24446456,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Shercat1,I was looking foward to playing this gameThen i found out that it will inclued trailers and i have not got a experience.So i don't recommend this game who dosn't have a trailer in real life (or an experience of puling a trailer/ camper van behind their car)
76561198063563529,Not Recommended,289950,29575069,Posted: 29 January,all,mgoconnor,horible game runs poorly rusn good first time but then its horible
,Not Recommended,289950,35144053,Posted: 22 September,all,Human,"I have problem character moving, if press w then moves bacward not forward"
76561198067198869,Not Recommended,289950,35247012,Posted: 27 September,all,Monkey Mouth,"Absolutely, completely and utterly a dreadful game in every single way."
,Not Recommended,289950,32077520,Posted: 30 May,all,astrosteve,"I can't really talk about the game at all, mainly because it's so buggy I couldn't play it to really determine if it's any good. You get the tutorial mission, which is to drive a small excavator to a construction site. Easy, right? You'd think so, but here's the problem: There's no way to retract the outriggers. Nothing works. You can't go anywhere with them down and there's no way to make them go up. Game says, for a controller, right button + D-Pad up. That doesn't do anything. It also says Left shift-Q to raise them. That also does nothing. There's no way to advance at all in the game until you finish the tutorial, which you can't do because it's impossible to move the small excavator.  The ♥♥♥♥ guys, are you THAT incompetent that the tutorial can't even be completed? Did you test this game at all? Apparently not.This game now joins No Man's Sky as the only two games I've ever requested a refund for."
76561198137120919,Not Recommended,289950,23656682,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,barto9221,laggy as hell
76561198200218298,Not Recommended,289950,30272280,Posted: 1 March,all,jblock420,thsi game laggs with no type of handle -_-
,Not Recommended,289950,30382293,Posted: 7 March,all,davidstrains96,so glitchy very boring i want my money back
76561198108808512,Not Recommended,289950,31396688,Posted: 27 April,all,Pidar,i buld wall
76561198328972008,Not Recommended,289950,32546273,Posted: 18 June,all,klunneborg670,didnt really like the game wish i wouldve went with my other choice of spintires
76561198350916156,Not Recommended,289950,32630061,Posted: 21 June,all,MagikarpFainted,"makes you wonder if this is really what canada thinks of us, also shout out to the rednecks who gave this game a raving review. I can safely say this game spun me into a dimension of rage quit thats only matched by a 12 year old playing COD. Terrible game, refunded in 23 mins, beat my own personal best for how fast i wanted my money back."
76561198048226642,Not Recommended,289950,26138776,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,mattgo,Controls are terrible. Very unresponsive and the main character runs/walks BACKWARDS in the opposite direction the manual/controls say he should. Graphics are also terrible for post 2010. Driving around is almost impossible due to bad controls and even walking around is too. Both with keyboard and xbox controls.
76561198285602980,Not Recommended,289950,34364610,Posted: 19 August,all,jazzypoo2002,...
76561198063014313,Not Recommended,289950,16021554,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Squirrel Winchester,
,Not Recommended,289950,32697609,Posted: 23 June,all,Omega,Just don't buy it. I don't give enough ♥♥♥♥s to go into detail. Just don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,289950,13005962,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,world (gubber),so many bugs and this game are made to xbox plz fix controll
,Not Recommended,289950,32166415,Posted: 3 June,all,LittleBoltzy,World's Worst game to glitchy and sucks
,Not Recommended,289950,30197430,Posted: 26 February,all,Hellopeoples2,this game is awful i had 1 frame per second while playing
,Not Recommended,289950,31228766,Posted: 18 April,all,[HZ-HERO] Sgt. Ford F-150,The whole game I don't enderstand what to in all the jobs.  I will not tell any of my friends of this game and no it's not worth the price.
76561198247182460,Not Recommended,289950,30737120,Posted: 25 March,all,LVSAA_08,NOPE
76561198098635103,Not Recommended,289950,13013054,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Krumb84,If you are looking for something like Euro Truck Simulator. Do not buy this.
76561198012528970,Not Recommended,289950,13023149,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Smilinglyer,"Worst game i ever played. Poorly development, really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls."
76561198131359861,Not Recommended,289950,13026723,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,♛ Quad,it opens then closes and wot respond
76561198030809523,Not Recommended,289950,30954191,Posted: 4 April,all,hiddenm00,The game isn't worth a dollar.
,Not Recommended,289950,31959189,Posted: 25 May,all,Simple Splash,i hate it
76561198044501417,Not Recommended,289950,29839653,Posted: 10 February,all,Zaswe12,Germans make their games like they make their world dominationYou think it would be cool then they let you down
76561198087595831,Recommended,289950,22193384,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,gogs1964,This a good gameBut it can be frustrating on timesThis is one of those you like it or you don't
76561198293934875,Recommended,289950,22181983,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,badmanz2008,good game
76561197973853411,Recommended,289950,22258564,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DeadDude,"A good game to keep you occupied, runs perfectly"
76561198055051715,Not Recommended,289950,22278442,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,bricub72,The controls majorly SUCK!!! Make the game more playable.
76561198286227371,Recommended,289950,22216407,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,M16 B3A$T S2,"The game is pretty decent and detailed. I have not spent a lot of time on it to learn the basics, id rec doing career before going online. it seems when you go online it loads forever when connecting to a game. the games are 2 to 4 players for online."
76561198147825810,Recommended,289950,22293366,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,dibbers,"Like most people i picked this game up because i thought, interesting idea building stuff in an open world GTA like environment. The first hour was painful to say the least but after i'd gritted my teeth and got through that i can't say enough good things about this. The only one complaint i have is the standard character controls whilst walking around need some real work along with the character animations.But otherwise loving it."
76561198261109660,Recommended,289950,22045998,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,usman,it works slowy
76561198361139751,Recommended,289950,30951790,Posted: 4 April,all,fjames804,"Takes awhile to figure out the controls, but once you get them it is really fun. The driving is a nightmare but just using and building with the equipment makes that bareable.Overall, still needs a few things worked out in the game but pretty fun if your into building things and using some seriously heavy equipment."
76561198014059811,Recommended,289950,27449713,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stormmaster,"When I first watched some videos about this game, I thought ""Great idea, but it looks like it's not realistic at all; I'll just have a quick look to make sure I don't like it"". And clocked 87 hours in just 2 weeks... It's amazing!Here are some things I really don't like:1. Using brakes for reversing (well, at least you don't start reversing right away, if you were moving forward).2. Unrealistic behavior for pulling loads.3. It is necessary to hold right mouse button to look around, which is annoying when driving, if you try to do it realistically, watching the traffic, giving way etc. I would rather hold a button when I need mouse cursor.4. No ability to lean through driver-side window or watch through backside glass on trucks like in ETS 2 and ATS.As you probably noticed, things mentioned above have little to do with construction. Conctruction is what received the most attention to detail and is very realistic. And the only reason I can notice some flaws (like partially incorrect joystick animation) is because this game encouraged me to learn a lot about how all this stuff works in real!Some say that this is not construction simulator, but rather construction materials transportation simulator. It's true that a lot of time you will spend delivering materials, especially in early game when you don't have vehicles to do various construction stages. But even when just delivering it's more about operating cranes for loading and unloading rather than driving.A few words about infamous wonky physics: it is mostly unrealistic when something extraodinary happens, like crashing into something at insane speed. If you are after simulation and try to play realistically, those things are not that likely to happen often and therefore don't break immersion.This game supports simultaneous use of many controllers, so you can set up joysticks for realistic control of cranes, excavators and such, while using a steering wheel for driving. Though controllers are recognized in the manner of gamepads, which is not very convenient and may require some time setting up properly."
76561198119553156,Not Recommended,289950,27443054,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lee2500R.E.M.E,"This game still has alot to be developed for playability wheeled vehicle's need there front wheel steering stiffening up so that you can play using the keyboard controls , also still has alot of glitches & game crashes where excavtor arms get stuck in the ground. It has the potential to be a good game but it needs the developers to do some more work on it as it stands now i would give it 4 out of 10."
,Recommended,289950,27385755,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cryogenic,i love it because i am engineer
,Recommended,289950,27499002,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Das Ist Gut,"Good game! Really like the Liebherr LTM mod that is in the workshop, mostly why I bought it. Mulitplayer is fun and annoying at the same time, but overrall had a good time with this game!"
76561198140097409,Recommended,289950,30947984,Posted: 4 April,all,MikeD,"It is fun, if you will like this sort of thing. The game does have bugs, and I did actually have it refunded at first within the 2 hour limit. But I watched some videos for tips etc. and rebought it, and once you know what you are doing, it is actually good fun :)"
,Recommended,289950,26666574,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[EK804] A.Braithwaite,"This is the story about Denald Trempton.Denald Trempton was an unskilled laborer who one day decided to start his own buisiness somewhere in Germany. At this point, Denald got a few minor contracts, including a contract to build a wall to keep all those naughty mexicans out and make America Great Again. Denald was very excited about this, but he couldn't start out on this wall, first he had to go and do a few fetch and carry jobs here and there, loading goods onto a truck with a forklift and suchlike. Occasionally they would vibrate through the shelves, but Denald put that down to the cocaine he'd been mainlining for the last week or so. Now Denald was a little bit naughty and so he decided to see if his forklift could do a handbrake turn with an unsecured pallet of bricks on the forks, and what do you know, that pallet went flying through the air, through the foreman's face to land on the car park floor, perfectly intact if upside down.Denald thought this was great fun and he wondered if he could do this with a telehandler, so he went down to see his friend Vladimir who sold cheap russian JBCs. Vladimir shook his head and explained to Denald that they didn't have any telehandlers at all, or any 180 excavators.  Denald was upset about this, but then he noticed there were other changes from the way things were normally done. There were no other workers or annoying subbies, no irritating clients, and best of all, no H&S inspector to make sure he always wore his hi-vis and helmet. There were however, no one hour smoking breaks.11/10, would throw a pallet of bricks through a foreman's face again."
,Recommended,289950,26836945,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jackneal1 [ENG],The most efficent wat to build teamwork between a group on friends on multiplayer. you need to be very cordinated and work together efficently to get things done. you start of low and have to work your way up making monney to buy bigger vehicles
76561198062174693,Not Recommended,289950,24839852,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ryan_s_gardiner,"its okay, but thats about all i can say for it.  it does have fun parts but for the most part the controls feel clunky and ungainly."
76561198268634921,Recommended,289950,25008594,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Jake the Hawkeye,"Simply put: if you like simulated construction, this game is for you. You get what you expect, and it does it well.This isn't going to be everyone's cup of tea. It has a moderate pace, not a lot of action, not a lot of riddles or too much of a plot. But it's a lot of fun to operate heavy machines, construct buildings, trasnport loads, etc. There are a few bugs, but nothing that's a big deal. The way it breaks up construction into a series of steps is good - and gives it the ""one more turn"" feel that draws you in.One nice, underrated feature, is that you can have workers complete tasks you don't want to do. If you like buildings a highrise but don't want to use the concrete pump - have a worker do it. If you don't liek driving around to deliver supplies - have a worker do it. If you don't like all the things there are to do, it's a good way of allowing you to essentially ""skip"" the task."
,Recommended,289950,25015819,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,natahn,"Nice game, not too complicated. Yes it has bugs but it can be the fun moments with your friends. I had played C.S.2014 before and C.S.2015 is even better. This game archieved my dreams of my childhood, i used to play with toys about construction but it was't that real, but now my childhood dreams came true. I hope the devs can update more this game such as adding more varient of AI such as buses, trucks, trains, etc. Also, bug fixes and more new vehicles would be awesome.Bugs i discovered:1. Echo sound can be heard on the road above the tunnel.2. Diggng Glitches.3. Wall glitches- some construction sites' walls can be walk through.I use a laptop to play and i use the lowest settings, it isn't that lag.PC Specs:Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-3337U CPU @1.80GHzRam:8GBSystem Type: 64-bit"
,Recommended,289950,24956753,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,D3dsec,"CS2015 is a fairly realistic game with an enjoyable concept . although construction jobs can be rather time consuming abd i find myself becoming bored , this can be fixed with the use of workers to finish the job within the allocated time slot . Overall i enjoy this game and the realistic and nicely modelled vehicles ."
76561198063610665,Recommended,289950,24852151,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Max,An interesting simulator for the guy or gal who likes playing with big toys.  On a serious note the game is a bit limited in scope as to what you can and cannot do in regards to jobs and building but what it does it does well.  Also worth mentioning are vehicle physics and controls which are well done.  A title worth picking up if you like big machinery.  You can also collaborate with others online.  Give it a try.
,Recommended,289950,24852408,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Håkon98,I love this game
,Recommended,289950,25512775,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Tinman,Nice game but we need more jobs
,Recommended,289950,24110823,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,[S.T.M.I] 002 - Om Ridho,"Server connection failed, game closed . Everytime like that, is there any solutions?"
76561198140557049,Recommended,289950,25705788,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DaveTheDangerous,Good game
76561198317694175,Recommended,289950,25717701,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,RichIronHorse,Great
76561198217926059,Recommended,289950,26528325,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,jreberhard2,This game is very fun!
76561198321510612,Recommended,289950,26521569,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,tomank1108,BEST GAME EVER
76561198122199044,Recommended,289950,30911052,Posted: 2 April,all,Awesome13579135,relaxing
76561198139941502,Recommended,289950,26464633,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Colonel Buttermilk Hotcakes,A good simulator hidden under a ♥♥♥♥♥torm of bad ones.
76561198104180632,Recommended,289950,26480251,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,GreatBoolean,all in all really suprisingly good - especially if you compare it to some of the other construction games out there. there are some minor flaws - but you can always feel how much love went into this game.
76561198002377916,Recommended,289950,25868511,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,waynezilla,its a gd fun game building houses and stuff
76561198023590020,Recommended,289950,26355171,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,WOLF [TacOps],Was hesatend to buy this game but it came through for me. Absolutely love the game tho i wish there where more locations to build on such a big map.
76561197979346380,Not Recommended,289950,25977981,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Lollash,"A bit dissapointed that the game dosnt have a sandbox mode, where you get to do what you want. As it is right now, you have to take a mission in order to dig."
76561198108408318,Recommended,289950,25968289,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,robertrudnik,"I love this game. As a heavy equipment operator for my job it is an amazing game but I do wish they would add some bulldozers, scrapers, haul trucks, skid loaders, and graders in the game and add more contracts like over lot jobs and retention pond jobs it would be amazing."
76561198126153964,Recommended,289950,26174351,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Brickman139,if the developer is reading this can you cansider makeing a pach for multiple attachments for your excavators plez and i love playing this  game
,Recommended,289950,28725205,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kopreto,This... This game... is probaly one of my most favorite simulators next to farming and euro truck simulator Now yes the tasks you have to do gets tedious and annoying but its still fun i can play for 2 - 3 hours without getting annoyed of all of the tedious tasks but the game is great and it has its flaws (physics) but still a great game.
,Recommended,289950,28811674,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Perry_EST19XX,love this game! got a wheel and joystick game changed 100% so much better!
,Recommended,289950,29135355,Posted: 8 January,all,Hobadee,"Pretty fun.Certain parts can be a bit tedious, notably driving materials and getting equipment to job sites.  Digging missions are great fun, you really get the feel for real the controls of a real machine.  My 3y/o LOVES this game.  (Although he REALLY sucks at it.  Like, REALLY.)It doesn't have the best graphics, and the physics engine can be a joke at times, (A small sedan will stop a fully-loaded cement truck going 60mph) but I still enjoy it."
,Recommended,289950,31760332,Posted: 14 May,all,batmanthegamer67,i love  this game
,Recommended,289950,33248090,Posted: 4 July,all,John Hookman,Great GameCan't Use The Small Digger?Well...............Too Bad!Look It Up On TubeYou10/10 Would Build Massive Skysaper again!
,Recommended,289950,33387769,Posted: 8 July,all,Trent,I f###ing love digging
76561198031556508,Recommended,289950,27837218,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Celtich,"Verry fun with friends, the derpy physics make for alot of laughs, but overal a nice relaxing game to chill with. Do have to say i only play multiplayer and i probably only will."
,Recommended,289950,25687340,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Ali,"I do like this game when I'm playing with someone else and occasionly by myself but mainly with a friend. The jobs are fun and there is a large world to explore - which also is a great place to make games of your own and play them with friends. There is a lot to do but I think that the driving mechanics should be better. Some things they should add are:1. Driving Penelties.2. More diverse jobs.3. Larger vehicle selection4. Maybe a more detailed world but I don't think this is a larger problem.However, when you are really stuck into the game these things barely matter which is why I would certainly recommmend this game to anyone who likes simuations, has a friend who plays it or someone who likes driving and operating vehicles to complete tasks!"
,Recommended,289950,26098525,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,roeebe,"this game is awsome, i started by refund it and give it bad review, but i mistaked, after refund i understood that i do want to play this, and bought it again. in the start its give you hard time controlling, and understood how to work with it. but after you pass this early stage, you get to know with all, and start to love this game!"
,Recommended,289950,31233684,Posted: 19 April,all,DJ_SKY,cool game need a controler thow
76561198020394483,Recommended,289950,29391909,Posted: 20 January,all,The Unity Beast,Its a surprising game considering how bad these games usually are. I say if you been looking for a construction sim its you best bet maybe they will be a 2017 verision that fixes all the issues but this would be a good series for them to start making into a franchise. We shall see.
76561198079460675,Recommended,289950,32762421,Posted: 25 June,all,[OAG-O] LTTurkey,great game fun to play with your friends
76561198351818638,Recommended,289950,32855629,Posted: 27 June,all,victornavarromartin,me gustaría que las grúas torre se pudieran recoger y transportar
,Recommended,289950,32938977,Posted: 28 June,all,Ariana Pequeño,"I've really enjoyed playing this game. It's entertaining, challenging, and has just the right level of assistance as you progress through the game to not make it a boring grind every time. If you are interested in just diving into free play with cranes and the other fanciest machines, that is unfortunately not an option for you. That's right--you actually have to earn your right to use the best machines.This game gives you a wealth of opportunities to build up the area that you are situated in. You start out building meager single-family homes, tasks that orient you with running to get materials and using some of the basic machines. Then, as you increase your assets, you are able to break into the market of bigger toys: concrete pourers, ground smashers, and even tower cranes!I've had a fairly positive response to this game while streaming on Twitch, too. Because it's a fairly niche game, you'll find more European than American friends in the game. I have yet to broach the multiplayer aspect, but I imagine it's just as enjoyable."
76561198037665802,Not Recommended,289950,17220654,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mr. Dice,"A simulator with incredible potential, but not exploited. Developers since start of 2016 focused on the new mobile version for smartphone and simply put nearly no effort on making this a better game. Very disappointing! A dead game for me."
76561198382036628,Recommended,289950,33627204,Posted: 18 July,all,andyllim5201314,hai....can i suggest you guys make a JCB 3cx backhoe in this game and a day night mode in this game ? make it more realistic ...hhahaha...hope my suggestion will be approve ..thanks
76561198068459192,Recommended,289950,33544711,Posted: 14 July,all,jc.macleod,cool game
76561198303401479,Recommended,289950,33483729,Posted: 12 July,all,Tonesy,Fun
76561198151142780,Not Recommended,289950,14293235,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Kronic_Rogue,"Had this game for along time now.it is more driving around dilivering stuff, excavating is very hard and takes along time to master it.The pure amount of DLC they introduce is appaling though. They do add a few scenarios and a few new assets to use but they are only really there to encourage you to buy the DLC.Yes a software company has to make money, but when they release a ""Gold Edition"" then a ""Deluxe edition"" with seprate DLC's inbetween, it shows they care more about money then thier players."
76561198312034619,Recommended,289950,34732655,Posted: 4 September,all,AllStarNick06,"Cool game! Really accurate countstuction simulator, pretty goddd graphics. i would deffinetly recomend it"
76561198179148649,Recommended,289950,34960681,Posted: 14 September,all,[ǤϻϻƦ]Sgt.Grim,Good game!Once you get into the bigger jobs it becomes more interesting.Fun to play with friends as well.I rate this game a 7 out of 10
76561198214659049,Not Recommended,289950,24119832,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,HammerHead_W900A,"Im a fan of simulators but this is easily the worst sim ive ever played. terrible driving physics, and when you get near a vehicle it launches into space."
,Recommended,289950,35317350,Posted: 29 September,all,Philodendron-22,"I really enjoyed this game, at first I s*ck at the keybinding but now am am getting good at it and with Online actually helps a lot if depends which player join... Am impress  astragon (Publisher) made the game...But I think they are not going to update the game. or maybe they are? you know want... who knows."
76561198376836824,Recommended,289950,35390554,Posted: 1 October,all,felonyincorporated2015,"hi the game seems really fun.. but the controller to machine exchange is not so good. lags, extremly touchy, just really takes away from what could be a fun game.. hope they improve this... try it for your self 3 1/2 out of 5"
,Recommended,289950,35291311,Posted: 29 September,all,🅱🅱🅱🅱🅱🅱🅱🅱,"absolutley LOVE it! it can run on a potato, the mechanics are really cool and its just very cool. the only thing i dont like is the instructions. sometimes they arent very well explained. other than that, its a good game!get it!"
