user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197978480307,Recommended,289930,12210997,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Evan,"Having played for just over an hour now here's what I have to say about the game. If you ever played Port of Call, Transocean - The Shipping Company is a modern version of that. Everything from the time progression to ""status"" or ""reputation"" to unlock more ships.  There are some nice features of the sim that are handy to use such as the financial statements & diagrams, also the ability to take out loans is great as well. I didn't bother playing the campaign, just went right into the free play.After about 20-30 minutes of contracting out my small feed ship i unlocked all the ports of europe, thereafter I unlocked the entire world. I gained enough capital to purchase some bigger pre-panamax ships and began trading the lucrative routes.  Graphics wise the sim is pleasing to the eyes, beautiful colors, non-cluttered interface, lots to look at without getting bombarded with useless information.There isn't a real challenging component to free play that I observed, eventually your larger vessels experience massive profit margins. If you complete a contract for 30 million euros, your fuel costs will only be about 5% of that, which is fine I guess, but I have a feeling that real shippers experience much more turbulent expenses. I'm not complaining, just, thinking out loud.Anyways, this sim is shouting for tankers & drybulker vessels, stock market simulation, buyouts, further player interaction with other AI shipping companies (or even other players!) I hope Deck13 doesn't simply abandon this just yet. Oh and wait, there is more.Many of you know the embarressing and disasterous repuation that German devs/publishing firms have for releasing unfinished products then abandoning them, i must say within the hour of playing, I didnt crash once, experience a bug or anything like that. It was flawless. Congrats!Anyways I'll swing a 8/10 would play again. Thanks."
,Recommended,289930,12211969,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,MinionJoe,"Everybody look at me 'cause I'm sailin' on a boat!After two hours of play, I have to say that I'm impressed.  After just a couple tutorial missions (each and all skippable in turn), I was turned loose to make or break my company.  After a few lucrative ore contracts, I found myself smuggling contraband on the Mediterranian.  And got busted.  And my cargo seized.  And fined.  And my ship impounded for a week.  A time-based contract I still had in the hold expired, so there were penalties there.  And harbor masters didn't care to allow convicted smuggers in their ports, so harbor fees went up.  All that in two hours and not a moment that felt repeatative.A few features that I liked:  Your home port determines what bonuses your company gets.  I picked Lisbon for +5% on ore contracts and -10% to fuel.  The trick is, the smaller the port, the larger the bonuses.  So you have a reason to keep smaller ports and the ships that can service them.There is some ship customization.  The Feeder I started with had three levels of Hull and Engine upgrades, which increased range and speed respectively.  There was also a license upgrade that would allow me to carrry what appeared to be hazardous waste.  Unfortunately, there does not appear to be options for custom paint or appearance (other than your ship name emblazoned upon the stern and bow).I remember reading a comment somewhere saying that the music was repeatative and annoying.  To me, it sounded like every port had it's own song.  And each port felt VERY unique.  I'm already developing favorites and least favorites.The only meh item I encountered dealt with other ship traffic.  Large ships move fast and looked intimidating at first, but it turns out they can stop on a dime and give the player right-of-way.  I would have liked to have seen navigation lights and right-of-way implemented (and fines for failure to obey maritime traffic laws).Anyway, back to my ship.  I'm saving up for a fleet.  And I'm naming all my vessels after internet porn sites."
76561198034538492,Not Recommended,289930,15265257,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,info,"Sadly this game appears to be no longer supported. Please visit the forums for latest details.  The game has many bugs and features missing which according to the developers are to be addressed in a version due out in 2016.  If you don't mind spending a bit of cash it is an interesting, challenging game which will amuse for a number of hours, especially over a wet holiday weekend. This game ideally should be heavily discounted from now on and free upgrades offered to those who purchased before the new version TO2 was announced earlier this week."
,Recommended,289930,13190947,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,mattdilllon,"I am a Retired Certified Warehouseman/Dispatcher. This game plays close to the real world when it comes to Cargo Movement.  With a few more Improvements, I believe this game could actually move into the Sim World, as a School Training Tool too.Imagine that, having fun, and learning about the ""Real World TOO!""Wanna make a bet it'll never be picked up as such?REAL School is supposed to be boring so you want to Grad and leave! Ha Ha...."
76561198030771828,Not Recommended,289930,12220633,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ItsBritneyBro,"This is a cool game and all but it has its negatives that quickly spoil the experience.First, docking and undocking is tedious as hell and gets very old very quickly. Unfortunately you're essentially required to do it every time, since using a tugboat is $100K a pop -- so docking and undocking at any given port if you don't want to deal with this tedious docking mechanic is $200k. When you're starting out and your profit margins are very thin this isn't feasible.Second, in the campaign your investor is essentially the villain. Every quarter she takes what seems like half of your cash and when you finally scrape up enough to rank up to the next size ship she saddles you with an impossible contract which requires you to ship an insane amount of goods to a specific port (including things that you can't even ship yet without ship upgrades that you can't buy) or lose $10M. Guess when this automatically kicks off? When you hit $10M in cash. Oh the best part? You have around a month to deliver everything. Twice. Twice I hit this point and this impossible burden combined with the investor taking her quarterly cut left me bankrupt. I would keep trying but the aforementioned docking mechanic saps my will to start over.Third, the sailing mechanic isn't very deep. When your ships are sailing you'll get popups like ""there's a storm a comin"" and it asks you if you want to sail around it or sail through. I can't tell the difference between the two aside from the fact that sailing through practically destroys your ship. This is fine, but if a game is going to abstract this sort of thing but then require you to micromanage things like docking it seems a little schizophrenic.Take these three things and it turns out to be a game that is profoundly unfun which is a shame because it's the first thing that really ruins it. Slashing towing fees would go a long way to making the game better."
76561197996499481,Recommended,289930,12262037,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Etsat,"Played Ports Of Call? This is it. A few new things, but other than that, its Ports Of Call.I love Ports Of Call, played it a lot on the Amiga, but I know that this game isnt for all.Its repetetive, its ""just one more year"", its ""oh, this again"", its ""havent I already done this?"", but its fun for a lot of us.Have you played ports Of Call on pc or the amiga and liked it? Then this game is for you!Now, just one more year..."
,Not Recommended,289930,14336719,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,DrClumber,"Recommended, but ONLY if, like me, you played Ports of Call on a dodgy DOS computer and couldn't get enough of expanding your fleet. As that is not likely to be the majority, I am not recommending it.This game IS Ports of Call, there are a few additions and subtractions but the core of it is simple: Get the most out of your fleet. However, where PoC offered depth and complexity, in this it isn't difficult to achieve what you want to achieve, it is a fun(ish) time-waster for a few hours before you realise it is severely hampered by lack of depth. It is PoC but done half-hearted at points where it matters. I've just sent two ships off from New York to Algiers, loaded with medicine, to finish a contract off. Both ships for some mysterious reason left without their loads. In PoC I would turn them round and ignore the bug, here you can't: You cast-off, that is it.In PoC part of the minigames was that you would manoeuver the ship in tricky situations, ice, reefs, castaways. Here you either damage your ship or have to wait for an unknown time. I am fine with the minigame element being gone, but now I haven't got a clue what determines how long you wait, it doesn't tell you (unlike PoC), but having a ship sail ""round a reef"" just of the Galician coast and it taking 12 days... It could have been in the Antarctic by that time. Some of these aspects feel like they've just been put in to slow down the player for no apparent reason.The game is a lot easier. The upgrades to ships are a potentially nice addition, but instead are a sure-fire way to rolling in cash in no time. Once you unlock radioactive goods and weapons, you rake in the cash. I feel there is a massive missed opportunity here. They've introduced a reputation system, why not link it to that? Other goods are already linked to it, also - gaining rep should be A LOT harder, now it is linked to being on time a lot, which is the easiest thing to achieve, it should be linked to the state of your ships, quality of your crew-training, quality and quantity of subsidiaries, average cost per TEU. Reputation in turn should determine the quality of the contracts you can achieve, you begin hauling fish from Iceland to Germany for a few years, after demonstrating you can do that and keep your ship in good condition, you might get the opportunity to bid for another contract and so on.This game COULD have been a brilliant and legit successor to the PoC throne, what it should have done was offer MORE depth, not less. The new additions really don't help and the fact that management of the fleet is now so simplified reduces its value even more. Instead of putting different goods-types central it should have gone down the route of: Container-ships/Bulk-carriers and contract-work only, you know, like the real world? It should have an AI, also bidding on contracts. Real life margins in this business are cut-throat, yet after playing a few hours in the sandbox on medium difficulty I have 15 top of the range ships and billions of dollars to instantly expand my fleet - but there is no reason to. All I do now is send ships from one radio-active port to another and rake in the cash.Real shame as it is a huge missed opportunity. Sims become great when they have more depth, not less. Look at Paradox games for an example of how to get that right."
76561198004816004,Recommended,289930,17959641,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Mikey,"OK, this review is primarily for the campaign game as I still am in the progress of completing it.THE GOOD:If you remember Ports Of Call, this game has a very familiar feel to it.  So much so that I would consider it the spiritual successor to that fine game.  The ship docking is nearly identical, smaller feeder ships are more difficult to dock than the larger post panamax & larger ships that have side streamer jets that will allow much better maneuverability than the tiny ships.Many varied ports are available worldwide to sail into and each port has very unique feel to it.  Hamburg & Santos are especially technical and can be quite challenging and fun to sail into at full speed.  They have an option to pay a tug to skip the manual docking for a fee based on your ship size.  The fee can be quite a hit to the profitability of the runs... Which leads me to the Bad...THE BAD:Profitability:  I have noticed that the smaller ships, while they carry much less cargo, and in some cases are significantly slower, are FAR more profitable than the larger ships.  Cargoes are 3 to 5 times more profitable per container than the larger ships.  THIS IS A COLOSSAL FLAW IMO, and a huge reason that my fleet of over 200 post panamax ships is starting to bog down my computer.  I refuse to make runs where the cargo value for my huge UCLV ship is equal to a post panamax ship 3 size classes smaller.I have found that there are ways to crock the game model by leaving feeder ships in the company contract ports to generate hordes of tiny highly profitable contracts meant for feeder ships, but this exploit should not be needed.  The value of the cargo should remain similar through all the ship classes to motivate players to want to get the giant ships (which are a blast to drive) because they are big money as well as big fun.  Instead I am forced to slog through thousands of port tug fees to remain profitable.  Which leads me to the UGLY...THE UGLY:  The worst part of the campaign is the outright thievery of the investor.  The first several status upgrades come along at reasonable intervals and have logical milestones to nudge the player to create a shipping empire.  Once the player hits the Magnate level though, the game bogs down into mindnumbing repetition.  The game becomes a treadmill of completing company contract after company contract.  The fun ""quests"" of filling a whole slew of varied contracts to a specific city are no more.  The ""driving quests"" where you are tasked with parking several of each ship are gone.Tycoon level is the worst though.  Your only goal is to gather enough money to buy out this thief, who wants roughly triple the value of your empire when you hit Tycoon.  That wouldn't be so bad if I hadn't spent the entirety of the game building up a world spanning empire.The main problem is that the thief/investor comes in every 3 months and steals 25% of your cash!  This game mechanic alone is almost enough to stop even the most diehard players in their tracks.  I have found that after a point, it becomes nigh impossible to break through this crock of a game mechanic and actually succeed and ""win"" the game.All in all I would give a thumbs up to the game as a whole, but not the campaign.  While the campaign starts out great, it ends like the Hindenburg explosion...  OH THE HUMANITY of repetition!I have read the previews for Transocean 2, and multiplayer mode sounds like great fun. For now though, I have to agree with may other reviewers.  Grab the game on sale, and enjoy it.  Very likely it will be cheaper per hour of entertainment  than a movie, and when you create your own conditions for victory, the non-campaign could be quite enjoyable indeed."
76561197994443000,Recommended,289930,12247756,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Señor Kerman,"This is the first game I purchased via the Steam recommendations.  I am certainly not disappointed.  So far, I have 10 hours in the game, and I feel addicted.This is a fairly simple simulator/logistics game.  The game has a tutorial, and I'm playing through it.  However, if you played similar games, such as Cities in Motion or Railroad Tycoon, then you can probably figure this out.  You buy a ship, get a contract, and then deliver the goods.  You have investors, you can take out a loan, and your ship will need fuel and maintenance.  From that standpoint, it is very easy.  As you get more ships, you gain more capacity but lose some capability.  Eventually, you can create company specific contracts that require delivery of a certain good to a certain location; at this point the complexity starts to become apparent.  To keep it interesting, you also have to deal with storms, pirates, and fires at sea.While the game is fun to play, it still needs some polish.  I've had a few popup notifications remain on the screen.  I can play through them and sometimes get them to disappear, but its a bug.  While there are hazards, like storms and pirates, they purely random rather location specific, thus avoidable.  For example, I had a piracy near the Canaries, and I hit a storm with one vessel while another vessel sailed through the same area at the same time without the storm.  Personally, I find these oddities to be minor imperfections and potential room for growth in the development.  Overall the game is very solid platform and is good enough for this early release.A larger area for growth is the games focus on cargo container shipping.  I commented about this in relation to US ports on the forums.  I was happy to see the game designer respond within hours of my comments.  While my request won't go fulfilled for now, I'm satisfied knowing that they understand the issue.I'm definitely getting my money's worth from the game.  I think the game is playable for most ages.  If you are into sims like this, you'll love it.  If you prefer FPS games, then you'll probably hate this game as it is not meant for you.  I recommend this to all the simmers out there."
,Recommended,289930,13031238,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,[Messerchmitt] Meerkat,"Welcome back, my Ports of Call. :-)Simple but nice, if you know Ports of Call, here it is back in new livery - i like it."
76561198007351570,Not Recommended,289930,12292579,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,ScruffyBamboo,"The game gets very old, very fast.  It's incredibly easy to make a huge amount of money, and for a supposed business game, many things (like staff wages, stock market, competition) are absent.The graphics are quite pretty, and it's neat that each port is ""unique"", but you probably won't get to see most of them.  Not only is the port view extremely restricted, but very quickly you'll tire of manually docking and lauching the ships - there's not enough complexity in the ""mini-game"" to keep it interesting.  By the end of the first year, you'll most likely be auto-docking all your ships.  If not, you'd be docking HUNDREDS of times PER YEAR.Since there are no difficulty levels in the game, there's really no reason to replay the game once you've completed the career.  Freeplay is available, but it makes an easy game even easier.  The ships basically can't lose money (example: I'll often get a single delivery contract worth $25M.  The fuel costs for this trip are less than $1M.  Each ship can do this 2-3 times a month, so when you have multiple ships, well... unlimited money, if you have the patience to grind it). Ship upgrades are so cheap I just fully upgrade every new ship I buy (rendering the whole system kind of useless).Interesting concept, but they really needed to flesh out their game design in order to make it more fun to play."
,Recommended,289930,12817843,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Mikado,"If you never encountered the 90s classic Ports of Call Amiga game then this Tycoon merchant marine simulation game may open your mind to how oddly addictive and geeky this kind of game can be.It kind of appears to be another version of the Ports of Call game brought forward into the 21st Century though some of the features such as a few entertaining, sometimes nailbiting minigames are sadly missing which kinda like takes a bit of the soul away from what made the classic so popular many years ago.Despite a few shortfalls it is a nice translation of the old Amiga Classic where your family give you weird looks as you blurt the odd expletive trying to park a 400m long heavily laden ship moving at speed into what would probably be the shipping equivalent of a ""tight parking space"".I hope this game has some sort of expansion planned in the future to include more types of specialised transport ships and more minigames to broaden the experience and truly bring the game properly forward from its ancestral past.I found iceburg avoidance amongst other things a nice quirky addition that is sadly missing in TOTSCo.  Where I would have expected the sucsessor to PoC go would be to expand on these minigames for getting through storms, pirates, customs inspections and so on and so forth.  Despite this the campaign adds some ""depth"" into the simulation though I'm not too sure if it has the same charm as PoC.I do wonder what is up with the optmisation of the graphics.  I expected some exceptional water physics and ship modelling, sadly its not quite anywhere near 2010 graphic standards let alone 2014.  Maybe more to follow in future patches and updates?I'll happily wait for the hard working Devs to throw us a bone now and then.  In the meantime I'll continue to bemuse my family at playing a game of pure Geekdom! and yet again make another attempt to park this 400m long monster of a ship and beat my best time without a nick in the paintwork!...I hope. ^^"
,Recommended,289930,12228517,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Kaizan,"Decent game. Its very polished and plays well. The game offers exactly what its intended, a tycoon simulation trading on the seven seas.The love they have put into views is lost with the camera being fixed behind your ship, which is where the game tries to be different. It does not do it justice imo.Overall the game is good, but not worth its current price tag. if you wish to splurg and love tycoon simulations this game will entertain you for maybe a week max, a day if your experienced player."
76561197963659187,Recommended,289930,12248078,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ewana (WV),"Well, after 13 hours of playing,  I find it to be a very relaxing game....  As you get bigger ships, the ports seem to be alittle harder to get into... Game play itself is easy, the mini docking and undocking game makes it even more enteresting as you get to ""drive"" the ships to there docking and undocking points... I DO enjoy the game and hope to see some little inmprovements in the future.... OTHERWISE.... GREAT GAME for ME.... Nice addition to MY library of SIMS...."
,Recommended,289930,13232382,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,thelaw1021,"A lot of people thus far keep comparing the game to ports of call, and there are a ton of similarities between TransOcean and POC, you can choose to play the game more like the old DOS game Ocean Trader.  The game is fun to bring your ships into port and try to meet deadlines on contracts with your fleet of ships, however as the game progesses having to dock every single ship gets old fast.  However, if you like piloting ships into and out of port, then this game is for you.  I've gotten far enough into the game that I have ended up playing it more like Ocean Trader and using tugs when my ships have to dock.  I still enjoy relaxing and just racking up cash and expanding my fleet.Either way you play it, the game is quite the feat and well worth the money, especially if it's bought on sale."
,Recommended,289930,13229118,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Bishop,"As a big fan of transport simulator games like Transport Tycoon I jumped on this one. The game is fun, for the first 5 hours or so. Unfortunately it suffers from repetitive gameplay and the tedious management of your ships. When you start to have more than a handful of ships to control the game becomes overwhelming. Your life becomes docking ships, reloading them, and setting them to be repaired. Manually docking is also enjoyable at first but something you'll soon be more than willing to pay a premium to avoid. On top of this, the banker and her loan will be with you for a long long time. In 10 hours of game play I was still not close to being able to pay her off due to the requirements.It feels like there is potential here for the game to be better than it currently is. Right now it too quickly becomes a micro-management simulator. Even with the problems I'd still recommend the game as I feel like I got my money's worth out of it; just know what you're getting into before hand and only pick it up during a sale."
76561198030997093,Recommended,289930,12219063,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Daffy_D,"TransOcean - the new Ports of Call!If you liked PoC back in the day, you'll like this one too.It is basically the same, just with better graphics and features.If you are looking for a deep, mutitasking ""managing-a-company"" game, this is not the one for you.Hope for a big DLC sometime in the future to expand the type of vessels, i.e. tankers and others to transport other kinds of goods."
,Recommended,289930,21380886,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,[iP]Stave Darksabre,"Simply put its a great game, if you are interested in a game that is all about managing a network of ships, ensuring you can afford the ships, fuel, repairs and any fines you incure all the while needing to keep enough money in the bank to pay your greedy investor then this may be the game for you.The graphics are exactly what you would expect from a game that is essentialy a map and a bunch of finance screens, simple clean and easy to understand. The docking part of the game is quite fun but when you have 10+ ships can become very tedious to dock every ship. The advantage of actually docking yourself is you save the moring fee's and when it come to the most expensive ship in the game thats a lot of money especialy if you dock the ship and leave the port. So it comes in handy throughout the game and while you dont need to use it ever it can be useful (especialy if your ships is empty and you need to move to a different port and want to save some money), its also quite fun and challenging as some of the docks are very oddly shapped and possitioned. The graphics for the docking are nice clean and I expect will stand the test of time nicely.Every aspect of the game is fun, if a bit repetative, however with the docking mini game you can vary it up and keep the fun alive. It does become very repetative nearing the end of the game as you are simply trying to buy out your investor and the money you need is huge and can take a little too long to reach, which is the only real downside to this entire game. I wold have liked to have seen a few other elements like competiton with other companies and the such but alas not in this game. If the game starts to feel repetative try taking on a contract that is restrictive or try and get a chain of contracts, there are many ways to keep your interest, you just need to look for them.The tutorial is very good and is perfectly integrated into the main game so no need to stop and start. You follow the instructions and you start making money. My personal recomendayion is to always but the ship with the highest top speed and bigest hold, the distance it can travel is imaterial, especialy when you reach level 3 and 4 ships.Pro'sGraphics are simple and clean and will not feel dated in the years to comeA number of different challenges throughout the game.Piloting the ships are fun and challenging, the latter ships with thrusters, makes piloting a dream.Finding the best routes to make money is a lot of fun.Con'sCan be repetative, especialy later on.You will hate how much the investor takes from you and can be annoying when you simply want to finish the game.Becomes a little to easy in the late game.When you have 15 + ships it still takes forever to buy out the investorConclusion, this is a fun game that will keep you occupied for many hours, however its not for everyone and you need to be a tycoon fan to get the most out of this game, and even then trying to end the game will annoy you."
,Not Recommended,289930,12851130,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Decivox,"This game is only fun for a few hours, after that, you've basically seen it all.  It had potential, but unfortunately there isnt enough depth to the game to keep it fun and interesting.  If you are interested in checking it out, I would wait for it to go sub $5.  I feel robbed after paying close to full price."
,Recommended,289930,12832003,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,StarshipUK,"I rarely buy games this expensive and at full price, but something urged me to get this after the first major update of bug fixes was released. There seems to be a wealth of official and unofficial game remakes recently and I definately feel we are encountering another golden age of PC gaming. This game is unofficially similar to the old DOS game ""Ports of Call"". Even though I did find the storyline a bit weak, and the gameplay slightly tedious towards the end I still really enjoyed this game which I completed in under 20 hours in Normal mode. I may well attempt the game at hard level or try playing it with an erection at some point. I am hoping that perhaps add ons or a follow up game will be released to improve the game, but if you have fond memories of POC I am sure you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,289930,13988207,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,mark | dj.,"+ Manually docking your ship is fun at first+ Okay graphics+ It's like Euro Truck Simulator 2 but with ships (and less 3D)+/- Docking isn't fun anymore after 25 times of doing the same thing (but can fortunately be skipped if you have enough money- Becomes very repetitive- Performance issues, struggles whenever there's 3D involved[Rating: 71/100]"
76561197965744300,Recommended,289930,12865908,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,OBG{A}whiterp,I was quite surprised at how much I liked this game. I had only ever played one ship sim and gave up after 42 minutes. I was burned out on fps and horror/survival and just wanted to sit and play a game that did not drain me and this was just the ticket. It is really easy to learn the basics in the begining but gets quite challenging as you get into the economics of the game. I have played the campaign 3 times. The first I lost my companyto the investor. She means it when she says she will shut you down. Then once one normal and once on hard and I may play it again. I feel I more than got my moneys worth with this game.
,Recommended,289930,12230185,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,IronHorseman,"Finally after all these years a new game like Ports of Call. So far I am completely impressed as this game seems to do everything PoC did and more. Plus the graphics are really nice. I won't go into detail about everything it does, check out some let's play videos on youtube and it will give you a great idea. This game is polished and well done, I totally recommend it!"
76561198186117767,Recommended,289930,15044524,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,mikemos,"The idea of game is not bad, but requires additional motivation to the player for spending more time and reaches some targets. It starts boring to move the vessels in/out of ports many times, while the idea is a managing of Shipping Company. With a fleet size more than 100 ships the gameplay turns to a long-long row of mouth clicks. The player has to spend several hours to complete on month of game time. Another big issue, what to do with money?  My account grows to 10 billion and I have no idea where to invest.Hoping the Developers will read the comments of fans and apply the improvements to gaming process."
76561198028305550,Recommended,289930,13277456,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,coll912,"Highly reccomend for anyone who loves Tycoon games and/or Buisness Simulation games with a fantastic ballence between micromanaging and user-friendly UI when it comes to managment.The campaign is challanging and fun, especially with a story-line that enhances the game so much more than just simply playing on a freestyle mode without obsticles and concaquences which affect your company name and rank for the good or bad.Great game for Tycoon lovers and those who enjoy Management"
76561198027148010,Recommended,289930,21221759,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,larwin41,This game reminds me of Ports of Call a game made in the 80s. But it's in 3d. It also plays similar to port royale but doesnt take as long to rank up in the game. I really like this kind of game. This one has good graphics too. I bought it after having it on my wishlist for a while and saw it was down in price so I bought it. This game is easily worth full price. I'm glad I purchased it. If you really like games for trading and making profit this game is a good game. And it takes less time to complete the game than port royale which i still like. I give it a 9/10 game cause i really glad I bought it but it seems to have one bug I found so far. There's a bug that has to do with weather you use tugs or not and it leaves a box for it on right side of screen.  You can remove these box(es) by saving and reloading the save.
76561198051193014,Recommended,289930,15918567,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Nightwolf,"Be warned!!!  The developers have moved on to making  a TO2 so support for this if it has not already will die. The game is buggy sometimes game crashingly so but not frequent for me. This game also does not do anything new or revolutionary in any way shape or form and lacks any depth of any kind!!!!That being said, now that you know what you are getting is it still worth it?For me yes.If you like economic sims and are looking for a timer killer this is pretty good to fill that spot and focusing on shipping only is a unique aspect.Would i cough up $20 for it? no.. wait till it goes on sale.Its a point and click adventure and the learning curve is not all that steep. Click boat A and find the most profitable route... pretty much the entirety of the game right there.They touted how they accurately modeled the ports.... wish they had spent that time on making a better game but meh..."
76561198013363137,Not Recommended,289930,12274059,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Chop84,"If you're interested in an navel-merchant game, then the Patrician series is a better option (and much cheaper). Also, the physics of stearing the ship inside the the dock area is unrealistically arcade-esque and a pointless feature from my point of view.In conclusion, buy Patrician 3 and Ship simulator instead for the best of both worlds."
76561197993132300,Recommended,289930,13247271,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Resting_Beardface,"One of my favorite games growing up was ""Ports of Call by Rolf ""Dieter"" Klein"", and playing this brings back some great memories.  I love the whole gameplay, however it did lose a bit of it's polished feel when you get the really big ships and can trade internationally.However - there are still bugs.  Upgrading the smaller ships to carry medical supplies, and bring still unable to properly transport them until you have the bigger ships that have the same capability, just with refridgeration was frustrating and not so intuitive.  But this only happens on the primary ship, and not on your other ships.  Recently I was unable to fuel the ship after loading with cargo which was odd.  Still a ways to go to getting it stable, but it is early access so you get that.This is a genuine ""holy heck, it's 2am"" game, and a lot of fun.  Looking forward to the finished product."
76561198006612056,Recommended,289930,12574917,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,frankjr_2,"Very Rewarding.Set-up with some care going in.Simple pricipal, Loads of Fun.You can play for very long periods of time. Addicting..Call me simple, but I Really enjoy playing this game...Keeps your mind thinking, when you ""play"" the game.Enjoyment Level...10Ease to Learn.......10You can see where this going right?...Sorry,Gotta get back to playing, just got caught by the Federalis for contraband, lost time load and reputation...OMG..Hey guy's, it's a game for entertainment and not everyones like in entertainment is the same so I happen to like this form, doesn't mean everyone will.."
76561198031634808,Recommended,289930,12733693,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,QuartalsIrrer,"Well, it certainly is fun to play. That said, what you're buying isn't a business simulation with ships, but rather a ""send ship from a to b to c"".If you want something where your actions have direct consequences on global markets or you want to mercilessly drive your competition out of business, play the Partrician/Port Royale series, or get Ocean Trader, it's ancient, but an actual simulation.TransOcean doesn't let you automate anything, everything is based upon one time contracts, you have to micromanage every sincle ship, which in the beginning makes you fast-forward a lot and later, with several ships, stops the game everytime a ship docks at a port. If a shipping company would actually work like this, they'd be broker faster than you can say ""Panamax"".Still, for some reason, I haven't been able to pull myself away from it. It's not great, but it is enjoyable."
76561198028007451,Recommended,289930,12967623,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,coleto,"I really liked this game. You get a good sense of progress as you spend your time. It is exactly what I wish to play right now, but not to everyone's taste. It is the best container ship company simulator, but it is not a very popular genre.It is not a very complex game, and it is rough around the edges. Parking ships can be fun, though it interrupts the tycoon flow."
76561197982833337,Not Recommended,289930,12229262,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,RatBastage,"There is almost no game here. Here is the game in a nut shell.1. Select highest value cargo from list.2. Click button to auto undock (Or spend 3-5min undocking to save a tiny amount of money)3. Wait for boat to get to new dock.4. Go to step 1Later on pirates will attack at random and steal ships from you (Or you can pay more than the ship is worth as a random)I put a few hours into the game and still have no idea how you are supposed to be able to buy larger boats, it said I could do it, but never showed any for sale. Not that I needed them, money comes in far too easy.This game needs a lot of work to be fun IMHO."
76561198006738566,Recommended,289930,13359409,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,alberdan,"Very Great Game !!! . If you like/love games like PoC , Der Reeder , Hanse , Patrizier or Port Royal you might find a game which you would like either.You should give it also a try if you like games like Industriegigant, Transport Tycoon, OpenTTD a.s.o.The only thing which is missing, is a multiplayer mode (hotseat would be fully satisfying)  which all of the above include."
76561197999952323,Recommended,289930,13264514,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,nubbi.1,"Works realy good, performance of the contract list could be better if you have 5+ ships in one habor, if you like ""Der Planer"" from the 90s you'll love it."
76561198115701096,Recommended,289930,12796258,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,bendekiller,"Awesome game, but I must be the worst smuggler ever because every time I smuggle cotraband I get caught, litteraly EVERY SINGLE time. Still an amazing game though."
,Recommended,289930,13475674,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DJ MAJID,"Fun game to waste your time with, although i wish you could customize your ships more. Otherwise great game if you tend to have a fetish for logistics and business"
,Not Recommended,289930,15932107,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,SaniK,"everything was fine with the game the two things that killed it for me was the poor map view and boat graphics, just look like thin cigarettes moving around & the manual docking mode is sooooo incredibility tedious, unrealistic, rudimentary and boring. They even have the &%$#! to force you to dock the biggest and hardest boats for a story line mission! I hate it. Otherwise pretty fun game."
76561198031545484,Recommended,289930,17758701,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,crazy_charlie321,"Not a really difficult game, some nice logistics.What's it about:In the campaign you begin in Europe and from there you spread to the world, obviously ships will get bigger and you will make a lot of money in the campaign but you have to keep in mind you have to buy your company back from the investor. I have bought the company back, took me slightly over 60 hours of only campaign game-play. I have not had any game-breaking bugs so far, so no severe ones that I encountered. Theres only the loss of frames when moving the view in docks when multiple ships are in the same dock, though I almost never do that. Further more.. you can manually dock and cast off your ships (press spacebar when manually taking control it is fun) which will not cost you any money.. it will when you auto do it.Free play?Yes there is that option, have not reached that point yet.Recommend it?Yes, but I read they are making TransOcean 2. So it is up to you to buy this one or wait for the new one."
,Recommended,289930,13278373,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,"Ami, Daughter of Arke",Nice relaxing game that still manages to encourage sharp wits. Not one I find myself wanting to play all the time but it's good for every now and then.I'd recommend it at the very least for when you want time off from your other games.
76561197990426151,Recommended,289930,12248967,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,AaronWestley,"Keep your eyes on this oneWhere this game goes will be dependent on how the development team patches the game.  As of now I have 4 hours of time played, and financially there seemed to be no difficulty even paying for tugs from the very start.  Right now the difficulty lies in manually docking, and not getting in over your head in taking on company contracts.TransOcean does hold potential to evolve into a great game, so long as the devs have programmed it so it can be adjusted.The game features pop up events akin to the old game from the 90's called Ocean Trader.  In  Ocean Trader you would buy goods at a port, and then deliver them someplace else to sell them at a profit.  In TransOcean everything is contract based, so there's no risk in buying a bunch of goods you might get stuck with selling at a loss.I have been unable to get the game to run in Nvidia 3D vision which is a disappointment.This game has a simplistic and relaxing feel similar to Farming Simulator, for that I would recommend it.  Be warned, there is not much difficulty in the game yet, and if you are someone who needs to be pushed to excel, might want to wait this one out to see where the patches take it."
,Not Recommended,289930,17303981,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Yunu,"Don't buy it, had the potential but now it buggy and no longer supported by developers.It would have been a fun and killer game if they spent more time on graphics and replayability. Game keeps on bringing same stuff just the numbers increase. Shallow design.I hate the fact that the developers moved to v2 after 6 months from release of mac version.Also;Saves don't work. I can only play through the session, its an obvious bug but no patch on the horizon."
,Recommended,289930,28975673,Posted: 3 January,all,Eldarduil,if you miss old dos game Ports of Call. This is the game you are looking for.
,Recommended,289930,12308910,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,[BIO]Nighguy,"Among the German-style simulation game genre, this one is a gem with tons of polish. There are still minor bugs, but I haven't run into anything game-breaking or that couldn't be resolved without a quick restart.The docking/undocking minigame is a fun diversion that lets you see the beautiful port cities. As some have mentioned the camera angle is somewhat limited denying you a full panorama, but it's not too terrible. You can zoom out further once you unlock bigger ships, but the camera is locked between about 45 degrees and straight top-down.The rest of the game is pretty well balanced. There are some random events that provide enough risk/reward to gamble on transporting illegal goods for example, or good you don't own a license for. Sometimes you can get away with it and sometimes customs will seize your haul and hit you with a big fine.It still remains profitable to keep your starter ships as well. Your $/ton scales depending on the size ship you have. Smaller ships have the highest $/ton while the largest have the smallest, making up for it in sheer bulk.The campaign puts a progression track in while putting a wrench in the gears every so often to keep things interesting. You will get contracts you were forced to agree to from time to time that have a tight deadline and require a great deal of coordination to pull off.Overall, a very polished experience in this genre, and I would highly recommend it if you're a fan of the genre already. If you are a new player, give it a try. If you don't find your zen playing this type of repetitive game, this genre may not be for you, and that's ok!"
76561198059254862,Recommended,289930,12289157,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,RA1,"I dont know why people are complaining about this game, its not easy and the money is not easy to get!Actually, this is a game that you might stay for hours playing it, not because your in love with the story. No, but because your ambition is telling you ""i want more!"", and no matter how much you feed it, there is still more to do!For god's sake i spent 27 hours already, but there is a lot more to do!! And Thats why i recommend this game. Sure its easy to get a million, but million is nothing these days (and this game) because everything costs a lot more! if you buy something too soon you might get yourself into debt. And its a lot harder to get into debt than to get out (Depending on how smart you are) and this is where the fun begins!So i totally recommend this game, i am a fan of the patrician series. And have been hoping for another trading game for years. This game is fun. And gives you an idea of how trading is done these days, so you actually learn something by playing it!Seriously, whats with the 0.8 hrs bad reviews..."
,Recommended,289930,13654726,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Loli Assassin,"TransOcean is a great management game with surprisingly addictive gameplay, trying to manage each ship as it sails across the globe is fun and being able to dock manually both breaks up the monotony and serves as an interesting gameplay mechanic (free docking) the game does have it's flaws though. While each port is beautifully rendered, they are poorly designed, often forcing ships to take odd routes, without a tug or bow/stern thrusters your ships are sometimes forced to take extra long routes or to take damage while docking or undocking; they also often have inconveniently placed obstacles like islands and landmarks, which wouldn't be so bad if the ships felt right. The ships feel like they slide around far to much, it's almost like they're turning from a point far forward of the actual rudder of the ship, additionally the top speed is 10 knots, less than 20 miles per hour, but looks to be about 100 miles per hour. All in all they just feel wrong and if they were tweaked a little would feel much better.These facts are by no means dealbreakers, and the game is fantastic even with them. If I was to suggest some changes; in addition to fixing up the ship handling (turning should be tighter, speed should feel lower and all ships should have thrusters) and the port design; I would find a way to spice up the map view a bit, it's quite dull at the moment. I would also prefer some adjustments to how the map works, clicking ports in Europe can sometimes be a challenge once the full map opens up since the game never remembers your zoom level and the ports in Europe are so close. The map outside of Europe also feels quite empty, with very limited options in North and South America.Hopefully this review doesn't sound too negative, but I find that negative points are often more useful in deciding if I want something or not. I recommend this game fully as a solid entry into any managment game fan's library."
,Recommended,289930,12490718,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Xenon,"Well there are some good gaming hours hidden in this game. If you miss Ports of Call from the good ol' days this is your thing.I had though expected a bit more of an update, with varieties to shipping. It's more than containers :)"
76561197971392644,Recommended,289930,12576373,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Solmyr,"I find this a good game, theres not lots of shipping games these days. I was a huge fan of Ports of Call and Ocean Trader, I think this gamne is realeted to Ocean Trader."
76561197989685216,Not Recommended,289930,12262754,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Blackcobalt,TransOcean is ok at best. Its difficult to get going and start earning money to buy another ship. You can make good money from smuggling but chances are you loose your shirt when customs bust you. The share holders demand their cut of your money as well. Plus repairing your ship and sitting in the habour waiting for repairs is costly.Theres not alot to this game. There are no other tycoon options for this game such as stock/share take over. Only one corp logo and nothing that will hold your interest after 1 hour of game play. If you enjoy sitting for hours trying to grind a few pennies to buy a ship without loosing your shirt ...go for it.
,Recommended,289930,12215453,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Korskarn,"The game is great, good graphics and detailed ports. It is a lot like Ports of Call though.Some people might find game repetitive but there is lots of options to keep it interesting like smuggling.I would like options to paint your own ship and create logos for your company though.Game has great potential if developers listen to users."
,Recommended,289930,23280281,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,GrenadeBait,"Yes, I would recommend......to fans of turn-based empire managment simulations that also have an interest in sea-borne commerce and merchant marine.>|< Quantatitive Rating = 7 out of 10 >|<______________________________Observations and other musings...This game is a lot like any management game, like space empire building without the conflict of war. In this case your focus is on fleet building and freight management. They have put in a lot of antagonist elements that take the place of conflict-based issues of other games, like an investor that you have to buy out eventually, otherwise the ♥♥♥♥♥ keeps saddling you with difficult contracts (missions) that set you back. Also, her quarterly dividend is 10% of your company's holdings: So when I as at nearly a billion $ in the bank and many ships in my fleet, she came along and was taking nearly $200 million every quarter.The game is primarily a management game at the strategic map level. There is a 3D mini-game where you can pilot your ships in and out of the ~60 ports, each rendered on actual ports. You don’t have to do the mini game, but it costs you harbour pilot fees to dock and undock, so I usualy pilot the big ships myself and let the harbour pilot do the smaller ones, because the fees for the big shps are crazy!They could do so much more with this game though: The only online element is that the price of commodities you ship is driven by what all the other players are doing in their games (if you want true online multiplayer you need to buy TOSC: Rivals), otherwise it is a private single player experience; They could have also had a design and build your own ship element (currently you can only buy new or used predefined ship classes); They also could have had far more ports with greater variation in freight and range of commodities; I would have also like to see a 3D first person on the bridge feature to reallt challenge you in the mini-game.I have to admit that I am enjoying the management side of it as well as the gamification aspect of the quests/challenges/missions. However, I can see how after a while it will seem pointless and get boring. Maybe it would be different on a more diffilcut level, but the introductory 'easy' level is too easy, but that’s where the excelent tutorial and assistance feature sits, so that what I started with.I also have to admit that I am using Excel to help track things: I have a 4-sheet .xlsx that tracks the ports, freight, ships, routes, contracts, challenges, etc., becasue the in-game lists and tracking are not as effective at getting at ithout closing existing screens. It could have done the interface a lot better."
76561198066523776,Recommended,289930,24056895,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,matheus_hk,"""6/10. A casual trading game to chill at."" - My Own Rating.Warning: This is a casual trading game to chill at, not Patrician on Patrician difficulty level, not Uncharted Waters Online, not even a sailing game.I'll agree with anyone who says this game is too easy. Because it is. You don't really have to worry about most of the details. To be honest, I just grab the highest speed ships and upgrade everything I can. Then I pick highest value trades at each port and move on at full speed.I haven't docked or left docks manually a single time, I haven't worried about fuel price or consumption once. I also haven't had a bad profit trip either. The only thing I worry about is not picking two different destinations with deadlines if I can't reach both in time. In other words, this is a chilling game. Just like watching a fireplace. Not challenging, but soothing."
,Recommended,289930,13645377,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,OneNeptune,"Pros:+ Zero bugs that I encountered, this isn't a sim game you're going to have to worry about crashing.+ Simple interface.+ Easy to learn after a brief tutorial.Cons:- Mind-numbingly simple. In the 1.5hr I played, I felt like I'd topped any concept of a ""challenge"" all that was left was a grind, I was raking in millions, had a massive fleet.- No competition, once you get rolling cash wise, there's no competitors or anything else to stop your progress.Overall:I can't say I DON'T recommend this game, as the developers did an excellent job of polishing it, and while the game is simple, it's everything the developer promised. I don't feel it's worth what I paid, but hopefully decent sales will encourage the developer to be a bit more ambitious in the future - they're clearly good at releasing a bug free product."
,Recommended,289930,12466984,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,R3SiST0R82,"A really well made clone of ""Ports of Call"". Easy to get into, not too complex, just a fun trading sim. I kinda miss the more complex details that the old PoC had, like deeper statistics (revenue per ship!) and the ability to split contracts to carry them with multiple ships.But all in all it is a fun game!"
76561198008368292,Recommended,289930,12747633,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Jega Grant,"Good game, especially if you like to be a manager!  Time can seem to speed away while playing this game."
76561198151818473,Recommended,289930,12538775,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,oocharlesnewoo,"This is the kind of game that you play when you want to just lay back and relax. If you like transportation or city building games, then this is for you. I've been playing TransOcean for quite a bit of time now, and I still have lots more left to do and explore. I've still got about a third of all the ports left to explore. For some people, this game can get boring quick, but for others (like me), it's fun for ages.The game is a bit simple, and that is what makes it more of a relaxed type of game. I think that there is still quite a bit to add (maybe nighttime ;) since this game has just been released recently, and I hope that they go the right direction with it. I recommend it for anyone who likes simulation or transport games."
,Recommended,289930,16613394,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jekkis,"I tried running a business behaving like a choir boy. I did not accept shipments of questionable or counterfeit goods nor did I transport anything my fleet is equipped to transport. The investor woman in the game is still nagging me every once in a while and my business is going nowhere.So I restarted to transport whatever I feel like, whenever I feel like and in a vessel that *I* decide to be suitable for the transportation. My fleets get inspected every now and then, but I don't care because lol police/customs/authorities. I'm now cruising the seas like a boss with ULCV class vessels that won't even fit through the ♥♥♥♥ing Panama Canal and the nagging investor ♥♥♥♥♥ is gone."
,Not Recommended,289930,22985576,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,andrewsav,"This game does not scale nicely into the endgame. When you have a few ships in the beginning, it's managable. But tedium of managing them ramps up. You cannot set up trade routers, you need to manually attend every ship arriving or departing from every port. EVERY SHIP arraving or departing. EACH TIME.Due to that I was not able to finish the game as after quite a few hours doing the same thing over and over again I lost patience. Contracts feel like they were cupposed to add variaty, but in fact they make the whole thing worse, because now you are bound to shuttle beween two ports specified in the contract many times and this gives you even less creative choise than without. I have a feeling that this game could have been much better.We all hoped that the next installment improves it. but apparently this has not happened, which is a shame."
76561198005651197,Not Recommended,289930,12417070,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Wotoken,"I've been starving for a decent business simulation for a while. This is NOT a game where your savvy and cunning help you to outwit your competitors.This is a game where you find the most lucrative contracts and send your ship. Early on you have to endure parallel parking on steroids by docking and berthing your ships out of port.There's no challenge.I've put a decent amount of time in this game hoping that I could possibly face AI or have spheres of influence, market repurcussions for repeatedly shipping the same item to a port and oversaturating a market. Things like this don't come into play. It doesn't matter that Canada has a lucrative logging industry Halifax will still pay a competitive price for raw lumber.There's no automation of any kind, no monopoly building; many mechanics that could have tweaked this game from ""meh"" to enjoyable.It's a hollow experience. Knowing what I know now I'd like my money and almost 20 hours of my life back."
76561198024640703,Recommended,289930,12813416,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,anthonyjohnadlington,This game is greatlots to love about this game!!!Its worth the time and money you will get hours of enjoyment!!!
,Recommended,289930,19421974,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dhassell,Most enjoyment i have had for a long while! Really enjoying managing all the ships you can buy and trying to also keep up with the endless payments from loads of different people! Also Trying to keep track of all you're ships! Has been a very enjoyable '7 Hours' in the past two days and i look forward to playing more!
76561197976652861,Recommended,289930,16014139,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Masefield,"Recommended overall if on sale, with some caveats.I liked this game a great deal overall, despite the criticism I'm about to give it. It's been good value and good fun for me. Read on to see if it's for you.This is a Tycoon game, not at all an accurate ship simulator. It's really more logistics oriented, and the financial aspects are weak. The simplistic mini-game of docking ships helps break the tedium, especially early on, but itself becomes tedious, particularly due to the lengthy loading times. I had no difficulties with the mini-game and I am decidedly not a twitch fast reflexes gamer. That said, casual or older gamers might not like the ship docking mini-game; fortunately it can mostly be skipped at the cost of some revenue. As the game progresses you'll likely be skipping it more and more.I'd like to say it accurately depicts running a shipping company, but it really doesn't. The financial side of the game is incredibly weak and simplistic, with poor tools (no concept of a balance sheet or even a proper income statement, and some very strange criteria for a successful quarter. (e.g. there's an effort to calculate return on investment, but little concept of the passage of time, so back-loaded heavy ship purchases make your quarter 'unsuccessful' and you lose reputation.)That said, the logistics (while simplistic compared to a genuine shipping company) are a nice thing, and piecing together company contracts and profitable semi-sustainable routes can be enjoyable for those who like that kind of thing.Random events can be pretty irritating with wildly disproportionate penalties. More frequent cargo inspections with lower penalties would make more sense from a gaming perspective; as it is, the user is just tempted to reload when a potentially company-destroying penalty is applied randomly every couple of hours.A couple of major downsides: some have reported major bugs, particularly in late game. While I've not yet encountered game-destroying bugs, I have encountered extreme slowdowns in the interface later in the game, especially with several ships in port. These lead me to suspect the coding to handle shipping consignments is at best weak and poorly optimized.The final negative point is this, and why I cannot recommend paying full price. It's a quite good game for the first little bit, but the endgame feels very rough and unfinished. The tools to manage a large group of ships (50+) are quite poor, and the developers have indicated they are focusing all efforts on a version 2. At this point the game is more-or-less abandoned. This doesn't mean it's not worth buying; it does mean I don't believe its worth paying full price even if you love tycoon/financial/business games.TL;DR: Good if on sale and you like tycoon/financial games. Seems rough and unfinished late in the game. Very enjoyable for what it is."
76561197967383609,Recommended,289930,13690208,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Zig,"Was fun for a few hours, but quickly became repetitive.  Seems fairly easy, no competition, nothing really different ever happened.  Once I unlocked all the ports and all the ships then I stopped playing.Fun to kill a few hours, but not a game that your going to back for more.I will recommend it but only because it was fun for while, maybe some more content might make me want to play more."
76561198032267380,Recommended,289930,14472050,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ichinin,"Short review: I loved Ports of Call - and i played this for 7 hours straight.Long review: Nice modernised version of PoC. Not one single hickup in 7 hours, thats nice coding. And i have not visited the forums for any help whatsoever - the game is quite intuitive and you pick things up fast.At first i thought ""Hey, its only a map of Europe"", but after you visit each port in the Free game mode, the entire world unlocks. Like with Ports of call, there aren't enough things to buy for your money. The game designers have gone with the ""Euro Truck Simulator 2"" moneysink - Buildings in each town that do... errm...well, they make you feel good about yourself.Like with PoC you can command your own ships, i have done this a billion times in PoC on the Amiga and on the PC version and skipped that totally. Automatic docking fees may seem a bit high at first, but when you see how much money you make per trip it becomes small change.I really liked the ability to upgrade and somewhat specialise your ships (Cooling unit for chemicals or Anti-shake for electronics), but it would be nice to have some sort of template thing for this so you do not have to upgrade a billion ships every time you buy em. And you can take as much cargo as the ship can hold, which makes going from port to port to pick up additional cargo more essential to maximise your profits, at least early on before you get 20 mil for shipping some antique cargo containers in your Panamax ships.For a PoC clone, some things are missing - there are no icebergs and you do not save sailors for status points, this subracts from the whole ""ship simulation"" feel. The music is well done and the graphics are.. sufficient. Overall, this is a good game, even if you missed out on PoC you may end up playing this ship business simulator for days."
76561198031486819,Recommended,289930,14912600,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Explorer,"A different take on Simulation Games, (this is not THE PERFECT game, but...) a very good one, indeed.if you like to play ANY simulation game, don't doubt about getting TransOcean, it's entertaining, relaxing and very, VERY likeable.The Docking sequences work more like a minigame than an actual -thing you have to do- but you'll want to dock your ships manually... at least the first 100 times, hehe...Good job for the developers. Thumbs up :)"
76561198052743399,Not Recommended,289930,34512183,Posted: 26 August,all,BobDoleReigns,Interesting game but absolutely no depth or point... feels like playing stupid minigames is all you actually do
76561198105523295,Not Recommended,289930,33894794,Posted: 29 July,all,AnalogAutomat,"Pretty much good old Ports of Call in new wrapping. Very easy to master, and basically a math simulator."
76561198083715600,Not Recommended,289930,13483897,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,checkfire_14,"Having a horrible problem with it crashing.  I havent even been able to play, crashes randomly every five minutes."
76561198045606366,Recommended,289930,14038902,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rock_It_Science,"Pros- Great economy system- Impressive amounts of ships- Great Casual game if you don't want to pay much attentio to what you're doing, and can be an amazing in-depth game if you want to plan out every job with how much the fuel costs and maintenance compared to the payout- Even has a feature of taking illegal jobs which pay much better, but there is always the off chance that you're boat is checked by customs (I have yet to have been caught)- I love how hard you have to work to get to the next level of ships; to be able to sail the next biggest ship is just so gripping- I have yet to find a bugCons- Multiplayer is pretty much useless, the only thing it does is change the price of gas based on who goes to what ports, which creates a multitude of useless notifications on the side that I would forfit the feature just to get rid of- The docking system gets very boring and time-consuming. If you just want to play it as a econ sim then you can skip it for a very small fee- Reputation system is a useless addition- Can be grindyConclusion (tl;dr)A truely excellent economic simulation game, may be boring to those not interested in simulation games (if you found rct and the older simcities compelling, you will like this game)8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,289930,13939406,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Atton_Zila,Im sorry to say that but its going to freeze or giving bug when i try to play offline without internet.I'm seaman n i love this game than i can spend all my free time with this game on ship.But not every time have net connection on ship.So big problem for players for us.But generally i beileve that producer will fix this problem asap.ThnxP.S.:I'm still trying to play without net because i love this game.
76561198072728772,Not Recommended,289930,13795880,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cartoria,"I've played worse games, but this is kind of boring and repetitive-- Way too easy as well."
76561198163261811,Recommended,289930,26249918,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Stena Britannica,"I LOVE IT!!! It is a PERFECT shipping simulator, with ships you can buy at the beginning! And I love it, especially the current writing P&O is using! And as well, if anyone likes to know, I love the realism and stuff, plus the ships getting unlocked with ranks. That docking manually is very realistic, so realistic, in fact, that I have trouble without thrusters at ports with a single wharf designed as such that you have to slide your ship in. And those ships that can get in the way, my goodness, that is something! As well, why not make an update with new ship models? I mean, not the current ones, but new ships that can fill in big gaps between 1,000s of twenty-foot equivalent units, or TEUs? And, why not make something new to add, like the day-night cycle, where 1 half of the globe is in night, and the other is in daylight? Also, why not make a new series of video games: TransAir: The Air Shipping Co.?"
,Recommended,289930,17092994,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Pataties,About my only gripe is that it gets fairly repetitive towards the later stages and you tend to have to micro manage a lot.  A good game though.
76561198013252449,Recommended,289930,22077892,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,gary.tandem,Fun game
,Not Recommended,289930,14993297,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jakebob,"fun for a little while, but pretty simple and repetetive after that.  Replayability is very low.  Not worth $19.99... maybe $1.99"
,Recommended,289930,27401531,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Knuspar,"This game is awesome, its like a mondern day version of Ports Of Call, which was exactly why i bought it!Have 13 hours in it so far - have had a small break from it due to work and RL stuff, but I always enjoy this game."
,Recommended,289930,16605928,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jrobin330,"I've only played about 10 hours, but so far I like this game.  Just a few things for TO2 or if they are still fixing this game:Zooming in on the Contract List menu map would be helpful.Leave the zoom level where I set it on every map.The world map scrolls with the mouse wheel when the Fuel Price list is open, it gets really annoying.It would be cool to be able to see the status of repair for ships in the List of Ships menu, maybe with a mouseover.Have the cities highlight on the World Map when you mouse over their names in the Fuel List.Other than that, I plan to keep playing.  Thanks for a fun game!"
76561198024645569,Not Recommended,289930,13719765,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Terrortrygve,"I was really looking forward to play this game, but after it froze for the 7th time before my first ship could sail I lost hope. Cannot beleive this is a finished game."
76561198031442261,Not Recommended,289930,13643031,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,VAmooser,"If you are into games that are not well thought-out and ""crash"" frequently, then this is the game for you. Cute, but not a winner."
76561198098542740,Not Recommended,289930,12361562,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,grecusr,"I'm not the type who post reviews but I felt the urge to do so because I had better expectations for this game. TransOcean is becoming quite old after a couple of hours. Don't get me wrong, I am the type of gamer that can grind for hours on end, but there are so few gameplay elements within this game that it started to feel quite boring after a while. Still, this does not explain my urge to post a review for this, so why then? Because there are couple of things that, in my opinion, they should have been a must!The first and the most important missing feature is that you cannot order a custom ship. You are only able to buy pre-defined ships from the shipyard. I truly believe that it wouldn't have take that much developing time to add a couple of new menu pages + the code behind them and the result it would have definitely improve the strategy factor for the gameplay. Also the only ""type"" of ship is container one. Where are the oil tankers or the passenger ships? I mean, even the ore is transported in container ships? From my knowledge it is not the case. And the last major thing that bugs me is the fact that you can only take transport contracts. No possibility to purchase something that the port produces and sell it somewhere else, just transport contracts.Other nice feature addition, would have been to have ships or cargo insurance, and having some kind of simulated stock exchange. Also, some AI competition during the campaign would have been nice.About the game, decent graphics, and the ports have their own identity and you can zoom out to see the landmarks in the port, which is cool. Still, you will ""park"" your boat during the first transport missions as you really are low on cash, but after a while you will find yourself just using the auto-doc regardless of the costs, as you will have more than enough money to afford the cost. I also encountered some bugs, even though I did not made any effort in looking for them. One would be that while manually docking in England's port (can't remember the name now), the FPS drops quite badly if there is any ship in the port. Also it seems that there are some broken mechanics in the company contracts, after loading a save, you will get contracts that are 20+ mil in rewards, but after half an hour of gameplay, even bigger contracts rarely have rewards that pass the 6 mil barrier.All in all, I completed the campaign, I doubt I'll try the free play in the near feature, considering that I experienced a better similar game, this title will probably get lost in my library. If by any chance any developer will read this, please take an hour or so and play a 1997 game called Ocean Trader. It is a DOS game, and you will then probably understand why I cannot recommend this title."
76561197995027192,Recommended,289930,32302248,Posted: 9 June,all,Kaotic_Slaughter,Niche game. Ignore the low reviews. If you enjoy management games like this then it will be totally worth the purchase. If spreadsheet simulators aren't your cup of tea then you probably won't find it as fun.
76561198049674754,Recommended,289930,20554927,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,jooshpak,"I put in a couple of hours into it. I like the concept, but after you get the best ship, there's no point to go on (unless you're just into making fake millions). I got it on sale so it was worth the price for a couple hours of fun. It's a well made game, but it has no lasting value. I would hit the ""neutral"" button if there was one in Steam review. TO 2 will come out soon so I'll look forward to it."
,Not Recommended,289930,13477726,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rolsskk,"Avoid at all costs if you have a Mac!I cannot even complete the beginning tutorial without the game crashing, which loses all progess, forcing you to start from the beginning each time. Avoid this buggy game!"
76561198147045417,Recommended,289930,12981305,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,[GG]RangaBanga,"what an awesome game. been waiting for a game like this for a very long time, i recommend this game. best game i have ever bought"
76561198116082152,Not Recommended,289930,17407258,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Mr_Nicoll,"Although it's, off the bat, a really great game- minimal bugs, solid gameplay and stringent factors which vary the gameplay, it's not my cup of tea- As much as I'd love to get right into it, ship products all around the globe, captain and maneuver vessels whilst at the same time managing my company... the gameplay becomes repetitive and tedious.Don't get me wrong, the concept is awesome, the game is great (complete, minimal bugs, finished project e.t.c)- however it's just due to the repetitiveness- after playing just over 30mins, I kinda got borded of it. Needless to say, I'm definitely going to have a look into Transocean 2- a more refined and in-depth version of the game, due for release in 2016.Needless to say, the game is good, there are many aspects to it and are sure to keep the right person entertained. However, I just feel it's not for me- it's too repetitive and tedious for my liking."
76561198020505878,Recommended,289930,12311358,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,uFi Pr3dator,"What a game!! On first play it recommened the canpain as it has the tutorial, me being a man i went straight into it with out reading the instructions. Which acturily wasnt that bad,  buy a ship, name it and sail cargo around, make sure there is enough fuel to get you there. You improve ships performance and cargo abilities (engine, hull strength.. and soo on).At first you will have to sail the ships into the harbour, which is great fun when you have 1 or 2 ships in the end where im at with 16 ships is just easyier to get the tug in to pull and pay 200K.I will say i do like ranking system, rank up you need to buy ports, make contracts with companys (ship there cargo around), Buy ships (better ships) once thats all done you move up the ranking sytem to unlock bigger and better ships. Dont be dornted by the cost of the big ships worth 130 mill.I have only played 7.9 hours so far am im at 700 mil, 15 ports and still long way to go!What would make this amaing is if you could drive the ship from 1 st person view in side the cabin.  aswell as a free view allowing you to walk around cabin esppecially wings which could mean viewing side of the big ships when going into the harbor, one this make alot more challanging and 2 make alot ore fun when going into tight habours."
76561198068492534,Recommended,289930,16622002,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,rehreh,39h and still very addicted
76561198041703299,Recommended,289930,12301447,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Rapid_,Very nice game bit slow at first but it is fantastic game fun but hard to rank up :/I would get it if you like having a company :D
,Recommended,289930,12302783,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,smoothface202,"Not bad a game, fairly simple yet pretty deep. The game can go on for awhile but the concepts are very simple, could get bored at time because of the amount of generally repetitive work to do but, not bad... entertained me for a good while."
,Recommended,289930,12316083,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Desperado,"First impressions.Okay I had over €9M when I arrived in Rotterdam. I’m greedy so I decided that I’ll transport some contraband to Hamburg. The contract was €1.2M! So I loaded up and bravely set off for Hamburg … only to get stopped by the customs for an inspection of my cargo. Who said crime pays? It does not! I got a hefty fine of €2.3M, the cargo was confiscated and my ship was docked for 5 day – so docking fees are added to my punishment. It’s a pity I could not arm my ship with torpedoes.I have never played this type of game before and I must say I thoroughly enjoy it. The tutorial is adequate and the gameplay is not over complicated. You get to dock your ship in the harbours and can set best times. This is also applicable when casting off. As you progress new ships become available to purchase. Fuel must be purchased wisely because in some ports it is more expensive than in others. Your ship must be maintained in a seaworthy condition and you have decisions to risk and sail through storms or sail safely around it and hope your cargo can be delivered in time and hold thumbs that you have enough fuel to reach port. I would have liked to manage hiring and firing the crew but unfortunately that is not available. The graphics is not overly impressive but the game play very smooth and I did not notice any bugs either.So, buy this game, buy a ship and don’t transport contraband. Crime does not pay! I give this game a thumbs up."
76561197977450036,Not Recommended,289930,28493418,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Raezzor,Pretty fun if somewhat shallow game. Performance issues make it unplayable later on in the game for me. No word from the developers on a patch either. Consider this a deep discount buy until some of the UI and menu issues in ports and other portions of the game get fixed.
76561198010048267,Not Recommended,289930,13932894,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Dark Predator,"All I can say about this game,repetitive but fun.Would I play?-YesWould I recommend?-NoNot for everyone though.Trade simulation players would play this for 20-30 hours max.Thats all."
,Not Recommended,289930,14105780,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,SanDiegoNorman,"It was ok until later in the game when it became impossible to deliver on company contracts. At the port, you could not load the contracted merchandize for delivery to the contracted port. example, gioia tauro to buenos aires. a serious flaw that ruined a perfectly good game."
76561198120356482,Recommended,289930,14254151,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,pilotkyran,love this game. the best part i have seen in this game so far is the challenge to get back your company.
76561198098342149,Recommended,289930,15089140,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Abanderar,"Long time ago I had Ports Of Call, loved that game but even with an emulator I could no longer get it to work.Transocean appears 80% similar to that game, 1 day made tycoon level (easy setting).Only thing I somewhat miss is that the original had side quests, they still appear as text mesage now, encountered a reef was, back then , sail around or sail through the latter meaning take controls, also the save the survivers had you sail close by at low speed, not to run over them, unless you wanted to. Hope those little things may one day return in some update.To me great game glad i found it thx to my mate MrJagger"
76561198046072306,Recommended,289930,13475999,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ant Einz,"Wow, this is like ports of call. I love this game, it's more casual then a simulator. Economics and ships. Like i said. i loved the old POC, so i like this one!"
76561198054993391,Recommended,289930,23460965,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,schweebong,My son tells me that I like this game because it is basically my job.I like my job.I like this game.I guess I like smart♥♥♥♥♥son.
76561198100601771,Recommended,289930,12639194,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Wacko Wilko,i found this game great at the start but once i start getting towards the end of the campian at the part where i reached tycon next part of the mission getting  2bil $  it dam hard when invester take crap load of $$$ i quite after that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off haha but other than that it alright game
76561198035462945,Recommended,289930,23131534,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,So Ronery,"It is fun, a little too easy but a great time waster."
76561198269274912,Recommended,289930,19848017,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,jcnadeau,"great tycoon game, very well built and great graphics"
76561198067237299,Recommended,289930,23181784,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,zybber,Interesting and addictive game.
76561198143037139,Recommended,289930,16195171,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,rbeachbd,"TransOcean has got to be the best shipping game I've playrd yet.It has different types of cargo so you don't get tierd of hualing the same thing back and forth between each port.Yhere are many different types of ship but you need to work to earn the money,rank and reputatiom to buy new bigger and better ships.Just remember everybody starts a buisnes small and grows over time."
76561198041136706,Recommended,289930,16015320,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,petersly,"Anyone who played old Amiga classic Ports of Call and enjoyed it should consider this game. Ports of Call was great to be played with friends when I was 14, but looking back I find the game quite shallow. Game lost its appeal because simple economy model made buying and selling ships actually best way to make money.TransOcean is much better game - inspired by PoC, but doing everything better. I hope that future version of TransOcean will borrow inspiration not only by PoC, but also Der Reeder - this was another Amiga shipping game, with more depth in it.Anyway, I do recommend TransOcean - enjoyable, and there are no many shipping games on market."
,Not Recommended,289930,17166273,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,PotatoMan,"The business aspect of the game are superficial at best - There's no competition, no global fluctuations in the market, and all you can do is carry project cargo with container ships. Seriously, you can't establish liners services or anything; you're picking up one or two cargoes at best and essentially tramping. It's really not very complex, and the campaign is just a grind. The price of tug service doesn't make sense (It's about 50 to 1000 more than they cost in real life, seriously), and neither do the ship improvements - I have to stop a ship for two days to get a license to carry dangerous goods? Not only is firefighting gear an option, it's only available on the largest ships?If you're looking for a remotely realistic simulation of the shipping business, give it a pass.The ship simulation aspect is similarly basic... No transverse thrust on the propeller, only the larger ships have bow and stern thrusters, there's no wind or current and the ships don't have inertia. Seriously, the best way to make a dock perpendicular to the direction you started with is to speed up, then turn at the last minute and slide sideways into it, Dukes of Hazard style.Give it a pass, and be very careful when considering the new version."
,Recommended,289930,20576453,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The Singularity,"At the time of this review I've logged just over 20 hours in this game. At its current selling price that works out to about a dollar per hour of entertainment - pretty low cost entertainment if you ask me. The biggest downside to this game in my opinion: I can't image I'll ever need to replay the campaign. There simply isn't enough variation to make me want to do it all over again. Still, 7/10 in my book."
76561198156301654,Not Recommended,289930,12895700,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sage Creek Kid,"If someone is willing to spend several hours, or days, working through the various levels of achievement this game has--then see it all taken away in the space of 10 to 15 seconds--and for no apparent reason--this is the game for you!  Otherwise, STAY AWAY!This game is divided into difficulties of play:  ""easy,"" ""normal,"" ""hard,"" etc.  When playing above the ""easy"" level this game can be very frustrating to play.  The experience is similiar to one playing a ""rigged"" game in the very few casinos that have them.  This game has three main characters:  the ""investor;"" the ""assistant,"" and the ""old captain.""  The assistant is, basically, a tutorial device.  The information the ""assistant"" provides is useful.  The ""old captain"" will tell you if you did something wrong in docking at a port or sailing out of one.  The ""old captain"" also provides advice on how to maintain your ships.  The ""investor"" is a very sneeky and greedy individual.  The contract you are forced to sign with her (if playing in ""normal"" status or above) is so unfair that, in real life, an American court would probably rule such a contract to be void.  Without warning this ""investor"" is allowed to demand that you ship a list of goods to a port she has selected.  If you are unable to comply with this demand this ""investor"" can throw you out of the game.  Sometimes, however, this investor will let you off with a warning.The ""normal,"" and higher, categories of this game are sub-divided into various titles--""Consignor,"" ""Ship Boss,"" etc.  The player reaches these titles after completing certain tasks.  These tasks can take up to 3 to 4 hours of playing time for each title.  The BIGGEST problem with this game is the secrecy and lack of information the developers have, either, intentionally built into the game, or, the developers have no desire to make corrections to make the game rules clearer and fairer to the player.  You can be kicked-out of this game for no apparent reason.  The worse part is this game is, obviously, designed to kick you out only after several hours of play.  You may have progressed (as I did) to the third title; have 8 to 10 ships; and have a balance of 130 million Euros.  Then, for no understandable reason, the calendar starts spinning wildly (and NOT responding to the ""pause game"" or ""slow down"" keys) and your balance, likewise, starts wildly dropping.  After about 10 to 15 seconds you get a message that your company is bankrupt--thus, you've been thrown out of the game.  Of course, you always have the option to start a new game--with no credit or assets from the game you just got thrown out of!"
76561197989188942,Not Recommended,289930,12975547,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tsukasa,"Good concept but repetative execution. Could be run on a mobile phone, no competition (not that it would matter) and really just repetative.You will do the same series of clicks for hours on end. Sad since it had potential."
76561198062297432,Not Recommended,289930,17909690,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,holmen4220,"The game had great potential, but the developer failed to execute it. It's sad, cause it is a damn good game. I am not blaming the developer making a new title, but they could have done a lot more to this game. I thought they would have brought more features into this game, like stocks and other fancy stuff,  but boy I was dissapointed. I cannot recommend a game that just abandon a game that fast.Great game - suffers from lack of new content and updates. Really sad."
76561198074067766,Not Recommended,289930,12315807,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,FAHAD,"the game was fun the first few hours, after getting a high rank and have a large fleet you will barly go through a week in the game cuz if u get 15 ships you have to dock, get a contract, cast off, and you need to do it to every ship every time, and it gets really annoying docking these ships, wish if there was an option to hire a manager to a number of ships u select and foucus on completing long-term contracts and let the other ships do its thing. I know some people won't agree with me but i like to watch the cash flow.oh and the manual ducking sucks."
76561197981973885,Recommended,289930,13312134,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Mice,http://imgur.com/gallery/1HDjSMS
76561198064443202,Recommended,289930,20325574,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,camillea,Very well balanced and well thought out.  The focus of the game slowly changes from piloting to organising and keeps it interesting throughout. Highly recommended.
,Not Recommended,289930,16518442,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Silencer,"After 2 hours of game play:I've discovered that manual docking/undock is just♥♥♥♥♥♥ your basically just up against a clock, the fact you cut up 2 other ships to do it doesn't matter! but don't worry you can just use auto-docking!Also it appears you can't lose money unless your really incompetent! and there's no automation when it comes to management of the ships:- No auto re-fuel at each stop (an option to auto re-fuel when price in port is below a set amount would be nice)- You have to choose EVERY SINGLE load, I'm already dreading what that will be like with more than a few ships, surely when you accept a long-term contract you should be able to assign ships to it and leave them go? ultimately I would want to take on multiple long-term contracts and assign some ships to them in a loop so the ships always have loads on them.- It asks you how you want to dock EVERY TIME ANY SHIP ARRIVES AT A PORT!!! seriously? I'm tempted to say they should do away with the manual docking completely and spent the time saved expanding the rest of the 'game'After 4 hours:I can confirm there is absolutely no need to manually dock/undock, there is no gain by doing so, on the starter ships it will cost you 100,000 to auto-dock, which is affordable on all but a couple of jobs.I've discovered that you can lose money, reefs will randomly appear where there wasn't one before (because that happens!!!), they appear to be the only way so far that I can lose money... except of course the investor taking her money at seemly random times.So anyway, I got bored after the first 2 hours, but stuck at it and I can tell you that the game doesn't change, all that happens is you get bigger ships, and bigger distances to move things! I've just brought my second panamax ship, I've not even left the starting area (Europe & med) and I'm bored ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I consider the game complete because I feel like I already know exactly what I'm going to be doing for the next few hours till I can buy out the investor which I assume is the end game.Summary:I have been looking forward to this game for ages, but I'm glad I listened to reviews and held off till it was on offer because it is a £5 game, The developers are working on a Transocean 2, which I have high hopes for, time will tell!"
76561198043401618,Recommended,289930,16725287,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,SickRamen,"A great little tycoon style game.TransOcean is not a simulator; it doesn't go into much detail. The game basically just consists of loading crates on your ships and sending them from A to B. There is also a ""minigame"" where you can sail your own ships as they dock or leave the port.The sailing minigame will not keep you entertained for hours, but it is fun to play now and again when you buy a new ship, and it will save you some in-game money when you play it, as well as grant you some achievements.There are 5 classes of ships, all of which can have various upgrades installed, like better engines, water canons to fight back pirate attacks, or a license which allows you to transport juicy nuclear waste.The rest of the game just consists of carefully choosing contracts of what merchandise to transport where, and it's up to you to find the route planning that will be the most lucrative. You can also transport drugs or contraband for extra cash, but risk losing all if inspected by coast guards.There are also company contracts, which grant you substantial bonuses if you guarantee you will transport X amount of merchandise on a designated route in X amount of months. Fail to fulfil it and you will have to pay a big penalty.One of the most fun I have found in this game is deliberately accepting a ludicrous amount of company contracts and then having fun struggling to complete everything in time!In addition, as you level up, your antipathetic investor will throw some ridiculous contracts at you that you cannot refuse. These moments are the big highlights of the campaign.Once you have fully leveled up, there is not much end-game, so TransOcean won't keep you entertained for ever, but all in all the campaign has a good 25 hours in it.Technically it's well built, the interface is designed okay and I encountered very few bugs. The game comes with a set of elevator music tracks which I recommend you switch off from the beginnnig; then it just plays relaxing seaside soundsDefinitely one of the best tycoon style games out there."
76561198050892432,Recommended,289930,21096157,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,BigHooters Racing,love it
76561198048037709,Not Recommended,289930,16718136,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Arch,"Meh... this game kinda sucks. Buy ships, ship stuff.. make money to buy more ships to ship more stuff.  There's a mini game throughout that lets you dock or depart from harbors but it gets super tedious and you'll just dock with tug boats in the end otherwise this game would last forever.You can get contracts which give you a certain amount of money when you finish them, but it's usually a hasle to re-route all your ships to these docks.  Plus sometimes these docks are too small for your ships so onlly your smaller ♥♥♥♥♥ier ships can go which get f'ing annoying and take forever.Then there are the big contracts whenever you rank up, you'll get 2 or 3 and you can fail them and it doesn't matter. Then on the 3rd or 4th you'll get a mandatory one.  If you don't fulfill that one it's game over which I was getting bored with this game and I didn't read this fact.  So game over... I don't understand this mechanic... It should of been quite clear with a secondary warning if this kind of thing is implemented.I won't be going back to this game, nor will I be recommending it to anyone.  It's really basic, The mini game of docking is not fun and is very repetitive.I got 15 hrs out of it... good enough I guess but I was expecting more depth to this game."
76561197993127821,Recommended,289930,12282507,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Govenor General,"Game shows alot of promise. Generally fun so far. However, alittle automation would go a long way. I am about 10 hours in, UI is ok, game mechanics are good. If you are looking for a fun little game to build an empire this would be it."
,Not Recommended,289930,14114413,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,BG79,"I cannot recommend this game.  It's extremely repeatitive, easy, and lacks depth.  There is also little to no replayability.  I am struggling to remember much from this game as after I beat it I uninstalled it and waited a few months hoping for some sort of patch or anything to add content.  I was thinking that this can't be all there is to the game but apparently that is all there is.There are no competing companies, the top of the line ""end game"" ships are actually in many cases worse than the ships a tier lower.  There's no reason really at all to build additional headquarters at other locations.  The minigames are extremely annoying and while skippable (provided you pay in game money) later on during a game mission you are required to perform them 5 times in a set time period.This game couldve been a lot better but at it's rather large price tag for what it is now it simply is not worth the money."
76561198088921908,Not Recommended,289930,14028976,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,szita2000,"Would be a nice game, but that manual docking completely kills it. Wouldn't recommend to buy."
,Not Recommended,289930,16610149,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,JBro™,"Unfortunately, this game is about as ""deep"" as the local swimming pool.Buy boat > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > FuelBuy boat > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > FuelBuy boat > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel > Load cargo > Travel > Fuel*sigh* That is it. The only things that trow up some tactics are pirates/storms/reefs, and company contracts which you would need to commit some of your vessels to, but the game makes it no easy task to do that efficiently or on a schedule.Basically, the driving the vessels into port is not, but unnecessary, its too damn repetitive and click-happy, and the more you get into the game, the harder it is by pure amount of work to do.Glad I got it cheap, would have been quite annoyed at RRP."
,Recommended,289930,20425039,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,🔰YavuzReis69🔰,Perfect game
17765443201924699,Recommended,289930,20710120,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,BraddersP70,this a good game all you need is a pen and a piece of paper
76561198087595831,Recommended,289930,19725968,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,gogs1964,Totaly love this game well woth the money and i cant wait for the second part to come out
,Recommended,289930,20223564,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,hasa,"great management game, i love it"
76561198042087132,Recommended,289930,16046014,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Fish,This game is good.
,Recommended,289930,16335444,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Gaddafi,"Great games, loads of fun."
76561198048856324,Recommended,289930,12528995,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,IceCity,I like it :)
,Not Recommended,289930,19401243,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,GreedYew,Same 3 clicks
76561198063571041,Recommended,289930,13336778,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,freighthammer5,"I agree this style of game isn't for everyone.That being said I personally enjoy it very much. The gameplay is consistent, graphics are nice even though they're simple.I have not had any crashes, glitches or bugs of any kind."
,Recommended,289930,23861453,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,tomi,Its a nice game but you need a  lot of time to achieve the end of campaign.will try even the rivals
,Recommended,289930,13468362,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,HaloFrosty,"""Great game"", it's that simple. You start your adventure with a feeder, and every minutes you are planning in your mind which trade route to choose and where to stem your bunker with most economical price.Now you are getting more and more money, and expanding your fleet with regional traders, and eventually going up to those beatiful ladies - PPMX, NPMX and Ultra-Large Container Vessel. Oh! Now you are ready for a round-the-world service. Further to ocean trading, you can always berth / unberth the vessel on your own, and I would say this is the most interesting element of this game.The difficulties...well, I guess it's hard to name your ships. With the fleet getting ever larger, I decide to simply pick a real world Liner Operator and name all my ships as per their's.As I said, it's a great game. But there are always ways to further enhance the gaming experience:-1. Canal passage. It would be great if I have to pay my canal due for passage,  sail my ship through the Suez, or may be have to anchor my ship off Cristobal a day or two due to canal congestion.2. Larger scale of map when docking/undocking my ship. It's quite often I find it difficult to expect where will I berth my lady until I see it. And if possible, it would be great to have a ""longer"" sailing option before berthing/after unberthing.3. Some more ""small contracts"" - I find it hard to believe I am shipping some thousands TEU of Radioactive Materials to Hong Kong, or loads of weapons ex. US/Canada to Cuba...4. More realistic color of the Equipments (i.e. containers) - The Equipments are just too sharp and colorful.5. Players can draw the company logo in-game, and decide where to put the Operator's Color on the ship's hull.6. More real world events - e.g.: Pay for ice-breaker when approaching Gulf of St. Lawrence, stowaways sneaked onboard at West/South African countries, economic changes that affect the global bunker price SERIOUSLY...etc.The trading mode is realistic only if the game is for General Cargo Carriers. For Container vessels, it appears more ""real world"" if we are to plan and maintain service routes across the globe...well may be it's just me thinking of this only.If you like ships, go for it. If you like trading game, go for it. If you want to sail a vessel, go for it. There's no much choice where you can sail vessels from a 480TEU feeder to a ULCV with bow/stern thrusters."
,Recommended,289930,13770739,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Crozix,"I was introdused to the game by squirrel.I love the game, but it is unfortunately not the type of game for me.I will recommend this game for anyone interested in these kinds of games.Somethings i would have liked to see in the future is to add more mini games, preferably in the wildcards. Maneuvering thru a storm, or rescue passengers for reduced times or a small benefit for the player."
76561198028057789,Not Recommended,289930,19575928,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Il  Duce,"Pretty craptastic.Not many ships to choose from. No real customization.Gameplay consists of navigating your ship in and out of port. Once you're out of the port, it is automated until you get to the next port. Then you get to navigate out of port again. Whee.You get to select a contract to take, but it really isn't very involved at all. Will it fit on your ship, and can you make it to the port in time? If so, take it. Otherwise, don't.That's the game. Wish there was more to tell you."
76561198182182405,Not Recommended,289930,19586908,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,deva.jason,"Not, so nice game"
76561198001092046,Recommended,289930,15698896,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,stump,"At 9.99 this is an excellent game if you like slow, methodical game play. If you're an action fan, skip it. I've got 4 or 5 hours in and if i was bored of it right now, it would still have been a good buy. I'm nowhere near tired of it yet."
76561198007832600,Not Recommended,289930,15281090,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,ola.sundell,"Buggy and lacking features to make it competitive with Ports of Call, which it shamelessly steals from. The developers have abandoned it for a promised sequel. I regret buying this game."
,Recommended,289930,14511585,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,VanillaCakePeople,"I love this game, I love ships and so far I found this game good, the only problem is that the manually undocking which it seems very sensative."
76561197994707341,Not Recommended,289930,15745038,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,wabuckeye,"I must be missing something because I found the game required way too much hands on time.  Needs the option to hire someone to handle all contracts for each ship, someone to handle company contracts, and you get the idea.  Should be allowed to set that tugs will handle all ships at all ports and all ships go to port.  Those screens get to be a real pain after about two turns.  I admire the effort but if you're going to create a game, there' so much you could do with running a shipping company.  This shoud have an age 6 limit since anyone older will quit after no more then 10 turns.  If you build a good game (think railroad tycoon), people will buy it but I won't waste any money on '2' because I already wasted it on '1'."
76561198049783137,Recommended,289930,25125105,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,stlin,"Great game!  Create you own shipping company that covers the world, once you get past the lowest rank.  You get to actually dock your ships, tho can opt for tug assistance, which you'll want to do for difficult ports.  I did a list to remind me of bad ports.  Plays well, tho on my machine, must use steam to avoid occasional glitches.  Lots of thot needed.  Some surprise events, but not too many to distract, tho some can really chalange you.  Wonderful variation from war games."
,Recommended,289930,15828647,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Bufnitza,"I recommend this game if you like boats, economic sims and need a time sink. However, there are some caveats to the recipe, the biggest one being that Deck13 seems to have wanted to do something extraordinary here, but after the release, realized that the current platform and tech cannot allow that. So they went back to the drawing board and stopped working on TO1, in order to bring out TO2 (ETA 2016) from scratch.This is all fine, though, as the current version is *very* playable and addictive, and if you snatch it at 50% discount, like I did, it's worth every penny. But bear in mind that for this version, there will potentially be no other content update and no bugfixing (there are a few tiny bugs which are slightly annoying)."
,Recommended,289930,13733475,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,PendolinoVoyager [UK],Fantastic simulation game. If you like running a business and sailing ships - this is the perfect game for you.
76561198040525949,Recommended,289930,15036763,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,DeadlyWeapon,hello i have 2 questions for the game !!1: why the game crash  a lot of times ?2:why the game did not have piraeus port and greece ?
76561198019892081,Recommended,289930,17315577,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,normanbroadhurst,"Decent game but not sure as to what age group this game is aimed at. It is educational in terms of geograhical content and mathamatical content, ie working out how much cargo can be carried vs distance and speed restrictions but it also has some childish elements, ie fogging effects of ports and other ships trying to  race your ship or trying to block your ship from docking, also ships do not seem to do realistic speeds or have realistic stopping distances. It would be more appropriate to do away with the childish elements and make this into a good game by adding elements such as wind and tide effects when docking, weather conditions (calm, windy or rainy), night time docking conditions and proper shipping lanes with rules, ie speed limits, also  more realistic loading and unloading times along with a greater number of ports and types of ships which would enhance the game."
76561198006446341,Recommended,289930,17308720,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,NSA,Best parallel parking simulator on the market.
76561198064569598,Recommended,289930,28514116,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,tstuart1996,i enjoyed this game it allows you to get the basic with our any sort of other company getteing in the way the real threat you have to keep an eye out for is pirates
,Recommended,289930,16850887,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,bboalt,great
,Recommended,289930,12291644,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,rborkows,Good trading game. Wish there was more automation available though. Gets tedious clicking the same stuff over and over.
76561198084433681,Not Recommended,289930,33152228,Posted: 2 July,all,Sherman1945,SO LITTLE TO DO
,Recommended,289930,15039984,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Tidreit,Sail them sea to deliver!
76561198158268439,Not Recommended,289930,21511020,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Muppe,"One question.Is there anything i can do wrong in this gamew?No matter what you do, you get profit. So where is challenge?"
,Recommended,289930,12221613,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Bandyman,"Port of Call players rejoice as a modern version of your game have come out, Definatly much easier to play than POC as well.The basis of this game is simple, run a shipping company profitably and level up in a style very simliar to that of Patrician IV as in you need to fill certain prerequisties such as x amount of money, ships, locations visted, offices etc.The game is good fun and has a casual gaming feel to it and as such not too serious.The biggest downside I can say about this game though is it dosent have multiplayer ability which is something POC did have and was great as you could compete with other players then to reach certain goals.Overall its good fun :D, So give it a shot."
,Recommended,289930,12223618,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,[VS-UK]Gom3R,Enjoyable. It takes me back to the days of Ports of Call. There are a few bugs like dodgy camera ect. But hopefully it gets fixed. It is a relaxing and slow paced game for old folks. :)
76561198109015905,Not Recommended,289930,22327644,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Randy Marsh,"its ok, but there is just not enough micromanagement in it and the game mechanics are much to simple so i got borred very quickly"
76561197998315864,Recommended,289930,12237937,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,michaeljpounds,"I don't normally post  reviews, but I felt this title worth a mention.  There have been a lot of half-hearted continental simulations released recently and this definately doesn't fall in to that category!Ok, graphically, the ""driving sim"" aspect of this title could be better... It's a little 2D feeling and has a tendancy to stutter when you go for maximum speed, but it's passable most of the time.Having said that, this is, in my option, a solid micro-management sim.  You have good control over the day-to-day running of your shipping company, but can also comfortably out-source many of the more mundane tasks (albeit at a sigificant cost).Personally, I'm ok with that... I think it should be a significant expense in the early days to outsource any substantial portion of your management role in these kind of titles.After 6 and a half hours (or so) of play I can tell you the following:POSITIVES:* Storyline is ok, driven by solid tutorials... They are progressive and detailed enough to point you in the right direction without being condecending.* Graphics are better than anything else I have come across in this specific genre.* Controls are pretty instictive and as expected - camera controlled from mouse and helful auto-centering.* Sound - I've seen some negative postings, but, in general, I've been pretty impressed.  Music gets a little repetative in the world view as you spend a lot of time there, but each port is individualised and, overall, it's a pretty calming, uninvasive soundtrack.* Overall gameplay is going to keep genre fans entertained for some time... There's certainly enough variables to grab attention, but cost and development route are inevitable and welcome challenges!NEGATIVES:* It seemed to take an excessive amount of time to pass the first few story objectives. I imagine this is because this is many designed to be a ""sandbox"" title, but I'm hoping greater structure will be added in time.* On the subject of additions, the are many noteworthy european shipping ports which are currently missing... Let's hope this is remedied in any future updates!!!All in all, a worthwhile spend... Enjoy!!!!!!"
76561198004534550,Recommended,289930,12224583,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,xftitan,nice game butsometimes ship go over land from algerie to rotterdam in a contractbut good game to playfund a bug to make easy moneyi play free mode whit 4 shipsand one of the ships i stays a icon of docking so load ship full get out of habor click on docking iconand its in the new haborand the icon stay there so travel fast to one port to anther port
76561198017279848,Recommended,289930,12233575,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Kaleckton,"TransOcean is a game that is out for a very select type of people. It is not going to be fun for everyone because the gameplay is very limited. Control of the ships themselves is actually considered to be a minigame and for a small price can be bypassed. At first bypassing is too expensive, but your larger ships can afford the cost.  After the minigame all there is to do is to take out loans, and manage contracts for a fleet of ships that you can somewhat custimize. I also experienced a bug which prevents me from naming new ships.Even after all of my problems the game was beautiful. After a hard day of trucking I relaxed to a easy game that was one of the most beautiful looking games that is not from a AAA company. I wished there were more features, more ship types, more ports from the world, more of everything. But for now I can play this game, but this game will not be for those who are looking for a challenge or a shipping update from older games close to this genre. TransOcean is what it is, a simple beautiful game with limited options. I love how it relaxes me, you may not like it.Also the online portion of it is just you in sandbox mode and prices go up and down online. It actually makes it easier has some prices skyrocket up."
,Not Recommended,289930,14978616,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Mrs Potato (Noxz),Why did I even buy this?
76561198124220055,Not Recommended,289930,23017921,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Floris,uninspired easy and repetitive game. Not recommanded
76561198080618516,Recommended,289930,12545405,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,nsl,Game is simelar to poc though lacks som features like poc
76561198060004440,Recommended,289930,12913617,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Megalomania D.A.D,"I really like this game,its a bit to easy at normal but its very fun."
76561197977373641,Not Recommended,289930,12301221,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Banijn,"Nice game, nice graphics. only downside is that the ships feel like a car on ice. This takes the fun out of docking, but you have to do this or spend 100K on a tug!!!! Why do i have a captain on that barge?Played it for about 1 hour and got bored.Re-installed Ports of Call XXL with the Sim, way better game.http://www.portsofcall.de/"
,Recommended,289930,19281178,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Deaf3279,GREAT GAME!
,Recommended,289930,13467801,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Conn100battles,"Extremely addicting! Managing the ships and company contracts can put you on the edge. Neat little random events add flavour to the journeys your ships will make. Graphics are pretty decent, sound is also good, didn't care too much for the docking/un-docking mini-game though.All in all, 9/10."
76561198022296391,Not Recommended,289930,29837122,Posted: 10 February,all,MacAttack,"zzzzzzzzzz,"
,Not Recommended,289930,20474235,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DuMonde,Quite repetitive !
76561198004086571,Not Recommended,289930,17087024,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Jaguar,"Broken abadonware, do not buy this unless it's $2 or less on sale."
76561198128603442,Not Recommended,289930,13370214,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,emre.sayin,"A fancy looking version of the very old game ""Ports of Call"" ... Unfortunately after so many years i was expecting a more creative ideas than ""Ports of call "" , like ship crew management, building customized ships... etc .The game didnt let me increase my rank although i satisfy all the required conditions (freeplay)... So it suddenly became boring.Musics, graphics are good. Lacks creativityi would rate it as 4.0/10"
76561198030981917,Not Recommended,289930,12310184,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,ghost.drmr,"This games looks a lot like ""ports of call"" which was really the reason I bought it, from what I have been able to play it really seems like an upgraded version of the old Amiga game, which was exactly what I was looking for.Unfortunately, the game is simply unplayable, it literally crashes every time I attempt a manual docking (which is big part of the fun) and very often will only allow me to dock once in 10 or so restarts.  I've upgraded all drivers, checked memory usage, etc. and no matter what I do (even on minimum settings) the game simply crashes, and crashes, and crashes.  I honestly feel that this game has been released to early and there are  still some major bugs to be sorted out.  For now I simply cannot recommend this since I have had zero money's worth in terms of gameplay."
76561197991341019,Not Recommended,289930,12354348,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,tommo8993,"I love a good business sim and I love all things maritime, so this should be perfect for me right? Wrong, You either have to play this annoying mini game every time your dock and leave port or make no money on your contracts. As a result you cant actually seem to make money with paying tugging fees of $400,000 (clearly I need to go into the tug boat business) Waste of money 4/10"
76561198031786949,Not Recommended,289930,12326693,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,TGreen.3,"At present, the game is unplayable.There is an acknowelged-by-Astrogon bug that causes the game to freeze whencertain cargoes dock at their destination.If/when they fix that bug, I would give TransOcean a big thumbs up even thoughit is a little light on documentation (e.g. what is the difference between the red-and blue-striped water areas you see during docking?  I'd like to see it in themanual rather than have to deliberately steam into them to find out.)Until the fix, save your money and the frustration."
,Not Recommended,289930,16474765,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,mattstaks,"Immediately regretted buying this game.  Graphics quality were lower than I expected, and I already expected low for a title like this.  The concept is something that you would see in a $.99 mobile game and isn't worth anything more than that."
,Not Recommended,289930,12281139,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Fakka Ur,"EDIT: Im STUPID, I didnt check if this was a multiplayer game or not and its NOT.If they update the game and make it a multiplayer game i will recomend it.For all of us oldies that remember Ports of Call, this game is Ports of Call with some minor tweeks.I havent tried free game, but from what iv seen so far (16h) i dont expect it to be that far from PoC."
76561198045582069,Recommended,289930,35139723,Posted: 22 September,all,UncleMonty,Great fun!
76561198009006160,Not Recommended,289930,13246607,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Fritzl,"It is a fun little 'web type' game (you know what I mean, simple), the type of game you play on facebook).It is not really challenging at all. It has no real depth to it at all. Gameplay is very simplistic, same with steering the ships. Is it worth to buy it? well if you have a spare $20. But not for the full price.I only purchased this yesterday and am already bored with it.*Pros*Fun simple gameShips, I like ships.Easy to learn.*Cons*Very simple game, no real business or tycoon element to it.Buy a ship, click to accept a contract, click to leave port, either drive ship manually, using up down left right, or click (auto) out of the port. (That is it). No more game to it, rinse and repeat 100 times.This is TransOcean."
,Not Recommended,289930,12292436,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,bastila13091,"This is primarily a docking simulator. There's not much more than just pulling your ship in and out of very small ports. You have to maintain your ship a bit, but if you truly want a ship simulator, go with Ship Simulator Extreme."
,Not Recommended,289930,20874298,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Splave,"Very unrewarding, and unenjoyable. I tried to give this game a chance, and put many hours into it, but it's very unfufilling."
76561198073527049,Recommended,289930,12234574,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Eboreus,"Much like the good old ""Ports of Call"" though it seems a bit easier to make profit. Nice and fine docking and undocking procedures - speed of the ships is not very realistic. Hey, we are talking about a few 100,000 tons, not about a formula one car. User Interface is decent but not brilliant (several things are more complicated than they would need to be, and I have not yet seen special task ships), there is room for improvement with a patch. I'd love an early start option somewhere in the 50ies or 60ies, but up to now you can only start in 2014. There are no other players unless in the so called online game which is a bad joke. It's nothing but the usual game with some notifications thrown in regarding that all the others send their ships to X oder Y - so please expect bad freight rates there: For all I know this could be just a programmer hoax. Nevertheless, I loved ""Ports of Call"" and I'm generally not very much into online gaming. And so I like ""TransOcean"", too. Some patches or add-ons may improve the depth, but just so I recommend it to those who were ""Ports of Call"" fans like I was ..."
,Not Recommended,289930,12397739,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,DiCHWer,"Is very repetitive and boring, and the driving physics are extremely unrealistic. Do not recommend."
76561198001933452,Recommended,289930,12229511,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,abion,I have been waiting a long time for a shipping game like this.There is a few things that could be better (tug fees are to high) but all in all a good laid back game.
76561198092719544,Recommended,289930,22731193,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,masnas,Great game.
76561198078653032,Not Recommended,289930,13231518,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,rainem,Purrchased this game twenty minutes ago and cannot play it. Not Happy. No idea what to do suggestions?
76561198108335983,Recommended,289930,14719515,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,frostychls,love it
76561198167767497,Not Recommended,289930,23427106,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,leehocken,"MAYBE SOMEBODY WILL LIKE IT, I DO NOT"
76561198007359938,Not Recommended,289930,12450072,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Irishsaint,"Very boring, it is the same couple of buttons. There is no debt to it."
,Not Recommended,289930,26013673,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,The Big Bad Wolf ♕,Don't buy it! Boring like infinite loading screens!(There are not any infinite loading screens BTW. Whole game feels like it.)
76561198107321932,Not Recommended,289930,22873097,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Cameron013,"I bought this game thinking it was going to be fun but how can you enjoy the game if it frezes after 5 min, Do not buy until issue is resolved."
,Recommended,289930,12294344,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,87th Foot Maj. POTUS,Cool and fun game! one big flaw  though... WHY IS THE PORT OF ANTWERP NOT LISTED!!! :(
76561198071684405,Not Recommended,289930,12294260,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,LordAJ,Always crash after I cast the ship. What happen?
,Not Recommended,289930,12586100,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,/ kurp /,"this game sucks i was thinking of likewoah camera around the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ res townthats basicly it and i would buy itexceptits notits boring(or mabye cause its the stupidness of docking and casting off CUS I ALWAYS FAIL SON)but i got bored and i only play 5 minsi want my money back :li really want it,now, before the stupid smart commenters come and sayshould of looked at the trailer dumbass < i didshould of looked at youtube videos < >               vlol ur fault < >                                                       vshouldent of bought the game < well, do i know how its like to play the game? no.if i cant get my money back♥♥♥♥youoh and even smart commenters come.♥♥♥♥♥ please, dont be such a♥♥♥♥♥♥pls get respectful comments hereno im not a dummyi am from ukoh waht? bad grammar and spelling?well you can read it so, it makes sensetoo sarcastic and thinking about pressing the ban button?I JUST WANT MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY BACK PLEASEPUT IT IN MY DAMN STEAM BANKSHEEEESHDUN HAVE TO BE SUCH A PRICKDAMNBut, really thoi just want my money backthis game sucks ._.oh what? you want evidence of how i hate and dislike this game?1) its boring, no? its boring because its stupid, its like minecraft. i have to do this and woah i forgot about this i need to do that quickly oh crap i nearly did that.basicly you do the same thing over and over and over and over and over over and over and over and over and over over and over and over and over and over over and over and over and over and over and so on... THERE IS NO POINT. its just a simulation, booooringggggplease stop making minecraft clones with round things in themplease stop making revenge gamesplease stop doing the same thing over and over and over WE WONT BUY THEM ANYMORETHESE GAMES ARE BOOOOORRRIIINNNNGGGGcant get my money back? :ci want to trade it with spintires then.they cost the same.seriosley trade or give moneyits all i wantbad dev/admin/moderator/owner NONO, BAD, BAD!NO. DO NOT PRESS THAT BLOCK BUTTON (whatever the ♥♥♥♥ its called) JUST NO,I JUST WANT MAH MONEYOR ANOTHER GAMETHAT DOESENT SUCK"
76561198050101326,Not Recommended,289930,12243791,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,FancyPants,Game is very boring.  I just dont see how this is worth £18 ? Looks like somthing made back in 2006 also I'm running it at 2440x1440 and its just keeps stuttering
76561198069506376,Not Recommended,289930,12243733,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Vex,"Docking Simulator 2014.The mechanics are sketchy and the premise is a little thin.Apart from looking at the screen with all your little boats automatically sailing themselves, you only actually get to control the ships at docking or casting off, which is about 5 minutes at most.For those with infinite patience and little taste in GAMING, this game is good. It's more of a simulator than an actual game. A boring one.For those with a desire to be thrilled....? Dont get it."
,Recommended,289930,18833858,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Bat Eyes,"Thumbs up. For review, search the game on youtube."
,Not Recommended,289930,19438955,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,zmtomako,"Concept is similar to some other mobile transport ""simulation"" gamesThe gameplay and replayability is really not much better than some free mobile games, besides there is no wait time and not pay to winNot the level of complexity and depth I thought I was getting... there aren't even competing companies for crying out loud (unless I haven't unlocked them yet??)Still a fun game but could be a lot more given its price tag."
76561198023733267,Recommended,289930,13023762,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ussvoyagerhunter,this is fun and challanging. few bugs but the devs are working them out. game has alot of posable future eaapansion.
76561198010353641,Recommended,289930,13098315,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Thewahoo,"7/10This game does what it's meant to do well.  However, it is not at all what I expected.  It plays exactly like 'Plague Inc.' with boats instead of a virus.I guess I assumed this would kind of play like Euro Truck Sim 2 with boats...IT'S NOT AT ALL.Having said all that:I was initially disappointed with the game because I thought I was getting something else, but it plays so well that I think I'll stick around a bit..."
,Recommended,289930,13524435,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MxxiiiF,"I am a retired/certified computer geek.  This game definately gives me hours of pleasure, i am not sure why but i feel relaxed clicking away choosing new contracts, its definately not a fast paced game but more of a relaxed management game.11/10"
,Recommended,289930,13517912,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fullmetal Maniac,"If you like business/tycoon simulation games then this is a blast. Ive had it for a short time and love it. Its simple, yet comprehensive. At first it seems like there is little content, but as you play more and more things become unlocked. Havent played a game like this for a while and am very happy to have gotten it."
,Recommended,289930,13801559,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ghiff,Pretty good game. It gets pretty repetitive and the investor is extremely annoying.
,Recommended,289930,13744069,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Wardogus,"TransOcean is a pretty cool and fun game where you just run your own maritime shipping company and you can run as many ships that you can afford. The ships range from a tiny freighter to a Panamax to a UCLV (a really big ship) and you can ship goods from ore to counterfeit goods to weapons to and from countries in the world.Gameplay wise, it's pretty simple and there is a mini game where you can dock and cast off. It does get repetitive after a while but if you play the game in bursts, it's fun. There are challenges where you can accept company contracts to ship a certain number of goods from one port to another in a certain time frame, which is rewarding in the end. There are also random events that pop up where you decide to avoid it or go through it, as well as customs checks from time to time (often on Hard difficulty). One neat feature I love about the game is there is online connectivity where players who play this game effect prices of goods if a port is visited often.However, what I do find is that when you start expanding, the amount of ships that you have to manage gets overwhelming and I wish there was a way to easily load your freighters at multiple ports.Overall, I do recommend this game but remember to play it in bursts or it will get repeititive. Score wise, about a 8/10."
76561198031013164,Recommended,289930,13758231,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sad and Boujee,"Totally addictive - after 40 hours of playing, I'm still returning to try and get those goods to Dubai on time.The game starts well, introducing you to small loads and quick trips. You don't realise it expanding around you as Northern Europe sends goods to the Mediterranean and North Africa. And then you're sending goods to America on bigger and bigger ships. Just when you think you're safe, the Investor comes and takes her cut and suddenly you're scrabbling for money. Do you risk taken the dubious goods for the Don? Of course you do, you're desparate for income and here comes the Customs to catch and fine you...It's more challenging than it seems and building your shipping line is more satisfying than you'd think. It's the exact example of powerful gameplay over expensive graphics."
,Recommended,289930,13693032,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Guy Fieri,"Really fun and simple game, as a Ship enthusiast it was a nice find. However the game could add more ship types like bulk carriers and oil tankers, they would fit really well with the game."
76561198135480525,Recommended,289930,13909524,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Potato Salad,"really good game, reminds me alot like port of call :)"
76561198128913518,Not Recommended,289930,15831784,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,adybohana,"this is the biggest load of rubbish i have played ,it wouldnt be so bad if it had a sandbox type game , but the stupid and boring constant task really get up your nose until you eventually get shut down i had a $1 bn worth company and it still got shut down by the investor because i didnt deliver so much stuff to a port ! good investor lose all your money over a few items not been delivered a very tedious game."
76561198021822682,Not Recommended,289930,15682716,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Stealthy,Very shallow and development already has stopped for this version as the Transocean2 has been announced. Don't waste your money on this version anymore.
76561198152791982,Not Recommended,289930,15370593,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,gllh1234567890,commpatable
,Recommended,289930,15459786,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,KurtKraut,"Well polished game, very few bugs that doesn't hinder the gameplay. The issue here is the amount of gameplay (in time) this game provide is too low. You can master it and complete all challenges in a weekend. So I wouldn't recomend a purchase above 10 USD."
,Recommended,289930,15499535,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,lauxchase,I enjoyed it great gameplay
76561198025051194,Not Recommended,289930,15499981,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,emirfassad,The game is unstable & left with unresolved issue.Returning to the game after an hiatus of a couple weeks I found that all my saved games have vanished.  They do not display in the LOAD window and they are not in expected location on my machine.The devs have not responed to this issue but claim that they have delivered a finished product.  They claim to  be working on a sequel game.  If their prior behavior is an indication of what we can expect from them in the future these folx are not to be trusted.Do not support them.
76561197998698242,Recommended,289930,15818480,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Tigerfish,"When I first read about TransOcean Shipping, I added it to my wishlist and followed it closely for several months. The mixed reviews made me skeptical about buying it, but as I'd been starved for a good business simulation, decided to take the gamble - and I'm pleased I did!In the game you play the founder of a shipping company, whom takes on an investor to fund his company. Starting off with one small 'Feeder' ship, you have to accept contracts and weigh decisions over speed/fuel consumption to ensure that deliveries are made on time. The campaign aspect of the game provides extra challenge, allowing you to unlock larger vessels as you progress in rank and prestige, whilst constantly trying to ensure you have enough money to provide the investor her regular payments.Ships can be docked and cast off manually, which offers you the chance to control your ship if you'd rather avoid paying the tug fees (automatic docking/cast off) in ports. This can provide a nice little break from the 'main map' game screen, which is where you'll spend most of your time. Eventually you'll have a fleet of different sized ships, and will need to juggle factors of tight deadlines, contract penalties and the various ship sizes permitted to dock in certain ports etc.Despite the fact that you spend so much time staring at the map screen, the challenge and reward of juggling everything around is thoroughly entertaining. It's a game that doesn't require too much thought and that you can play casually. I personally found the game addictive, but I appreciate that it won't appeal to everyone - I'm sure many would find the lack of variation a little tiresome/boring. If you're unsure whether you'd enjoy this game, do what I did and check a gameplay video online. There are many to watch, and will give you an accurate idea of how this game plays."
76561198119353338,Recommended,289930,15794868,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,csilvestrini.cs,Great Game! Other than crashing once on me I have had no issues running the game!
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,289930,13490005,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Corwin86,"Everyone talks about ""Ports of Call""... and this is correct, because this game is really only a better 3d/animated version of ""Ports of Call"" (and with less simulation style...).But, in the past, there was a story of really nice sim/trading (also history) games for DOS, that were actually WAY BETTER than this game and also of the others on the market.Try checking:http://www.abandonia.com/en/games/553/Ocean+Trader.htmlAnd others sim game (totally free!) in that site.They were more challenging, fun to play, difficult, realistic, and, yes, maybe not so graphically developed for today (but still nice to watch, in my opionion).So, what is the problem with THIS game?PROS- Nice 3D graphic, but not so developed- NIce world design- Smuggling!- Overall, not a terrible game, but pretty boringCONS- Really poor simulation- Non realistic global market- Tedious ships command system- Useless 3D docking mini games- A casual game, not a simulation game as is sold- No real challenging, no real competition, quite impossible to lose also at highest difficulty!- Is ONLY ""Ports of Call"" with a better 3D and less variety!- At the end, not funny!- REALLY OVERPRICED!!!So, at the end, it could be a 6/10 game (maybe a little more if you consider it a casual game), but it cost too much!A correct price (considering 3D, but also that you can get FAR more with some nice abandonwares), would be 6 to 8 € in my opinion, really not more than this.Not recommended..."
,Recommended,289930,13849087,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Cabooze,"Very fun game, although my Mac crashed whenever I tried to manually dock a ship."
76561198047142445,Not Recommended,289930,13710270,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dr. Robot,"The base of the game is really well done. The ports, the menu, the controls and the map are all great but the game heavily suffers from lack of depth. After one playthrough of the campaign you are pretty much done with the whole game. And even within that it gets repetitive fast. There is no way to build your shipping company differntly in the next playthrough, it's always the same: load ship with goods, sell goods, fuel and repair the ship - repeat - buy more ships. No crew, port or storage management at all. You just ship goods to make money to buy more ships to transport more goods. Maybe it would be fun if there was any type of endgame like buying out the competition (there is none), buying whole ports or investing in research.One would think it gets more interesting when your company grows bigger but it only gets more tiring because there is no automation at all. You have to click everything manually for every single ship every time and you don't even have to think about it because it's too easy. The visualized ports are great but you only see them while docking manually which is fun at first but also gets old really fast.I can't really recommend this game. I would maybe recommend it for $5 since you will roughly get 5-10 hours out of the game. $20 is way too much."
76561198115633448,Recommended,289930,13113190,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Scruffy Survivor,"I will recomend the game just because it isnt bad, limited but not bad. In either free mode or campaign you have a stupid investor (wish you had more choices) that gives you some cash and you buy a boat and start hauling. Basic enough. Of course there are ranks and whatnot but what i dont like is they force you to keep buying ships to ""level up"" but it isnt really needed imo. My first open run i have done the bare min to advance all the while steady shipping and have $700mil in 2hrs or so and thats still with 2 ranks of ships to aquire. Too easy.As far as the ton of ships there isnt any automation so you have to load.dock.undock.etc every time a ships ready. Thats a pain with a fleet of 6 much less 60..? I remember like 2005 there was a big rig sim that would auto your extra trucks for passive income. 2005.. We going backwards??? Its mindless fun every once inawhile, but games like this need imersion, i wanna by the port, bribe customs, etc."
76561198168922970,Not Recommended,289930,13574746,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,krisccl,This is 3rd version of the game I'm playing. Game is total disappointment and only graphic change from original Ports of Call. Game missing huge amount of options to be great game and this could be easily great game. For now recommend to all to save their moneyand avoid this game.
,Recommended,289930,13596685,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SooFluffy,Sounds boring but I had a blast as you can see from my hours played.
76561198017297147,Not Recommended,289930,15334836,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,GunnyMarx,"Heavy on pretty looks, feather-light on gameplay.So, Thumbs up for the pretty graphics of the docking-minigame.Everything else can be summarized in a few words:Tedious gameplay, very-very shallow realism, virtually non-existent long-term motivation, and full of inaccuracies.. Also I find the amount of highly unrealistic and extremely repetitive micro-management very boring. A true motivation killer.All this is played through a ""management"" interface, which does not assist one jot in managing a multi-vessel fleet. On the contrary.This game should be tagged ""shallow simulation of a shallow trade-simulation"". The docking-minigame likewise cannot be called a simulation, as is has nothing in common with handling a large vessel...in fact, not even of that of a 30ft sailboat. However, without it, this game would not even have the pretty graphics.Nice for an average 12 year old.Most definitely not a title for enthusiats of trade and management sims. If you are looking for an interlectual challenge and some insights into the ""real"" world of cargo shipping, and big scale logistics, look elsewhere.The proposed features for the announced version 2 of this title, do not seem to address these issues. Rather, it seems to take the existing version and expands it into a multiplayer version. A great pity, because the idea is great. There is no in-depth simulation of this genre to my knowledge...and there still isn't...and by the looks of it, version 2 won't change that.In my opinion, the trading and management functions and interfaces require extensive improvements, before this title deserves to be called an exciting game and a simulation.I give 10 out of 10 for the idea, and a 5 out of 10 for execution.All in all, in my view, yet another disappointment, and most definitely not worth the cost. There are more enjoyable apps in the itunes appstore."
76561198007528491,Recommended,289930,14798940,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ajbcase,This is a very enjoyable game. I would like to see a sequel with more depth or maybe other time periods. But overall I would recomend this game.
76561198083083552,Recommended,289930,28430066,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,HST75Vet718,This is a fun game but you need patience.  It is long but fun
,Not Recommended,289930,28281399,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Sir Douchebagel the Super Hoagie,"I bought this a while back, played it for a couple days, abandoned it for 3 years. I'd say the first 4-10 hours would be fun, but after that it's a micromanagement nightmare as you have tens of ships that are requesting to dock, or need a contract, or need fuel, or some other thing, all at the same time. The early game is somewhat boring as it is very slow, and the late game is very repetitive. Overall, if it was on sale for 10 dollars or less and you liked micromanagement, it might be okay. For 20 dollars (I bought it at 30) I don't think it's worth it."
76561197999675599,Not Recommended,289930,25563615,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Skybaxx,"TransOcean has some good points - there is a measure of strategy involved, with picking different cargoes and so on for the best profit.However, the negative aspects of the game outweigh the positive ones.Being double-charged for fuel and repair costs stands at the top of the list, in my view. When you arrive in a port, the estimated costs for fuel and any repairs are deducted from your profits for that trip. This is particularly tiresome when you arrive in a port that has expensive fuel prices, as you lose more.You still have to refuel and repair the ship though, paying for that separately.The investor you have to deal with is another aspect. Whilst she is entitled to her share of profits every quarter, the inane tasks that she forces on you from time to time are ridiculous.On at least two occasions, you are required to transport items that the feeder ships are not designed for - and if you can't complete the entire task, you face an enormous penalty. The tasks do add yet another level of strategy to the game, but they should be relevant to the ships you have at the time.Since the developers have still not seen fit to change this, or improve the game at all, then I cannot recommend TransOcean."
,Recommended,289930,33785597,Posted: 25 July,all,RavinMadd1,Good time sink. Gets a little repetitive after awhile but if you have a couple hours to kill there are worse ways to spend them. A little expensive at normal price but ususally included in the seasonal sales.
,Recommended,289930,34318829,Posted: 17 August,all,quick crab (VERY dangerous),"Great game!Huge variety of ships and and locations with a unique online influenced player economy that keeps things fresh. If you know what you are doing you can blow through the game and get the best ships in 6-8 hours but thta doesnt mean you cant make some pretty sweet challenges for yourself using the immense variety. For example, try and get to the highest rank in the game by using and upgrading only the lowest tear of ships. You can buy the ships you need to level up but dont actually do anything with them. It ends up creating a pretty fun hardcore experience. And that is just one of a whole bunch of different modes you can make yourself due to the open ended world and economy. The game can have some slow points and guff (having a minimum amount of completed contracts to level up can suck), the game is a real fun exploration of basic economics."
